 It is a good size for a fold away futon . Folds up nicely and an be stored away in my closet . Convenient for storage and also quite comfortable if you are not too big .
 We bought a few of these for the kids when they have sleepovers . The kids love them and they 're actually comfortable . Easily folded to be put away .
 I ca n't think of 15 words to use about a perfect product ... bla bla bla bla bla bla etc etc etc
 We have been lookng for years for the fold up futon mat . It is durable , well made , comfortable , and easy to store.We have used it for guests who stay overnight .
 read the reviews and went for it ... i was pleasantly surprised with the quality and comfort ... perfect extra bed for those times when the house overflows with family and/or friends ... thinking about getting another .
 This folding mattress is light and easy to carry -LRB- hand Straps on both sides -RRB- . We enjoyed sleeping on it because it was very comfortable .
 it didnt arrive in time for my friend , and it never came at all . i had to order a new one but amazon was kind enough to issue a free replacement . thanks and i love it !
 I ordered this for my daughters camping trip . We 've also using it for overnight guests . Stores easily in the closet .
 this is a perfect fit for my PENTHOUSE bed in my ford SPORTSMOBILE VAN !!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 I bought this mat to use in my truck bed when I go camping in my Sportz TruckTent . It works well enough , but man is it ever hard . I guess it has to be because it 's only 3 inches thick . It 's better than sleeping on the bare truck bed , better than sleeping on the ground , better than my air mattress because it wo n't pop , but I 'll need to get a soft pad for the top of it to get a good nights sleep .
 Very comfortable . Long . Large enough for a twin fitted sheet to fit over . Easy to carry .
 WOW IT IS REALLY COMFY AND REALLY SOFT.BOUGHT ONE FROM ANOTHER STORE NOT GOOD.THIS IS NO COMPARISON.ITS SIMPLY THE BEST
 We just received this and I want to confirm the other comments that it is indeed firm . However , it is only 3 inches thick , so if it were NOT firm , it would be completely useless . A `` soft '' 3 inch mat would be the same as sleeping on the floor because it would n't be able to support a body . So if you are concerned about the firmness , do n't be , that 's what makes it possible for it to be only three inches thick.The reason that I think it 's great for multipurpose use , is that my 4 year old daughter already loves playing on it as an activity . If you do n't want your kids to jump on your furniture , give this to them!We 've already napped on it a bit , and it is comfortable and easily accomodates a sheet . I 'm looking forward to using this for guests !
 These are extremely comfortable and non-toxic sleeping mats . Regular mattresses are toxic and lethal . These poly-cotton mats are firm and dreamy and easy to carry around . In summer nights I take them outside to sleep on picnic tables then when it gets cold simply bring them in to sleep on inside tables . I prefer sleeping on tables -- high and hard -- and this is the way to do that .
 Had 2 get 2 of them , they are verry low to the ground . But works , folds up small , put a cover over it , use for a table , thats 2 together .
 This is a nice floor mat . I wanted something thick to put on the floor for exercising to make it easier for my neck and back as well as for getting up on my knees prior to getting up from the floor . It also works great as a mattress for the Grandkids when they come for a sleepover . I used it on top of my Granddaughter 's twin bed and it was quite comfortable . I have dogs and cats so the material covering this mat could get pretty hairy so I bought an inexpensive zippered twin size mattress cover and I can still fold the mat for storage -LRB- just ca n't use the handles for carrying -RRB- . I think I need to buy another one so all my Grandkids will have a place to sleep once the twins grow out of their cribs ! This is a better investment than buying twin size beds that will take up space .
 I used this mat for a bed for visiting adult grandchildren and it was big enough & firm enough to comfortably sleep on for an adult . Very good price . I was very pleased with this purchase .
 I was greatly relieved when I slept a couple of nights on this futon . It was firm and good for my back . I should have ordered a larger size but I am satisfied.Thank you , Don
 i ordered this product rather than a full futon because it was portable and folds up with a handle and i live in a small place . it is very long , long enough for a tall person and wide enough for two . i put a sheet on it and it fits perfectly . i got it so my younger son can sleep over , since i only have two bedrooms and one son living it home.it is a little hard but i know i will get used to it . i thought i would sleep on it from time to time , just for a change from sleeping in my room.it came really fast . the burgundy color is gorgeous and really good quality canvas . i did not think it would arrive before christmas but it came today two days before christmas ups.i do reiki massage and this will also serve as a massage table . plus you can take it with you . it is not that heavy . i look forward to sleeping on it .
 Due to a family emergency it was necessary to spend several days at a relatives ' one-BR apartment . This hide-a-mat unit was purchased and delivered to the apartment within 72 hours . Although a bit spartan on comfort , the mattress exceeded my expectations , with no sore spots in the morning ! Other nice feature is that the folded unit is easily stored during the day , unlike a huge air mattress .
 A great cover for a fourth of the price of a custom fit one and it does n't leak . Ca n't go wrong with this cover .
 Every sword has it 's purpose . This one 's purpose is not to protect the emperor :-RRB- but to make a fine decoration of your living room ... Very cheap to .
 The seller shipped this item in a timely manner , it arrived as promised and as advertised . Pleasure doing buisness with you . My son was thrilled with the purchase . Thank you ...
 This was a gift fo my husband . He has this size of helmets for all of the teams . I guess that they change their helmets from time to time so he needed a new one for the Bills . He loved it and was very happy . It came in a timely manner and was in perfect condition . Amazon had the best price for it too .
 I have n't had a chance to use this in the field as of yet , but the quality of the unit is very impressive . The dial turns freely , but had no slop in it what so ever . The adjustable declination feature is great , it should help accuracy greatly.I plan to use the compass for scouting activities to help the boys learn about orienteering , but I think this compass is too complex -LRB- and expensive ! -RRB- for kids to handle .
 What more can I say , it 's a compass , it 's well made and it works as advertised . I never go hiking without a topo map , guide book , compass and GPS .
 Got this for my husband as he is going into forestry field this year . He loves it ! Easy to use , has tons of great features , and good quality . Much better compass then the price might indicate .
 I teach map reading and orienteering . I tested the Brunton 15TDCC to determine if was an inexpensive compass for orienteering courses . I found it was satisfactory for basic orienteering . Like many compasses however , the instructions are inadequate and do not clearly explain all the features on the compass and how to use them . The compass is reasonably accurate . One thing that is poorly explained is setting the declination which is extremely important . The instructions are for all Brunton compasses but just what applies to this particular compass is undecipherable . This compass sets declination using a tiny screw . A sheet metal screw driver is attached to the compass lanyard but it is useless because the screw is tight . If you think that the screw is to loosen the bezel so that it can be adjusted , you are wrong . What the screw does is turn an inner dial to set the declination but even after it is set , it does n't help you sight the compass . It is only helpful in orienting a map . There is also an inclinometer inside the dial but no instructions on how to use it . But I like this compass because it is clear lucite and can be placed on a map where you can see through the compass . And it is an easy to read compass.As far as I was able to determine , Brunton no longer makes the compass and no information is available on the Brunton website to provide help . So keep that in mind if you are considering purchasing one .
 This was a birthday gift for my adult son.He had researched it and asked us to get it for him . It seemed to be everything he wanted and he was pleased .
 I recieved my Brunton 15 yesterday and I could not be more pleased ! For the record , I 'm not a fan of things made in China , but this product could not be made any better anywhere else in the world . Everything about it is first class and works to perfection . I own several Compasses made by the best eg ; Silva and Suunto etc
 This has all the features you need for navigating with a map while hiking and backpacking . The declination adjuster works great . The compass is solid and easy to work with . Even the small magnifier is useful -LRB- I was surprised to discover -RRB- . This is a lifelong compass .
 A great purchase and a fine , easy to work compass for SAR activities and missions .
 I own 2 of this 15 models , one very old and made in europe , one i think made in china . Both are different in make and accuracy . Since almost of good brand names are made in China , I have no choice but continue my collection with Suunto brand - which is still made in Europe . I traveled rainforests in Asia more than 2 months in a year , and I trust only to Cammenga Lensatic , which is made in USA . My life and my team all carry one Cammenga in their pockets . If you are recreational vacationist , any Silva , Brunton , Nexus , Suunto , or Recta , will do the job fine . Just choose the model with adjustable declination wheel . Rainforests are very easy to get lost , so I depend on my Cammenga . And if your budget can be spent only once in every many years , then go for Cammenga . The king of compass , at least to me . Happy Bearings to All .
 Two words
 excelente este producto ... es una herramienta muy importante en el mundo del campista . y la variedad de utilidades que tiene la hacen indispensable para cualquier viaje.se las recomiendo ...
 Excellent field compass ... recommended for Mountaineers class . I first used the compass on a rainy day . Sometime afterward I found the mirror tarnishing . I returned it for a new , but same , model compass . I have n't put it under the same weather conditions again . I 'm hoping , however , that it will not have the same problem , as it 's a great compass .
 The Brunton type 15 is an excellent compass . What I enjoy the most is having the protractors -LRB- both 1:50,000 and 1:24,000 -RRB- cut right into its baseplate . This eliminates the need to carry a separate plastic protractor like we did in the Army . The entire compass has easy to read numbers , everything is sharply etched , including the glow-in-the-dark points , of which there are eight . The needle swings freely with no stoppages or hiccups . The azimuth ring moves smoothly too , but is built into the frame tightly enough so that it wo n't slip accidentally . The best feature by far is the declination adjustment . I think this time saver would have been considered cheating in the Army . The type 15 for Brunton is still made in Sweden where it originated . Most of their competition , even those that once produced military quality compasses like Silva , now have their instruments churned out of southeast Asian factories , despite selling them for comparable prices .
 I recently upgraded to the BRUNTON MODEL 15 compass and am very satisfied . I am a Search And Rescue Technician Instructor and teach land navigation . I have been using one of the other high quality mirror compasses for about 15 years . Several students in the last SARTECH class had BRUNTON MODEL 15 compasses which I experimented with . By the end of the class I made the switch . Specifically I found the compass to be more sturdy , the bezel moves freely without binding , the mirror adjusts smoothly without binding , the needle sets more quickly with less swing , and the base plate has a built in UTM Grid Reader . The most important feature for those of us with aging eyes , the dial is much easier to read . The bezel is red so the numbers contrast more clearly . The numbers on the bezel are larger and clearer than other high quality mirror compasses . In totality , I have found the BRUNTON MODEL 15 compass to be more accurate , faster to use , and easier to read.Thanks BRUNTON - GOOD JOB!Dallas
 The Silva Ranger type 15 used to be a very good compass , They changed it and is now an absolute joke . This Brunton Nexus Elite is the same as the old Silva Ranger type 15 and is an excellent compass . The person who rated it and complained that it was not digital does not know enough about a compass to be buying one in the first place . -LRB- Does it even remotely look digital ? -RRB- I have done forestry work for a long time and I would take this compass anywhere . Very accurate for somebody that knows how to use a compass .
 Over the years I have owned several compasses , and this one is , hands down , the best . It is well thought out , easy to use and has a fantastic array of features for a $ 50 compass . While I have n't abused the compass , it 's construction tells me that it can take a beating . I 'm really impressed and I recommend it without reservation . Hats off to Amazon.com for getting it to me in one day - shipped for free !
 This is a great compass packed with lots of features.Its easy to adjust the declination and the bezel numbers are easily read.The sighting hole is a little smaller which made it difficult to sight on small objects over 4 miles away on a foggy day -LRB- some trees on the horizon -RRB- , but that is a fairly specialized case . It is also shorter than some other compasses which can add some complexity for map work and the rounded corners make it difficult to use the lid as an extension.However , there were some other features that just make this a killer compass in my opinion . In fact , I purchased and promptly replaced another brand of compass with this Brunton when I saw the Brunton in use at a Mountaineers workshop.This compass has UTM grids -LRB- 1:24 k and 1:50 k -RRB- printed on it as well as a inch and centimeter ruler . The UTM grids have a small hole so you can either look through the baseplate unhindered or make a small mark on your map at precisely the right point.Amazon sells it at a competitive price to other retailers , both brick and online .
 After a thorough search of competitive compasses I selected the Brunton 15TDCL based on features and price.The unit build is very good . Etchings and letters are sharp and defined . The rotating bezels move smoothly . And the needle swings with no hicups . This should be all I need for hiking.I do have one negative comment that really has no influence on the operation . The small little screw driver included to adjust the declination is poorly made and difficult to use on the recessed set screw . Stripping the screw head slot on the new companss was a real concern as the alignment never felt secure . Using a jewelers screw driver can eliminate the problem but the ones I purchased were steel and slightly magnetic right out of the box.Other than the screw driver issue there are no problems
 I 'm so glad I researched compasses because the old standby compass that was the industry standard is now made by Brunton so you ca n't go by the old name anymore -LRB- I do n't recall what it was -RRB- . This compass has all the nice extras that make it very easy to use including the mirror and declination adjustment . The instructions did n't say how to adjust for declination , but you use the attached screwdriver blade on the screw at the top of the bezel ring . Get a good navigation book -LRB- I recommend `` Map & Compass '' by Bjorn Hjellstrom -RRB- .
 Note that this is the real deal , made in Sweden not in China . Worth every penny . This is the Compass you can pass down to your grandson or granddaughter ...
 After about 30 years of using my trusty simple Silva Compass for SAR work and regular hiking , I finally decided that I would get a all in one compass and I could eliviate about 3 pieces of equipment , a grid reader , a signal mirror and a magnifying glass and this one will give me a inclinometer -LRB- even though usually I really do n't want to know the grade of the hill/mountain I am about to climb till after -RRB- . Amazon had the best price I could find for the 15TDCL and delivery was flawless , I am impressed with the quality however could have done without the sticker with a free offer on the mirror that is near impossiable to remove , despite that all is great .
 Special gift of sons love for Broncos . He is 35 years of age and he jumped for joy . Great gift
 Did a lot of searching for these helmets for my grandsons . These were the same quality for half the price . Arrived two days earlier than expected . Highly recommend .
 I just purchased three of the mini helmets by Riddell for my family for Christmas , Cowboys for my sister , Patriots for my daughter and Broncos ... well , for me . I inspected all three helmets when they got here and they were all three perfect and the decals were firmly in place . For my family , anyway , they will end up on display with the rest of our fan collectibles . While researching these helmets I saw many that were this mini helmet that had been signed by several different players going for $ 90 to $ 150 dollars . There were two helmets -LRB- a throw back and this one -RRB- signed by John Elway going for well over $ 250.00 . I think I would buy a regulation helmet though if I were spending that kind of money . Great Helmets here !!!
 Great product , high quality mini-helmet . Great for fans and fits perfectly on my computer desk !
 The Brunton Classic map compass is excellent for kids and beginners.This compass is especially useful for the kid or beginner who is reading `` Be Expert '' by Bjorn Kjellstrom .
 I needed to teach several boy scouts how to navigate with map and compass . Since I was buying several compasses at once I wanted one that was n't too expensive but would do the job AND could be set for magnetic declination.This one was perfect for that job . Also , my compass -LRB- Suunto M-2 I think -RRB- requires a tiny tool to set mag . declination which a kid is probably going to loose . This compass does n't need any tool.Update
 whether on the road or in the woods ! Great item . speedy delivery - great seller
 This compass does a fine job of indicating North , South , East and West .
 I was impressed with how fast this came in . It 's exactly as advertised , and looks great !
 This model of compass - the Brunton 15TDCL - has been highly regarded for several years and has recently been hard to find . Botach has it at a great price and shipped it quickly . There have also been questions about where newer ones have been made -LRB- China , US etc -RRB- . The one I received from Botach was actually manufactured in Sweden by Silva - it is plainly labelled right on the package . It has a lifetime warranty through Brunton and there is no warning about hazardous materials . It looks to me like this is the one to get .
 Got this compass for half the Amazon price OF the 360 degrees version . This compass divides the 360 degrees in 90 degree segments.Easier to do north east/west or south east/west measurements.Same compass quality . Price went up after I bought it . Still cheaper than the other one .
 This compass is very well made , very good workmanship , all of these , together with a very good price , make for a very good purchase .
 I would have given this thing 5 stars but the little nobs guild on keep breaking under normal use . No problem , just a little super glue and it back to normal . But still , the rest of the unit is made solid why not the 2 little white nobs ?
 Well , this one is the ` one . ' The best compass to have in the field since it has adjustable declination , a good sighting , the mirror , and it 's built with quality . I now have a pile of imcomplete compasses that I will not be taking with me . Thank you for incorporating all the right features on this unit -LRB- reasonably priced too ! -RRB-
 Has all the options I need and works great . Have n't taken it out in the field yet , but took to a couple navigation classes and it has always worked as well or better than my classmate 's compasses .
 I had an old , OLD Brunton mirrored compass that I bought back in the late 1970 's - it got many years of hard use , as I worked summers for the Forest Service and Fish and Wildlife . In recent years it has n't gotten much use , but when I pulled it out to use with my son 's Cub Scout campout , I found that the housing had cracked , and there was a large air bubble in with the needle . I contacted Brunton and they sent me an RMA , and I returned the old compass hoping for repair . Less than a week later , I received a brand new compass -LRB- Model 8040G , with more features than my original -RRB- , no charge.Brunton has a lifetime warranty on their products , and they stand behind them - OUTSTANDING JOB , Brunton !
 Compass is good . The temp gauge helps as well as the signal mirror . Dial is nice and visible as well .
 Good for taking bearings and for determining slopes - easy to find with neon color and neon attachment cord . The price is competitive .
 I have a Garmin GPS 60CSx and wanted a standard magnetic compass as a backup . After considerable research I settled on the Brunton 8040 . I felt it had all the features I needed . The needle settles very quickly and appears to match the GPS . I especially like the declination adjustment feature . When I set my GPS to `` True North '' , the heading is in sync with the Brunton 8040 with the declination adjusted . The only thing missing that I can see is that there are no luminous dial or points . I did need to adjust the thermometer about 6 deg by sliding it down and then regluing with contact cement . Overall this compass will work fine for me .
 I am size small to medium and with sports clothes I 'm usually x-small . I got small with these and they fit snug and well around my tummy but kind of tight around my shoulders . I am not especially large or anything , so these are simply tight . They look nice of the body and makes my waist look slimmer and my tummy tighter , Sexy and sporty .
 I bought my wife a Brunton Rally for her Jeep Wrangler . Originally , I mounted it in the center of the dashboard and she mentioned that it indicated NW intermittently - even times she knew she was driving straight South . When the compass was moved away from that location , it read accurately . Apparently , a magnet in the stereo was throwing it off.I moved it to a position straight in front of the instrument pod and have not had a problem since . It has a great classic look in a 4X4 and it has never let us down.Check your mounting location first for stereo , speaker or motor magnets .
 Before buying a product I know nothing of , I do lots of research on the Internet . I first tried a Ritchie compass for my car -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- , but its accuracy was questionable . I then focused on a Silva 58 , made in Sweden , but the cost was high . Further research showed that Amazon sells a Brunton Nexus -- which is made by Silva and is exactly the same model as the Model 58 , for an incredible price . The shipping was free , it came in three days , and it looks and works great . It has comnpensators that you can adjust , but I did n't need to . Attaches to the center of my dash , very easy to read and always accurate . Overall , a great product at a great price .
 I travel around the area to teach CPR and First Aid classes . The compass serves me well when my internet maps fail me.I was a little disapointed when I found the lighting has no connecters but only wires to connect to a voltage source . Not a big problem though .
 Works well , much better than the cheap ones . It 's screw adjustments easily compensates for engine magnetism . The same settings work for both my vehicles , a 4 cylinder VW and a six cyclinder Dodge minivan . I mounted it with velcro so I 'd be able to move it between them and so did n't hook up the light .
 I must admit I like it . The compass is very precise and the brass case feels nicer to hold than a plastic case . Outside of that , the compass does and feels like it should . I would , however , recommend a cheaper plastic cased compass for those who do n't use a compass that often . Enough said .
 Product arrived on time , as advertised . It is good looking and just exactly what my husband wanted .
 My mom has one just like this but hers came from my great grand-father . I bought two of these ; gave one to my brother and the other to my friend . I played around with the one I gave to my friend . It is very sturdy , reliable with direction and if you drop it several times or if it gets stepped on by a heavy person the needle is still in balance . Great for hiking and needing to tell where property stakes may be located .
 The compass arrived quickly and in good shape . The compass is a persion instrument that works quite well
 Length :
 I really like this compass . It comes with a string that you can attach to it so you can carry it easier . It also comes with a coupon to download 5 National Geographic maps , which is pretty cool too . Good for backpacking .
 I found this compass to be easy to use as we go geocaching . I would recommend it as a Basic compass .
 Good tool on the trail , gets the job done . Simple , lite , EZ to read , lanyard hole for neck carry.All you need in the wilderness with a good map .
 I used this compass for P.E. class and it works well I was able to get good bearings . Now the rest of the class who had no idea how to use a compass thought it was a good frisbee and through the compasses across the field and none of them broke . It is a strong and simple compass I like it and I am sure you would like it .
 We needed a compass to use in school map reading activities and this is perfect . I myself had never used a compass , but my husband is an engineer and explained it all to my daughter and me . I 'm not quite sure about the negative reviews , maybe they were not trained in how to use a compass , but this is a great product for the price . It 's not fancy and may not be the best if you need it for some high-tech purpose , but it does what it needs to do for us .
 Much bigger than I expected , but not too big , and seems good quality . I think this will last quite a while .
 It is a compass . . It will show you where north is . What more do you need . Columbus sailed the Atlantic with less than this . It is worth the money ... Buy one .
 with the help of a decent map , this item kept us on track in both Rome and Venice , Italy - first day in Rome it was in the Hotel room - we walked in circles - after that , it was always in my hand - walked from the train station to our hotel ... in the dark ... we were on the track the whole time
 Wow i really like this compass , the price , light weight and is so accurate .
 This is a good practical compass , about perfect for hiking . -LRB- It comes with a lanyard , not shown . -RRB- It 's a good value . jt/VT
 Bought this for my grandson . The construction is solid and it feels like a good quality product . I would recommend .
 This is exactly what I needed for trips to big cities where my hiking Garmin does n't get good contact with the GPS satellites . In most tourist cities , with a compass and the hotel maps , I do n't get lost . This is small enough to go in your pocket , works good enought to tell me where North is . Easy to hold level enough for it to work properly . Came with a coupon for a few free hiking maps from Brunton.com if you have a need for such things .
 I think I bought this on an Amazon promotion . It works great and I am very pleased with the compass . I purchased it for Feng Shui .
 i like the fact that is it compact , has large text / markings , good contrast in color and a great value for the price . excellent product , i highly recommend everyone have this .
 Practical and easy to use compass . . very portable . Deliver was fast and package was well protected . I love it . thanks . David
 Very good product . good size , very light . glows . very easy to read . easy to find with supplied string . good product .
 This was purchased for a young Boy Scout and it is better than I expected . I have purchased two other compasses and this was significantly better for nearly the same price . It was not purchased for an avid orienteerer so I do n't know how it compares to super fancy/accurate ones , but it sure fits the bill for us at a very reasonable price .
 A great learning compass . It 's perfect when trying to use with a map because you can see through the plate and it has measurements on it to calculate distance .
 Handy for carrying and easy to read . I bought it for a trip in the jungle so I could know which direction we were walking , and in case I got lost . Thankfully I did n't need it for the second possibility ; but , always knowing the direction , even when the sky was overcast and no mountains in view , was made trekking a lot more fun .
 A basic compass like this should be part of anyone 's outdoor kit , and this model is an excellent choice . The highly visible markings on the bezel of this model , and the bright colored baseplate enhhance your ability to find and use this compass in the outdoors and set it apart from similar models . Brunton makes a quality product and this one does exactly what it is intended to do . While some people want a mirrored sighting compass for greater precision , that is a different type of tool . Many users are not looking for extreme precision in a utility compass , but instead just want an accurate indication of direction for use with a GPS bearing or to orient themselves in the outdoors . Those users also know that they should not rely solely on a GPS , compass watch or other electronic device when a quality , inexpensive compass like this can provide a reliable indication of direction without needing batteries . A non-mirrored compass like this is handy for rapid use because it does not have to be `` opened '' for use . This one is rugged and because of the durability and low price is something you will take and use on all of your outdoor adventures .
 The Brunton Classic Compass is a good choice for the price . It delivers everything that you 'd expect from a maptop compass ... plastic base , bearings marked around the housing , easily rotating needle color coded for north and south , it even has a place for a lanyard or string to be attached.The size is just about right for either a shirt breast pocket or to be carried in the hand in the field . The adjustment for declination and graduated measurements along the edge make it a most versitle tool.In short , I am very pleased with this unit , and will recommend it to my students in the upcoming compass orienting and map reading class I am about to teach next month.You could do a lot worse by buying a cheaply made compass . This one works well for the right price . Thank you Amazon .
 Of course this compass is n't made for exacting surveying work or the such . For that , get a super-nice expensive one . But for the average hiker , camper , or young person wanting to basically know which way is which , this is a great compass to buy.The gradations and text is easy to read , and the compass is accurate . It even has the ability to use it on a map to determine direction to travel . I am quite pleased with this compass , and $ 10 , I would n't be too disappointed if I accidentally lost it or broke it .
 This is a perfect companion for basic hikes . Not fancy , easy to slip into your pocket , easy to read ... it performs the job of a basic compass very well . For the price , this is an excellent buy .
 This compass is just what you need if you 're trying to navigate using maps . It 's well made and very reasonably priced.The compass is easy to read and is well damped by the liquid inside.This is n't the type of compass you 'd want to use for regular hiking , but it very well suited for use with maps and charts . Since it does n't fold , you 'd have a hard time putting it in your pocket.For normal hiking , I prefer a lensatic compass . It 's very easy to shoot a bearing to a landmark . Brunton makes a pretty decent unit .
 This an excellent , inexpensive compass which I use in the car for navigating . I understand that one needs a sighting mirror for serious work , but I just use it in the car . It has good visibility , is lightweight , accurate , and best of all , does n't cost that much . It 's cheap enough so that if I lose it , I can buy another one , and it 's more than accurate enough for my needs . I like the green baseplate , which allows me to find it in low light if I drop it . The needle is quite responsive , and you do n't have to jiggle the case to get it to move as in many cheap compasses . All in all a good , decent quality , inexpensive compass .
 What can you say , a good basic compass . Seems to be made pretty well and it points north ! Tally-Ho !
 I needed an inexpensive compass for emergency navagation . I doubt I will ever have to use it , but this little guy should fit the bill . Good value . Arrived on time .
 When I considered returning the compass for smaller ones , I learned that Amazon does not accept returns for this item due to hazardous material regulations . Not a problem in my case , but thought you 'd all want a heads-up before purchasing.I purchased a few of these as additions to emergency kits I built for friends/family -LRB- see my Listmania lists -RRB- . I planned to make the kits out of Nalgene bottles , but the compass is a little too wide to fit , so instead I made the kits out ofMTM Survivor Dry Box with O-Ring Sealwhich worked out better anyway .
 I bought 4 of these -LRB- 2 for a friend -RRB- and received them on time . I realized they are n't the exact ones I needed as I also require a gravity arrow which these do n't have . I am not using them for any outdoor activity , instead I am in the health/rehab field and am using them for spinal assessments . I called the company and the customer service rep understood and facilitated a hassle free return .
 No frills - for the cost , this is a great , fully functional compass . Comes with passable instructions for use in navigation . Using it for my first adventure race this weekend .
 I am a really big fan of backup equipment and from multiple manufacturers when it is critical . There are times when I have been doing patrols in deep woods of Europe where I could not get a good GPS signal . That means that you really have to rely on your compass . I have always feared losing a critical piece of equipment . This compass is not fancy but it stays dry and holds up to weapon recoils and shocks pretty well . If I lose my standard issue compass , then this is my plan B.
 This seems like a sturdy item , so we purchased it for our newest Boy Scout as part of his Christmas gift . It looks like just what he needs , and we anticipate many yeas of camping and hiking use from it . Will update our review as the item sees more use : o -RRB-
 Excellent basic compass that has every necessary feature . It does not have a sighting mirror , so if you feel that is a requirement , look elsewhere . Very steady needle , declination adjusment , and a greenish base , which you may appreciate if you drop it in the woods . As another reviewer noted , the base is symetrical , but it does have a pointing arrow -- so you should n't really have a problem with pointing it the correct direction . If there was one thing I would change , though , it would be to have the ` direction of travel ' arrow side of the base longer.Terrific price , too . It would be pretty cheap to buy a spare .
 Great Value . I got these for my 11 Year old Scouts . It 's perfect for what we 're doing , beginning orienteering . If you need something more advanced this may not be the stable platform for you . But for beginning Boy Scouts . They eat up this compass . A rock solid beginner compass .
 Basic compass but has all the markings needed . Works as promised . Happy with purchase .
 I really thought that a compass would point at the letter representing the direction that I was facing . I was mistaken . It 's a little more complicated than that . I called the company and a very nice guy named Mark carefully explained how to use this compass . It was not as I had imagined . But it does indeed work . Just yesterday I needed to find my way home from Long Beach . I remembered my tutoring from Mark and figured out which direction I needed to go . But I wish I had the simpler kind that just automatically points to the direction on the compass that I am headed in . Ignore this evaluation if you already know how to use a compass . The problem must surely exist between the hand and the user .
 This compass is nice and it wasbought for our son , He really likesit and it works well . It is madeof plastic but it not necessarilyflimsy.Nice product for the price .
 After buying swim briefs in sport stores and online , most major brands like Speedo , Tyr , Adidas , etc. , most swim briefs were tight , or with incomplete rear coverage . Not Argonswim , the manufacturer of these swim briefs . In the description of their product they state their sizes run true . Initially I was skeptical and ordered one size larger as I learned to do with other brands . When they arrived , they were too large . I was able to return them -LRB- unworn , of course ! -RRB- , received a replacement that fit me perfectly . Impeccable tailoring , perfect fit , bright , vivid colors , smoothest feel . I reordered in several additional colors and are now my favorites for the pool and beach . Try them
 This is the most compact tool I 've seen that measures both UTM and Lat/Lon coordinates . I like that all the scales are right on the edge so you can use them to mark the map . Have the people selling scales lost in the middle of a plastic sheet actually tried using them ? The slope indicator is great for reality checks of planned routes.The dual UTM scales makes dealing with UTM coordinates -LRB- my favorite system -RRB- a snap . The Lat/Lon scale gives great accuracy in a difficult-to-work-with system . I can now plot Lat/Lon coordinates faster than most people can wade through their GPS menus to change coordinate systems.I 've tried printing various free downloads on acetate , they never last long and the scale is never quite right . The Quad Tool looks as though it 'll never wear out , I 'll probably lose it first . It took a little while to figure out how to use the tool , but with some practice , it became second nature . The Quad Tool has become the only tool -LRB- besides a compass -RRB- I find I need to use on topo maps , both at home and in the field .
 It 's a basic compass that has everything that 's needed for basic/casual orienteering . It 's easy to read , and the rounded base makes it easier to hold in-hand for those quick bearing checks . I gave one of these as a gift to a friend who them took it along on a Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness trip . It served him just fine , and has proved durable . It is a little more compact , so it fits better in my waist pack , or in my cargo pants side pocket .
 Needed for Army ROTC , and met my needs . I would buy again if this one gets broken or lost . Love it .
 This is a good basic baseplate compass that will suit my needs . I went out of my way to get a Brunton compass . The packaging for the compass clearly says it was manufactured by Silva . Next time I 'll probably just go straight to Silva or Suunto .
 7/7/2012 . Excellent compass . Needed it in my car when visiting strange places , esp -LSB- ecially at night , also during rush hour traffic . Yhis just fits the bill . Easy to carry and use . Excellent service from its distributer . It came to me in just several days . I highly recommend this compass.Brunton Nexus 7DNL Compass -LRB- Colors may vary -RRB-
 I 'm using this compass to align my telescope . The compass works great and is easy to use . I can put the edge of it to the edge of the telescope and get a true north reading .
 I bought this compass to use with my telescope and it is large enough to use and see with a red light at night .
 This compass is small enough to fit in a watch pocket , yet it 's easy to read and accurate , within its size limits . It 's marked in five degree increments , white print on black , and has luminous dots in all the right places . It 's not built to do pinpoint triangulation , but it takes up no room in a belt pack and dependably gets me back to my car after a day hike.I actually use the pin-on feature
 My short review of the Brunton 27 LU . First , I own a Silva 27 that I have used for many -LRB- 15 -RRB- years and really liked to carry due to its delightful light weight and small size . The Silva and Brunton LU appear identical with the exception of the manufactures logo on the flip up portion of the compass . Graduations on the degree scale are 5 degrees and are best used for rough navigation though I 've found the readings reasonably accurate and repeatable when compared to a full size compass . Declination corrections must be performed manually . If more precise land navigation is required or if you prefer not to endure the mental gymnastics of adding or subtracting the declination , I would recommend choosing a full featured and full sized sighting compass.I did have one complaint about the Brunton compass I purchased from Amazon LLC . It had a small air bubble in the fluid that dampens the needle movement and is a sign of fluid loss from the capsule . I have contacted Brunton by phone and they immediately agreed to send a replacement at no cost to me.This is a great little compass for its size .
 I have used compasses of this design for a long time , beginning with the Silva Type 27 that this one replaces . I have several of them , tucked away in various pieces of my outdoor gear , just in case . I bought these as gifts for my grandchildren , who are entering Scouting this year.This compass is small , particularly for a sighting compass , which makes it easy to include in any gear . Its mirrored sighting design and 5-degree graduations permit 2.5-degree accuracy -- more than enough for nearly all outdoor situations . Too , this design is tough enough to weather all but the most extreme circumstances.The only real `` danger '' with this design is misplacing it . Words to the wise , and all that ...
 I ordered this because it was the cheapest compass I could find that had a mirror included , and was pleasantly surprised at the quality and capabilities of the product . The bezel rotates smoothly , there are luminous markings on the arrow and dial face , and the dial is transparent on the bottom , so you can place it over a map if needed . The construction is solid , and the cover is attached to the base using a joint with a metal pin instead of flimsy plastic.It 's really a full-featured compass that costs half the price of others , in exchange for a smaller size . The only reason I 'd spend more is if I wanted a global compass .
 A fine precision piece , compact enough not to be in the way , and yet strong enough and with enough features to make any outdoors person happy .
 This compass is lightweight and well crafted , as well as beautiful . My husband has been toying with it and claims it is fairly accurate too . I was able to inscribe the back and it has recieved high acclaim -LRB- from him -RRB- as one of the best gifts I 've given to date . It is well worth the money spent . If you have a person with a curious mind or outdoor enthusiast in your life they are sure to love this item .
 This is something you will have forever . Very well made and a beautiful design . I look for days to find the nicest compass available and to be shocked that is was half the price on amazon . Something to hand down to your grand kids . So precision made . Great Item !
 Very stylish , this made a great holiday gift for my sister on a special occasion . I had it engraved which turned out very classy ! The lid slides smoothly open and comes in a nice box .
 Bought this for my father -LRB- a hobbyist sailor -RRB- for a gift . Not much to say , lighter than I expected , but seems very durable . He was impressed by it and loved it . Did n't have a problem finding north either .
 Perfect for the Casual and even more adventurous explorer . Bought this for my father-in-law and had it engraved at a local jewler for $ 20 . Great price on Amazon . Batteries will always die but the earth will always have magnetic north . If it does n't , we have bigger problems . A must have even if you have a handy digital gps .
 Quality workmanship with elegant look . Great accuracy with a limited lifetime warranty you ca n't beat . Excellent piece for a gift paired with a nice chain .
 I was trying to find something nice that I could personalize for my boyfriend who is a hiking/backpacking enthusiast . This one cost a bit more than the other ones I saw , but I could tell from the picture that it was a stunning piece and kept coming back to it . I received it yesterday and gave it to him last night and it is GORGEOUS !! So happy I went with it . He says it is the nicest gift he 's ever gotten . I had the front monogrammed and a quote about adventure put on the back and he thinks it 's amazing . :-RRB- Highly recommend this compass . Great gift !
 not really sure what a &#34; nice &#34; compass should look and feel like , but I think this is it . Its got a nice weight , complex , but manly details and is a really nice gift item -LRB- purchased mine for Christmas for my sailor-enthusiast -LSB- and constantly giving me directions -RSB- boyfriend -RRB- . the box it comes in is also nice and gift-worthy . I got it engraved for $ 12 and it looked especially nice and personalized .
 For one full year I had been looking for a 20th anniversary present for my husband , a gift that I wanted to be functional , ` manly ' , and symbolic . This compass comprised all of my requirement . It is well made , made in the U.S. and ready to be used . My husband -LRB- an outdoors man -RRB- was taken by the compass . We have it nicely displayed in our home . Since I discovered this compass only a few days prior to the actual anniversary , I was surprised it made it on time to my address . I am glad I bought it and would do so again .
 I searched everywhere for a good quality compass to give to my boyfriend for our anniversary . This is a very nice high quality and stylish compass . I 'm not sure why people say it is light weight I think it had a good weight to it but after all it is n't very big either but I 'm not complaining about the size I think the size is perfect . It slides open very nicely and also I did n't notice from the pictures but it has a mirror on the inside of the lid , which is a nice touch . Overall it is a wonderful gift .
 Bought this beautiful compass as a baptism gift for my grandson . Had it engraved with his initial and the date . What a wonderful gift it made for a beautiful day ! His parents loved it .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 This is a very good sword for the money . As you can see it is a two bladed sword . It feels just as good as the stage steel ninja sword I have . -LRB- It 's fully functional , fyi -RRB- By bending the blades a bit feeling the metal tension , I could tell this is not fully functional . But , a rule of thumb for swords is if it under 100 bucks , its crap . This katana is n't exactly `` crap '' but I would n't hit a tree with it , or if your like me and spar with others , I would n't hit another 's sword very hard . From the feel of it and what I gathered when messing around , it is pretty sturdy but if it hit something hard , I 'm sure it would n't hold up . It should cut through a bamboo shoot if sharpened but not much else . I was n't able to take apart the handle to see if it was full tang or not . Comparing it to my ninja sword , there is a 90 % chance of it being full tang . The one visual thing I did n't like was the plastic/acrylic handle that covers the blades . It gives it a SLIGHT feeling of weakness , but nothing too noticable . Other than that , it is a very beautiful sword and the type you would like to show off just for it being so unique . For the price , I could n't complain at all .
 I picked this up for my buddy , whose a ff 7 nut . I new this sword is decorative , and he did to . It was well put together , well packaged . One minor complaint is that i had to clean the blades when they arrived . They had this goop on there . But it wiped right off , added some oil , it was shining . My buddy loved it . Could n't have liked it more .
 The Kadaj Souba looks great -- even better than that of the images . It makes for a great gift , though it may be useful to advise that it is indeed still a conversation piece and not an usable sword .
 I must say that this is a freaking cool sword . It 's deffinitly for display only . It 's blade will not hold up in a sword fight . But if you like to collect interusting looking swords . This is deffinitly one to add to your collection .
 Wow , I really thought it was smaller like the length of a keyboard , I am really amazed how long it was ... imagine Sephiroth 's sword ... put two Kadaj Souba Dual Blade together will make Sephiroth sword I bet . Quality is awsome good condition . I was tempted to try it out lol but I 'm smarter then that . Edges are really sharp and just need a clean wipe but the sword is very good . I recommend to keep out reach of children .
 The sword was great -- exactly what I was looking for . The only gripes were the strange gunk on the blade -LRB- mentioned in other reviews , so I knew to expect it -RRB- and the fact that the blades were n't the same length . Still , for what I was looking for , it was perfect .
 Ok , Let me just off by informing you that this sword is for display and display only . Usually there is always that one dumb person that reads all of the other reviews that say dont mess with it because its not ful tang , it will brake in a fight , its strickly for display only but they test it out anyway and brake it . I noticed that Im the only one saying that for this one.The shipping was fast , It was wrapped nicely , I had to clean the blades a little and straighen them out some . Normally I dont buy Stainless steel swords but come on , look at the sword . I did sharpen them also . I knew I was gon na buy another one , thats why I did it in the first place . It cut through some tree branches pretty nicely . However , another sword , yeah right . It broke right around the middle of the handle . It didnt take no time at all to brake . Waaay tooo top heavy . From the top of the blade to past the gaurd to the bottom of you first hand is wear the blades end . The rest is wood.So , if you are looking for a very unique sword , one that is different from all other swords , a sword to show off and get attention and you are a FF fan , get this sword . Overall this sword i say is worth buying . -- -LRB- Again , for all of those including me that broke their 's first one off of curiousity -RRB- But please listen closely when I say , -LRB- DISPLAY ONLY !!! -RRB- -LRB- DISPLAY ONLY !!! -RRB- DISPLAY ONLY !!! -RRB- Oh and -LRB- DISPLAY ONLY !!! -RRB- I hope this helps all of you curious people out . Curiousity killed the cat and in this case , my sword .
 I got this sword . And um , lets see , how can i put this , oh yes , IT KICKS ASS . Kadij himself was cool but this sword is awsome .
 I have n't been amazon very long , but i had no clue that they had swords from ff7 available . I have n't ordered one yet , but i plan on buying at least two . I found kadaj 's sword cheaper at another site , but i 'm loyal to amazon , so i 'll prolly purchase it here , along with Sephiroth 's masamune , too . Ca n't wait to get 'em !
 Just what the boy scout leader wanted the kids to have & at this price , I saved 50 % off of what I would have had to pay at one of the big outdoor stores ! Comes packaged in a tamper-proof blister package . Excellent quality , Thanks Amazon !
 This is a great and dependable compass . I purchased this item after a fiasco with a lensatic compass . The Brunton acquires quickly and the dial is easy to read . I recommend this compass for anyone new to orienteering or for the hunter who likes to get deep into the woods .
 First off , I would n't take any of the 1-Star reviews for this compass seriously . One of the `` 1 star reviewers '' proposed a test supposedly proving that the circle on circle eclipse system does n't work . I tried it and have no idea what his point is , as everything checked out fine for me . Other `` 1-star '' reviewers complained of stuff that is easily resolved if you take a little time getting familiar with the 8099 . There were also complaints about some petty things ; things that should NOT justify a 1-star rating - more later.This compass is intelligently designed and innovative . It is also full featured . The hard plastic casing and rubber boot offer superb protection for the the compass dial and transparent base-plate , which has all of the most commonly needed map scales . The Eclipse 8099 has a 1-degree graduated dial , marked for both forward and reverse sighting . It has a magnifying lens over the graduations that allows for easy reading . A separate magnifying lens -LRB- larger than on many other base-plate map compasses -RRB- allows you to check out map details more easily . The rubber boot serves also as an eraser for pencil lines on your map . There is a magnetic declination adjustment , of course , and a clinometer for measuring heights and slopes . Contained within the boot are a set of quick reference cards that thoroughly explain how to use all of the map , compass and clinometer techniques . There is a tangent conversion table -LRB- Card 8 -RRB- . There are map and roamer scales -LRB- Card # 6 -RRB- Cards 9-11 even provide some basic survival and first aid reminders . I do n't know of any other compass that gives you all of that in a self contained package.Prospective buyers might be interested to know that my son was a high speed US Special Forces guy , by necessity an expert in land-navigation . He is very familiar with use of the classic USMC Cammenga Lensatic compass and he says he 'd much rather use my 8099 . Now for some of the complaints that supposedly get this item a 1-star rating : `` The circle over circle alignment system does n't really work '' - This is bogus nonsense or - if you prefer - BS . As I said above , I tested the fellow 's theory and the compass checked out fine . If it did n't work out for him , he apparently was not using the mirror sighting lens correctly . `` It 's hard to open the case completely '' - The protective rubber shoe should be thumbed off first , which is easy enough . If the opening the case completely is still too hard for you at that point , you are probably too delicate to risk being outdoors anyway and might do better to just stay home . `` It got a bubble '' - Maybe there are compasses out there that will never get a bubble but having used several brands and models , I do n't know of any . I confess - my 8099 compass developed a bubble when I took it out on an early winter camping trip a few years ago . Cold temperatures do that to compasses because the damping fluid within the capsule contracts . Set them out in the sunshine on a hot summer day and the bubble goes away -LRB- or at least shrinks to near nothing -RRB- . Anyway , since this compass does n't use a traditional needle , bubbles present no functional problem.One more remark has to do with value . When originally introduced - at a retail price of about $ 80.00 - the Eclipse 8099 was pretty pricey . But at the current pricing - about $ 30.00 less - the Eclipse 8099 offers what I consider to be very good value .
 I got this compass because many on the net have referred this as the best compass on the market . I think this may be too much for most users but if you want the best this is it . Its a professional grade product with a lifetime warrantee so you cant really go wrong . Its a little bulkier than most other compasses I have used but it does have a nice rubber housing which doubles as a pencil eraser -LRB- for erasing pencil marks on topo maps -RRB- and a bunch of referenc cards housed behind the compass . This compass includes an inclinometer for measuring slope grades but I have not had the opportunity to use this feature . Good for orienteering , SAR work , professional pursuits ... but might be overkill for general outdoor use .
 The Eclipse is great ! Looks good , has huge aray of uses , and functions well in the field . Comes with great directions in booklet form and also cards which neatly fit in the compass consule to take with you . After jostling along in a fanny pack , carrier , etc. . . it does take a couple of seconds to wake up -LRB- free spin -RRB- once you take it in hand to use it . But once the needle is free - it works flawless . Very Nice !
 This is the ideal amateur field surveyor compass . It is easy to sight a bearing , but more importantly , the magnetic declination can be preset .
 Recommended by the S&R team as a primary or backup compass as well as map tool . Well done Brunton .
 My son loved this . He is studying at UNLV for Geology and it was the perfect gift at a great price .
 The limited description of this compass did not do it justice . The main body of the compass is surrounded by a tough grey plastic that comprises the cover and the sighting reflector . I say reflector as this is really a reflecting tape and not a mirror of either plastic or glass . The tape used however is of fairly high quality and gives a very clear and flat reflection with no distortion . If the tape ever becomes damaged from use it should n't be too difficult to replace . My guess is that was why they chose this method , not to mention the obvious cost savings in production . The entire unit and cover seat firmly in a dense black rubber base . The base cushions the compass appropriately during hard use and has a location for the included lanyard . The compass comes with a full instruction booklet , but since that is difficult to bring along a miniature version of the booklet and other handy guide cards are seated under the compass for emergency use . The dial is quick and extremely accurate . The dial also appears to be fluid filled and my guess is it would be filled with mineral oil like high grade automotive gauges . This would be to minimize shock to the dial when dropped.This compass does more than simply point you in a straight line as others do . This is a full navigational instrument designed to be utilized with maps . My compass even came with a code for five free maps from National Geographic . There are a lot more features on this compass than I was expecting . There was a definite reason this was chosen by many other reviews online as the best hiking compass out there , and it does not disappoint . I can not wait to take this on my next trail adventure !
 Have n't yet used this product yet but the quality is terrific and I 'm looking forward to learning how to use a compass and being more self sufficient ... and not getting lost !
 This compass tells all the information you need so you wo n't get lost.You want to know the lay of the land ? This compass is all you need.Excellent instructions and just large enough so you don , t have to squint to see what you are looking at . Great compass !
 Being a field geologist , this little fellow has been with me on many trips to the mighty himalayas in India where I live . Only issue with this model is the absence of a bulls eye , which is a must for geologists , to measure strike direction of rock beds . So i mounted one on it , and VOILA.it works great , is lightweight , as compared to a regular Brunton compass.I would recomment the model wth a bulls eye on it to every geologist on this earth .
 Used Brunton 8099 Eclipse Compass
 I am a search and rescue technician -LRB- SARTECH I -RRB- certified by NASAR -LRB- National Assoc For Search and Rescue -RRB- . I have used at least a half dozen compasses over the past 10 years and find this model to be far superior to anything else I have tried . It does a lot of things and it does them all well . There is a steep learning curve in the beginning but once you figure it out -LRB- it comes with directions for many common operations -RRB- you will love this compass . If you have a topo map and this compass , you ca n't get lost .
 ... as mentioned . A little sluggish when using the clinometer part though . No problem of any sort in the compass part.Pros : - tough shell casing - comes with a lanyard - comes with a Nat Geo map download promoCons : - need to shake a bit to make the clinometer workThis is just right for the price . I could just bought the clinometer app but that is not allowed .
 I got this compass for use in hill country -LRB- like the Ozarks -RRB- and it works great . Is has great features and seems to be built very rugged . If your looking for the best compass on the market , this is it . Nothing negative to say about it .
 I know . . a GPS can do better , but this is the `` slide ruler '' of a calculator , and it 's fun to use . Great to reflect into the experience on countless persons who relied on it for survival .
 I am trying to collect the entire league . I 'm so happy with these helmets . I have never been disappointed with them .
 I love these helmets ... Im trying to collect every NFL team . I figure if I buy one division a year to limit my self . Im a huge bears fan and I love setting the bears helmet and who ever they are going to beat up above my TV .
 I rember not so long ag I only had my fav team the detroit lions and since then I have gotten 21 more riddel and love them always get complements on these mini helmats I. Would tell any one who loves the nfl get the set u will love the um . Kevin edwards
 It was a great Riddell helmet and the gift recipient loved it ! I would definitely recommend this to anyone interested ! Fast delivery , easy transaction , reasonable price !
 It said it was a used product . My sister said it was perfect . Looked new . I plan in buying more used products in the future to save money .
 I ordered this to keep on my desk at work , mainly to stick it to the poser Cowboy fans around here . Everything is great about it , except for the fact that the team sucks . Fire Kubiak !
 This is a good quality shirt with good embroidery . I am not even a Tribe fan ! I didnt pay regular price though so my review is skewed . I bought it through The GOld Box at a substantial discount .
 I was very pleased with the quality of this shirt . It was soft to the touch and very well made .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 Great product , high quality helmet about 1/3 the size of normal size , perfect for display . Will purchase a helmet for all college and professional favorite teams .
 This helmet is as cute as can be . Great little knick nack for the football fan in your house . Must buy !
 fast shipping and nice looking product . my uncle is a huge Miami fan so this is a perfect gift for xmas for him
 Simple but well constructed ... great for getting autographed . Looks very realistic and makes a great gift . Colors are bright and true to the dolphins colors ... Vibrant and durable ... great for collectors ...
 Product was in great condition and sold at a very good price for mini helmets
 Great product . Very happy .
 I ordered this helmet to take to a Sports Collectors Show that was taking place in 4 days . I got them fast -LRB- and for a better price then in stores -RRB- . Great for Autographs and Collectors .
 Loved this little helment , fast delivery , an also was in great shape . Would purchase more for friends and family . Must have for eagle fans .
 Sorry for the bad pun . I bought this with possible intentions of using it as an every night mattress . I really do n't think it 's suitable for that due to the fact that you 'd need to adjust the air probably at least once a week and the pump that comes with it is very weak . It 's powered by D batteries and ca n't handle high air pressure ; the air just leaks back out from the mattress.But for the price , this is really a great deal . The mattress is very sturdy and comfortable . I decided to keep it as a spare bed and use an aero-bed for every night sleeping .
 I love this airbed , it 's very well made - very durable . The air pump is a huge plus being battery operated . Before I bought this one I always had to charge the air pumps for 6-8 hours before use , not convenient when you have unexpected guests , etc. . ! Also the deflate feature on it is awesome too - really cuts down the time trying to squeeze out all the air from it when it 's time to put it away . It inflates and deflates quickly . We have n't had any problems with it loosing air during the night . I also bought the SwissGear Queen Size Sleep Bag which fits perfectly on this .
 I bought my first air mattress ever and I am not dissapointed . It works very well and I have not had to add air to reinflate it in the week I was using it . I intend to take it camping this summer . The pump works very well and the mattress has a little flap that stops the air from coming out when you remove the pump . All you have to do is strike/hit the top of the mattress right above the inflate valve just as soon as you remove the pump . The force of the blow causes the flap to fall into place , thus stopping the air from escaping . I use a fitted sheet on the top and it has never fallen off . It has a great velvety -LRB- sp ? -RRB- texture and is very comfortable . I would recommend this mattress to anyone looking for a comfortable night 's sleep . A great product at a great price . Highly recommended !!!!
 Very good quality . Dome lid keeps coffee from leaking out . Much nicer than other units I have used .
 In a blink of an eye , I had the product already in my mail box . Excellent transaction !
 I fly the indianapolis colts jersey in front of my house on game day . It looks really cool on the flag pool .
 Flag quality is top notch and have enjoyed hanging it up in my living room to show my Colts pride !
 I was impressed with the quality of the product.Assembly was done in no time.My whole family loves it.Our house is the new place to be for the cousins .
 Received the table today . Put it together in 15 minutes . Good quality for the price , great size for small areas . It was delivered 5 days early .
 I absolutely love this table ! Great design and the great quality I 've come to expect from target . The only downside to buying this table is that it does not come with pool balls or cue sticks , but the product description warns of this . If you have a good pool catalog though , you can find a great set of pool balls for cheap to play on this table . I love it !
 My 6-year old son bought this with own money and was n't disappointed . He loves to put the helmet on his stuffed animals to play football .
 lleg&oacute; todo muy bien , el envio fue rapidisimo contando que llega de Estados unidos y el producto esta perfecto . all perfect .
 The helmet made a great gift . My nephew loves it . He is starting a collection . The color is good and it looks offical .
 I did n't realize this ball hopper was so big ! I can big up a ton of balls , and on top of that it 's pretty sturdy overall . For the price this was a definitely a steal ! I played Varsity tennis , and buying this hopper helped me improve . It saved time and etc. : -RRB-
 In general this looks nice and functional and well worth the price . Very easy to put together . One big flaw is that it wo n't stand up still . I may need to tie the legs together . Not sure if it will work that way . Needs improvement there .
 the product is great for teaching a new player and having lots of balls available for practice and repeating the same shot over and over . Good design and ease of carrying .
 This is not a bad deal for $ 21.00 . I use this to hold Gamma Quick Kids 36 ' Tennis Balls . This holds about 50 - 60 of the red tennis balls for kids.It was easy to assemble but there were a bunch of washers left over?It is a good idea to have some cable ties and a velcro strap ... the cable ties are to hold the basket together at the base and the velcro strap is for the lid.I am not sure how long the the plastic tubing/air hose on the handles will last .
 This ball hopper is easy to put together and affordable , you will get the balls off the court in no time . Just some advice - do not leave it out in the rain because it will rust !
 Now I do not have to bend down and pick up Tennis Balls I hit to my 5 yo Grand daughter . Holly is a great Tennis Ball hitter but not so great on picking them up ! This Product makes life easy for me as I want to encourage her to play Tennis as it is such a wonderful sport .
 this perhaps the lowest price pickup you can found , very easy to setup and can hold upto 75 balls , and fits the compact trunk.If you want to feed your kids it is a good choice , use this pickup and buy 75 Penn coach in walmart , cost only 50 bucks.it is also perfect to practice your serve.anyway , it is just a very low end stuff , not stand perfect steady and a bit heavy with full load of balls.Overall , i am very happy/w my purchase
 This is basically the same ball hopper I had 20 years ago with a few minor set backs . The first issue was that 20 years ago , the basket was one piece , now the four sides are screwed together , so you constantly have to worry about the nuts getting loose and loosing them . The other issue is that it takes a lot of muscle to get the legs into the notches to get it to stand up . I can do it , but I 'm pretty sure my wife would not be able to . With the legs int he notches , it 's pretty stable . Once you do get the legs in the notches , it takes some more muscle to get them out . Overall , I think it was a good choice .
 I like this product . It works well for teaching my two young kids and holds around 75 ball . Very convenient and not too big that it wo n't fit in my car .
 Compared to other ball holders , this is the way to go . Very functional and ca n't beat the price ! There 's not another product that can hold 75 balls at this price .
 What a great price . Well made product . Super fast service . Would definitely order again due to the fantastic service i received .
 Some other reviews say this is not a good hopper , but what can you really expect for around $ 20 ? It works . I am not nice to it . I toss it in my trunk and pretty much manhandle it . No screws have popped out , nothing weird happened . Sometimes the top pops open in my trunk and a couple of balls fall out ... It sits at a good height and makes transporting balls and practicing service very easy.Seriously ... $ 20 . Worth every penny .
 Wow I can fit a whole lot of balls in there . It 's working nicely . It 's a sturdy construction . It 's a little heavy though . When you are tired and feeling a little lazy that weight really gets to you . It probably weighs ow about 5-7 lbs . It 's a nice cage though . I just got it
 The Wilson Ball Hopper does a great job picking up the balls . If is sometimes hard to bring down the arms and stand it up to serve balls . Both of my kids -LRB- 9 and 4 years old -RRB- pinched their fingers trying to set it up as a basket for me to feed them balls . I think it is great deal for the price .
 I just started playing and this is a great item for practicing . I love the fact that it stands and then folds so u can carry it . The only things that bother me is the locking of the legs and then the closing . I still do n't think that is a large issue , still a great buy .
 We are newly retired , and have each attempted to take up tennis a few times over 50 years . We 'd take lessons and then get involved in other than tennis and it never went anywhere . Well my wife decided to do it again and her buddy tennis instructor in another state told her to get one of these.It actually made a difference , because she could get enough practice in in a couple of hours a week of me pitching to her and her hitting or serving , to get good enough to play for the first time in her life.Now , a couple of months later , she is actually playing with 3 of her friends every week and doing pretty well . I am astonished.Get the Gamma ball hopper easy go wheels , to go on it , to make it easy to drag around . You 'll want 4 or 2 with a separator . Glue the two halves of each wheel together .
 This product is excellent for anyone just getting into the game of tennis . For the price range , this hopper is a great option compared to what you 'll find in most sporting good stores . I 've seen some reviews say it is n't very durable , but I 've been using mine for several months now without issue . It sits in the trunk of my car and I only bring it out when I 'm using it.I imagine it 's not built to withstand hours and hours of teaching lessons with everyday , but for the casual player it 's more than fine .
 Do n't get me wrong it 's a good hopper but it 's a bit on the flimsy side . It 's not made out of a strong/thick metal , and it does n't have a firm feel when you pick up tennis balls but it gets the job done . What can you expect for under $ 20 .
 item is great for average tennis family . It 's worked great this summer . Not like the pros use at the club , but works great for what my family uses it for . I would recommend
 When I saw one of these at the court I just had to have one . It makes picking up a bunch of balls a snap and really saves your back . That said , it 's kind of a pain to assemble , and you may have to do a little creative bending to make it easier to turn the handle into legs .
 Love this hopper . A must have and a real back-saver . Solid design yet light even when full .
 I received the Wilson Ball Hopper extremely quickly from Amazon , despite choosing the Free Shipping option . It was easy to assemble , and works very nicely . Really useful when you go out to hit balls by yourself . I 'd give it 4.5 stars if possible , because the mechanism for locking and unlocking the legs/handle bars is a tad less-than-ideal . This has only been a small inconvenience to this point , since I 've only used it with around 25 balls so far .
 Product is a good buy for the price . `` Some Assembly Required '' , but not in the way I usually fear . Just a few nuts and bolts , and the only tool required is included.My only complaint is that the lid does n't lock closed , which was an issue since I leave it laying sideways -LRB- the only way it will fit -RRB- in my car trunk , hence balls everywhere . A short bungee cord remedied that.In all , I 've seen better , but it does the job , and the price is great .
 Make sure to use the washers when you put it together - the instructions omit that step . It 's a bit heavy to carry for long distances but it 's function is great . Sturdy . Huge basket . I would recommend it .
 it is good quality , but a little heavy . when you try to stand it up , you need stong muscle to lock the legs . otherwise it is good stuff .
 I 've heard about the top lid coming off but that only happens when it 's in the trunk of my car , on court usage does n't cause it to happen . The metal is n't flimsy at all , it 's quite durable . The handles sometimes come out of its sockets if you swing it too hard but that 's no issue , it is very easy to reattach . Just drop this basket on a ball and the ball pops in ; balls wont come out even if the basket is full . I do not believe it will hold 75 balls , I am at 60ish or so .
 Picks up tennis ball as designed . Get it . It is easy to pick up your tennis balls off the court .
 It gets the job done especially if you 're just playing with one other person casually . Holds a decent amount of balls and is pretty easy to set up .
 This was another Christmas gift that has n't been used yet . Hopefully the person we gave it too , will find it helpful .
 Works great . Does its job on the tennis court . Always wanted one from a kid . Bought mine for my son .
 Overall this ball hopper is good . What stops it from getting 5 stars is that the lid does not close tightly . I had it in my trunk and the top popped open and balls were everywhere - not a big deal but a bit of a pain nonetheless . Overall great price and does what it is supposed to do . I would buy it again .
 perfect for our expectation , easy to installatin , smart design , la la la la la la la la la la ls
 We bought 2 of these to use for quick pick up with our ball machine . For the money you really ca n't beat tehm .
 It was a great tool . It is firm and made of material that will last long . The price is proportional to what you get . It 's above and beyond .
 it is what it claims to be and was about half the cost of the sporting goods store . If you are looking to get into tennis and need a ball hopper this will work adequately . good luck
 I read all the reviews and since the worst thing I read was that it might benefit from a couple zip ties , I decided to give it a look and see what kind of a deal this way . Well it turns out , it 's quite the deal . I can see where people feel that the construction , as in the nuts and washers that are included , can lead to it falling apart from loosening itself . After I assembled this unit , which took 5 mins if that , it was tight and quite nice . However as a pre-caution , and only a pre-caution , I decided to zip tie the -LRB- only -RRB- 4 corners that matter in assembly . I 've uploaded a couple pictures so you can see what I mean.Overall I 'd buy 10 more of these without a question . it works as described , picks up balls off the court with a perfect little push from this device . a real back saver and great carrier for lots of balls . I 'm sure most people have zip ties lying around , and if you do , take 5 mins to secure the corners just to be safe . It 's well worth it . Now it feels like a rock . Also , the legs folded down and seemed to be quite stable when locked into place . Handle is nice and long when in the up position . Worth the buy over and over again for $ 21 .
 I bought the Wilson Ball Pickup 75 and after taking it every day to the court I can say it is a great product . It helps me a lot to be able have 75 balls to practice my service , backhand or forehand , besides that it is always nice to hit 75 balls back to back . It is not the top of the line but is very good quality for the price and I will recommend this product to anyone from beginners to advances players . I must have !
 I think ball hoppers are essential for learning tennis , teaching someone else tennis , and for intermediate players working on their serve.this one works just fine . Possible complaints -LRB- minor -RRB- : legs just fit into a slot - could be secured in some fashionfour screws keep the basket together - they can be come loose . Can be annoying - have to watch out for it .
 Hard to review a product like this ... it 's like reviewing a pencil , if it writes , it worked.In all seriousness this is a nice hopper , I like it better than the Gamma hoppers you see everyone walking around with if for no other reason than the clasping nub at the top of the handles that will `` lock '' the hopper closed , that 's a nice touch.The metal used is on the thick side and the hopper has a perfectly sturdy feeling . You also assemble it by fastening 4 bolts that you can do up pretty tightly to give the thing a `` never going to come apart '' feel.The ONE thing I did n't like , is that the lid does n't * latch * closed , it just lays closed . I think it 's suppose to latch , but as you tighten said bolts during assembly , the metal flexes a bit and bows inward on the side just a hair , making the top stop snapping closed and only lay closed.I thought this would be a problem for me since I lay this thing down in the back of my car when I 'm not using it , but because the top handles latch closed , they sort of keep the top flap from coming open , so I have n't really had any issues of the top popping open and balls emptying out into my trunk.The only modification I would have made to this hopper -LRB- and I 've had a few hoppers -RRB- is to put a little metal knob on the top lid * just like * the metal one on the handles , so the top would snap closed ... other than that I 'm very happy with it , would definitely get it again as opposed to the Gamma one.One last note , the handles do come with rubber handle guards on them which is basically just some rubber hose -LRB- I noticed a lot of hoppers do this -RRB- , I 'd suggest taking this off ... even though it makes the handles more comfortable to carry , when you flip the handles around and stand the hopper up on the handles , the little rubber guards can cause the legs to slowly spread out from under the hopper until it eventually falls over -LRB- sort of like someone on skates for the first time where their legs will slowly slide out from under them into the splits -RRB- . If you never prop your hopper up like in the picture of this product , do n't worry about it . Just wanted to give that heads up incase you do so you do n't have to chase 75 balls around the court like I did during serve practice .
 So after waiting to purchase for over a year the darn thing went on a bit of a sale . We bit and it was worth it . Probably should have purchased at the few dollars more last year or when we first saw it . I 'd say it 's worth $ 25 . Super easy to assemble with just a wrench or pliers . Sturdy and quite efficient . We emptied out at least 10 cans of `` practice '' balls and it barely looks one-third full . Anyway , it is easy to assemble and once that 's done you 're good to go . There may be a bit of a storage placement issue as you have to keep the handles in the up or down position to be efficient . We have an Escape and it 's fine on the backseat floor when transporting to a court . I do n't know how well you can transport in a little car . There is a cover intertwined as part of the unit and it 's fine . If you had to transport on a back seat you 'd have to have the handles at 90 degrees and there would be no room for a passenger there . Worth the purchase .
 It is a bit heavy but I consider it part of the workout to build arm strength ! Assembly consisted of four nuts and eight washers . It comes with one of these small wrenches so you do n't have to bring out the tools unless you dislike those thin mini-wrenches . When putting the basket together , you want to be sure NOT to tighten any nuts until you have all the nuts on and adjust the shape of the basket . If the basket is assembled out-of-square , you may experience issues such as the lid wo n't close properly or the basket will be unstable or legs wo n't stay locked . I have not seen any of the problems other people are having . The only problem I have is that the handles are a bit difficult to lock into place because it is a very tight fit . But I 'd rather have that problem than the problem some people are saying about the legs not staying locked . Overall a good value .
 Great product at at great price . It holds enough balls to feed my tennis ball machine .
 this ball hopper is very good and sturdy , although the handles occasionally loosen and eventually fall off . this problem can be easily fixed if you secure the handles by placing them in a spot made to hold the handles in place . this is a great ball hopper if you know how to use it the right way . it was although a little difficult in setting up the ball hopper , but it does come with easy directions !
 I am very happy with this purchase ! Just set the basket on top of the ball and it squeezes though the bars and ends up in the basket . Simple design but very effective .
 This ball hopper works and is easy to use . It is easy to carry and flip over to stand up . It does NOT come with any balls in it . It arrived in a flat box and was super easy to set up-just a couple of minutes . It comes with directions but you do n't need them .
 This is a great deal . One just like this costs around $ 40 at Sports Authority . I put it together easily and it is not even wobbly when I stand it up .
 Good product , delivered quickly . The only issue is that the metal handle comes out of its secured slot occasionally .
 Good product at a reasonable price . Remember , like with anything else , you get for what you pay ...
 This proved to be everything it was represented to be . Great value in terms of what 's in the stores . I 'm very pleased .
 I love this ball hopper . It was easy to put together , affordable , and makes picking up balls around the court super easy . All you do is push the basket on top of a ball and it pops into the basket . The stand converts into basket handles making it a cinch . After you are done popping in all the balls you can stand it up next to you for easy access to your balls . Wish I had bought one sooner .
 My son started tennis few weeks ago and I play with him for his practice . Soon I learned that just few balls in tennis practice is not enough . So , I bought 75 ball pack and this 75 ball picker . Ever since my sons game has improved significantly because we do n't waste time in picking balls and playing again . We finish 75 balls practicing service or forehand or backhand and then we pick these 75 balls in just few minutes and we are back to practice again . Now we spend more time playing then picking .
 One of the best investments towards my kids learning tennis . Now collecting balls is even more fun for the kids .
 This is a must have for those with a ball machine or anyone practicing . I like the dual position design and the ability to use the hopper in the standing position , however it is top heavy and can tip over easily .
 looks nice and works great , had it for 3 months so far.Well got it for my husband for Christmas but I use it just as much .
 Perfect size for practice serving . Balls are easy to pick up . Handles come off easily for putting in the trunk and fold and lock for standing on the court . Love it !
 Have n't encountered any problem that others have mentioned . Been using it for a couple of months ; screws are n't falling off and the handles are sturdy . Good buy for its affordable price.One personal gripe is that it 's so heavy when it 's at full capacity ! Feels even heavier when I 'm exhausted during play . Now I 'm thinking of getting another with wheels ...
 So much easier to pick up the hundreds of balls my dog fails to retrieve . It is functional and fun
 I was a little weary about buying this because some reviewers report that the bracing came loose . Well , after I received it and used it , I found that I had no problem with it at all . The wires that they use to make this is lighter gauge than the ones I see used in tennis lessons but for this price , I think it 's worth it . I bought this several months ago and had no problem with it so far . Buy it , your wo n't regret it !
 Helly Hansen always has great quality outdoor gear . I got 2 of these shirts in different colors and use them often for skiing and snow shoeing . They make great base layers .
 We ordered a backpack and had to return it due to unforseen shipping issues . This company absolutely stands on its reputation of excellent customer service making the return hassle free and non-advesarial . When we have additional needs , this source will be our first choice.This is a rating of the vendor , not the item as it was returned unopened .
 order this product to have some decent workout shorts . . and am very pleased with them . they are very lightweight but durable and comfortable . i ordered them in orange and went back and tried to order another pair in a different color , but they went fast and were unavailable . hope they get more in stock , and i 'd recommend them to anyone interested in some lightweight workout shorts .
 The KMC X10SL is , in my opinion , simply the best bicycle chain on the market . I am astounded by the fact that it is dead quiet . I can not imagine that I will ever purchase any chain other than this for my bike .
 This chain is cheaper and performs MUCH better than the top of the line SRAM chain that goes with the Red gruppo . It 's way more quiet , shifts better , and is generally much more forgiving . Oh , the the quick-link is is totally re-usable and easy to remove -LRB- unlike SRAM -RRB- . I run this chain on all of my road bikes which are all Drua-ace , Red , or some combo of both . I think it 's the best chain on the market .
 I was having issues and noise during shifting so I thought I would try this . It helped a lot . It now shifts much smoother and is more quiet . This chain is also easy to clean . Very happy with the purchase .
 This review is for the gold -LRB- Titanium Nitride coated -RRB- version of the 10s chain.Using this chain on a Dura Ace 7800 drivetrain . I 've always used Dura Ace chains which are fantastic and last , but this time I decided to try this one . I do n't know if I could say that it 's * better * than the Dura Ace chain , but it is certainly as good . Maybe better , we 'll see . Definitely lighter and much sexier looking , which is better I guess.I have about 1000 miles on it now , my rides are typically ~ 50 milers with lots of steep , out of the saddle So Cal canyon climbing -LRB- 2000 ~ 2500 ' vertical gain per ride -RRB- , I 'm 180 lbs , so the chain has seen plenty of tough conditions and has been well-tested . Like any premium chain , as long as you keep it very clean and lube it before every ride , it is quiet and shifts perfectly . The titanium nitride gold plating has begun to wear off of the sides of the links a little , so it does not last forever.One small issue , maybe it 's just me , but the KMC connecting link does not seem as easy to get apart as the SRAM ones . I have SRAM links on my other bikes and used SRAM links with my Dura Ace chains -LRB- for ease of cleaning -RRB- , they seem easier to pop apart , the KMC one makes me work a bit harder to get it apart.Another issue is that it seems impossible to get the gold 10 speed Missing Links -LRB- I like to have a spare -RRB- . You have to buy them from Asia on eBay , no one seems to sell them here in the US . Silver 10s links available - gold , not.Some have noted that the chain comes pre-lubed with very sticky lube . You should wipe this off of the OUTSIDE of the chain with a rag moistened with naptha or kerosene when you first get it , otherwise dust and grit will stick to it . DO NOT however , soak the chain to remove all of it from the insides of the rollers and pins . The factory supplied lube is the BEST lube your chain will ever have , leave it on there as long as you can , until the chain starts to make noise and needs to be deep cleaned and re-lubed -LRB- several rides at least -RRB- . Other than cosmetic scuffing of the gold coating , the chain shows no signs of wear . I fully expect it to last a long time , at least as long as the Shimano chains .
 I completely agree with Gerry 's review . The KMC X10SL is the best bicycle chain that I have ever used . It is WAY quiter , and shifts MUCH better than the Campy Record chain that it replaced .
 I recently purchased a 2012 Bianchi Infinito equipped with the Ultegra gruppo . As part of my upgrades to the drivetrain I bought the KMC X10SL chain , an Ultegra cassette 12-25 -LRB- as part of some sort of cost-saving measure , the bike came with a Shimano 105 cassette -RRB- and a Tiso jockey pulley set . -LRB- Note
 Easy to maintain with the powerlink.Smooth running.Last a long time.Never had a failure.Lightweight .
 This is a great chain . Never really considered a chain quiet before now , especially when the manufacturer claims it to be so . I was using a wipperman and decided to give the KMC a try . I have seen this chain spec 'd on lots of bikes from specialized with mixed drive train parts , so I ordered it . So far so good . I am using the chain with Dura Ace 7800 parts , and none of them were new along with the chain . No slipping , great shifts and it 's much quieter than the wipperman chain . The missing link was a little more difficult to install than similar styled chains , but it definitely felt secure once I was able to engage the pins . I hope the chain is still easily breakable for cleaning , otherwise it wo n't be much different from a shimano chain . Give this a try , it 's definitely worth it .
 I switched from Shimano 6600 chain . My old chain was well maintained but the XC10SL showed a big difference . The XC10SL chain gave superb feeling of pedaling , quietness , smoothness of shifting . It is totally amazing . KMC X10SL was 260 g -LRB- 9.1 oz -RRB- including a pair of missing link and DX10SC was 280g -LRB- 9.8 oz -RRB- without a missing link . I would say the weight is not the point to buy this chain . I assume X structure works well for the shifting . The new chain is greasy and you need to wipe out surface before the first test ride . It comes with a pair of missing link but still I needed to cut the chain with a chain cutter to adjust the chain length . Missing link should be useful for the future maintenance to remove the chain from the bike .
 this chain replaced a well worn dura ace chain on my 2007 tarmac pro . WHAT A DIFFERENCE !!! shifts smooth as butter , very quiet and the gold look goes perfect with the paint job . really ca n't complain about performance , these guys know how to make chains ... the only weakness - if you can call it a weakness - was that the chain had a ton of grease on it out of the package . i did n't clean it off before my first ride , thinking that it 's supposed to be that way . a lot of dirt got trapped on the chain after a 2hour ride on a coastal road . i wiped off most of it right after and it has n't been a problem since.if you are thinking about it , go for it , you wo n't regret it .
 I really love this shirt because it is extremely comfortable ! The screen print is still extremely visible ... even after several washes .
 I had an excellent experience with this company who is selling this shirt . At first my tracking number was wrong and they got it fixed right away when I e-mailed them . The shirt is high quality !!! The only thing I noticed is that in the picture on Amazon the shirt looks like a lighter blue but it is actually navy blue . That 's good , more true Bears colors !!
 If you have wide feet , and a wide stance , then you defiantly need these . They were easy to put on with a new set of pedals , and make riding my bike easier without my shoe hitting the crank all the time . They also just make the ride more comfortable , I 'm glad I bought them .
 These added just enough to make me comfortable while riding . Much easier then trying to make my own and construction is very sturdy and mounting is as easy as putting on pedals .
 I have out-turned feet -LRB- the opposite of pigeon-toed -- would that be duck-footed ? -RRB- , so when I bike my heels hit the cranks and chainstays all the time ; either that or my foot is half off the pedal , which doubles the pressure and causes numbness.Pedal extenders are just the trick . This 9/16 ,9 / 16 size easily installs , and is the right size for any `` normal '' bike . Now these particular extenders happened to be too long for me -LRB- 27.5 mm of extension -RRB- , but I 'm sure they 're right for somebody 's body.Niagara Cycle Works was very prompt ; they shipped these out just three hours after I ordered , and I received them days before promised . Also , since I determined they were the wrong size for me , their customer service was also very prompt and helpful , and it was no issue at all to return them for a refund .
 My size 13 duck feet are wide , probably an `` E '' or `` EE '' . These extenders now keep my feet completely on the pedal . I find that I 'm much less likely to turn my foot out during pedaling now . Great product . -LRB- see photo -RRB-
 Well made product . Helps my knees while riding -LRB- Q factor . -RRB- Nice threads inside and out . -LRB- LOL -RRB- They will rust but the steel is hardened and not to worry . They will not rust away .
 I ride a recumbent . I often find my feet on the outside of the pedals because of my seating position . This has help me resolve this issue .
 I have wide feet and I feel like my feet are hanging off the edge of the bike pedals because they actually are . Tried `` wider '' platform prdals , but they are wider front to back . I needed wider side to side . Found these and decided to give them a try . Put them on my Specialized Hardrock 29er . They were the ticket . My feet are completely on the pedals , a nice feeling . Would have given 5 stars , but they seem a bit pricey . Will buy another pair for my other bike .
 wow ... did n't thing these things were going to make such a difference . Probably one of the best purchases I have made for my bicycle ! I wear size 14-15 mens shoes and my feet generally line up angled with my toes to the outside . these pedals keep heels from hitting/rubbing the back tire and my feet are now sitting comfortable on the pedal . would have happily paid 10 bucks for these , but gladly got them for under 3 .
 I bought this product because the side of my feet keeps rubbing on the bike frame . After a relatively easy installation my feet no longer rubs the frame .
 After having an ankle fusion surgery a few years back my right foot permanently slants slightly outward , which caused the right ankle bone to slant inward . After switching to the SBD-SL pedals from the SBD 's , and the cleats not being adjustable from left to right , when I pedal , my right inner ankle bone would constantly hit the inner crank arm on every revolution . When I installed these pedal extenders they were the solution I was looking for . I now have about a half an inch between the ankle bone and the crank arm . There is also no noticable problems or discomfort from my foot position being slightly wider . These pedal extenders truly took care of the problem I was experiencing .
 I am a wider guy and when I rode my bike , my knees were jutting out to the right and left as I peddled . Over time my knees were really bugging me . I went to the Physical Therapist and she had me bring my bike in to show her . One look at me peddling and she told me to get a set of these . It totally fixed my alignment.Cautions :1 -RRB- Know that bike pedal threads are different on left and right side . Make sure you put the right extender in the right side . They do come labeled . Check internet for how to videos if you are not aware of this .2 -RRB- Install with a little grease on all threads3 -RRB- Since your pedals are out further from center . If you turn sharply with your inner foot depressed you may scrap your pedal or worst wreck . This only happens if your crank arms are long and your tires are short . . But I did clip a pedal once and wrecked when I turned coming up the sidewalk at a curb cut
 First let me say that I neither have big feet nor any leg operation that might cause me to use this product ! After riding my trike A tadpole model about 500 miles over a period of 2 months , I had a sourness in my legs at the inside knee joints . I was going to order the 1/2 inch extenders but they were more money then the one inch so I ordered them and within a week the pain went away about 80 percent . I am 71 and ride between 12 and 24 miles in the early morning hours before sunrise , now that it is 28 degrees maybe later and less . I am average height 5 '11 weight around 190 but noticed when my feet were on the cleats they seemed to point in and not straight not by much but enough to make me try these . I can say for me they work great , Jimmy
 I am a big guy ... 200lbs + . I also have a anatomical anomaly that requires some adjustments in cleat positioning . Some knee pain has shown up in longer rides . In all , my power stroke and a knee flare at the top of the stroke have been unsatisfactory . After installing these pedal extenders the most immediate result was a very noticeable increase in power -- I think mostly from a more vertical leg position over the pedals . And , so far knee pain is gone . Time and mileage will finally tell , but initial experience is positive .
 I like a bit more room on the bicycle crank area for the pedals an these extenders work well . Good quality materials and good fit .
 When I realized my shoes were wearing funny because of the cuts from the end of the peddles , I decided something had to be done about the placement of my foot on the peddle . I was upset to see so many wide peddles are actually wide from front to back not side to side . I was just about to have someone weld a couple tubes at the ends of my peddles when I found these . I wish I had them years ago ! One night I went out for about a 30 mile ride and I already did a couple shorter runs too . I still find myself hanging off the end when my feet get sloppy , but it is so much better and I do n't have to be rubbing up on the crank to get a decent position . I do worry about the extra stress on the crank arm because naturally that adds leverage being further away from the mount . I am not worried too much because I do have a pretty solid bike and I did get on it pretty hard . I will of course come back with durability and corrosion updates after I ride though the winter . So far this seems like a stellar product , but I do wish it were a bit cheaper ... maybe then I could buy some for my other bikes . I suppose one pair will have to do for now .
 What a great idea ! I bought these extensions and they go on in a jiffy and allow you to cover the pedal with your wide feet . I actually bought some wider pedals for another bike and spent over $ 40 for the pedals and they are n't as good as this fix.8-30-12 update . . just purchased my second set of these and find them the cure to wide feet and small pedals on bikes . Lots of folks have asked me about them and I give them a redirect to Amazon . I wear a 12 4EE shoe size and this is just the fix for me . I have had no issues and find the added width a welcome on my bike rides .
 Here 's a way to hang on to the thrill of watching the Steelers win all year long !
 bought this fly line to go with my okuma fly reel . it is a great line and works well . why spend double ?
 At under $ 30 it is hard to beat this line . If you bought a pre-assembled fly fishing kit you should seriously consider replacing the line . I did n't realize how easy fly fishing can be with the right line and how frustratingly unfun it is with the wrong line . I added this line to Pfleuger medalist kit and sudden I was able to cast farther with less effort . Even if I 'm not catching more fish I 'm still having more fun not catching them and not working as hard either .
 I use this on a rig for warm water bass and bluegill -LRB- or whatever else may be biting -RRB- . It 's held up well to a year of regular use . Low memory , casts smoothly , and a 40 foot cast is doable even for an amateur . It sometimes gets dragged through branches and rocks , but has not shown any signs of wear .
 This is far superior fly line than what came with my beginners flyfishing outfit . It casts much better and has far less tendency to tangle up , which are really nice features to a beginner flyfisherman like me . I have not compared it to more expensive fly line , but for the price , this stuff casts well and appears to be pretty durable .
 My husband has decided to get back into fly fishing and we found this line on Amazon . It is exactly what he was looking for .
 Our daughter loves being in this stroller for walks around the hilly neighborhood . We 've also used it many times for running up to ten miles . It 's reasonably priced for a solid stroller .
 I bought these pants to wear running in the winter and ended up wearing them when i went skiing a lot . I wore them under my ski pants and they kept me warm.They keep you at a good temperature , not too cold , not too warm.However , DO NOT PUT THESE IN THE DRYER . I accidently put these in the dryer with all of my other clothes and now parts of the material are melted together . I ca n't wear them anymore because they are melted . I am planning on buying a new ones .
 Hahaha . Really , they 're so versatile . They 're breathable and cool in the gym and oh so warm at night in the winter . I wear them as leggings under my skirt when i go out at night in New York City . NO one notices they 're sport pants . They 're awesome !!
 I just received these yesterday . When I pulled them out of the package , I was concerned because they are so light weight . I ordered them for `` winter time '' running . Tried them on & instantly felt the warmth from my skin . They are super comfortable . I actually said out loud , `` I do n't feel like I have anything on . '' I am ready to take them out for their first run . Would definately recommend & want to order another color -LRB- bought black -RRB- . KC
 I love these pants ! They feel thin at first ; when you pick them up , or put them on , it 's hard to believe that they could offer any warmth at all . Do n't let the lightweight fabric fool you , though . My legs are perfectly insulated for pretty much any temperature above freezing , but they 're also thin enough that if the temperature rises a little , there 's no overheating at all . Like one reviewer mentioned , you almost ca n't tell you 're wearing anything.I can only attest to their warmth above freezing because I have n't yet been running in sub-freezing temperatures , but I have no doubt that they 'd be fine in lower ranges as well .
 I ordered these to wear on my runs in NYC , it 's freezing and my legs kept getting cold . These are the perfect extra layer , so far I have only worn them as a base layer because it 's been 28 with winds , but I 'm sure once the temps go up to 35-40 , I 'll be perfectly comfortable wearing these on their own . I 'm ordering a few more pairs to wear under jeans as well and my husband asked me to get him the men ' s version as a base layer under clothes . Great product!ETA
 This items fits very well and it warm . I wore it on a recent trip to the Arctic , and I could not complain , but the sizes do tend to run small -LRB- a Helly Hansen thing I think -RRB- , so keep that in mind when purchasing .
 These long underwear are form fitting , warm and lightweight . Fits well under all garments , even dress pants . I recommend them .
 Great insulation , they keep me warm but they are so thin I can wear them under even the tightest pants ! I own two pairs and would definitely recommend them , I 'd even love a third in the future . I 've had one pair for at least a year and they are still in great condition , as long as you take care of them they can last you years of comfort in the cold , without adding too much bulk !
 I bought this backpack for my grandson , a Yankee fan . He loved it and so did I. the quality is much nicer than I expected for the low price . He packed his clothes in it for a trip to NYC to see the Yankees play . I recommend it .
 excellent bag for it 's price . paid just under $ 100 for it . easily fit 2 boards w / bindings and 2 sets of boots with no problem , but it gets pretty heavy to carry the entire load
 Oh my God ! This is so beautiful ! Excellent quality . I would buy more and more of this item , maybe for the hole team ! Amazing and fantastic !
 gave as a christmas present and was received well . no issues with the product or the time it took to receive
 We buy my boys the box of baseball cards every Christmas . They sit there with there father and put it all together . The boys are now 28 and 25 .
 Very nice quality album.at a great price.I think it will hold up as holds many cards and gets heavy.Very pleased with it
 My grandson keeps all of his baseball cards sorted by team neatly filed in albums . This particular album has held up the best from the constantly opening and closing of the album .
 These notebooks are what I put all my baseball cards in along with protective pages . They keep all my cards protected .
 Came in good condition and arrived when said it would be here . Would recommend to others . Would of been even more desireable if the inserts were in it .
 My grandson was so happy to get this and has it filled already ! It came quickly and was just as advertised . Thanks so much . He will have hours of enjoyment arranging his baseball cards in this .
 Great baseball card binder and rings hold up which is great . Some binders are poorly made but his is durbale and will protect your cards .
 Purchased for my 8yr old son who has taken up collecting baseball cards . The binder is exactly what he needed & is sturdier than one you would find at the local office store . Plus the baseball logo stuff on the front makes it a little more special . Very happy with this purchase . Also bought 100 insert pages that make it complete .
 Got this watch last Christmas and started using it on all of my runs . The top mounted heart rate monitor button is very convenient to access while on the go . It usually takes just a few seconds for your heart rate to be calculated and displayed . The plastic wrist band is also nice and comfortable and does n't soak up sweat like my Timex Ironman , which then starts to smell pretty bad after a few months.Unfortunately , I ca n't give this 5 stars . The watch claims to be water resistant down to 30m , but do n't believe that . A couple of hours in the water at the beach killed it .
 I received this plate in super fast time . It is of great quality but best of all it shines on my car . Would recommend this to anyone .
 it is perfect , just as I hoped . . and more -LRB- love the side panel ball/puck holders ... makes the table tidy and very `` game room '' like -RRB- . I would have preferred the 8Ft table -LRB- best for adults -RRB- , but , given the min 3 ft space needed between walls -LRB- to play pool , due to pool stick -RRB- , the 7ft fit my room best . It is just big enough for adults , small enough for children.EZ to assemble ; EZ to flip game -LRB- can be done by 1 person -RRB- . Air on hockey is sufficient -LRB- ez on/off switch -RRB- . Pool side is smooth and level , professional . Not bulky either due to styling.A bit heavier to bring into house than I expected , but , can be done with at least 2 strong people.Also , the company promo stickers on the table are a pain to remove -LRB- very sticky , needs to be scraped off like car inspection stickers -RRB- otherwise , Love It ! Glad I got it .
 It took some time to put the table together . The directions could have been alittle more clear . The table ends are pre-drilled for the application of a ball holder and paddle holder . However ; they are n`t clearly marked and at a glance you ca n`t tell the difference between back and front.We have had alot of fun with the table and do give it a thumbs up for entertainment .
 So far the kids are now spending less time watching TV and in Video Games . They share with family and friends.The game choice -LRB- Pool/Air Hockey -RRB- is a great alternative to boredom with one kind of game . It is easy to flip for them . It would be a great idea if they include a DVD -LRB- or booklet -RRB- with , different games , rules and tips on how to play or improve their skills . The package is very heavy and bulky and the delivery - unless specifically requested - is `` threshold . '' This means you will need to recruit adult help to place the table where you want it . Once you have it in place it is easy to set up . You will need help again to set the table on the base . Leveling is key .
 Absolutely love this item It was orderdere for a christmans present . I just hope that the person loves it as well
 This was just what i was looking for the flag is very cool and perfict for tailgating on game day . i will put this flag with my other 49ers flag i have and bothe will look very cool when we are at CandleStick tailgating . GO 49ers !!!!
 We love this flag , it is large and flies in the wind beautifuly . I think any 49er fan would be proud to fly it ! I 'm happy with it !!
 The flag was nice and large . The material was good and did well in a rain storm on gameday . The material did snag on something and it created a small run in it the 1st day but otherwise it has held up.Get the right flag pole if you are displaying it in that fashion .
 Price was terrific , delivery was on time and on schedule . Flag looks nice on my new flagpole ; I can switch between my 49er and USA flag quickly and easily . Would purchase from this seller again .
 I have this hanging outside on my covered deck.Excellent color -LRB- bold and clear -RRB- Good stitchingHas not yet frayed in the windGood feel for flag material
 Arrived very quickly , and it was as described , complete with frame and in excellent shape . Very pleased and ca n't wait to use it !
 Very comfortable and feel . No one makes it like Under Armour !
 The flag is exactly what I was looking for . It came very fast and looks just like the picture .
 I got this for my 7 year old grandson . He lives in Wichita Falls , Texas . He was watching the Redskins game and his mom said that Michael is watching his Nannie 's favorite team . -LRB- Me -RRB- and he was rooting for the Redskins . He said he wanted a flag . Well I got him one and now I will be ordering me one .
 The flag is beautiful and sturdy . I have had it outside since I got it 2 months ago and even though the Skins have not performed that well the flag certainly has :--RRB- !!
 I have trained with traditional 4 '' weights belts for 15 years , but decided to give this belt a whirl . Firstly let me say it is made from good quality leather -LRB- look out for cheap belts by trying to split the leather into laminate layers with your thumb nail -RRB- . I do have a significantly broader chest compared to my waist and the belt fits me very well , but I simply ca n't comment for those out there who carry a little more weight around the middle.The support feels great and does not interfere with my range of motion and I now wo n't do heavy squats or heavy deadlifts without it . That said as with any lifting belt , it should only be used for heavy lifts , train your natural core by doing your warm-up and lighter lifts without it . Finally as with any good leather belt when you first get it it is stiff , I always speed up the wearing in period by taking it to the steam room and flexing the leather a bit . Oh and check the `` Schiek '' website for sizing information .
 It 's a great wall chart , helpful for reminding you of the sequence . -LRB- Also , some of the exercise names do n't mean much until you can associate them with a picture - this helps a lot on that front . -RRB-
 i was watchig tv and i saw brazil but lift being advertised and it seemed interesting so i decided to check it oout on amazon . based on the great reviews that it got i decided to buy it and give it a try since i 've been looking for a workout out programe that will be challenging but fun at the sametime . i 've just ordered it and i ca n't wait to get it so that i can start working out so that i can have an amazing body for the summer especially when at the beach in my bikini . as soon as i get it and i 've started using it i will give a review about my own experience with the workout programe . really looking forward to it and ca n't wait to start .
 I really ca n't rate this because I do n't use it . A family member bought it as a gift for her daughter . They seem to be happy with it .
 Item was shipped promptly and in the condition stated in decription . Have n't really used it yet so I 'm not sure if it works . I 'm sure it does .
 These dvd 's are great . I have noticed a definite improvement in my abs , thighs , and butt which are my trouble areas . My thighs and butt and more defined and my belly fat is diminishing . Summer body here we come !!
 I have not exercised in almost a year because theres always something else going on , in a busy day . I try to do at least one of the cd 's three times a week . -LRB- bum bum -RRB- I can start seeing some of the results , but I definately feel the muscles now . It is a great work out for anyone that has a problem getting the lower part of the body in shape . Do what you can , when you can . It is worth it .
 The items were in great condition , it was delivered quickly and as it was shown online . The cds do not skip the items were sealed and in the box .
 I have done this program for exactly a week and although I am seeing reults and the exercises are great , I predict that time commitment to the program will be an issue . The first week of the program is the easiest compared to maintanence or subsequent weeks . First week , exercises last an average of 35 mins with 2 days break . Subsequent weeks only has one day break and some days , involve approx 1 hour of exercise . I honestly do n't know when I 'll get my exercise in . I work full-time outside the home with three young kids under 9 . Since the kids fall asleep by 10pm , I would go to bed no earlier than midnight if I get the exercises in each night -LRB- shower included -RRB- . And if I do exercises each night , then spending time with hubby will just not be possible . I could wake up 5am but geez ... I wo n't be awake the rest of the day to enjoy my `` boom boom '' :D Well , those who can committ to the program 6 days a week with an average of 40 mins a day , then you will definitely see results .
 This exercise set arrived REALLY quickly , and obviously in it 's original packaging with everything in place -LRB- nothing missing -RRB- . I 've read the enclosed printed materials and plan to get started on the 60-day program next Monday . I 'm looking forward to it and have no doubt that it will bring results since it looks like a pretty intense -LRB- but fun -RRB- program .
 I gave this product a 4 star rate do to the product came with the DVDs falling out all over the place . The glue that they attacted the DVDs to did not do justice at all , I had to glue the DVDs back to the box with school glue which worked 10xs better . Being as though i paid $ 84.06 for this product they could of added some stretching routines and put a higher quality fitness band insteand of the yellow one that comes with the set . Over all im happy with the product , I can definitely feel the burn !! after the two day workout i was sore i could bearly walk -LRB- but that is with any other workout program -RRB- thank goodness they gave a rest day on the following day on the program calendar . The food plan looks great ca n't wait to try them out for myself . I will come back for an update on my weaight loss success -LRB- 20 pounds is my goal -RRB- .
 I was hesitant to buy this product , but am so happy I did ! The workouts are fun , entertaining and I can already tell my body is changing . I have had the DVD 's for about a month and do them at least 4 times a week . My favorites are Bum Bum and Sculpt . If I stick with it I am sure to lose pounds and inches and my butt is already starting to look great . : -RRB-
 I bought this a few months ago and absolutely love it . It really gives you a good workout and kicks you into shape !
 This workout video has been a great way for me to get back into shape since my ankle surgery , and it 's just in time to prepare for swimsuit season . You can definitely feel the burn in all the right places.I was really impressed with the condition of the product when I received it . It is totally worth the price , and that 's saying something coming from a poor college student !
 I really like this workout set . It is simple to follow and you can customize it to your needs . There is a booklet that has different workout regimes to follow based on what your body type is and the results you would like to see . If you have a lot of extra padding like me -LRB- baby weight plus some -RRB- then expect it to get you sweaty . Although it will help you to get fit and work on muscles and with continuous use you will feel results and eventually see results ; do n't rely solely on this to get rid of your cellulite or act as a miracle work out -LRB- nothing but time , diet and effort will help with that -RRB- . I really like the weighted workouts however , after doing the cardio axe a dozen times I find this one to be very boring . I usually skip this workout to the last fifteen minutes on the disc and use it as a warm up only and then just change out to one of my preferred work outs being either high and tight or sculpt . It 's just so boring and slow until the last quarter and I find it not quite challenging enough in terms of cardio.I bought the basic kit and have added my weights and bands as I have progressed which I have collected for cheaper at different places I have been to . I did n't want to pay for all the extra bells and whistles if I was n't going to use everything or if my resistance got stronger quickly and I needed to buy higher weights or bands anyway -LRB- which ended up being the case after three weeks -RRB- . I say give this a go and try out the Basic to see if you like it and if it suits you that way you can tailor it to your own desires with weights and gear as you go along . Also once you finish this or find it not challenging enough you can simply shake things up by changing out to a higher weight and doing the work outs all over again - it means you get longer use out of these discs.Sorry for ranting , hope some of what I said helps and makes sense .
 I just received my dvd 's yesterday , and I did the first one they recommended for my body type . I did n't even finish and today my rear end is so sore ! I have no doubt that if I stick with the schedule , I will get a lift ! I would recommend modifying if you need to , and holding a wall or chair for balance on some of the lunges .
 I 've tried other workouts and so far it 's the one I like the most ! &#34; Squeeze that bum bum baby ! &#34; Hahaha motivational while working out ! I can recommend this to anyone and they will like it ! P.S. the soreness after workouts is awesome !
 Great fun exercise routines , cardio axe is especially fun , totally different than anything and you feel your muscles working hard . My butt aches from these past 2 days . I will have to let you know if it really changes me but i just love the workouts . They are great . I gave it 4 cause I am not too hip on the ab workout , it is kinda boring but you are very sore from it , he just does abs a little differently than I am used to.Just needed something different , if that is what you are looking for then this is it . Have fun .
 get ready for bikini season with this dvd set ! it is a bit cheesy but it works ! will have you sore and feeling more toned the first week .
 The workouts are intense and bring sweat to every workout . Two things that I did n't like were , one of the DVD 's would n't play in my DVD player , I had to play around with it to get it to finally work . The other thing I did n't like about it , was I broke the band that was included with the DVD set in the first 2 weeks . Due to the fact that the band broke , the one workout segment does n't seem as intense as it should be , which is kind of disappointing . Other than that , great workout !
 I work out regularly and do various things like swimming , interval training , weight classes and cardio 5 to 6 days a week . This is brilliant it really does what it says it will . I have only been doing this work out for 8 days and all ready can see a difference . These work outs are not for the faint hearted but soooooo worth it . Personally think the Bum Bum work out is more of a cardio work out than they actual Cardio Axe .
 The videos were brand new and came in perfect condition . The product works well but some moves can be tricky for beginnings . The yellow resistance band was the only disappointment with this purchase . The band broke after two weeks of use so I had to go out and spend 20 dollars on new ones .
 I ordered this for my wife at her request . She 's been doing the workouts for a couple of weeks , and already seeing results . According to her the workouts are tough , and unlike the P90X dvd 's there are really no breaks in these workouts .
 This is amazing ! A co-worker bought it and loved it so I tried it . It 's definitely a good workout and the best thing is that it 's fun to do . results come rather quickly when you pair with the meal plan that comes with it too !
 I ordered this program because I wanted to really tone up all over and reduce some cellulite i have on the back of my thighs and butt . These are HARD ! I have done all the work outs except ` bum bum rapido ' and ` cardio axe ' . I can honestly say this is EXACTLY what I wanted . . It is TOUGH , but obviously - it has to be in order to see results ! I cant even get all the way through the `` bum bum '' work out , it is pretty intermediate . I usually work out around 4 days a week doing strength training and yoga and its still hard for me . I am SO sore everyday and i swear after only a couple days , the cellulite is starting to go away and my arms and legs look toner/thinner ! Absolutely stunned and I cant wait to see after a couple months , hopefully I will be at the pool in a bikini ! I would recommend this to ANYONE who wants to tone up and fast ! Well worth the money and the pain .
 I enjoy these DVDs . . It does work . Eating right ... working out 5 days a week ... and you have a dream body ... I have been using these DVD since last August ... along with healthy portion control eating and I got what I was looking for . .
 This DVD set is a great addition to anyone who is familiar with Tv workouts . It 's not difficult if you watch the introductory video first and then move on to the workouts . You will definitely need a yoga mat or something for your knees especially if you have anything other than carpeting . The first time I worked out I could only do 30 minutes of one dvd , the warm up . I really go a sense of the intensity and how out of shape I am . After a few days of keeping at it I was able to do the whole set like the booklet describes . I do not mind the instructor 's voice but there are days when I feel the work out to be harder that I catch myself yelling at him to `` shut up '' ... On the plus side after only doing it for a week a friend of mine saw me at the grocery store in shorts and said I looked toned and eagerly asked what I was doing . I believe that if you give the program a chance and really keep at it ... IT WILL WORK !! Good luck y' all !!
 I have been using this workout for over a month and it works great . I felt it work the first day.However , I have had to return the same DVD two times because it skipped around and froze up . Out of all the workouts included , the Tummy Tuck -LRB- abdominal -RRB- session was faulty each time . I am currently waiting for my third DVD.Although I am frustrated , Tony from Books-For-Everyone has provided excellent customer service in processing my requests . I would give the workout a 5/5 but because of all the problems with the DVD itself , I have to dock it 1 point.I would highly recommend this workout package . The DVDs are not that long and can be completed relatively quickly -LRB- 20 minutes-1 hour depending on the DVD -RRB- .
 Very encompassing workout . It exposes new angles that targets the entire butt and pushes you to get stronger in the legs as well . It 's energetic , encouraging , and gets results . I travel a lot and will take the program with me because it 's easy to take , I can just do it in the fitness room or my own room . The only thing I would suggest is including a ther-a-band that pushes me a bit more . But overall , this program rocks !
 Although it is hard and sometimes I can not even catch up with the speed , it really works and shapes my butt in less than a week . Before I bought this item , I looked at lots of reviews , there are both good and bad . A lot of people claimed that they have problem with the language selection , some of the discs do not work , and they have problem with understanding the trainer 's accent . I was really worried about having the same issues before I decided to purchase it . After I received the product , I am extremely satisfied with it 's quality and result and I 'm recommending this to my family and friends .
 I was rather skeptical about the reviews I 'd read previously , but I went ahead and ordered it anyway . At best I 'd have a series of crappy workout dvds . I just did the first work out and I 'm in what I 'd consider to be really good shape and it really kicked my butt . My thighs feel that wonderful tightness you feel after a good series of squats . Best of all the exercises are constantly changing , so it is n't boring . I 'm really excited ! I 'm not expecting a miracle but a nice firm behind ca n't hurt . Aside from working my thighs and bum , it had me sweating and I started with the bum bum . I ca n't wait to try the other dvds .
 These exercises was short and are right to the point , there is no long term routine to complete in order to see results !
 I am very pleased with this video series . It is consistent to what it advertises and offers a variety of workouts that you can alternate daily -LRB- it comes with 3 DVDs -RRB- . It also includes a resistance band and some healthy recipes .
 I bought this because I had borrowed my roommates copy and ended up wanting my own . The workout is intense , but it is not so difficult you ca n't complete it . It is not as hard as insanity and p90x , but you will most likely be sore after the first workout . It has a great ab workout and my favorite is the `` bum bum '' workout which combines a lot of toning movements with a cardio pace .
 I have only been doing this for three days and I already lost half inch on my hips . The workout is fun , if you ca n't follow a move just dance around til they go onto the next one . I am very pleased I purchased this and will continue using it in my workout mix , the moves are also easy to do while on vacation .
 BBL is one of the best workouts that I have ever used ! It does not only focus on the butt , but also the entire body gets a workout . The workouts are pretty challenging , but that 's encouraging because you know that you can grow and change . There are several different workouts to choose from that will keep you from getting bored . There is also an ab workout that is literally the best that I have done.I have done many ab workouts and am really surprised how good the `` tummy tuck '' is that BBL offers . I have seen a nice change in the way that my body looks and feels . The cardio dvd 's are nice and they have fun music along with fun moves ! It might take a little bit to completely get all the steps but it is so fun and worth it ! I highly recommend this workout program to anyone who is serious about getting toned and fit :-RRB- .
 Some of he exercises are new , others are in some ways variations of squats and lunges set to music . I can really feel it working . It 's hard in some ways but worth it . I would buy it again even though some of the directions are vague and the music is n't as good as I had hoped the workouts are targeted to get results . It 's a good product I saved $ 23 . buying from the marketplace from a great vendor , like new .
 I have been using the dvds when I have time and have noticed a MAJOR difference . My boyfriend can not get over how much more toned my butt is !!! Co-workers have been asking what I did to get my legs so lean ... I can only imagine what my results would be if I followed the recommended schedule ... My favorite workout is the `` high and tight '' After the first time and even the first month of doing it , my butt hurt in places I didnt know exsisted ! But all of my hard work has definately paid off and the videos are worth way more than the $ 65 I paid . I feel so much more confident in short shorts and bikinis . I say go for it !! Your boyfriend will love you for it !!!
 This is an amazing workout . I have noticed changes on my body for just 2 weeks . My metabolism has increased and my appetite is normal , no post workout hunger like i used to when i go to the gym and do weights and the machines . These DVD 's are great especially when you 're lazy to drive to the gym , i just do it at home at my own time .
 I 'll admit , when I first got this workout system I was very skeptical . I 'm not into dance workouts like this and I prefer HIIT and resistance training , but I thought it 'd be good to shake things up in my exercising experiences . I 'm considered an advanced exerciser , and these workouts really kicked my butt into gear . Up to the last workout , I still felt the burn.Cardio Axe
 I 'm on week 2 right now , and I am feelin ' it already ! Like others have said , it is hard work . There has been times when I 've had to pause the video and catch my breath , or do the workout at a semi-slower pace than the people on the DVD . My husband has told me that he sees a different , but I 'm not sure if I believe him lol . However , I DO feel a difference . My legs feel stronger , and the squats are getting easier . This is exactly what I needed as motivation to get my rear into gear . If you are thinking about doing this program , then do it !! As a heads up though , in case you do n't already have weights , a yoga/fitness mat , and ankle weights , you will need them for some of the exercises . I ca n't wait to have a firmer bum bum !
 I would say I am at an intermediate workout level and Brazil Butt Lift is a good workout ! I am only on week one so I ca n't say anything as far as big results but I have been sore SINCE I started ! So far I have completed bum bum , cardio axe and high and tight ; and I thought they were all good workouts . Bum bum is difficult but doable . Cardio axe , well I had my doubts about it the first time I did it because sometimes I feel silly -LRB- and useless -RRB- doing dance workouts . But seriously , once you get the hang of it and actually put some force into it you break a sweat and your heart rate it UP !!! by the time it is over . I also have a dance background so that could be why I thought it was fun , but I do understand that dance workouts can feel silly at times.I bought BBL because it received NOTHING but great reviews anywhere I looked . I 'm pretty in shape I just want to tone up and lose 5-10 pounds . I have done p90x and insanity . P90x involved too much equipment and time for me -LRB- I do n't like to do yoga for TWO FREAKIN HOURS !!! -RRB- and I thought insanity was too hard . I think this system will work pretty well , I 'm just watching what I eat -LRB- not sticking to their diet completely , but basically with some cheat days -LRB- oops -RRB- -RRB- I 'm looking forward to seeing results!All around , it was worth the money . I am not one to pay $ 60 for workouts or gym memberships . I 'm a poor college student and I buy the 9.99 Jillian Michaels videos and used to be a religious Jillian fan . However , they get boring fast . BBL is not boring and contains so many different workouts you 're always changing up . I think it will be easy to stick to the routine and see results .
 I finished week 4 yesterday . I religiously followed the `` Lift & Shape '' solution schedule , and I have to say that I HAVE VISIBLE RESULTS !! First , the workouts are tough . I have worked out in group settings my entire life - dance classes , aerobics , martial arts , spinning , etc. , and I feel that I have enough group/class experience to definitively state that this is a very tough workout . BUT IT WORKS!If you follow the schedule and complete each workout as directed , YOU WILL SEE RESULTS QUICKLY . Any nay-sayers were not performing the workouts as directed , or were quitting before completion . If you do n't follow the workout , you probably wo n't get the full results -LRB- and you ca n't blame it on the program - you have to blame yourself for being a wuss -RRB- . For 4 solid weeks my legs , butt , arms and abs have remained sore - especially my butt . The workouts have not gotten easy , but it 's become easier for me to progress to `` level 2 '' on them . After 4 weeks of the program -LRB- the exercise program only - not following the included diet program -RRB- , I can wear skirts and dresses that I had n't worn in a good while - they had been clinging too tightly to my `` trunk '' before ; now they easily slide up and over without the embarrassing cling.I am scheduled to begin the next phase today
 I received this product about 2 weeks ago and have already noticed a huge difference in my whole body , not just my booty.I was enduring a month long plateau with my dieting/weight loss then received this and lost a half pound over the weekend -LRB- no kidding -RRB- . The workouts are fast paced and challenging , but if there are some moves you ca n't do he has a modification for it . The best part about it is the time goes by quickly.The moves work on your bum bum -LRB- butt -RRB- , legs , thighs , arms , abs ... you name it . I have body parts hurting that I did n't realize I had , but it 's the good hurt . I really feel like I get a great workout and it 's showing . I already went down a size since starting this video series . In my opinion , Leandro is fun to watch and very motivating . He always says , `` Do n't settle for less . '' The workouts are easy to follow and truly fun to do . This set is so worth it !
 Let me start this by saying that I never workout , but having a one year old and going on a vacation with friends was enough to get me to start working out ... . I love that this exercise program has a calendar showing what disc to do on what day . I do find that it is impossible for me to find time to work out 6 days a week , but I do the program about 3-4 days a week . I have been doing the program for a month and can definitely see results . I will continue to use the exercise program even after I get the results that I hope for .
 I really liked the program . It was difficult through . I have always had a big bum and cellulite since I was a teenager -LRB- totally unfair -RRB- . However , this program has given me the lift , toning , cellulite is definitely reduced . I will tell you though , I went hardcore for one month solid -LRB- 2 workouts a day and toning ; strict diet -RRB- but I found myself bulky , like a body builder , so careful if you put on muscle fast , the shrinkage comes later . Dont get scared , eventhough it freaked me out ! I modified it a bit with just cardio days in between one workout and toning . This is something that has worked for me when nothing else has , not the gym , very strict dieting , nor treadmill . I like that you can do different workout combinations for your schedule and energy level . Thanks ! money well spent . !
 I have just started my third week of Brazil Butt lift and I love it ! It is the best at home work-out I have ever done . I was getting tired of the gym and decided to try this workout at home . I feel more energized and am seeing results that I never saw at the gym . Normally I hate working out but this is something I look forward to doing everyday . I love rotating dvds each day whether I 'm doing the Bum Bum workout , scult , tummy tuck , or high and tight . I like having the all the options . It is not an easy workout , but it is fun and you can tell you are toning your muscles . After only two weeks my butt looks more toned , as well as my legs . Also the difference in my abs after doing the tummy tuck workout is amazing . I would recommend Brazil Butt Lift to anyone !
 I have only had the DVDs for one week but have done all the different workouts . I wanted to write down my initial thoughts and I 'll update at 4 and 8 weeks . I 'm 41and have exercised on a mostly regular basis all my life . I suffered a lower back injury in my late 20s that has grown worse with time so I have to be careful about how I workout anymore.My first impressions are I like all the DVDs with the exception of Cardio Axe . -LRB- It 's too dancey for me , I did n't feel like I got a good workout in so I wo n't be using that one anymore -RRB- Bum Bum , Bum Bum Rapido , and High & Tight are my favorites . Tummy Tuck is one tough ab workout . Sculpt was ok , not my favorite but I see using it once or twice a week.I 'm following the Pear solution , substituting 30 minutes on the treadmill for Cardio Axe.They are all rather fast paced workouts -LRB- maybe I 'm just getting old ? -RRB- and I would imagine might be pretty challenging for a beginner . I was n't able to keep up some of the time . You really need to be aware of your form when performing the moves so as not to injure yourself , another reason this might not be the best videos for a beginner . I have not noticed any back issues after using these , but I 'm very aware of my form and take great care to make sure I 'm using proper form.The workouts switch scenes back and forth between a studio and outside on the beach . I really did n't care for that , I found it distracting . I would have really preferred one location . Music was just ok , Leandro was just ok too . The girls are all young , beautiful and in incredible shape so that was inspiring.I will update with results in 4 weeks.So far I do not regret this purchase .
 Used for 4 weeks and saw amazing results ! This is one good workout and fun ! The first week I lost an inch and a half around my thighs , where I needed it the most , and an inch off my waist , all without doing the diet .
 I love this workout program . I have only been doing it for 2 weeks , but I 've already lost 1 inch off my waist and 1 off of my hips . It was hard when I started and I 'm getting better . I ache almost every day , but I love it . Ca n't wait til I 've finished with the first 60 days to see the results . I love that I can feel my body change . The cardio axe is my absolute favorite workout , it 's so fun and high energy . The moves are n't too hard . I hate the Bum Bum dvd , but only cause I ca n't get through it yet without having to stop and guzzle down water . I know it means I need to do it . This is the only program I 've actually been excited for the next day I get to workout .
 If you ca n't feel the burn and you 're not sore the next day ... then you need to step it up . I have never been into aerobics but my regular cardio routine of 30 min on the treadmill and 30 min on the elliptical got old . I saw an infomercial for Brazilian butt lift and it looked awesome . I have always been insecure of my butt , or should I say `` lack of '' . I 'm hoping this work out will help me out in that department . So far I have only done the basics and bum bum and I know that if I keep it up I will see results , I am sooooo sore ! To the people that are giving bad reviews because they ca n't keep up with the steps after one work out , well , that 's just silly . I would think you would want a challenging work out , what good is a work out that 's too easy ? I had some problems with keeping up with some of the steps but I figure that it will get easier as I progress . Over all , the work out kicked my butt , I got cardio and sculpting all in one . I know if I keep it up I will see great results . I am very excited about checking my progress next week !
 This was an amazing workout ! I workout often and this was challenging . I got this to tone up . I 'm 22 and weigh 120lb 5 ' 4 . I would not recommend this if you are not up for a serious challenge . Lots of squats . Must be done in a large space .
 Sooooo , I just received this today . I 'm latina , 5 ' 11 , 147 lbs and somewhat athletically built . I decided to give the bum bum and high and tight workout a try . WOW !!! I can barely walk and I worked out muscles in my abductor and adductor I thought i never had . I thought my gym leg workout was hard , but this is just as difficult and I `` m only using a band and my body weight . I 'm not much for words but if you have to spend money on something to target the saddle bags and inner/outer thighs then this is definitely it and the cardio portion is incredible and fun : -RRB-
 I was faithfully doing insanity program for over 6 months . I loved Shaun t but felt like I was getting bored . I got this program after a recommendation from a friend . I 've only done the first week and I 'm very happy with my purchase . Unlike insanity , there are no 30 second breaks but there are also no level 1 and level 2 drills ! The two are totally different workouts . I was shocked after doing bum bum , it felt it ended quickly . In insanity , most exercises are one minute each . In bbl , the exercises are quick , 10 to 30 seconds so it feels like time flies . I drank much more water during insanity however , I feel like I am having more fun with bbl . I like the tv personalities in insanity better , they do n't have the autosmile of the people in bbl . I also liked how I could see the people breathing in insanity , reminding me to . The people in bbl look a little fake . I may do a hybrid of insanity and bbl ? If you are contemplating this program , I will confirm it 's good for all levels . I can see how it 's much more doable than insanity but also good enough to feel the burn on people who exercise regularly . This is great for people who do n't need much ab work but do need legs , thighs and arms !
 My hubby bought this for me for Christmas and i 'm 30 weeks pregnant so i ca n't do the full workouts , but doing about 10 minutes of the bum bum video and the next day my back end and legs just felt fatigued . and i LOVE that feeling : -RRB-
 This is a great workout for any fitness level.I use body togs on my arms and legs.I also alternate with using my 12 lb.weighted vestFor maximum burn.The music gets annoying quickly but since I learned the choreograpy I turn down the music and listen to music on my ipod instead .
 This will defiantely get your behind in shape ! It is hard work but worth it . The only thing I owuld warn is to keep up steady cardio as well because my legs and butt -LRB- while getting very toned -RRB- also just got bigger . Maybe I was n't quite to the fat burning stage yet ? All in all a great workout ! Leandro is adorable and really keeps you motivated . Recommend this : -RRB-
 This video program is a little difficult to figure out at first . Lots of dance moves . The important thing however is it gets you moving !! The workouts are n't very long but , they are effective . I 've been doing the program for a few weeks now and already have seen a difference in my clothes fitting more loosely . Give it a try for yourself !!
 This workout program will make a difference for your bum bum if following the calender . The instructor does not give you good instructions of what move comes next and he does not break it down like other exercise programs . If you watch the dvd before trying it then you have a better idea and like any dvd , you pretty much will memorize it after a couple of times . If you have bad knees then you will have to be careful with the many lunges in this program . Other than that , this program will do what it is set out to do . I gave it four stars b/c I would rather have had better routine direction .
 video is awesome ! product arrived just as pictured !! would definitely recommend this workout to others ! at first it 's hard to do -LRB- because i was so out of shape -RRB- , but it gets easier & you see results right away !
 The product arrived quickly and was in great condition . I really liked the pricing compared.to what I saw on TV .
 This is an amazing Workout ! I have been doing this workout for about 3 weeks now . It has really changed my Butt and thighs .
 I really love the main Bum Bum workout . It works out the behind , but is also a great 30 minute Cardio workout . The High and Tight workout is also great for saddlebags . The other workouts I am less fond of , but mainly because I have other DVDs that I prefer for Abs and Cardio .
 What a great website to purchase from ! Not only lot cheaper then Beach Body , but handled so profesional and safe . Highly recomend this product and SELLER ! Thank You Dominic again . Eliza .
 This product was delivered promptly and in good condition . No problems with the DVDs . I have lost 8 inches in 8 weeks , without using hand or ankle weights . I just used canned fruit as my hand weights . I have plateaued after 8 weeks and now need the weights to see any more results . I am 5 ' 9 '' and 140 pounds , so I really just wanted this product to tone up and I ended up losing 8 inches without changing my diet , which is well rounded naturally.That being said , this is a good all-around workout . It has cardio , butt work -LRB- obviously -RRB- , stomach work and sculpting . The only pitfall of this workout that I have experienced is that it is hard on the knees . Although I had no knee pain prior to this workout , I now can hear bone on bone grinding when I bend my knee . It does n't hurt at this point , but it 's not headed in a good direction . This was the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars.I 'm hoping to be able to stick with this workout through Spring if my knees hold up.The biggest change I can see in my body is a definite improvement in the muffin top area . While I can tell my stomach is getting stronger and smaller , I ca n't see too much results in the butt area yet . I 'm hoping once I begin using the weights that I 'll see quicker results .
 I bought this product to prepare for vacation and lost at least the 6 pounds expected to lose with the first 4 weeks and definitely lost inches and toned well . I dropped two sizes in pants after using this product as they inidcate .
 This is a great product ! And it really does work if you stick to it . I definitely noticed a difference in my butt and shape as a used this product . The more often you use it , the better results you will have . I feel better about myself and my health . It 's a fun workout too and the music is upbeat ! I would suggest anyone interested in buying this to just go for it !
 You definitely work hard , but it is short and to the point . I saw results after 3 workouts !! I highly recommend !
 Knocked my butt back into shape !!! Excellent program !! Really does work if ur committed ! Great diet plan ... Only thing is the elastic band that comes w it is kinda cheap ... I 'd buy a good one cuz it ripped real easy .
 I have used Turbo Jam , Insanity , P90x and now this.Out of all of those products i have really only kept up with them for about 2 weeks or so.It 's not that i did n't want to or could n't , its just making it a part of my daily schedule was a pain for me.This system however is n't . I do n't know why its different then the rest but for me it is . Not only is it kind of fun / funny -LRB- his accent -RRB- but you get results fast ! Its somewhat easy to do and if you ca n't do certain things they are doing then you can just do the Brazilian march until you canjust back in . As long as you keep moving ! They have 3 different cd 's with about 2 workouts on each . A booklet that has i believe 4 different body type descriptions on them anda system to follow for 4 weeks for each body type . After this month is finished -LRB- almost their -RRB- i will do a month of insanity and then back to another month of this . I planon trying to confuse my muscles and not let them get used to the same workout . I do believe after doing this that i will be able to handle other workout systems better . This is AWESOMEi recommend to everyone who is considering it to just DO IT !
 I 've been doing this work-out consistently for a week and a half and so far , so good ! I did my measurements before and am sure I have already made significant improvements . This work-out system is so fun that you 'll hardly know you are working-out ! If you stick to the plan , there is no way you wo n't see results ! I would recommend this to anyone looking to improve their entire physique . Happy work-out !
 My GF told me about this workout & at first I have to admit I was skeptical about a home workout video but let me tell you , this exercises leaves me dripping in sweat . It 's high energy , easy to follow & a serious workout . Oh yeah & it works !!!
 These workouts are amazing ! You can definitely feel the burn with just the warm up . They are so much fun and super easy to follow .
 I just finished two months of the Bob Harper 's Inside Out Method -LRB- following the schedule/plan he proposes in his website -RRB- . Although it was still a good challenge , it was becoming easier and I needed a change.I was hesistant to start up the Brazil Butt Lift as I was worried it would be too `` easy '' and I would gain weight or the positive achievements reached from BH 's IOM would all wash away . Maybe it is too soon to say much about the BBL system since I have only done three of the videos -LRB- finished two days-doing the pear shape -RRB- , but , I was so happy to finally get the workout sore that shows you what your doing is changing things up , is working new muscles , and is giving you the variety needed . I was no longer feeing sore after doing the BH IOM , as expected from doing it for two months , so this was a wonderful thing to have again . It indicates that the videos are doing something positive.Those as the pros , including just loving the music , the fun that the dancers seem to be having , how pleasant the teacher/instructor -LRB- Leandro -RRB- is , and the excitement of this new `` adventure . `` I do have a few small cons -LRB- not warranting reducing stars from 5 , btw -RRB- and that is that it takes some time to get the moves down . I have danced many types of music in my life and consider myself pretty naturally coordinated with dance moves or any time of choreaography , but these moves you need to give yourself some time to get , and to do them well . Because they are fast -LRB- especially in bum bum and cardio axe -RRB- it may be a big challenge to do them in good form at the beginning . I was all over the place !! I have read other reviews indicating not having problems with the moves -LRB- kudos to them ! -RRB- and maybe I am not as smooth on my feet as I believe myself to be , but , just be aware of this detail and be patient . Would be aweful to think anyone get discouraged from the program because of this.Another `` cons , '' for me personally is that , while I feel my muscles are sore -LRB- again , a great thing ! -RRB- , I do n't feel like I am having as much of a satisfying cardio . I suppose I am used to just having sweat pour in buckets when working out , reason for which I am doing these videos along with JM 's ripped in 30 . I do n't know what this feeling is all about since my body has felt exhausted from the workout , after working out -LRB- like the good exhaustion , where it feels like your body did get a good workout -RRB- . Maybe the muscles are being worked out more so than the heart ? Or maybe , it is just a matter of getting the moves well down and getting into them further for the more cardio benefits.In any case , if you have any doubt on getting this video , I say get it ! You wo n't regret it !! If only for the butt-firming benefits and as part of a program that includes more cardio and/or strength training , I think this would be a great addition to your workout routine . I am very glad I did . Ca n't wait to get better with the moves -LRB- it is so much fun !! -RRB- and to see the results.Good luck ! -------- UPDATE 18 AUG 11Cross out what I said about the `` cons '' above in the realm of cardio . The deeper I went into the moves and the more effort I put into the workout , the more I sweated . It was great !! The workouts passed by fast , but I felt like I had really worked out my areas of focus.Since I last wrote the above/first entry , I finished two rounds of BBL plus some additional weeks of working out to it . This is the BEST workout I 've ever done for hips , butt , and thighs and it has made a humongous difference in my body !! I am currently doing the P90x and am going to continue doing some of the workouts in the BBL concurrently as they are so effective and I do n't feel any other program -LRB- including the P90x -RRB- addresses as effective the targetted body parts as this does . The Bum Bum and High and Tight are the best videos in the program , I believe , and the most impactful , hence the ones I plan on continuing to do each at least twice a week.Seriously , if you have cellulites and/or saddlebags and/or droopy butt , GET THIS !! And put your heart into it . If the ankle weights or the band do n't give you a `` burn '' you are doing something wrong or you need to go heavier or double up your band .
 My husband and I have tried P90X which I gave up on after 2 weeks . I 'm not patient enough for yoga and I need exercise to be fun for me to do it . I finally broke down and bought this hoping to improve my figure since living in Hawaii requires you to get in a bathing suit pretty frequently . I will warn to first time users that are n't very active , the DVDs jump right into fast intense workouts . I am thankful for the ` Basics ' that teach you the moves slowly and how to do them properly . My first week I still had to stop every 15min just to catch my breath . But I am looking forward to completing a session without hitting pause . And it 's FUN ! Also , be sure to stretch BEFORE because they only stretch at the end and you mainly do fast lunges . Just keep in mind that this product came from the same company that makes P90X and Insanity , so Brazil Butt Lift will be no walk in the park ! All in all , I think it 's more than worth it 's money considering you also get a food guide , exercise band , and helpful tools to help you track your progress .
 I 'm super skeptical about anything sold on TV , and I especially do n't trust any workout touted as any different than a standard old aerobic exercise . Unfortunately , I have been plagued by an extremely flat butt , so I decided to take a chance with this set . Boy , am I glad I did!I 'm not coordinated at all , but I can do all of the exercises on these DVDs without falling all over myself . I love that fact that you do n't need to be fit , athletic , or especially coordinated to do any of it . From the very first day I could feel muscles in my thighs and booty , but it was n't that I-sneeze-and-it-hurts-every-muscle-in-my-body kind of pain that you get from some body-part-specific workouts . Everything just felt toned and tightened . Even after just a few workouts I can definitely feel my butt getting stronger.The instructor is Brazilian , but his accent does n't bother me at all . I actually like him as an instructor , because I do n't find him annoying like most other video instructors . He keeps you motivated to do your best .
 I realized this would be hard for me to do . But i am a dertermined kind of lady . I am about 65 lbs overweight . I have been doing this for about 6 weeks . I do what i can and modify . Everytime i do this workout i can do more and can feel i am getting stronger and toner . At first i felt unstable , but now i have more balance . My hips have definately pulled in a bit . I have had 5 kids ... the most recent almost 2 years ago and my pelvic floor is shot . A benefit i didnt realize until recently was that things are starting to pull back together . I believe with time , weightloss and persistance , i may one day be like my old self . This video clips right along ... which is fine with me . You will get used to the pace
 Okay , I must admit I was a bit worried when I read that everyone thought all the great reviews were fake , but let me tell you , even if they are , who cares ?? They 're right ! I started the workouts exactly one week ago , but my schedule did n't allow me to start the diet until two days after starting the workouts . First of all , after a week of workouts and four days on the diet , I have lost 3 inches IN ONE THIGH !! My jaw hit the floor ! I have been following the supermodel slim down diet -LRB- which is a six day restricted diet -RRB- and after that you are supposed to follow his other plan where your calories are higher . First thing I noticed on the diet is that grains are allowed on a daily basis ! I have tried many diets -LRB- South Beach , Atkins , etc -RRB- and I have NEVER seen grains in the first week ! I have been eating brown rice and wheat toast , even Kashi cereal . So , I started at 203 pounds one week ago and am already down six pounds.Also , I want to say that there are a lot of people that say this is not for people who are overweight , what a crock ! I have been an avid exerciser for most of my adult life , but have been inactive for two months due to a knee injury . I jumped right in and have had no problems . The workouts are tough , I 'll be the first to admit . But how much more motivation do you need when you see the scale move and the tape measure as I have?As for the workouts , I find them very fun -LRB- but very difficult -RRB- . I have yet to do one that does n't make me sore . Also , I have gotten sore in areas where I have notoriously had problems targeting . My perfect example is the oblique ab muscles . I have done all the ab workouts -LRB- including Jillian Michaels and Tamilee Webb -RRB- and have NEVER been able to target my obliques and actually feel it . I was so sore yesterday , I had to cough and about died.I highly recommend this workout and diet plan to anyone wanting to lose some serious weight and get into shape .
 I am a working Mom of 2 girls and I just had my last baby 10 months ago . I breastfed my children and saw the pounds melt off ... I was back to my pre-baby weight within 5 months by just watching my diet , without exercising . However , when I stopped nursing my baby around 7 months I noticed the weight start to come back on ... so I researched a few Beachbody workouts and thought the Brazil Butt Lift would work for me . Oh boy , I love it !!! And , I do NOT like to exercise!I just completed week 2 of the `` combination butt '' workout and I have already lost 5 pounds , I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and now 128 lbs -LRB- my goal is 125 -RRB- . I 've also lost a 1/2 inch around my waist and 1 inch around my hips . Plus , my tummy/abs look fabulous ! Yay!In addition to this workout , I count my calories using an iPhone app called `` My Fitness Pal '' . I try to stick to 1400 gross -LRB- after exercising for 35 minutes , it nets to around 1100 -RRB- . But , I still will allow myself 1 cheat day a week where I do n't count my calories and enjoy some wine.I highly recommend this workout and this is coming from someone that does n't enjoy exercising !
 I 've been a fitness buff all my life , so at 48 yrs . of age - that 's a lot of working out . I started out in elementary school , playing around with my brother 's free weights . In high school , I was a cheerleader and did gymnastics and dance classes . In the 80 's - fitness clubs were all the rage , and step aerobics class a staple . The 90 's came kickboxing , spinning , and yoga . At home workout tapes , you name it , I 've done it
 This is the BEST workout I have ever done . Targets all the areas we women need work on , butt , stomach , rear and legs . Great results without looking like a monster bodybuilder . I am a month into it and am down two sizes , and 7 lbs . Do not equate success solely by weight because I KNOW I am losing fat and gaining muscle . My husband says I look better than I ever have and only ONE month into it !! I ca n't wait to finish month two and hopefully be exactly where I want to be . The workouts are hard , but doable . I have no dance skills , so the cardio/dance took a while to catch on but just moving was workout enough and seemed to do the trick . If you put in the effort to do this workout you WILL see results .
 I stumbled upon this info-mercial about 2 weeks ago . I 'm in somewhat decent shape but I have stubborn hips and saddlebags that haunt my life . Once I saw what these moves could potentially do for my body , I ordered it immediately ! The package is so worth the money ! The healthy food plan includes awesome recipes that even the pickiest eater would enjoy , in addition to a list alternative food items . It makes so much sense . The accompanying literature offers sample workout plans based on your shape or trouble areas . The workouts are so much fun , i find myself smiling and having a good time while following the moves . Some of the moves are sensual which makes it easy to stay tuned in . If your spouse or bf wo n't do the work out with you , I 'm sure he wo n't mind watching -LRB- wink wink -RRB- . The step by step instructions are easy to follow , but sometimes I may pause the video to catch my breath . The models on the videos are strong and have high endurance , so I 'll go at my own pace during the strength training moves . It does n't seem like you 're doing a lot of work but I have a sore body to prove it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I got this in 2 days i live in Los Angeles . I am a size four not fat but have huge muffin top , I can hide it of course but it keeps me from going to the beach and wearing the clothes I want to , I also suffer from cellulite . I always saw this on tv and thought I would love my back side to be toned to be able to prance around the beach not caring if something was poking out scaring people . This program is expensive it 's only 3dvd , and I feel safer ordering it on amazon . I like this and will stick to it but the first day I 'll admit it was hard and I was sweating it 's difficult to keep up with . Just to let you know I 'm only 19 and an ex cheerleader at that , and I had a little trouble . Bum bum is hard I saw bum bum rapid and I think oh my sounds worse . This is my second day today I did high and tight which is easy to follow you will have muscles burring that you never thought you had ! If you have been questioning buying this and have the money do by this , I also recommend treating yourself to a Stella McCartney yoga Matt to , as a little treat . I have been doing it on my wood floors with a towel and I 'll tell you its not pleasant . Tomorrow is suppose to be a rest day but I 've decided to go on a do the bum bum . I do n't think it 's annoying how they switch from the beach . My hint to you is to watch the DVD through before trying each new excerise . Give it a try like me you will regret you did n't buy it sooner .
 This is definitely better and more effective than Tracy Anderson workout , the instructions are very clear and I could feel the muscles of the butt working . I have only been doing this workout on and off for about a month and I can feel my butt are firmer .
 I was not convinced to buy this set until I was watching the promo and saw that Victoria Secret model Alessandra Ambrossio -LRB- or however you spell it -RRB- was endorsing it . I am so glad I did ... this video will make your poor muscles ache and tremor . Totally worth it !
 My sister-in-law is letting me borrow her dvds for a month to see if I like them before buying my own . I did the basics and bum bum dvd tonight . It was really a workout . Definitely showed me how out of shape I really am . I really enjoyed that they have 2 people doing the beginner moves . This really helped me on some of the moves . Really hoping that I am able to stick to this routine and get in shape for this summer ! I want to look good in a bikini again : -RRB-
 The reason I am not really into Zumba
 Arrived right on time and in great condition ! I love this workout !! This is a great workout for a full-time student while employed like myself !
 My wife says this workout has kicked her butt all over the place . Great workouts and a lot of soreness the first couple of weeks .
 This is one of the best beachbody workouts I have because it does a lot in a short time . The &#34; bum bum &#34; workout fits into my lunch hour .
 Oct 3 , 2012
 Love this workout ! -LRB- This is my husband 's account -RRB- So this is a female 's review , not male . : -RRB- 1 . It will be hard to get bored with this . There are three different workouts to choose from . I like how you can choose a workout plan for your body type .2 . I am 5 ' 10 '' , and considered obese , and while I could n't do EVERYTHING the first time , I know that by continuing I will build up to full speed , just as I did with P90 . Please do n't judge it poorly just because you ca n't do it all the first time .3 . The moves do go quickly , but after watching it a couple of times , I will have it down when to switch and all of that . I did n't do too bad this first time .4 . I love the different moves , and the speed of the moves . If you have knee issues , just do n't do some of the moves so deeply , and go SLOWER to begin with . You do n't have to keep up with them !!! They do a good job of showing `` Level One '' people , so that you can see the adjusted movements .5 . I have been doing P90 and finished my three months there . I wanted something that would challenge me again , after getting use to those workouts . This fits the bill 100 % ! 6 . I purchased this through Amazon rather than Beachbody , because after purchasing other products through Beachbody in the past , I have had issues with getting the supplements stopped and being overcharged . This way , you get the great Beachbody product with having to hassle with the Beachbody company.I am excited to see the results from this . I 'm excited to workout every morning !
 Last night marked the 6th day since starting the 6-Day Super Model Slim Down diet plan , and I can attest that it really works . My starting weight was 173.3 pounds , and this morning I weighed in at 166.4 pounds . The plan has only 1000 calories per day , so it is not recommended as a long-term diet . But it definitely worked as a quick way to lose a few pounds , and I have felt great all week . At the beginning of the six days , I went to the supermarket and bought everything that was needed to make each meal exactly as stated on the plan . My bill was $ 67 , I think because I bought a lot of fresh vegetables , and I bought the best cuts of meats and fish . Throughout the week , I ate exactly what the directions said to eat , with two exceptions . The plan included one meal of tofu , which I do n't like , so I repeated a fish meal from earlier in the week . Also , I ate a cupcake that was given to me by one of my students on her birthday -LRB- could n't resist ! -RRB- . Even with those changes , I lost the weight.The other component of the plan , of course , is working out with the Brazil Butt Lift DVDs every day . I managed to do at least 15 minutes of the workouts each morning . I 'm still working up to be able to do the full workouts ... they 're pretty challenging . My hopes are high at this point that I will continue losing the weight , and I will continue enjoying the workouts .
 Around the holiday season I saw the infomercial for this DVD several times and kept getting sucked into it . After getting bored with all of my zumba routines , I was looking for something new , something fun and interesting , something that that would work , something that would put me back to my pre-pregnancy pants size . I do want to be honest that I only did this once and for that one experience I would give it 31/2 stars if the system would let me render a half a star . This is why : Pro 's : The workouts blend cardio and strength training which means less time to commit to a workout.They have two ladies in the rear of each workout segment demonstrating a modified position for beginners.You can definitely feel the burn so I would be hard pressed to believe that this video would not work .5 minutes into the butt working my heart was pounding and I was more exhausted than I am after a 45minute zumba class.Con 's : I found the videos to be boring . I am used to the upbeat music with zumba and the videos did not really have this . Also , the moves are in no way fun . If you do not like lunges , -LRB- forward , side , and rear -RRB- squats , or crunches DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PROGRAM.The workout goes really quickly so unless you are used to lunges being a major part of your workout , it is very easy to get lost or want to give up.The videos do not consistently show the modified Level 1 models during move changes.Out of the videos my favorite one was the tummy tuck because it encouraged crunch exercises that I was not familiar with and at a pace that was burning my abs . My favorite part of the workout was when I was done with it . My legs were shaking and my stomach had a light burn . I honestly felt like I was going to collapse and I am NOT a large person . Previously I have read comments from people saying do not buy it unless you are prepared for a hard workout . THEY ARE CORRECT ! This video is best suited for someone who is very self motivated and does not need a lot of jumping around -LRB- like step aerobics , zumba , dance -RRB- to stay engaged/motivated .
 I am a big video series fan . After having done P90 and Insanity , I was looking for something new . I followed the plan to the T for 30 days - the diet , the workouts , everything . I 'm 5.3 and went from 134lbs to 130lbs and a 35 inch waist to a 31 inch waist . I can say that with other workout programs I have lost more weight , into the 127 's , BUT my waist never got down to 31 inches . Do n't follow the scale , follow the measurements.If you read the other reviews , they will give you a good recap on exactly what each video is like . I HIGHLY suggest watching an internet clip to make sure you do n't find the music and the guy terribly annoying.I can say my `` favorite '' video seemed to change every week and I was surprised at how some of the videos I initially hated seemed to grow on me . First and foremost , I am NOT a dancer and felt like an utter moron doing Cardio Axe . But if after a month I can get the dance moves down , you can probably get there too.I have a Garmin 405CX and would often measure my calorie burn for each workout . At 5.3 and 132lbs -LRB- average for the one month period -RRB- , my average calorie burn for each video was as follows : Bum Bum - 263Cardio Axe - 230 -LRB- This is the average burn rate AFTER I got the moves down as my burn rate changed drastically from the first time I did the video . The better you get , the more you burn . You may feel like a moron but you 'll burn twice as much if you actually throw your hips into it . -RRB- Tummy Tuck - 80High and Tight - 206Sculpt - 310 * I give these workouts all I have , btw . No muddling through.If you 're serious about the workouts , follow the other reviews and buy new resistance bands NOW . The one that comes with the video is useless . Also , you can usually pick up a set of ankle weights super cheap at Burlington Coat Factory.The one thing I was n't impressed on was the lack of improvement in my rear ... my legs saw big improvements as well as my hips and my arms but things were n't ... lifted . Perhaps I did n't do the moves properly ? -LRB- I felt the burn though ... -RRB- Or maybe I need a second round which I 'm currently starting ... Still , overall a great video plan with excellent replay potential -LRB- I found this less boring and annoying than P90 or P90X -RRB- . My final tip - all the women in these videos NEVER stop smiling - infuriating when you feel as though you 're about to die . See how long you can hold a smile . My record before erupting into a fit of obscenities was 12 minutes .
 I just love this DVD set ! When it arrived , it sat in the box for a few days and I was asking myself `` why did I buy another workout video that I 'm not going to use ? '' One day a few weeks ago , I finally cracked the package open and I have been using it almost every day since ! I just love it ! The cardio workouts go by so fast - they are fun and easy to follow and you can really feel it in your butt . The music is fun and I think that the instructor is so cute and his accent is just adorable ! I 'm an avid gym goer and I consider myself in pretty decent shape . I bought these DVD 's on a whim - I guess it was the awesome booty 's in the infomercial that got me . But I 'm not joking - it is tough and it gets your buns burning !!! I have seen great results so far ! I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a fun and challenging workout ... and NO , I 'm not just making this up and I do not work for Beach Body : -RRB-
 I am the type of person that hates working out . I am close to my ideal weight , I could lose 10 pounds . I live in the mountains , so I maintain an active lifestyle , but now that I am in my late 20 's my body is n't looking as tight as I 'd like it . This workout is fun , fast and complicated at first , but you get used to it . I hated the cardio workout at first -LRB- it 's pretty dancy , which i 'm not -RRB- , but now I think it 's a blast and goes by quick . The bum bum workout is an awesome workout , but I agree with some people , not good for people with bad knees . High and Tight is my favorite , it makes your butt and legs burn so bad , but an awesome workout . Sculpt is my least favorite because it 's long -LRB- about 45 minutes -RRB- . but gives your arms a good work out too . The ab workout is really hard , I ca n't make it through the whole thing , but I am in the middle of my second week , so I 'm getting better . There is also the basics , which shows you the major steps and a fast version of bum bum which I have n't even done yet . Overall this is a great dvd set for someone that would like to tone themselves up , but not someone that has bead knees and that is more than 10 pounds overweight . Commercials are annoying , but you can skip them . I like the countdown clock that lets you know how much is left in the workout .
 Do not be fooled by the title of this workout . This workout does much more than give you a `` Butt Lift '' . It works EVERYTHING ! The moves are n't complicated ; if you have any experience working out , you 'll recognize most of the moves ; squats , lunges , bicep curls , shoulder presses , etc. . Even though you 're doing exercises you may have done before , this workout is anything but boring . If you have n't worked out before , it 's easy to pick the moves up . What is so awesome , and seems to be the key to the effectiveness of this workout system , are the number of different muscle groups you are working at once . Rows along with lunges ; presses with squats , etc. . Very efficient ! He puts moves together in a way I 've never seen before . I was sore for the first week in muscles that I did n't know I had.There are 2 other aspects of this workout that I love ; you are n't doing the same routine every day AND it 's `` idiot proof '' . The set comes with a schedule that tells you exactly which workout to do on which days based on your body type . This makes it very difficult to get bored and very diffcult for your muscles to get bored which is the key . This is perfect for someone who is just bored with their current workout or for someone who has hit a plateau . As the mom of 3 , I need all the help I can get to make sure my workouts are as effective as possible in a short amount of time . These workouts are shorter than others I 've done and that is a huge plus ! There are some days you have to do 2 workouts so you 'll need close to an hour , but other days you only have to workout for 35 minutes . It 's worth your time ! I 've done Power 90 , Slim in 6 , Zumba and Taebo . Lost 10 pounds with those , still have 20 to go and felt like I needed something that was more targeted to certain areas of my body . This is the perfect workout system ! It 's working areas I was n't expecting like my arms and abs . After only a week and a half , I can already feel a difference from head to toe ! Things are tigheting and I 'm very close to passing the `` pencil test '' .
 After going back and forth about ordering the program for almost 2 years , I finally took the plunge and kudos to Amazon - it arrived so quickly ! I have been doing some of the exercises from the program for over a year now -LRB- I watched the infomercial enough times to memorize them -RRB- so I basically knew what to expect . . or so I thought ! I have only done two of the workouts so far -LRB- Bum Bum and Tummy Tuck -RRB- , but I previewed all of the videos and I know I 'm going to love the whole program!Many people have commented/complained that Leandro moves quickly from one move to the next , but I have a background in dance , aerobics , and cheerleading and it was n't any different or more akward than taking a new aerobics class - you 'll have it down after a class or two . All in all , the workout is tough -LRB- harder than it looks ! -RRB- , but easy to follow . I 'll tell you , my heart was pumping and I was working up a sweat in the first 5 minutes of Bum Bum - Leandro does n't give you any breaks ! My husband has a background in Latin dance so I was n't afraid that it would be too `` dancey '' for him , but he is extremely strong and I was concerned that it may be too easy for him - not so ! He really liked Bum Bum and loved the Tummy Tuck video even more -LRB- we do a lot of yoga and pilates and this ab workout was still really intense . -RRB- Fortunately , I can already pass `` the pencil test '' and I do n't have that far to go , but after giving up our gym membership I was looking for new and fun videos to keep our workouts fresh and I 'm really excited about the Brazil Butt Lift ! ***************************************************************************************************************** Update - almost done with our 2nd week : WOW is all I have to say . In less than 2 weeks , I notice a serious difference in the shape of my tush and my legs and abs feel much , much tighter . After completing each of the workouts several times now , I do see what others have been saying about wishing there were breaks , etc , between some of the moves - but that 's only because this workout kicks your butt so hard that it 's almost impossible to keep up without a rest or drink -LRB- and I mean that as a compliment to the workout ! -RRB- . My husband keeps saying that he ca n't believe how hard the workouts are and I agree , but again , I mean that as a positive thing . This is hard and it will give you an amazing tush , tight legs , and great abs . We have to keep stopping to take a sip of water , do a quick strech , etc , but just as if you were taking a class at a gym , do it at your own pace and if you have to march in place while everyone else is doing jumping jacks , so be it . You will get stronger and will be able to do more as time goes on so do as much as you can during each class and be proud of yourself for it . I hope you love this class as much as we do !
 When I first heard about the Butt Lift , I thought `` oh , how gross , people showing off their bottoms '' . However , this is n't the case at all and I absolutely love the instructor . He connects with his television audience just great ... even though he is not in the room with me ... he still encourages me . Also , I am 54 years old and thought this tape was for young people -- which to a great degree , it is ... however , he does offer a level one and my body is changing from these dvds ! I have very bad knees and still can do the exercises . One warning ... take it easy and do n't do the inner thigh exercises everyday ... I did get a groin pull ! Have fun working out and watching your body change !
 I just started the workouts almost 2 weeks ago and have already noticed a difference . I have already lost 1 inch in my hips and 1/2 inch in my waist and Lost 2 lbs the 1st week . The only thing kind of weird about the videos is how it flips back and forth from the workouts in a group studio to workouts with different people in different outfits on the beach . That is kind of distracting . Other than that I really like the videos .
 It costs $ 72 , but you get five workouts that really work in different ways . My favorite workouts in this series are Bum Bum , High and Tight and Cardio Axe . Cardio Axe keeps you dancing with moves that take concentration , so I tend to think about how to do the moves rather than how tired it is making me . Bum Bum is a cross between cardio and strengthening that covers the tried and true exercises . High and Tight uses bands and ankle weights , and you really get a workout that uses different muscles than those you usually use . Sculpt and Tummy Tuck focus more on abs and arms . This series is cheaper than a gym membership , and I really think you will see better results .
 After reading a ton of reviews , I was concerned that I might not be in good enough shape to keep up with this . However , I was very pleasantly surprised . Do n't get me wrong , it is really hard , but I started out slow -LRB- I did a little more than 1/2 of the first session the first day , then did the full session the next day & so on -RRB- & have worked my way up to completing both sessions at a time ! With 2 small kids & a picky husband , I ca n't really follow the meal plan , but I love the work outs . Even though I 've only been doing it less than a month -LRB- and usually taking weekends off -RRB- , I 've already lost a couple of inches all over & there is a very noticeable difference in my tummy , rear end & legs ! My only major complaint is that because I have arthritis in my lower back , I am unable to do most of the `` Tummy Tuck '' exercises , but I am trying different things as a modified option . The trainer , Leandro Carvalho is fun , & I have to admit , I like to hear his accent . Overall , I am really happy with this product & think it 's worth the money .
 My husband bought this workout program for me directly from the company , not from Amazon , and I am into my second week of doing the exercises . Some of the programs are challenging , even though I already was running and working out 5 days a week . But the workouts are fun and Leandro is hysterical to listen to . I 'm doing this along with Weight Watchers and am losing weight . I like that there is an on-screen clock during each workout so you know how much longer you have . I did have to call the company because the original DVD set got scratched during shipping , but they sent out a new one right away . My only dislike is all the quick infomertials for OTHER Beach Body products before , in between , and after the workouts . However , once you know where they are you can fast forward through them .
 I just started my 4th week this morning and I love it !! I still look forward to working out.It 's upbeat , has catchy music , great moves , and the exercisers are n't all overly physically fit.I started to feel better right away -LRB- I did n't crave junk food and had more energy -RRB- . I also had noticeable results after 2 weeks.They are fast paced and really get you moving . You 'll workout about 60 min six days a week . Once you get into the routine of exercising every day it 's really easy to keep with it . You have to just plan on this time for your workout , even if it means getting up a little earlier to do it.I have recommending this to everyone!I ca n't wait to see how good I look in my bikini this summer !!
 Hey guys , I was really skeptical about ordering a pretty expensive work out dvd-set , but I have seen commercials for BBL so many times and I did like the way the exercises looked.I read many many reviews ; and you know how oftentimes the company just spreads a bunch of good reviews to sell their product ? - well I felt like most of the reviews were posted by actual customers.I had a couple of problems with my first set of dvds -LRB- skipping , not reading etc -RRB- , but team beach body replaced them at no cost!I have probably been doing this workout for two or three weeks now and I do feel and see changes . By now , I can handle some exercises that were rather difficult in the beginning - it 's a really good feeling to have proof that you 're improving ! I was never in terrible shape but I can see cellulite getting less and my body to look firmer than before!Sometimes I ca n't do the reps as fast as Leandro and his group but it 's still a great workout and soon I will be as toned as them!It is a tough workout . If you can handle being sore the next day and have the discipline to do it every day go for it!Buying the dvd does n't guarantee you a great body
 I purchased the videos a few summers ago after having a child . At first the videos were really hard and I spent many weeks on the bum bum live video . Eventually I moved up and was able to complete the other videos in the set . I really believe this product works if you put in the work . If you are having trouble at first start slow like I did . I noticed a difference in my butt after a few weeks of just doing the live video .
 Honestly one of the best workouts I have ever done . I have several Beachbody programs , and this one is by far the best . The `` high and tight '' is my favorite . Even after a year of religiously doing the program , -LRB- and upping the resistance of course -RRB- , I can still feel my butt burning during the workout . The `` bum bum '' workout is a bit difficult if you do n't have developed quads , but its a great workout to ease into . Do n't be surprised if you do n't feel this one in your butt right away , it just means your other surrounding muscles are n't developed yet either , and so the pressure is felt on them first . The `` sculpt '' workout is a good total body workout . The moves can be a bit confusing at first , but you get the hang of it after a few sessions . The `` tummy tuck '' is short , but effective . I 've had better results with this concentrated workout than with the p90 abs or jillian michaels `` six week six pack '' . Overall an absolutely magnificent program . I would recommend this hands down to any woman . And on top of it , the instructor Leandro is not annoying . a bit comical at times -RRB-
 I 've held off on the purchase thinking that it would be too easy . I 've done P90X and Insanity ... along with Kelly Coffey-Meyer and P90 Boot Camp . Well I fell off the wagon of working out and needed something new to inspire my 4:30 AM wake up work out . And this did the trick . I 'm not a dancer by any sorts , and I found myself smiling during the Cardio Axe !! It 's actually fun!The butt and ab work out are challenging . I gave 4 stars because I do think I 'd need a few other DVDs for a fully round work out . Although the cardio is fun , it 's not extreme.But I 'm pleasantly surprised and so happy with my purchase!Also , I started my 4:30 work out mornings 2 months prior to Brazilian Butt Lift -LRB- I was doing Chalean Extreme , mixed with some Tony Horton and cardio -RRB- ... oddly enough I 've had more results with this work out . I noticed my thighs and butt start shaping immediately . I 'm still not back in my `` normal '' clothes , but feel it 's close , and look forward to it soon!Good luck !
 I have the combination shape which is pretty fit already so the purpose of this workout is to help me build more strength of my muscles . I worked out without equipment for the first two weeks , 5 days per week -LRB- instead of 6 days -RRB- following the diet suggestions in the little book , and lost 1,5 pounds . Before working out with the program , I was practicing pole dancing and I could n't sit tight on the pole . After two-week practice and diet , I now can sit and climb on the pole fairly easily and do some spinning . Thats why I 'm purchasing the weights to continue moving up to the next level with the program . Hopefully after working out 2 more months with the Brazil Butt Lift , I 'll be able to do some reversed moves on the pole which require a lot of muscles strength of the arms . In rock climbing , I also notice the big difference in my moves when improving from 5.10 a to 5.10 d. For sure I 'll commit to the program for a long time and recommend this to anyone who wants to keep fit and build strength . The workout is also pretty fun and sexy so you wo n't even notice the time .
 It 's been a year since I had my son and I still find myself trying to get the extra weight off . I found Zumba -LRB- which I love -RRB- , but wanted something else to spice things up . I have most of my problems with my stomach and buttock areas so the Brazilian Butt Lift seemed like the most obvious choice . Plus I heard a Victoria model swore by the workout -LRB- yes I am easily pursuaded sometimes -RRB- . But the price for what you get is not bad at all . All you have to do it figure out what butt you have ... pear shape , too big etc. . If your not sure there is an option for that as well . He explains each one so it is really easy to choose . Once you figure what out he has a 4 week program to get you started and you should see results within this amount of time . He changes it up each day and week to keep it different . I ` m used to DVDs who tell you to do one DVD 4-6 times a week , and that never happens for I have a really bad attention span . So I love the fact there are multiple workouts in one buy.After a week and a half , I already noticed that i have way more energy then before and can feel my muscles being sore the next day.Some of the moves I found alittle silly like the high heel one , but I find acting and looking silly while working out more like a guilty pleasure . I ` m glad I found this one for it is challenging . However , most of the moves are easy to do ... some of the videos I will have to do more to get used to the moves . The dance moves can be hard to figure out for someone who does n`t really dance but loves to try anyways . It ` s just takes about 3-4 times trying it to eventually get it -LRB- for me anyways . I seem to get abit awkward between moves . I ` m not very smooth at joining the moves together but i ` m getting better at it.I am sticking with this one for the full 4 weeks to make sure I do see results and I ` m confident I will even not following the diet exactly as planned . It just might take a few weeks longer . I would definitely recomment this to others who have the stomach and butt issue like myself ... I really hate working out my legs and butt for it hurts -LRB- I ` m so not fit there obviously lol -RRB- , but it feels like it is working already!What I also like is that The DVDs , booklets etc are easily stored in one box , so there is no clutter . The only thing is with children you have to find that right amount of time to do this workout which averages about 35-60 minutes about 6 times a week . I personally do mine after they go to sleep , and just pray they do n`t wake up until after I shower lol for this is a high sweat workout at least for me . So yah , a great deal on what you get . I ` m very happy with my purchase and will use it among side of my Zumba workout which is also highly recommended .
 The workout itself is great ! You will notice body changes within the first two weeks of doing this workout . Also , there are about 5 differents workouts that are included and the booklet that accompanies the DVDs tells you what specific workouts to do for your own `` butt type . '' For example , if you need more lift there is a specific workout plan that is desired to give you a higher , tighter rear end . There are also other workouts that target various parts of your body , so you really can get a full body workout , not just a lower body workout.The only problem I have is that when I received my shipment I was missing the yellow resistance band . It looked like the package I received was not new . When I ordered this product the description did not state that the workout package was not new . That kinda pissed me off a bit . I would definitely advise any seller to plainly and truthfully indicate whether an item is used or new . I was very surprised to have that problem , since I have n't previously had that problem with Amazon .
 This workout is great ! I love the way Leandro Carvalho designed the routines . They are intense , but short and to the point . If you only have 30 to 50 minutes to exercise at home this is very effective . I do not have a lot of fat to lose , so for me this is ideal to gain muscle tone and strenghten some weak areas . I highly recommend it .
 This is a very nice program , it gives you a layout of what you are suppose to do day to day which is very nice for someone who needs structure like myself , and I can say my second week in I already lost that annoying dippling I had on my bum , and believe me I have tried workout after workout in attempt to get rid of that and nothing else worked , up til I started this program I was doing the P90X with my husband and just wasnt feeling it in the right spots , I was going through the workouts tired and not feeling like anything of value was worked out . . I recieved the Brazil butt lift dvd and wow , I felt it to the point where I had to pulse the dvd 2x to compose myself , and the next morning there was no doubt I worked my problem areas out like they had never been worked out before ... FYI Getting started the moves are fast and you may find that you are falling all over yourself to keep up , trust me it gets better and easier , the 1st time I pulsed the dvd 2x now I dont pulse at all only 2 weeks in : -RRB-
 I am very happy with this purchase because it has tailored a program specific to my body type . I especially like how each video tells you at the bottom , not only how many minutes are left , but also how many minutes are left in the particular exercise being performed . I am well on my way to losing weight because it feels like being on a beach vacation with Leandro and the girls who are so tanned and in perfect shape . My hesitation in purchasing this video was thinking that the exercises would be too difficult . But , there are girls to watch for levels A and levels B , and Leandro always makes you feel great about your effort . Women usually buy shoes or a dress that they will wear once or twice in a month 's time . Why not buy something that will make your body look better in everything you wear ? Even my face looks better with a glow and better tone in the chin area . I highly recommend Brazilian Butt Lift to everyone .
 These videos are hard and my wife is losing weight in her thighs and hips . I did it and I was tired and I work out on a regular doing cardio and heavy weights . I recommend it to anyone but its primarily for women .
 This program contains 3 DVDs.DVD 1
 I 'm pushing 50 ; been exercising regularly 5 or more times a week since I was 25 - mostly by running between 30 and 50 mpw . As I 've gotten older I 've been trying different `` other '' types of exercise . I have grown to love the Brazil Butt Lift -LRB- BBL -RRB- DVD 's . I ventured into Zumba a few months ago , and I really think Zumba is fun , truly not even like working out , it IS FUN . But , these BBL workouts are truly workouts . The name of the game is body control . Considering that I 've worked out regularly the past 20 years , I could n't believe how SORE I was after the first 2 days of BBL . Zumba and BBL lend each other to comparison since they are both South American-oriented dance-oriented workouts ; to compare Zumba and BBL
 Very intense workout , I cant seem to be able to finish one workout without wanting to pass out . To be fair I am not a very active person , so I will have to continue to ease my way into this program .
 I am extremely happy with this product . My cardio and balance is improving . After day 1 I notice I was using muscles I did n't know existed and they are getting a little more toned each day.However ... Be Careful , Do n't Injure YourselfThis is a fast pase-high intensity workout . Make sure to listen to your body ! Take breaks , do the moves slower and proper instead of keeping up and being sloppy . I found out during day 1 workout that I have terrible balance.I paused the DVD to get water or use a towel . I did not keep up with the DVD all times . I would stop and watch the moves and slowly perform them till I was comfortable and REWIND it . I also was n't able to perform a lot of the jumping moves because of my balance ; instead I would perform other moves I could do during that time . Some moves are very complex so instead of like 8 reps , I would do 4 reps making sure I was in proper form . As time goes on I know my balance will improve and I will be able to perform all the moves and keep up with no troubles.Just make sure to listen to your body and go at your own pase , do n't injure yourself .
 I 'm starting my 3rd week of the pear shaped routine and I LOVE working out again ! I have worked out for most of my life and own a ton of DVDs , but after having my son I stopped taking time for myself and dedicated it all to him . After watching the infomercial dozens of times , I decided it 's time to tone up and that I would use the Brazil Butt Lift to do it.Great decision ! Though to be honest , it 's a little fast paced for the person trying to get back into working out and that may be discouraging for some . You have to keep going ! By day 3 , you 'll really be getting into it . I ca n't wait to get home from work , throw my hair up , get into gear and sweat.I do n't use the bands , opting for ankle weights instead ; just personal preference . Have a yoga mat close by when performing the Sculpt DVD if you have hardwood floors . Give yourself time to learn the routines . Do n't be afraid to swing your hips ! That 's the key to the best workout . Leandro is very encouraging , and the beach scenes motivate me even more -LRB- getting married on the beach :-RRB- -RRB- . I 've recommended BBL to several people already , mostly because they notice the slimming of my hips and thighs . Pants that have n't fit quite right in a couple of years are sliding right on . I 'll finish the Pear routine and continue on to the Classic continuance . Excited to see myself at the end of 60 days !
 I started working out again last November to prevent the holiday weight gain . I work out 6 to 7 days a week and since I have kept it up now for 3 months , I decided to treat myself to a new workout video . I have completed 3 weeks following one of the scheduled plans , there are 4 . I am not eating the included menu options , as I already have eliminated fast food , fried food , soft drinks , etc. . I also substitute Zumba instead of the cardio axe , but otherwise I follow the plan . I did not take any before photos or do any measuring , but I can feel a difference in my bum bum and thighs . I am definitely more firm and lifted . I recommend these videos to anyone who is looking to firm up their lower trouble spots . He progresses from one move to another without breaks between and likes to up the tempo , but you can always go at your own pace and follow the beginner moves .
 All I can say is this video works as advertised . First , doing these exercises will make your butt look fantastic . Second , the exercises , if followed as instructed , will not create more problems for you than they solve . To explain the second part , my wife and I are both runners , and have imperfect gaits that have resulted in severe problems for me and mild problems for her . We have had our running and walking gaits analysed , and the therapist advised us on exercises and techniques to strengthen and stretch the correct muscles to correct our issues . This video and it 's exercises were also recommended by her . She stressed that it is more important to do each exercise correctly -LRB- as instructed -RRB- than to do a lot of reps. My wife especially has benefitted from the workouts in this video , and so I can definitely say that I have too ! I think that is enough said about the first part of my recommendation as well . Get it , use it , you wo n't regret it .
 I 've been a runner for 20 + years and also an ACE certified personal trainer and I have to say that this is one of the most intense ` at home ' workouts I have ever experienced . The creators of this program are the same that created P90x so you can expect the best and get it . Like one of the reviewers below , i am also tall and thin from running but over the years have noticed some saggggging in areas that i would prefer to stay put . I have only completed day one of the videos thus far but was absolutely dripping with sweat and had to catch my breath . As a long distance runner , there are not many times that something has me stopping for a rest ! I am impressed and looking forward to the rest of the workouts . Its very motivating to read , watch and feel someone put there money where there mouth is . I cant wait to see results ! Very highly recommended .
 I purchased this program 1 year ago and I am still using it . Unlike any other program I 've ever tried , it never bores me . Leandro has a way about him that is so puppy cute . He always makes me smile . Speaking of smiling , the one thing I do n't like about the program is the super perfect , perma-smiling , background girls . Seriously , they Never stop smiling , which gives the impression that this program is easy . I 'll warn you , it 's not easy ! I 'm 38 and have been staying in shape since I was 15 . I 've rebounded for 7 years at least 4 days a week and had also done P90X before this program . I say this only to let you know I am a fit person reviewing this product . I do n't need to lose weight , so I did not follow the diet . I did follow the 8 week workout program to the T , starting with the flat butt solution , then moving on to the combination . I love that it has different butt styles to work with . Like I said this is not easy , but for some reason it is FUN ! The results were so amazing that it kept me inspired to see my daily results . It actually made my flat butt round ! BBL does not only work the butt , it works everything . My abs were the best they ever were . My butt , the best ever . My arms , my legs ... best they 've ever been . Toward the end , my husband said I looked like a 19 year old . I had so many people asking what I do to stay in shape and I was glad to tell them about BBL . When the 8 weeks were over , I continued using it about 3 days a week . 4 weeks ago my friend asked if I would do the full 4 week schedule with her so she could get in shape for photos . We just finished our 4 weeks , and again , I look the best I 've ever looked . She looks fabulous also . Now I 'm doing Insanity -LRB- but still prefer BBL -RRB- and my friend has another friend continuing BBL with her . She loves it too . I will admit , it is a commitment ... 1 hour a day , 6 days a week . The Bum Bum video is very tough -LRB- and those girls just keep smiling ! -RRB- I always sweat like crazy but its only 30 minutes and it goes by pretty fast . None of the videos are repetitive . Cardio Axe is dancing and it 's a bit hard to get the moves down . It took me about 2 weeks to get it ! I just did my best and kept moving . Just do n't give up , you 'll get it.I like this program better than P90X because , in my opinion , it is much more suited for a female body . It did wonders for my bum bum that P90X did not . Plus , it does not drag on and on . It 's totally worth giving it a try and sure beats going to the gym . I am busy home educating 3 children , so I applaud Beach Body for making it so easy to work out at home anytime , without worrying about childcare .
 Whew ! After just a week , this program is not for the faint of heart !! I did n't even make it through the first day 's workout on my first try -- I pooped out after just 15 minutes of the Bum Bum DVD , and I do n't consider myself to be out of shape . I was sweating within the five minute `` warm up , '' and even after the 15 minutes I was able to make it through , I was STILL sore the next day . I tried again the next day and was able to make it through , finally . One this is true
 Just like the most recent review I read , I was a bit skeptical when I saw this on the infomercial late at night one night . I actually laughed out loud at the title of `` butt master , '' and their casual talk about butts like it 's normal to talk about `` butt types '' and other butt-related topics just really cracked me up . I thought , no way is this thing for real . But , the more I watched , the more I realized how this cheeky approach -LRB- pardon the terrible pun -RRB- really might just work . I liked Leandro 's attitude , and listening to the reviews and seeing the before/after photos got me excited.I had never really hated my butt , but I knew that I had gained weight and that my shape had changed . Looking at the `` before '' photos , I thought `` wow , that 's just like me . '' Seeing the `` after '' photos made me realize my potential . I had started the South Beach Diet about two weeks prior to this for health as well as weight reasons , -LRB- which , BTW is a lot like Leandro 's own eating guide -RRB- and I had hit a plateau after dropping about 6 pounds of a targeted 23 pounds . So I thought , why not try it?So glad that I did !!! Just like others here have said , it really does make a difference in the first week . I ca n't always do all the reps , and one day I was so exhausted I had to keep pausing through the `` Bum Bum '' video , but I plugged through and did what I could . In ONE WEEK , I have dropped an inch from my thighs , 1 inch from my waist , a half an inch off my arms , and 1.5 inches from my hips ! I ca n't believe it !!! I 've only lost one pound this week , but who cares ?? I look and feel great !! My clothes fit differently -- and I can already wear more of my old clothes!You can feel the workouts as you 're doing them , and well after . `` High and Tight '' is my favorite , although I have n't gotten to `` Sculpt '' yet , so we 'll see . The best part is that Leandro keeps it fun , and so does his team -- I actually find myself smiling right back at them during some of the hardest parts ! -LRB- I also curse during some of them -- it 's a love-hate relationship . -RRB- I was athletic when I was younger , and I never had this much fun doing training workout routines . I highly recommend to anyone thinking of giving it a try !! It 's the best thing I 've done for myself in a long time !! UPDATE , 2/12/12
 I tried it today after it came in the mail and the dvd 's are easy to go along with tough but fun .
 From reading other reviews , I became aware that there are two versions of this product :1 . where Leandro -LRB- the instructor -RRB- is simply working with one model in a room . Reviewers have called this version boring and not worth the time or money .2 . a re-do of the workout with several models , different locations , fun music and other bells and whistles . This is the one I made sure to order , and it 's LOADS of fun.The workout is intense , it 's got plenty of cardio in addition to muscle-building and muscle-toning exercises . It 's the whole package ! Plus , it comes with a recipe book to get your eating habits on track , and the recipes are FANTASTIC.I ca n't recommend Brazilian Butt Lift enough . It 's WELL worth the money .
 I 'm not associated with beach body . I like these videos because they really do work if you stick with the program ! Good for lower body strengthening !
 I will update you later ... but as for now , I gave this 5 stars because it is actually motivating me ... which is more than I could have said about any other exercise program for the last few years . Just received it today ... Let 's see how it works after a few weeks. : -RRB-
 Really good workout for your bum bum : PI liked the faster pace of this workout and it does make you sweat . I like using the workout bands and ankle weights for the High and Tight workouts.Overall , this is a good workout . I got it at $ 30 on Amazon which is a good deal . Definitely worth it .
 I love this dvd set because it really works . You build lean muscle mass quickly . I started losing inches while at the same time building muscle , and all within the first month . I 've been working out for years and never got the results I 've gotten with this . I 'm SO looking forward to Brazilian Butt Lift 2 , rumored to be coming out Spring of 2012 .
 I am now at one month w / this video . I actually enjoy the workouts and love the program . I love how there are specific workouts geared to your booty type . There is also a diet plan included with the video.Hope fully after a month , I will begin to see more of a `` lift '' in my behind . I do notice results on my arms and shoulders from doing the Sculpt portion of the workout .
 My husband and I have been working out together and we both love this program ! It works parts we did n't even know we had ! Our stamina is building and our bodies are feeling stronger .
 Leandro is so awesome . The workout is really tough and delivers results ! Before doing BBL I was in shape -LRB- would do cardio and toning classes at my local gym and ran a lot -RRB- , even though I was thin , I had a droopy butt and a pear-shaped body . Within a month , not only do I have an amazing butt , but my legs and abs are in way better shape as well . Leandro makes the workout fun and walks through the exercises slowly before speeding it up . The only con is that after a while I got a little bored with the videos and purchased Turbo Jam , BBL Deluxe , and p90x to change it up .
 I read someone write that they think beach body is writing their own reviews because of the perfect grammar in reviews . Could n't it just be that educated people are buying and liking these dvds because educated people care about their health and body ? I am a 32 year old mom with two kids , I work 3 days a week and I take 15 hours a semester at TX State University . I thought I did n't have time for working out anymore with my busy schedule , then I got on the scale and realized I had gained 20 pounds . I decided to MAKE time for me and these videos are the BEST . I 've been working out , mostly at the gym , since January . I got stuck at a certain weight and bought these dvds . While at first , the transitions are a little fast , I stuck with it and have lost another 5 pounds . I have met my goal , but have now set an even better goal . These videos will help you get there and it is such a time saver compared with going to the gym ! HIGHLY recommend !
 I have only done one of the workouts in this set , I just recieved it yesterday . Wow ! It looks and feels like it really targets the butt . Ca n't wait to update this review after a week or two . The first workout was Bum Bum and it was fast paced , think it will take a couple of times to master the moves , but I already feel it . The instructor , Leandro ? I think . He sounds a lot like Borat from those movies , it makes me laugh and smile when I hear him talk . But it is n't really annoying , just funny if you stop and listen . But he does talk alot and cues you to keep everything tight . Music was good and not at all cheesy , so that helps . The 30 minutes really flew by ! Lots of lunges and leg work , I hate lunges with a passion and really dread them , but somehow he makes them bearable . Do this 5 times a week and watch what you put in your mouth and there is no way you wo n't see results . I look forward to updating this review to tell you if it 's true or not !
 I think I can safely say that I would be considered a `` Beginner '' - I 've got about fourty extra pounds hanging around my waist , bad knees , and I have n't worked out consistently -LRB- or at all -RRB- for over a year and a half.And yet , I can do these workouts . And actually enjoy them , which is huge for me . Not every day , of course , but most of the time.I wear a brace on my worse knee -LRB- bi-lateral injury -RRB- and take it easy when I need to and push myself when I can . And I 've lost weight and my shape is changing - a lot of people have been saying that you should already be in shape -LRB- I 'm definitely not -RRB- or have great knees -LRB- I 'm two surgeries away from that one -RRB- or be familiar with ballet or whatever -LRB- also , definitely not ! -RRB- YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BE ! It 's great - just listen to your body and accept that you wo n't be able to do Cardio Axe perfectly the first time -LRB- or the third , or the sixth ... -RRB- I 'm still only at the end of my first week , but I 've forced myself to follow the `` too large '' solution exactly and I have to say I 'm pleased with the results I have so far.If you 're like me and need some near-instant gratification in order to follow a workout program but you 're pretty desperate to find SOMETHING that you wo n't despise ? This is a good option . Maybe even a great option . Bad knees and super out of shape and all.Edited to add -LRB- on 16 June 2012 -RRB-
 I am 47yo and have been an avid exerciser for over 20 years . I never gained an ounce after I quit smoking and I got back in shape after each of my two children were born . However , toward the end of age 46 I found myself getting heavier without warning . I gained about 20 lbs . in 6 months and was horrified . I could not get the weight off no matter what I tried but I refused to give in to the `` middle age buldge '' . I looked around and found a lot of positive reviews about this video . I was skeptical but it seemed like a good option . I received this video about 2 months ago and I have to say that it is FANTASTIC ! As others have said this is a difficult workout . But that is a GOOD thing . What 's the point of doing a workout that is too easy . At first I could n't do a lot of the moves but I just did the best that I could and to my amazement , I saw my body changing like I never thought it would again . My `` cottage cheese '' thighs are smooth and strong again . My arms do n't jiggle anymore but are firm and toned . Most amazing of all is that it really does lift and shape your butt ! This is something I never thought I 'd achieve . I 've always had a rather flat butt but these videos have lifted my butt and rounded it like I never thought possible . It is amazing . I have lost 2 inches on my waist , over 1 inch on my hips , and 1 inch on each thigh , 1/2 inch on each bicep and have n't even finished the 1st 4-week program that I selected . It is FABULOUS ! I ca n't wait to see how much more I can lose . Leandro is great . He is very motivating and I really enjoy his approach to these workout videos . I think he is a big reason that I have stuck with it and have achieved so much in a short time . He is interesting to watch and love the accent . Now I can do more of the excercises and maintain my stamina a lot longer than when I first started the program . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is trying to get past a plateau or who wants to reshape their body . You will not be disappointed .
 On saturday , march 5th i finished my 4 week pear-shape program ... did not skip one day -LRB- hurray for me ! -RRB- . All I can say is WOOOW !! i can really really see how it is working !!! Of course a month is not enough if you want to see definite results , and much less if you plan to keep your butt tight and lifted , but today my husband told me how round and toned my butt looks , and I already feel it!You will feel tighter even in the first week but that 's because the muscles are sored and swollen -LRB- it happens every time you start a new type of exercise -RRB- but as the weeks passed i started looking my legs and butt more toned and lifted . I have to say im doing it every day in the morning , and an hour of krav maga training at night , plus i 've been squeezing the Love your Legs program -LRB- by Kim Overton -RRB- at least 2 times a week.As a latin girl -LRB- im mexican -RRB- I have very thick legs , saddle bags and we latins tend to have big butts , and from all the exercises i 've done -LRB- belly dancing , pole dancing , kick boxing , krav maga , among others -RRB- i have to say this is the BEST WORKOUT for those problem areas . It is not magic , its not like you buy it , do it a couple of times a week and expect to have a great ass , but if you really commit to it and you follow the plan -LRB- which is very fun and easy to follow -RRB- you will get results !! I still have a pair of jeans that does n't fit and my goal is to get in them again , but I think im still swollen cause I started the program a month ago and now that my muscles are getting used to it im going to start shrinking -LRB- the same thing happened when i started kickboxing , after a month and a half i started to loose inches -RRB- . I have no doubt that if I keep doing this workout i 'll get better and better over time.The workouts are hard -LRB- except the cardio , it is very fun but it doesnt make me sweat a lot -RRB- but the sculpt , bum bum , high and tight and tummy tuck really make my muscles burn !! and im used to exercise !! but Leandro keeps motivating you along the video -LRB- everytime i feel i want to stop for a minute he says `` do n't settle for less , that 's the only way to get the body that I promess you '' -RRB- I LOVE HIM !!! I picture myself wearing a bikini this summer and I keep going.the only `` bad '' thing is that I can not play the Bum Bum Rapido -LRB- it just does n't work on the DVD -RRB- but i dont care since all the rest of the things are great.IM NOT A BEACHBODY COACH OR SELLER OR ANYTHING im just a real girl with real saddle bags and real cellulite . I will soon post my before and after pictures on youtube since when i bought it I could n't find any -LRB- I guess maybe cause its embarrassing to take a pic of your butt -RRB- but I want to motivate others to try it since it has been working wonders on me .
 Brazil Butt Lift is an awesome product for both your lower body and total body training . My 2 favorite workouts are Bum Bum and High & TIght because I can feel the muscles in my butt , thighs , calves - really everywhere on my lower body - working . I `` m sort of a pear shape and I feel like doing those workouts - everything is just getting tighter and firmer . Another great workout is the Cardio Axe -LRB- pronounced ah-shay -RRB- because Leandro really gets you dancing and sweating for a great cardio workout . I really feel like I 'm burning a ton of calories when I do it . I 'm not even that coordinated and I can do it . Anyway , I just adore this product because my lower body is really my problem area and I feel like this is a great program to help me transform my trouble zones and slim down too .
 Let me start this review by saying that I am a P90X and Insanity grad , and I really wanted a program that really focused on my butt . Insanity and P90X have been great with slimming me down and getting me strong , but I still was n't happy with my rear end . I got this thinking , `` I 've already done P90X and Insanity ; this should be a breeze . '' WROOOONG !! The first time I did a workout -LRB- which happened to be Boom Boom -RRB- , I had to stop a couple of times to catch my breath and rehydrate ! But I can definitely tell a difference in my butt even after nearly two weeks ! So ... for the other `` questionable '' parts of the workout ... yes , it does switch from the beach to the studio , but I find that if you 're really concentrating on your butt and getting a good workout , that 's neither here nor there . Yes , he does move relatively fast , but I make sure to transition at a pace that 's comfortable for me . Even when we 're in the middle of doing a particular exercise , if I need to move a smidge slower to get my moves right , I do it . The most important thing is to keep moving , and keep plugging at it . Now for my breakdown ... Cardio Axe
 CRAZY !!! I consider myself to be in fairly good shape , but this is tough stuff ! I like to run a few times a week and I 've been doing one of Jillian Michael 's DVDs and really like her style . But I really want to shape my butt and thighs because it 's the only area I 'm not happy with and what I 'd been doing was n't cutting it . I was seriously considering getting a personal trainer to help me concentrate on these areas and then I saw this on TV and it felt like a much better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- choice!I have done the Bum Bum , Cardio Axe , High and Tight and Tummy Tuck so far -LRB- still on week one -RRB- . As some reviewers have commented , Leandro can be hard to follow , he does move quickly from one set of moves into the next.However , these workouts absolutely target the butt and lower body , more than any I 've ever done . The Bum Bum workout was very challenging and just kicks your butt -LRB- literally -RRB- . Cardio Axe is a lot of dance steps so if you 're not a dancer but at least have some rhythm , you should be okay . This is one workout you need to give yourself time to pick up . The first time I felt like I had two left feet , but the second time I was much better . On High and Tight I could feel my butt within the first minute of the workout and the floor work is classic stuff but really effective . It was almost a relief to do this workout considering how much I 've sweat doing Cardio Axe and Bum Bum !! The Tummy Tuck was pretty basic ab moves , but it was 20 minutes and that 's a pretty long time to focus on abs.I 'm not doing this for weight loss , but want to get back into a pair of jeans I ca n't wear anymore -LRB- used to be a 1/2 and now I 'm a 3/4 -RRB- . And of course , I want a little junk in the trunk !!! I 'm confident I will get there using this product and I 'm so excited to see where I 'll be in three weeks!The only reason I 'm giving it four stars is because of the constant jumping back and forth between the shots from the studio to the beach . When you 're trying to learn the moves and footing , and they flip to a beach shot of someone from the waist up , it 's really annoying and I had to stop at some points because I forgot what the move was . They include a beach workout on the DVD , so I did n't see the point of interjecting snippets from the beach workouts during the studio workout . I would still recommend the product but just be aware of this .
 I 'm going on 4 weeks with the combo workout -LRB- there was 4 to choose from -RRB- . and i 've lost an inch on my waist and butt . the instructor keeps me motivated and eager to see the results . i did see results going into the 3rd week . but i think this work out needs to be in conjunction with regular cardio like walking or running to actually lose weight . i was fit to begin with , just got bored and wanted to try something new . if you 're looking to lose weight , do n't depend on just this alone .
 I have just finished my first week of the Pear Solution cycle , and I am loving it . I was really jealous of the lean and toned bodies other people got from this workout . Plus , I was nearing a size 10 when I used to be size 6 . So far , my booty seems to be `` rearranging '' itself slowly , but steadily . I lost half an inch off my hips being already at normal BMI , and it 's only been one week . However , the workouts were not easy , and they are definitely not for people who are really out of shape . I liked all the sections . They are mostly fast paced and you will need to be patient and not expect to be able to move like the girls in the videos right away . I had to pace myself and take 10 second breaks when I was feeling dizzy in order to go through the cardio parts , but believe me , it 's absolutely worth it ! Leandro is a very engaging trainer and although he has an accent and a somewhat of a bouncy personality , he 's not annoying at all , at least to me.UPDATE 10/09/2010 - Finished the Program!I lost 7 pounds , 1 inch off hips , 1.5 inch off thighs and I feel much stronger and healthier . Bum-bum keeps kicking my butt , but I intend to keep going nonetheless.I ignored their eating plan , because calorie counting is simply another word for food deprivation -LRB- read Intuitive Eating if you want to know why -RRB- . First I thought it 's gon na work , but it only gave me a diet mentality that ended up in eating problems . When I recognized that , I just hit organic , unprocessed food and I did fine . So , please , do not follow the suggested Supermodel Slim Down plan or drink any silly shakes ! It will undermine your long term success . Whoever thought that eating only a 1000 cal a day is enough for a training woman must be nuts . At my height and weights I need about 1500 cal just to stay alive at rest , let alone work and exercise . You will lose a lot of water and then quickly regain it all in fat through binging , so be careful with it . Best results are slow and steady results .
 Brazilian butt lift is amazing . I am really enjoying it . I have some physical limitations and I am pleasantly surprised that I am able to complete the DVD segments . The six day meal plan has only enhanced the exercise program . The Brazilian butt lift is a complete package . It offers recipes and meal suggestions while dining out . I love the way I am feeling .
 So , me and my mom got this because I am a busy high school student and she is in the military , we figured we could both use it at different times and still get in the work out when we could . I am not a particularly fit person , even though i have been a martial artist for 13 years , and oh my goodness . These workouts are hard , but they are fun ! Some people say that the exercises are hard to follow , but if you do the basics video before you start it is easy to pick up on what he is doing . It is the best , most fun work outi have ever done , and I have tried a lot of work out programs to try to get rid of my extra fat but this is one of the few that I have ever actually liked . My favorite is the cardio axe ! I just finished my first week and I lost 5 pounds ! I dint even do the six day slim down thing ! I am sore every day and I have a fun work out every afternoon , I love it . He is a very dynamic instructor and you can surely feel it all over !
 I absolutely love these workouts !! They are fun and effective and you work your entire body ! I definitely recommend them . : -RRB-
 Really good workout ! I have been dodging the lower body workouts at the gym but there is no hiding from this video . I love Zumba so this really a good isolation video for boom boom . I am struggling but I truly enjoy the countdown timer . You can talk yourself though anything while watching this video .
 I have been doing P90X on and off for the past 10 months , and prior to that I did the Spartacus workout . Both are strength training circuits , but are not aimed at the intricate muscles that women typically need extra focus on . I am 120 pounds and 5 ' 4 '' . I have always been slim and fit but have had difficulty toning the inner thigh area . This workout leaves you sore for days after each time . I have done the `` Bum Bum '' workout three times now , and it is exhausting . I love the focus on the legs with tons of squats , lunges , kicks . I ca n't get through the entire workout without being exhausted and needing to stop for 10 seconds or so , and I have always been an athlete . If you are looking to tone those pesky areas , this workout is for you .
 It 's great ! I like the style and energy , very professional . Not everybody can do it , but if you want to get result , just do it !!!
 I received my DVDS on Friday , started working out Saturday , and boy have I been sore ever since . It is now Wednesday , day 5 , and I am sore every single day ! I can not give this workout all 5 stars just yet because I do n't know if it delivers but the way I 've been feeling after every workout says something . These workouts are HARD !!! I workout with Jillian Michaels DVDS -LRB- which I can keep up with , I 'm in pretty decent shape -RRB- and I always believed she was nuts ... but Andre is pretty nuts too -LRB- maybe more so -RRB- . The burn ! OH MY GOSH THE BURN ! You can really feel these exercises working as you 're doing them . I thought this workout would be a walk in the park , but I was so wrong . After the first time I did BUM BUM I felt a little defeated because I could n't do all of the exercises through to the end . I know I will get stronger with time and practice and be able to complete it . High and tight has some rough floor work that you feel working , cardio blast is a fun dance workout that I was completely lost doing the first time but the second time around I got the hang of it and it became fun . I did n't even use the exercise band for high and tight and it was really difficult . If you are not willing so work hard and stick with these workouts this program is n't for you . Luckily the workouts are n't too long -LRB- 35-65 -RRB- a day . I 'm adding in some cardio on my off days for extra fat loss , I am going to Florida mid-May :-RRB- I will update later with results and hopefully be able to move this up to 5 stars !
 I love it ! It is one of the best workout DVD 's that I have purchased . I was a little sore after the first couple of days , but now I am getting use to it .
 I love the product . The shipper shipped the product in a timely manner . I was very pleased with the service of Amazon in supplying me this product as described in the advertisement .
 I do not do this workout enough to tell if my butt has been lifted . All I really care about is that the workout is fun enough to make me want to do it over and over again . Cardio Axe is by far my favorite workout -LRB- although the rest of them are good too -RRB- . I would recommend to anyone that likes to dance . You do move around a lot in Cardio Axe so make sure you have a lot of space!The fun part is that it teaches you how to move/dance and feel sexy doing it .
 Took a little longer then advertised to show the results , but love the workout . Very easy to follow and the music is very catchy .
 love this workout , do n't like the cardio . I am bad at dancing and the cardio is a lot of dance so its hard to get my heart rate up and keep it there . I substitute with p90x plyo and kenpo and the gym . For real if u work it hard . You will be able to feel your bum bum tighter while walking after one workout . Talk about motivation !
 This is the toughest workout I have ever done but results happen quickly . I am seeing them already and I have only done 8 workouts . Thank you , thank you , thank you !
 I hope to update this later , but I just started using this program after using other Beachbody programs , and I really enjoy it so far . All of the materials that come with the book are very simple and help get started the right way . It comes with the pencil for the pencil test , it comes with the tape measure , it comes with the booklets and trackers , etc. . Even after completing PART of one of the two workouts the `` first '' day -LRB- I did not count this as my actual first day of course -RRB- , I could feel that my legs and butt were worked , but nothing too bad obviously as I had not finished . I had only done part of Bum Bum , which seems hard to get at first , my balance was way off , but I could feel the burn nonetheless . It just seemed like a lot of dance-like moves , so I was surprised I could feel it . I 'm so glad I took my before photos and measurements , I ca n't wait to see my progress .
 Bought for my wife and she loves it and feels like it is really working . We 've only been using it for a little over a week , but I tried the workout with her one day and my thighs and butt were sore for a couple days afterwards .
 This DVD is sooo much fun to do . I swear my but and legs and thighs were screaming after this workout ! The energy and people are so wonderful on the screen . They just give you the motivation to want a great butt !
 If you need to change from the usual boring workout at the gym , then I would recommend this highly . Once , you get into the daily routine , it is easier to do . It has helped me out a lot !!
 Wife said the workouts are a Bit repetitive but they definitely do what they 're supposed to ...
 Anyone , ANYONE trying to loose weight , OR gain weight , or simply looking for an awesome work out session should invest in these DVD 's . It really works . My goal was to gain muscle -LRB- or some -RRB- since I am a skinny girl , and my metabolism is ` uber ' high . After only 2 weeks of excercises , proper eating and lots of determination , I gained 2 lbs . and increased my thigh size approx 3 cm . I could n't be happier ! BEST invesment I have done in a while ! LOVE it !!!
 I enjoy doing these work-outs , and I am happy that I own them ; however , they were not worth the cost . I can get 5 Jilliam Michael 's workout DVD 's for $ 26 . Three Brazilian Butt Lift DVDs with videos totaling not much longer than an hour on each DVD is NOT worth $ 47 . Plus , the scenes that cut from tghe studio to the beach are jarring . I would have much rather worked-out to the beach scenes the entire time . They were much better and more motivational . The girl with the short crazy hair looks like she stepped out of an eighties movie , and because the girls dress in bright pink and yellow some of the time I had to check the back of the box to see whether or not the video was maybe made in the eighties . The entire thing has that quality , after all . Maybe beachbody just repackaged it ? Even though the date on the back says 2009 , I am still skeptical . Buy a used version or get this in some other way . Do not pay $ 47 , or the $ 60 they request -LRB- 3 easy payments of 19.99 -RRB- . If you spend $ 5-10 , you will be much happier . The cardio work-out is pretty fun , after all ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was looking for toning from this workout but not 100 % satisfied . The program tones my arms and belly area very well , but the results are not as obvious with butt and legs . I did not lose any inches but I did get toned arms and shoulders without bulking up . I think the no bulk-up is what differentiates this product from others , a very important attribute to females.The biggest thing to watch out is the knees for the leg lift part in High & Tight . It took me almost two years to realize that . Now I skip that part of High & Tight . Too bad that my knees are messed up but my butt was not lifted.The workouts that guarantee to make you sore include Bum Bum , High & Tight , and Tummy Tuck . Do not get discouraged just because I lost no inches . If you follow the program religiously , I believe you can get the result it promised . I am unable to do that because of the time constraints I have . Even that , my arms and shoulders look REALLY toned ! My favorites are the Sculpt , High & Tight , and Cardio Axe workouts . The most challenging are the Bum Bum and Tummy Tuck , which I could rarely complete without taking breaks . Cardio Axe is exactly as what the name suggests , a cardio workout . High & Tight focuses on butt and legs . Sculpt focuses on arms and belly - upper body . Tummy Tuck focuses on the abs but also does some to the back and the arms . Bum Bum is the most challenging workout , a combination of toning and cardio.A huge setback is that the discs do not play in two of my three Blue-ray/DVD players . The Bum Bum disc started to give me problems 3 months into the delivery and now the Cardio Axe disc , too . I bought these directly from Beachbody . They were nice enough to replace the two defective discs for me , but within less than two weeks , both new discs are skipping and mosaic ` ing.Additionally , the workouts are quite long . I have a full-time job and kids , but can not afford cleaning services . As such , I am unable to slot over an hour every day on workouts . I 'm going to try some other workouts like Zumba and Turbo Jam . I have been hesitating to try other products because I do not want to bulk up or stress my shoulders and arms further .
 I just got this in the mail the other day . I bought it directly from Beachbody.com . I was going to start yesterday but for some reason I was very fatigued . Anyway , I did watch the bum bum portion to get an idea of what im getting myself into . I couldnt for the life of me switch from spanish to english ! I went to the main screen and selected English but it kept going back to spanish . I 'll just turn my volume down and blast some good music . I will update when I see some results . Im looking to fit into a pair of jeans that are almost 1 size too small in 2 weeks . I am also going to try a low carb diet like South Beach with it . I started yesterday -LRB- 2/17/2012 -RRB- and I only did 5 mins of the bum bum workout and I can hardly walk today . Which is a good thing ! I cant get this kind of workout at the gym !
 You want a plump butt , here it is !!! You will feel good about not getting injections and work hard for what you want , A HEADTURNING , NECK-BREAKING , bum .
 Brazil Butt LiftLove this product ! It 's working wonders , only problem I have was in the shipping . When I received this , one of the disks were loose , and it skips when I play it in a couple of spots . I 've tried cleaning it , but it 's scratched . I need to exchange it !!
 I purchased a dvd package from this seller and was very impressed ! It got here quickly and it looked like brand new ! I am very happy with this seller !
 I love Brazil Butt Lift . I only half-assed the work outs and saw HUGE results . My butt is up and firm . Definitely would recommend this to a friend .
 Wow I am not super coordinated but I am in decent shape . I am however built like a boy and now that I squeezed one out recently , I guess I have the pot belly and flat butt of a man . This was NOT an easy video to follow the first few times . He does not explain the moves very well or the foot work and alignment . That being said I made it thru two weeks before overdoing it . It has made a VERY noticeable change in my butt . It is much rounder . I want give it 5 because I am really impressed as I put on my pants and glimpse myself in the mirror how much it has changed my butt . I have to deduct because it is actually a rather advanced in that you would need to already know how to safely do a sidekick , and several pilates , yoga moves and proper foot placement and `` angles '' as he so often mentions . I would get the DVD do it slow and careful and have fun .
 I 've done a few of the other workouts from this set , but stick with the `` Bum Bum '' doing my modified version of their modified version.I think people give up a workout routine because they try to `` keep up '' with the DVD . This BumBum workout is roughly 25 minutes long , there is no water break , and has a good even amount of reps for both legs . I do this workout along with 30 min -LRB- just under 2 miles -RRB- walking and about 20-30 minutes of upper arm weight lifting -LRB- about 600 different reps using 5 and 8 # weights -RRB- 5 days a week before work . I am 5 ' 0 tall and 105 # , 41 years old ... So , I 'm in fairly good shape and could not keep up w / all the jumping , arm positions , blance , and reps in this workout . After all this time and energy devoted to working out , I only do it because it makes me feel good . I want to prevent being on medication and not feeling well when I 'm older . If you are older and have kept cellulite on certain parts of your body for a long time , it is very hard to get rid of it . I think it 's impossible . But , I workout for different reasons.I do n't believe any workout is perfect . But if you devote the time , do less reps , and go at your own comfort level , you can make exercise a habit ! During this workout , I do n't raise my arms , do less -LRB- but more controlled , deeper -RRB- reps. For some of the moves I do n't find make me feel ` the burn ' , I sub with others . For ex . I do ` squat arabesque ' instead of the ` cocorinha ' , less leaps , more knee pulls , drink my water after 5 reps of ` grab and throw ' . I skip the cool down do more reps when I can with moves I feel more stable with -LRB- skip the instructional slower beginner reps w / the capoeira-for ex . -RRB- 20-25 minutes is not very long to me and BumBum is something I can fit in my day . Wearing my polar ft4 heart rate monitor during my modified version kept my heart rate around 184 for a good amount of the 25min . I also burned 200 cal . When I walk -LRB- fast pace -RRB- , I burn 180 in 30 minutes.I put the volume on very low , that way I 'm not distracted by not keeping up , etc. . Leandro reminds me of a SNL Chris Kattan character . I find him funny . I find it annoying that women on all the exercise DVDs are smiling ALL the time .
 I ca n't say enough good things about these videos . They 're fun , first off . I get up very early to do this . It helps that some of it is filmed on a sunny beach , so I can pretend I 'm there and the sun 's already up and I 'm tanned and in a cute workout outfit . I 've never taken a dance class in my life , so I must say at first I was totally lost . But slowly , I 'm getting used to the moves and find myself in step with the others more and more . I love the instructor , he is so encouraging and helpful . And the results are real . Let me say that after doing something as painful as `` High and Tight '' there better be some tangible results . I can say that my butt is getting back to where it was in my early 30 's . And that 's pretty damn good . I thought it was cheesy that it came with a pencil , but I 'm now completely looking forward to passing my `` pencil test '' . I also comes with a tape measure . You can measure your butt and set definite goals . Mine was to increase the top measurement , and decrease the bottom , therefore , basically lifting the butt . It is so logical , you 'll love it .
 So I just started Brazil butt lift this Monday , Iv ' e been doing it for two days and have been loving it so far . I 'm not overweight or anything , But I would like to lift and shape my flat , flabby `` bum bum '' , I would also like to take a couple inches off my thighs and lower stomach . I started off with the classic program , and after reading the comments I thought it was going to be really hard , but I find it kind of fun and not overly difficult . I have been doing Julian michaels , and I find this much more fun and a bit easier . So far I have already done Bum bum , tummy tuck , High and tight , and cardio axe . After reading the reviews on each of these , I was expecting High and tight to be my favorite and cardio axe to be my least , but Nope ! I did not like High and tight at all , but Loved Cardio Axe ! . I kept getting frustrated with High and tight because the resistance band -LRB- comes with the dvd 's -RRB- kept rolling up and was difficult for me to continue , I had to keep stopping and rolling it back down . The floor work , -LRB- laying on your side -RRB- It kind of hurt , my bone kept digging into the floor and made it a little hard to do the moves , and I was on a Yoga mat . I found Cardio Axe really fun , and it made me sweat tons ! There were some moves in there that were a little difficult to follow , but overall it was n't hard to follow and get a good workout . I 'm not a dancer , I guess I just got some rythme . Bum bum was also fun , it only made me a little sore the next day . Now , tummy tuck had my stomach on fire ! I do crunches and all different moves involving the abs but nothing has made them burn like that . Which is refreshing , hopefully it will get my tummy into shape ! Overall , I think these dvd 's will work , I 'll update in a week or so to show my progress .
 The product came quickly . I started using it one week later . I 'm in my third week , and am really enjoying the challenge . I have added in jogging because it is not enough cardio for me , and I had to buy a new resistant band because the one it comes with is terrible .
 I absolutely love this workout . Its good , easy and fun . Ive been doing it for 3 weeks already . Im not gon na lie , its pretty intense sometimes , but if you are commited to do it and you really want to make improvements on your body you can do it . You just need to set your goals and pursued them to see the results . Also I love the fact that it comes with a slimdown plan and a book with different choices of healthy food you can eat . So if you do both u can really see results.Im very happy with my purchase and I totally recommended .
 I love this product . I like the diversity of the work outs and in 6 days I lost 2 lbs and 6 inches without using the 6 day diet . Sculpt was by far the most challenging part and left me feeling pretty sore . I ran for 6 months without weight loss and visible change in my body , so I am really motivated to continue this work out . I know that it works IF you use it ... so I need to keep it up , but so far I am very happy with what I am seeing and feeling .
 I saw this on tv and decided to check it out . I found out the price and decided to look for it on amazon and I found it at a more affordable price so I purchased it . It sat on my desk for a few days before I even tried it out . However the first day I tried it out I could not get through all of it . I did the first I think 10 or 15 minutes and I was DONE ! The whole week after that I was in pain , my legs and my bum really had a work out . I felt pain when i walked and specially when I went up and down the stairs . I tried it again after a while and this time I managed to get to 20 minutes . The pain was there again but only lasted a few days . I had been running and working out a little so maybe that helped ? Anyways I am ready to try again tomorrow and I 'm hoping I can get to at least 20 minutes since I have n't done it in a while . I have the mentality that no pain no gain . So after doing this for only a few minutes I had a pain so it has to be working . I have to get into the routine and see how far I get . Summer is coming so I have to get started . Great workout ! your legs and bum will thank you !
 This workout has been great for me . My workout experience has been very limited for the past 10 or more years and I was just looking to tone up and lift my butt . It is hard work , but has been very worth every penny and bead of sweat ! I am in my 6th week and I can tell a significant difference in my butt , thighs and arms . My butt is no longer flat and droopy because now it is rounder and firmer.Some of the segments are very fast paced and it takes a few times to learn them -LRB- as is the case with any other videos I have used -RRB- . There are different levels available at times for those who are less advanced like me . I can increase the level as I am comfortable . The key is to know your limitations and not to overexert yourself . Do what you can until you get into a rhythm . Do n't try to do everything all at once because it will likely be very hard unless you are a fitness expert . Focus on doing the movements correctly instead of keeping up with how many times they do it . Then it will get easier and you can increase your reps. Also , stretch very well in all areas before you start each time . There is usually a warm up , but alone it 's not enough to keep from hurting yourself.I have fun , stay dedicated and have seen results much quicker than I expected !
 this really works !!! i just completed the first 4wks and i already see a difference in my legs , abs , arms and bum . the workouts are so easy but get the job done and are only 30min -LRB- 1 is 50min -RRB- . the calander gives u a 30 min workout each day with 2 days off but as you advance workout sesions are combined so you will work out for an hr . best part is the cardio workout is more like a dance routine so its fun and not boring like running .
 I started working out at the gym when I was 18 . Then I became an aerobics instructor . I have loved fitness forever , am in good shape but am always looking for new exercises , to save time with 3 young boys and a full time job . I bought these dvd 's after having read the reviews and I am pleasantly pleased . They are fun , there 's variety , and they work !! The only thing I would add that I do n't like is they are probably cheaper quality dvd 's because I have a hard time with them reverting to spanish automatically and that can be time consuming to try to fix it !! -LRB- not to mention the constant adds at the beginning -RRB- . All in all , I am really glad I spent the money on them and would definitely recommend to anyone !!
 My first impression after watching the DVD set was not that positive
 So recieved this Saturday ordered it Thursday great delivery . . did the basics Saturday afternoon a bit sore just after that . . Sunday put Bum Bum in because I thought myself more a combonation butt than anything and well after 10-12 minutes I was pooped !!! So put it away till today after work ... getting up today I was sooo sore could ` nt sit on toliet properly . . put socks on . . or even get in car properly . I 'm very sore after only 10-12 minutes of it so it must be working will keep it up and hope my brazilian butt comes out soon !! Ohh I 'm only 30yr old 5 ' 8 and 130 so getting this to get toned and build cardiovascular endurance .
 I thought this tape would be good , but I was amazed ! I work out a lot , but can never seem to get the derriere to shrink . I noticed a difference after the first week . We stretch a lot , so soreness was not too much of an issue . This tape focuses on the area most women have a problem with . It is fun too . There are varied settings and several different workouts including cardio , strength and abs . The instructor is fun to listen to , especially the accent . It is a gem in my collection and I will be using it for a long time .
 I love workout DVD 's and am pretty fit . I usually use Jillian Michaels and Jari Love . I get bored from time to time and like to mix it up . I was looking for something for my lower body since I 'm pear shaped but I was also looking for something fun . I got both in this program . I 've just completed week one and my lower body feels like it 's already more toned . The Bum Bum workout is only 30 minutes and I have to pause a few times to catch my breath ! I 'm sure after another week or two I 'll make it through but it 's a great lower body toning and cardio all in one . Ca n't wait to continue and see the results I will get . The girls bodies in the video which are great -LRB- but not too skinny ! -RRB- are inspiring and the beach scenes liven things up . I highly recommend this to anyone looking to get a great workout and have fun at the same time !
 I am only on day 3 and I really like this workout . My butt has never been worked like it has with this workout . It also keeps my interest which is good . It takes a bit to get some of the moves , but once I got them , I was good .
 Love it!Great work out.Was nice to purchase from Amazon and not Beachbody because Beachbody canbe pushy with purchasing other products .
 Have been working out with this DVD series for three weeks -LRB- six days a week -RRB- and can REALLY see a significant difference . Love his energetic tone , cute comments and smile . Gave it four stars because a couple of workouts are not quite as good as the others , and having to take short breaks to fast forward through advertisements . Overall , very excited I found this .
 This video makes my other workout videos seem dull . The instructor is personable and exciting . The music is upbeat and the shots on the beach are really nice in my opinion . The workout itself is undoubtedly challenging . It includes your cardio , which is easy to learn and almost fun -LRB- that 's saying a lot since this is a workout -RRB- . It is an entire body routine with an emphasis on the butt area . Overall , I think this workout is definitely worth the purchase .
 I 'd like to say I achieved a Brazilian butt with this workout series , but I didnt . Why ? Because I have yet to use it consistantly . However , I love the workouts when I do them and I would definatly recommend this .
 This is a very intense workout but it does the job , you will feel it begin to work immediately . I have n't worked out in forever but this is great for intermediate or beginners
 This product said like new but it was brand new never used . It included the entire kit . I have been using it and love the results . It 's hard at first , but gets easier and is worth it once you see the results .
 My wife uses this product and has been loving the results . The program is enjoyable and entertaining to involve yourself in .
 I have been weight training and doing cardio for about 6 years now , I was skeptical about this dvd but I still gave it a try . It kicked my butt ! I was sore for two days just after doing the boom boom -LRB- cardio -RRB- and the sculpt video . All of the videos work yours abs indirectly which is just a bonus . Highly recommend it .
 I have been doing the `` Supermodels secret '' for about the last 3 weeks.I typically do Tai-bo , Hard candy fitness -LRB- Madonna -RRB- running , working out at the gym and other DVDs . I have to say I have not been to the gym once since I started these dvds !!! I love them !! The upbeat music and dance moves make it somewhat enjoyable and the time goes by fast-but you can REALLY feel the workout . It really targets the muscles and I am definitely sore - a `` I 'm getting toned and thin sore '' the next day . This is my all time favorite work out !!! I love that he has variation with the several workouts that you rotate through . I can see myself doing this religiously for the next 6 months until I get bored with it . I consider myself an average to advanced level . I did n't think these dvds were too hard . Just the perfect amount of resistance.I thought Alejandro is adorable . I read a review that said he was hard to understand . I think they must be ethnocentric , because his english was fine .
 Love this workout !!! Lots of variety to switch up your exercise routine.I especially like the 10 minute workout when I 'm in a hurry .
 I never do reviews but afters using brazillian butt lift for only one week i have lossed two inches off my waist and an inch of my thighs.i would deff recomend it
 This workout makes you feel great and really keeps you motivated . There is a workout schedule that you follow along with for four weeks and I noticed a difference in that short amount of time . Everything tightened up and you really feel the burn when working out.Would recommend this to anyone .
 This workout is kick butt ! I 've only done all the workouts about 4-5 times each , but can already tell a difference in my body . I started at 5 '10 and 176 pounds and I 'm now 170 pounds ... not bad for one month . This is a TOTAL body workout , despite the title . The music is great , and Leandro is hilarious . I love the part in the ` Cardio Axe ' workout where you 're doing this swaying dance and he says `` Shakira does this dance . It 's a great move ... she 's does sooo well ! '' ... with the gayest Brazilian accent possible ! I always have a smile on my face when I do this workout from how flamboyantly Brazilian he is . He does let you cheat either . All the workouts have specific arm movements to keep your spine aligned and keep the right muscles engaged . He 's also very in tuned with the beginner , so you never feel too far behind . My core feels very engaged and focused during this workout , which is great . If you 're out of shape , you 're gon na be SORE for awhile.If you stick with this workout , you 're gon na get a hot body .
 So I was sitting on the sofa a few weeks ago and saw the infomercial and decided to buy it . I am on Day 5 now and feeling great about this workout . I will agree with the person who gave it a one-star rating
 Before I bought this product I read a lot of reviews on Amazon and other websites . I 'm always worried about informercials . It seemed like anyone who gave a good review was accused of working for Beach Body or being paid by them . I do NOT work for Beach Body , instead I 'm an Endo resident at the University of Pittsburgh . I make , like , nothing a year . I am definitely no Beach Body guru . I only know about Beach Body because my husband uses P90X . So , that 's out of the way.I 've tried workout videos before . I bought a Pilates workout , a lot of the Women 's Health workouts -LRB- The Wedding Workout , which is my old favorite but kind of short -RRB- , Hip Hop Abs -LRB- which I hated ... the movements were hard to replicate -RRB- , Turbo Jam -LRB- which I did n't have room in my apartment to do -RRB- and P90X -LRB- which I think is too hard for girls and not particularly fun . -RRB- But , I liked the idea of dancing , so I picked this over Zumba because there seemed to be more strength training in Brazil Butt Lift , and I was looking for toning over cardio.Also , I should tell you I 'm not overweight . I was n't looking to lose weight , just to tone up . I 'm 130 and 5 ' 7 '' , but I have n't really worked out other than walk the dog for the last few months and doing some Ab Ripper X. I was feeling sort of ... blah . My weight just felt like it had redistributed since our wedding 6 months ago and I was feeling like my tummy was sticking out more than I would like and my legs just were n't feeling muscle-y . My butt is pretty flat , and my inner thighs were bugging me a little . I just wanted stronger muscles . So , my expectations might be different than other people . -LRB- If you want to lose a ton of weight , stop reading my review . I 'm not the right person . -RRB- I had some Amazon credit so I bought the videos and figured that if it did n't help , at least it was cheap.Okay ... now for my review : I really like these workouts ! I am now into the 2nd week . The workouts are fun , and the instructor does have a cute voice and he seems energetic . The girls in the background are cute and they do n't make me feel horrible about myself . The first day , I was feeling it . I was really sore after the first few days . It was hard for me to continue but my husband motivated me to keep going . As I kept going , I was happy I stuck with it . I have n't even weighed myself since I do n't typically care , plus I know gaining muscle can mean gaining weight , so I do n't know if I lost or gained any weight , but my abs are flatter , and my butt is tighter . It 's not perfect yet , but I am getting a better shape . -LRB- Is this due to just working out every day , or specifically this workout ? Hard to tell , but I did enjoy this ! -RRB- You will definitely feel the burn . Sometimes I have to jump around aimlessly because the transitions are tough . It 's taking me a while to get all the movements in Cardio Axe - I 've done it three times and I 'm just starting to follow along . I just try to keep moving if I get confused . I ca n't always do the arm movements because I 'm just not coordinated enough and sometimes fall over , but the more I do it I 'm getting better.Overall , it keeps you moving and the music is fun . You get to dance some , and you get good stretches . The leg and arm workouts -LRB- Sculpt and High & Tight -RRB- have a lot of the same movements from The Wedding Workout , which is my go-to workout , but the Brazil Butt Lift workouts are much longer and more intense . You will see results faster , especially if you do n't have weight to lose , but it 's hard to stick to it because you 're awfully sore . You do have to be fairly strong to start - I 've been doing P90X Ab Ripper X and I do n't think I could do these workouts well without having a semi-strong core to start . This is more of an intermediate video rather than beginner.What I like : Lots of different movements so you get a complete workout of lots of muscles.You always FEEL it afterwards . One day it hurt to sit down at all , my inner thighs were so sore!What I did n't like : I guess I missed where it said you need ankle weights ? I had to buy separate ones , so tack on another $ 15 . Tough transitions . Hard to follow sometimes , I had to rewind , play in slow-mo , and hit pause a lot.Bottom Line
 I was intrigued by the BBL infomercial - it looked fun and interesting ... something I would be motivated to stick with . My goals were to increase strength and stamina.I am in my forties and have never purchased an exercise DVD before now . After reading dozens of reviews , I was concerned about doing some of the exercises . I started by watching all the discs all the way through for review and to check for any problems . After deciding what I was and was not currently capable of , I started the program.Currently , I 'm doing the `` Lift & Shape '' program for the third straight time . Although I have not seen significant `` butt life , '' I 'm much stronger then when I began the program about 10 weeks ago . I am beginning to see some definition in my abs and arms . As I gain strength and become more capable of doing the exercise fully , I feel this program will continue to provide benefits.The music is enjoyable and easy to listen to . The level of instruction is great - I 'm reminded to breath , hold my core , etc. regularly -LRB- which I need -RRB- . The instructor is awesome ! Leandro provides additional instruction online at his website and on Facebook.One workout , Cardio Axe , makes me wish I had a larger house - you 're going to need some room for this one!The product loses a point for cheap packaging and accessories - the cardboard folder for the discs probably wo n't last long . The exercise cards -LRB- for taking on the road -RRB- do n't come with anything to take them in . Also , the booty band is flimsy.Have fun with these workouts , and `` do n't settle for less ! ''
 This workout is great for your butt and thighs . No matter what I 've done in the past nothing has trimmed my inner thighs . In just 2 weeks of Brazil Butt Lift I 've lost half an inch off each thigh . That may not seem like much but in 6 months of working out I did n't lose anything off my thighs even though I lost 30 lbs . If you have issues with you lower body you need to try these workouts .
 I love this workout ! A friend let me borrow her Brazil Butt Lift DVDs for 1 month while she was on vacation . I started noticing a difference after 2 weeks . My butt and legs are constantly sore , so I know they are getting a good workout . And my skin tight shorts are n't so skin tight anymore ! I 've lost weight and my pants are fitting looser . I am so happy about my progress that I want to buy my own set of DVDs so I can keep going . : -RRB- But be warned , this DVD is probably difficult for beginners . I workout at the gym regularly and I had a hard time keeping up with the Brazil Butt Lift workouts for the first couple of weeks , especially the cardio workouts . I was pouring sweat and had to take brakes here and there . But once I built up my endurance a bit it was easier to keep up.I 'm not a person who likes to do workout DVDs at home , but this one is an exception . I highly recommend it ! If you really put all your effort into it and keep at it I 'm positive that you will see a difference in your body .
 I normally am not a reviewer but I almost did n't order them because of the one star reviews . I have gained about 40lbs after i quit smoking last year . Although I have a very active job it is also stressful and I turned to candy and cookies instead of smoking . I finally decided that I should do something about it . I cant say that I am in terrible shape but I am bigger than I want to be and used to being . I also have cellulite which I NEVER had , even tho my thighs were always thick and my butt is flat . I started eating better and fallowing a work out plan for about 2 weeks . I lost around 8lbs After that I was very motivated and saw the informational . I really liked that it had work out that I had never seen before . I was always told you cant change your body you just have to except that it is the way it is the butt lift says you do n't have to have saddle bags or a flat butt . My entire family has NO BUTTS ! No matter How big we get or butts just get wider and sag a bit.Its been two weeks since I got the DVD . I am done total weight of 16lbs and by butt is perky !!! I have a butt ! It feels competently different and looks different . My thighs on the front are smooth I still have a little bit of a saddle bag but it is going away fast.I have been very diligent in my eating habits as well as fallowing the work out according to how they say to . -LRB- I joined weight watchers and am doing the points plus program -RRB- Some reviewers said that the moves were to advanced . There are some really advanced moves and I do n't think I could ever do them I have very bad knees . -LRB- Years of soccer and lacrosse -RRB- So i just do n't do them . They have a level one option for everything . I am in so much pain some days from the work outs that the next day when I go to do the recommended disc I can barley get through it . But i do it slowly and carefully some times I pause it and stretch . This is n't easy and a good work out should n't but if you quit every time something is hard you are n't going to change your fitness level . I do n't over do it ever!The only reason that I did n't give it 5 stars is because I do n't think that they stress how important it is not to lock your knees or to put your knees over you feet when doing squats and lunges . The people in the video do n't do it but they do n't tell you anything about it really . So if you do n't already know this you will tear yourself up ! you need to keep a soft bend in your knee . I have taken classes in school that teach you proper form but if I did n't already know this it might me useful for the instructor to tell you . No one had told me until after I tore some ligaments . Other than that I think it is a great program and you will get out what you put in . So good luck!I also will include in my review one last thing
 I have never in my life written a review for a product , but I felt compelled to do so after being so incredibly pleased with this set of DVD 's . First things first , I am 5 ' 3 '' and when I started the Brazilian Butt Lift weighed 118lb . I was certainly not overweight and was just looking to tone and develop my butt as I was not blessed with much of one . This workout is not for beginners !! If you have never worked out in your life or are extremely out of shape , I do not recommend this workout as your starting point . I had a hard time getting through my first few Bum Bum workouts and I would consider myself fairly in shape , working out 3 times a week prior to starting the dvd 's . The Brazilian Butt Lift plan outlines different workout schedules depending on your body type , and most weeks they require you to workout 5-6 days a week . Due to my work schedule as a nurse , I only do the dvd 's three days a week , and have still seen amazing changes in my body.After only one week of following the workout plan for the pear shaped bum , I saw awesome results ! My formerly flat bottom had definitely gained some volume and height and my saddlebags had started to diminish . I continued to see results in the second week and really noticed my entire body - arms , legs , abs , butt - looking much more toned and defined . In fact , I visited my parents who had not seen me since Christmas , and they were surprised that I looked so toned ! My mother wanted to know exactly what I had been doing to look so good ! My boyfriend is also incredibly pleased with my new toned body and butt , and even joins me on days when I do the Bum Bum dvd . I 'm telling you , it 's a pretty intense lower body workout!What I really like about this workout plan is that it is a combination of five different workouts . Bum Bum - works the legs and butt , Cardo Axe - similar to Zumba , Tummy Tuck - a straight up ab workout , High and Tight - Works the butt and legs using the resistance band , and Sculpt - a full body toning workout using weights . As a person who gets bored easily with workout DVDs , the variety was key . Muscle confusion works and this workout delivers just that.I have already recommended BBL to my mom and several girlfriends . I feel as if I have discovered some sort of body makeover secret and need to share it ! If you are looking to tone up and transform your body , and already have a little bit of a fitness base , buy it !!
 I am very happy with the product . Everything was in good condition and I am so far satisfied with the outcome of the workouts .
 I am very excited since I received the package yesterday . Today I am starting the program . The only thing that I would like to have known first , before buying the product , is that you need to purchase ankle weights and light dumbbells in order to do the other workouts . It should have said somewhere . Nonetheless , delivery was good . I 'll keep you posted on my results .
 I 'm starting my second week of this workout and OMG , let 's just say you can definitely tell the moves are tailored to get to each muscle in the booty ! The High and Tight video leaves me in pain every time I 've done it ! Out of the videos I 've tried in this workout so far , I would have to say I was n't a big fan of Cardio Axe . It 's more `` dance-inspired '' and I have no rhythem ! lol It was difficult for me to actually do the moves and feel like I was getting a workout , and not just flailing around everywhere ! I actually did the P90X Kenpo workout in place of the Cardio Axe . I felt like I get a better cardio workout that way . But if you like to dance , it might be something you would enjoy ! The other videos in the workout are great and I love that they do n't feel like they drag on and on . They are definitely not easy but you feel the burn and it helps to see the time on the screen counting down ! : -RRB- For those with `` booty issues '' like myself , I would recommend it . I have n't seen any big changes in my body yet but it 's only the second week . I do feel my muscles are firmer though and I 'm interested to see what 4 weeks or more of this program can do !
 Brazil Butt lift works . I was 15 mins into the DVD and was thinking this is not challenging at ALL ! Then realized I was sweating . It 's non-stop and you do n't even know you 're burning calories !! It goes fast . What a wonderful system!Instructor Leandro trains Victoria Secret Angels . So ca n't hurt to do whatever he says to look your best!DON ' T SETTLE FOR LESS !!!! Motivating and Enjoyable !
 This is by far the toughest workout I have ever done . It consists of lots of lunges , squats , ballet moves , and pilates . The knees get a little sore from all of the lunges and squats . I consider myself to be in decent shape , but the Bum Bum workout is very difficult . This is the workout with the lunges and squats ... you will definitely break a sweat ! The Cardio Axe workout consists of dance moves . The High and Tight workout is also very difficult , and I have n't even used the equipment . I would tell anyone who tries this workout to take it slow . Breaks are not build in to the workouts , so use the pause button . The energy and scenery throughout the workouts will keep you motivated . There are commercials between the workouts , but I do n't find them too annoying . I have been doing these workouts for over a week and have not seen any results yet . My measurements are the same as when I started , but I have not adjusted my caloric intake . I think if I stick with the workouts , then I will definitely see results .
 I purchased this set few weeks ago , and I completely love it ! It 's not an easy workout , but once you get the hang of it you 'll be fine . I do n't agree with few reviewers that he 's difficult to understand , he has a great sense of humor and specially he explains which areas you 're working and constantly reminds you to `` squeeze '' , so you can get the max out of you efforts.The only thing is a little annoying , but no big deal , is that sometimes they will switch back and forth the background set , and when they do it does n't show the part of the body that we are working out . However , it does n't happen that often and once you get the hang of it you 'll know what you are doing.I highly recomend it , I 'm working out pretty much everyday 30-40mins , and I 've seen good results !
 this product is great the only problem i had was that after playing the video a couple of times it was only playing in spanish , but i called beach body and they replaced it for free . the program is excellent and get ready for a lot of good pain .
 I really enjoy most of the dvds in this set . The only problem I had was with the cardio disc , if you ca n't dance , like me , it 's confusing and you look like you 're spasing out . The other dvds are all very effective and I use them a lot , but for cardio I use a different workout program .
 The seller was prompt and delivered what was promised . The DVDs are great - tough but effective . Not for lightweights ...
 I like the videos a lot because they make you sweat . They really help you to get your bum in the best shape .
 I still give Brazil Butt Lift 5 stars because it does work if you do it like they want you to do it . I tried the program for a few weeks and I saw results after two weeks.BUT I have to say that most of the moves are too `` dancy '' for me ... I am not that coordinated and had very hard to follow the moves when doing cardio axe and even bum bum was n't great for me . I did like sclupt , high and tight and tummy tuck . I just ordered P90X and I think this will be more something I am looking for!Brazil Butt Lift is great for people who like dancing or who are able to move their hips ... apparently this is not me ! : -RRB-
 I just purchased this and so far I love it ! even though this is my third day of using it , I can definetly feel the burn and tightening . If you are someone like me who enjoys dancing this is a great workout . Leandro works out your entire body not just your butt , but a lot of the moves targets the butt area and every place else for you to have a nice toned body . I will keep you updated once I have completed my workouts . I would recommend this fun and encouraging workout to anybody you will not be disappointed !
 Received this workout collection on a Tuesday but planned to start it the following Sunday.I watched the `` Basic '' and `` Bum Bum '' DVD the following day and plan to watch all of them before doing them to get an idea of what I would be doing.I got a little curious of how I would feel after doing them so Thursday -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I did the `` Basic '' twice to target both sides of my body ... had more energy so then I did the `` Bum Bum '' ... had more energy so I decided to try the Cardio AXe ... I must say the next day that I can feel that I worked my butt and other parts of my body and did n't lift one weight or use a band of any kind.I tried the pencil test , and though I know I need to tone , and was glad the pencil dropped ... did n't stay under my butt ... I like giving them a test run a week before I start the program ... I took photos after working out yesterday but figured that was n't too bad since it 's still early on ... I am looking forward to my 30 day photo , 60 day photo , and my 90 day photo ... This is more fun that the P90X and Insanity ... If you tend to be very active I would highly recommend a workout regimen that keeps you moving ... it will keep your interest longer ... 10/19/2011Make sure you review these DVD 's when you get them.The Tummy Tuck workout would not play.I requested to return the item with a replacement but Amazon would not do that because it 's not their product ... comes from Beach Body.But , they provided me with an instant refund before I even shipped back the product.How great is that?I did order a new one which is being delivered today and then I 'll send back the one that 's not working.Just wanted everyone to know of Amazon.com 's great service to it 's customers -LRB- I 'm a Prime Member as well -RRB- . LOVE AMAZON.COM !!!! -LRB- : - -RRB-
 I agree with the other reviewers . This work out is SOOOO much fun . I challenge you to do it without smiling . AND it produces results , however as stated by others it requires a moderate degree of balance , timing , co-ordination and fitness right from the beginning , which can be disheartening if you do n't get it . If this is an issue I 'd suggest trying Slim in 6 before or instead of this work out . Slim in 6 -LRB- also from beachbody -RRB- is a predictable , methodical , repetitive -LRB- aka boring -RRB- low impact beginners work out that gets great results . It 's heavy on legs and booty and you 'll get stellar stems if you stick with it.The best workout is the workout you will do .
 I 've been a fan of beachbody workouts for awhile now , I own P90X , Insanity and Brazilian Butt Lift . They all have their benefits , and for fastest fat burning results I found Insanity to be the best , however with toning your lower half -LRB- and keep in mind i own all of Jillian Michaels dvds as well to mix things up too -RRB- and I will say Leandro ` sBum Bum workout -- and this is n't a stretch but I find it pretty intense as Insanity 's plyo cardio workout , which if you are new to Insanity is pretty impressive the Leandro did that , and if you get on ebay and can get just ONE dvd to tone your lower half , that would be it -LRB- Bum Bum workout -RRB- . However , if you are not in great shape or not already kind of on that road already , I 'm not saying you ca n't do it , but it 's tough and fast paced as well , and you will be sore and COULD get discouraged and give up -LRB- as I did at first until I was more ` ready ' -RRB- and just have to be patient with yourself and work at it . I still ca n't keep up in some parts so you just have keep working at it , and know that maybe instead of 4 reps of curtsies during that section-fit in three reps instead , try not overdo it basically and as long as you keep moving you 'll see results . The other dvds with the collection are good , but mostly floor work and one with weights , but you can honestly get those same types of workouts in other dvds with floor exercises that focus on the glutes . It 's that bum bum workout that is the best I think -LRB- and . . it has a long workout , a short 10 minute killer one -LRB- ` rapido ' -RRB- if you do n't have time and a real focused one on one type in between workout that 's intense-featuring a girl who also is in the Insanity dvds ironically -RRB- . My one thing to add too that may be a tad negative is the fact it is a tough very intense lower body workout his warm up is lacking-probably due to trying to keep the time condensed . I advice to do at least a 5 minute warm up prior to doing the dvd -LRB- or just pop in Insanity 's warm up only -RRB- but basically if you did a minute of each ; jumping rope , jogging , high knees , butt kicks and then some yoga stretches with warrior one etc to really warm up those thighs and quads , and glutes because if I do n't -- and you really try to keep up you will be too tight and may injure yourself . Besides that , this workout does work to reshape that butt , as it states and you WILL burn fat with this workout alone . I 'm heading to the islands here and this workout did a nice job of toning me up for the ole swim suit ! Enjoy , highly recommended , if you can hang !
 I 've had this work out series for a month . I 'm a new Mom and I do n't have time everyday but it does n't seem to matter . I havd a totally flat rear and a bulging belly , my waist shrunk and my bum bum grew ! I got what I asked for .
 After having read all the reviews , I was a little hesitant to purchase Brazil Butt Lift -LRB- BBL -RRB- DVDs . I ended up purchasing this directly from BeachBody . Shipping was incredibly fast . I just finished the first week -LRB- though I started two weeks ago -RRB- . You might think that perhaps I am not serious about the workouts - actually my problem is one of my knees gives me problems so I can not do these workouts on their schedule . I 've adapted it so that I do two days of workouts , one day of rest . There is no way my body can handle that many days straight of exercise so I 've modified rather than risk injury . Having said that , I have already lost 1/2 inch from both thighs and my waist , and my butt looks better ! Very glad I purchased this!Some positives :1 -RRB- Workout is intense so you get fast results , and it pushes me to do more , while I take the breaks when I need them . Hoping by the end of the series I can do them without breaks .2 -RRB- I actually like Leandro but would agree that sometimes he is hard to understand . But I find him motivating .3 -RRB- I like the variety of the DVDs so you are n't doing the same thing every day . Having said that , if you are like me , you will find the Bum Bum workout can be particularly hard on knees .4 -RRB- I like the calendar they give you . I 've been following that with the modification of two days workout , one day rest and am seeing results.Negatives :1 -RRB- While not as distracting to me as other reviewers , I am not a fan of switching between sets , and there is at least one move where I could really use them staying on one set so I can get the move down .2 -RRB- If they could show us more of the folks doing Level 1 , that would help us mere mortals who are n't quite up to level two yet : - -RRB- 3 -RRB- I already know what my body can handle , and do n't consider myself wussy for not doing some of these moves , but it should come with a warning that this is WAY intense . Definitely not for you if this is your first workout in years.I look forward to continuing the series and seeing continued results!WEEK 2 Update
 This workout series is really tough , but it does deliver results . I followed the program almost to the letter -LRB- I hated the Cardio Axe so I substituted a run those days -RRB- and I got good results . I started out feeling really clumsy and uncoordinated but because of the repetition I was able to master the moves and sequences . I do n't care much about the camera work or the music because I can tune those things out to focus on the exercises . Because as long as the exercises are effective -LRB- which they are -RRB- the rest is just frills . I felt some of the movements/sequences were too jarring and/or moved too quickly and it did cause some tendonitious-like symptoms in my knee which I 'd never experienced before -LRB- and I 'm an avid runner as well as weight-lifter -RRB- so I advise you to be cautious and listen to your body to avoid injury.Overall I lost a total of 7.5 inches head to toe , which is impressive to me ! I did n't lose weight but that was n't my goal . My goal was to lift the booty , slim the thighs while improving cardiovascular health and have fun . This workout met those goals , but did n't get 5 stars due to the fact my knees hurt when I was done -LRB- side lunges do n't need to be done at break-neck speed to see results -RRB- . Overall very good .
 The workout is fantastic . I have had such a hard time finding a workout program that actually works for me and is engaging enough to stick with . I found it with Brazil Butt Lift . I am still a bit of a tomboy at heart , so I do n't really care for the more `` girly '' workout videos . Plus , I find the instructors on those videos to be a bit boring and dry . When you are bored , you do n't stick with it . Brazil Butt Lift had me hooked on the first day.Leandro is an adorable , lively instructor that motivates without lecturing or speaking down to you . I love his cute Brazilian accent and cheerful personality . Plus , you will WORK with these videos . My first day I did a total of about 60 minutes and I was dripping in sweat . I was sore the next day , but not in the excruciating way I 've experienced with past workouts . It was different . I felt this internal warmth that came from muscles that I did n't know I had!I 'm only on day 6 and I 've already lost a 1/2 inch from my arm , waist , hip and thigh measurements . I ca n't wait to see the results in 30 days ! I 'm hooked and I find I really look forward to my Butt Lift workouts.There are a lot of dance movements in the videos -LRB- especially the Cardio Axe video -RRB- that take a few tries to get right . But once you do get them down you feel like you are ready for Carnival ! I ca n't recommend this enough .
 I just completed my first month of Brazil Butt Lift . I 'm a very fit , frequent exerciser and I could not believe the results I got . I lost 73/4 inches total in 4 weeks -LRB- off my waist , butt , hips , and thighs -RRB- . I continued my regular spin classes on Tuesday and Thursdays , but followed the Pear program for the remainder of the time . The cardio axe is quick moving and fun , the high and tight workout really makes it burn where you need it , and tummy tuck is a serious ab workout . Bum Bum is probably the hardest of the workouts given all the lunges and squats , but I found that it provided both cardio and strength . I highly recommend this series !
 For starters , as a middle-aged beginner , I usually hate exercising and get bored quickly until I started this Brazilian Butt Lift series . I 'm about to enter week 4 . This 3 DVD set has 6 routines and a schedule to follow based on your desired results plus a maintenance program . Expect to spend an hour for 6 days a week -LRB- 2 routines per day -RRB- . The first time I could n't keep up especially with the quick transitions between moves but now , while still needing quick breaks , can follow along much better and really benefit . You really do feel it in your butt muscles-the first ever for an exercise program ! I really like that they do n't stop and talk like many videos but keep it moving . This is a huge plus the more you work the program . It feels more like dancing and less like traditional gym exercising -LRB- Julian Michaels and the rest -RRB- although there may be a few of those slipped in the routine as well as pilates . The bongo music is less dated and cheesy than other programs . Leandro Carvalho is enthusiastic without being over the top . I have even recommended this to friends -LRB- a first -RRB- .
 I love this workout ! I Workout regularly but I 've had a hard time dropping the last 10 punds of baby weight -LRB- 4 years later -RRB- and this along with jillian michaels , and winsor pilates once a week has totally transformed my body . My butt is as lifted now as it was before having a kid . My favorite videos are the Bum , Bum and High and Tight . I find myself only having to do about 20 minutes and then doing about 10-15 minutes of abs and it has really shaped my bottom half . The cellulite I did have on the back of my legs has improved dramatically . I try to really stretch beforehand , especially for my knees , because it is a lot of lunges/squats . But with a healthy -LRB- or semi-healthy -RRB- diet , you can really shed pounds , and tone up . With these 3 workouts , I 've lost about 7 lbs in a month or so , which is hard to do after reaching a plateau , and my legs are n't overly muscular as a result , which is nice . Of course , along with anything diet is basically key , so if I eat poorly one day , I get my ass in check the next day to compensate . Overall , he has a great program , great enthusiasm , and even a killer ab workout included . Love it .
 I bought the BBL workout about a month and a half ago from Beach Body . I got it because I had just completed the Insanity workout and it actually worked . I losted 17 pounds and like 10 inches off my body . Anywho , I 've NEVER did any type of workout DVDs before . I started BBL yesterday and my butt is sore now ! I can tell that I am using muscles that I 've never used or should I say have n't been working out . I agree with everyone else on that the workouts get confusing how he changes up , but I 'm pretty sure by next week I will have it down . I thought this would be easy since I did Insanity . I was shocked !! I was sweating like crazy . The only thing I do n't like is that he does n't do a good warm up before starting . I love Insanity 's warm-up , so I will do that warm up and then start with the BBL workout . I 'm African American and I have a big butt . I just want to tighten up . I think I 'm too jiggly sometime . I will give everyone an update once I 'm done . Good luck to all !!
 hello , i just want to know if the manuals and diet programs comes in spanish too ?? please let me know , or if i have to let the seller know that i want them in spanish , please tell me how to do that . . thanks
 I had high hopes for the Brazilian Butt Lift DVDs and am pleased to say that they are living up to their name already . I mix one of the BBL workouts in with others I do -LRB- Chalean Extreme , bike riding , etc -RRB- and in less than a month have noticed a definite lift . Leandro is an enthusiastic instructor without being too pushy or over the top , which I appreciate . I 'm excited to continue using these fun workouts and see the results as they come .
 Like the variety available with the different workouts , and the suggestions he gives to follow a more specialized plan , based on the results you 're looking for . Full of energy , fun to watch , easy enough to do and yet challenging enough to keep you interested !
 I started this program a few months ago . Wanted to wait on the review because you wo n't really know if something is worth it until you 've been using it for a while . It is n't magic , but if you DO the workouts you will get results . I have n't done anything different with my diet at all and I 've still lost over 10 pounds and I FEEL way better . I 've had back surgery so I wanted something low impact and also something that would work my auxiliary muscles and make it easier for me to move in general . To those who say the cardio axe is too dancey I 'd say do n't skip it anyway , all those goofey hip circles and stuff really serve an important purpose , you get all of the stabilizing muscles going and you may not feel it right away but it will improve your balance and make it so you can do other exercises with good form . I am also completely uncoordinated - it comes naturally , and on top of that I 've had major reconstructive surgery and tend to move a bit like frankenstien anyway - and I had to concentrate really hard and go over and over the cardio one for probably the first 6 times I did it ... not going to lie , but the good thing is that I never get bored with it because it 's really fun once you get it ... and I 'm pretty sure I 'm one of the least coordinated people that could try this . If it helps do n't think of it as trying to dance sexy , just think of trying to move as much of your body as smoothly as possible , as an exercise first and then you 'll find yourself having fun with it as a byproduct later without even trying ... and it IS fun.So , about the exercises
 Although I sometimes feel uncoordniated when I do this workout sometimes I love it . I bought it after a co-worker said she had it and really thought it was a great program .
 This is great ! It finally motivated me to work out consistantly . I 'm on week 3 and still going strong . Like the results !
 I only wish the case was designed as well as the workouts ! See , the little plastic ring where you snap in your dvd is too tight . It chips the dvd and broke one of mine . At that time , I 'd already finished a 2 month round of BBL . I loved the workout . It gave me better results than anything else I 've done . My body really likes this workout and though I plan to incorporate other forms of exercise , I want to keep BBL in my rotation for a long , long time . I 'm ordering another set and will keep them in a better quality case so they last . I love this workout so much that I do n't even feel ripped off buying it twice ; it 's THAT good .
 I already have a BIG BOOTY , but you still have to keep it in shape or else you 'll have a BIG DROOPY BOOTY ! I bought this video 2 years ago and I have been using it off and on when I think my butt needs a pick me up . I like the booklet that they give you that has different booty types in it . You choose the booty closest to your own and you do the videos that they suggest . You do n't have to do it all in one day , but its ideal if you can . I already recieved attention about my rear , but now , its increased ! Lol I wish men commented more on my intellegence or a feature a little more north of my waistline , but at least I know that the hard work is paying off . I also followed some of the food changes that comes with the video . I love food , so I could n't completely switch over . My complaint is that the instructor kind of moves to different positions quite quickly and if you do n't do aerobics or dance it can frustrate you , but once you get the rythem or you 've done the video for a while , then its second nature . I like the bands and I have heard that the bands break , mine have n't yet , but I hope that beach body comes up with a more durable material . They give you ankle weights that you can wear while you go grocery shopping or cleaning the house . I also like that the majority of the moves you can modify , so if you are not in fabulous shape like the ladies on this dvd , no problem you can take it easy and work up to it . To be realistic to have a JLo or Kim K tush its genetics , BUT you can most definitely have a firmer and more lifted behind , that looks great in what ever you choose to put your tush in . I would reccommend this video for anyone that is not afraid and is able to work hard to make a change to their body . If you are unrealistic and think you 'll have a celebrity behind in a month then this is n't for you because it takes hard work , some food changes , dedication , and above all patience . This work out is n't for everyone , but I LOVE IT !!
 ... how I feel about it . I took a hiatus from working out . I 've only used the beginning level BUM BUM , it 's advanced to me . The workout involves coordination and squatting and jumping and rapid movements with no transition between . They have one black girl hidden in a corner and two girls that are supposed to show the less advanced versions of the moves , but they are not prominently displayed . When they cut from the studio to the beach -LRB- and this happens a lot -RRB- the girls are n't even in the shot . The workout is effective . I felt it after the first day and I was only able to do 10 minutes of it plus the learning DVD . When I did work out , I used Chalene Johnson 's Turbo Jam which is like Tae-Bo with dancing . Leandro 's is a completely different work out . I 've done BUM BUM 3 times now and I can complete it though not with the precision , vigor and smiles of the girls in the video . I have n't even looked at the other segments . This workout is challenging and probably not for beginners . In the video , he talks about using a chair if you need to . 1 -RRB- There 's no time to get chair . 2 -RRB- You 'd likely hurt yourself depending on the space you have when he transitions from one thing to another . If you 're a beginner who likes a challenge , you might like it . If you have back , neck , knee , shoulder , coordination , dancing or self-confidence problems , this is likely not for you .
 I 'm on week 3 of the program . I chose to go with the `` combination '' schedule because I 'm working out with two other girls and our rear situations are all different . I 've lost 3 inches in my waist and 2 on my hips . My thighs have gone down an inch each and all my clothes are fitting better/loser . This program is so much more than just a ` butt lift ' system , It really is an all-over workout regimen with emphasis on your glutes . Please do n't expect extreme results if you decide not to make any dietary changes . On of the girls I work out with was disappointed she was n't seeing quick results like my other friend and myself . She 's making changes , but they are minor due to her terrible eating habits . This is definitely a workout program that you can use for a very extended amount of time . You can mix and match the videos to your liking , the workouts become fun and enjoyable once the moves are memorized , and the satisfaction of the end result is priceless . I look foward to using this system for a long time to come .
 A lot of these butt workout products do n't work . Well 90 percent of them do n't . Then a few work butt can create legs that were once skinny into tree trunk looking meaty guys which is not a good trade off even with a great perfect butt . This workout steers away from creating big legs - and yes women can gain that much muscle - it happens - if not than try a weight lifting butt routine and in six to eight weeks find out for yourself . This one takes a while and is a little cheesy at times due to the instructors voice but he is n't trying to come off to `` beach musical , '' so his seriousness and great instruction technique allows you to forget the accent after a while . Great product by beach body , and quality is better than P90X in my opinion . The retail price is over $ 75 and worth it , so this was a great buy at a lower cost . I will keep this in my collection and get the butt for six months and give the butt a break for three months and repeat . If you do n't stretch in addition to the workout then you wo n't heal properly enough to progress in the way you want.Mean Plan
 Brazil Butt Lift really work ! I was n't overweight but I wanted some toning in those trouble areas so i decided to buy this workout . My trouble spots were this little bulge of fat above my butt and inner and outer thighs ... I know workouts are supposed to be challenging but this one KICKED MY BUTT ! omgosh ! I mean I did n't expect such a hard workout from such a soft title but Jeezus ! High and tight is still the most challenging for me but believe me ... this workout works . A moderate healthy diet and this workout WILL get you results ... I 've actually never written a review but for Brazil Butt Lift I HAD to
 I have only done 3 days of this program so far , and my muscles are so sore , but at least I know it is working . I keep thinking that I am so sore I will not be able to do it the next day but , The dvd 's keep your mind off of how sore you are . I am 30 yrs old , and thought that I was in pretty good shape , but I was wrong , I think if you follow this program correctly and eat right , you will notice big improvements . This is probability not for beginners though . Some of these other reviews say they are written by beach body themselves so I wrote this from a real mother of 2 . I will try and update after I have used this program longer.UPDATE
 I am in my mid-thirties and I do n't usually like to buy workout DVDs but tried this one b/c scientifically , it seemed that it would probably work . I like how there is a specific 4 wk plan depending on the results you want to achieve . -LRB- If left to my own devices , I would give up on DVDs within a month ! -RRB- The other motivating factor is that you do see results with your own eyes within 7-10 days . I have not changed my eating habits very much except to drink pop only twice a wk -LRB- instead of almost daily -RRB- and give up eating a big cookie every day with lunch . Despite that , I can still see results to my `` trouble spots '' that developed with the pregnancy/birth of my son . What I notice the most though is that my clothes are looser in those areas . I think these are tough woukouts at first especially if you are out-of shape but with time you will have much better endurance!I am starting wk 4/4 now and then will move on to the `` classic '' routine thereafter . I think the best thing I can say to readers is that this wkend , my sister-in-law saw me in my new jeans and SHE was inspired to buy the videos that day !!! Ca n't say enough about this set of workout DVDs !!
 I have now completed week 2 of the 4-week `` classic solution '' program of the Brazil Butt Lift series , and I am generally pleased so far . There have been several exercises that were new to me , and I am pleased that there are workouts included for the upper body and abs as well as the butt . I also like the flash cards that explain each of Leandro 's signature moves , as it is not always obvious which muscles are being targeted during the workout . I have full confidence that I will see a noticeable difference at the end of the 4-week period , and I intend to continue doing some of the workouts even beyond that point in order to maintain what I expect to build up.My only criticisms are
 This is a great cardio and lower body workout . The cardio keeps your heart-rate up and only takes a little over 30 minutes . Not much of a warm-up , so I would suggest doing a good warm-up before beginning the cardio axe portion . The toning and strengthening workouts for the booty also work the legs and the abs . I had been doing p90x and was using this for cardio and I had a difficult time completing the workouts for the legs/booty and the abs !! I was sore a couple of days later and anyone who has done the legs part of p90x knows that your legs get an excellent workout , but this routine really works different muscles -LRB- I do n't know how Leandro found them , but he did -RRB- . I like to mix and match my workouts weekly to keep me interested and this is a great addition to my routines .
 I am doing a follow up to my original post now that I am 3 days in ... all I can say is WOW ! I buy things after reading reviews , so I hope this inspires a gal to buy ! Let me just tell you , it is not for the faint of heart ! I have been working out all my life , and in the last 10 years become a fan of doing DVDs , P90 the original , Turbo Jam , Sean T , Billy Blanks , etc. , but this is by far my favorite ! This workout is awesome !!! And you can tailor your workout with the book according to your `` butt type '' . I am a pear butt , and it gives you 2 weeks of the Pear Butt workouts , then switch to normal for 2 weeks , then back to pear etc. . A few of the moves I have never even seen before , so I can tell they are working my butt . And all these `` commercials '' everyone keeps complaining about ??? Huh ??? All the DVDs do before you start your workout is reminding you to log onto Beachbody.com IF you use their tracker to log in your workouts . Can you really not handle 25 seconds of that ? lol . All Beachbody DVDs do that . It is not annoying at all . The Cardio Axe DVD is an assault on your abs and gets you moving to a fun Brazilian beat , it 's like dancing , and I CAN NOT dance , but I do my best b/c it 's just fun ! I feel like I 'm going to have 8-pack abs in 4 weeks at this rate . The Tummy Tuck is the best ab DVD I 've ever done , and I own about 25 at-home workout DVDs ! I stretch extra -LRB- especially after Bum Bum -RRB- because you will be incredibly sore if you do not stretch a LOT after the first day , especially if you do n't really workout or do n't normally do lunges and lower body work . I could go on for days about it . I am so happy with my purchase and ca n't wait for bikini season ! I have always had a booty and cellulite , it 's in my family , no matter how thin we are , we have cottage cheese ! :P I am hoping this will be something to help firm me up and sculpt my booty ; cellulite reduction would be great , but like I said , it 's genetic in my family , so we 'll see ! Good luck
 When I first saw the infomercial on this product , I thought it was a little bit gimmicky - I mean , come on , the pencil test ? Seriously ? However , after a while I thought it looked like fun program with upbeat music and different moves that might challenge me more than the same-old , same-old workouts I 'd been doing.I thought I was pretty tough to be doing an hour on the stepper at the gym , but this workout literally kicks your a $ $ , hitting every little muscle fiber in your butt through a variety of different moves . If you 're saggy or flabby , this will whip your boo-tay into shape in short order.The moves are relatively easy to follow and if you have any semblance of athletic ability , you 'll pick it up after the first time . It gets easier and harder at the same , since the moves will flow better but you 'll be pushing yourself to work harder the easier it becomes . Leandro always says , `` Do n't settle for less ! '' which actually makes sense - if you do n't give it your all , the only one who gets screwed is YOU.The only caveat that I would mention is that even with the `` Classic '' program -LRB- the most work = the most results -RRB- , you 'll need to supplement the program with a little extra cardio -LRB- 1 - 2 hours per week -RRB- in order to get enough cardio for serious weight loss . However , after doing these workouts , you 'll WANT to do the extra cardio to show off the muscles you 've sculpted .
 I started doing the Brazilian Butt Lift workout about two weeks ago . These exercises are not easy , the Bum Bum exercise is very hard . It takes doing some of these exercises a few times and pausing the dvd to go back to get some of these workout moves . The dvds move very fast . These dvds are good because they are not long , the workouts last about 30-50 minutes . I had tried the p90x prior to this and I thought that the exercises were too long and I would get bord . There is no time to get bord in these exercises . I have already noticed a change in my cloths and stomach . I fit am already fitting into jeans in my closet that were previously too small . I have not taken weight or measurement yet , but I will update in a few weeks .
 I do think it is a great focus on the gluteal and outer thigh areas , especially the High & Tight DVD , that 's my personal favorite . The Bum Bum and Cardio Axe are good workouts too . Leandro is a little goofy , but I like him and find him motivating . The Sculpt DVD is a good multi-purpose workout . None of the videos are too hard , or too easy . I did buy additional exercise bands though . The one provided is great for novices , but I bought the Versa Loops -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- 12-inch length , in all the colors provided -LRB- about $ 3 each -RRB- so I could advance my resistance as tolerated . I do see and feel a difference . I would recommend Brazil Butt Lift .
 I was originally looking for a dance workout DVD but could n't find anything with mostly positive reviews . After coming across the reviews for this system I remembered that there was an infomercial for it on one of the channels I get and watched 15 minutes of it before deciding to buy it from Amazon -LRB- for the same `` call now and get this special price '' amount when shipping was included -RRB- . I love this system . Unlike other DVDs I get bored of after a few times , this really is motivating since I am doing either a different workout every day or different combinations . It is really tough so I started out doing the best I could to keep up and just get the moves right -LRB- no coordination for some of the dance moves ! -RRB- but by the third time for each workout I had it all down . I am sore after each workout and I can feel my muscles burning , but not so sore that I ca n't function the next day like I was when working with a trainer at Gold 's Gym.I have two kids and a husband who is overseas for what feels like an eternity , so this is a great system I can do as soon as the kids go to bed . 45-55 minutes and I feel the change ! I have been doing it for almost two weeks and can feel the difference , even in my thighs and stomach.Although there is great information in the diet book , none of the recipes are anything I would actually make unless I took the book with me to the grocery store ; although even then the thought of ricotta cheese and fruit does n't sound good at all . But I have been using the recommended calorie intake and snack guide -- I have already lost 6 pounds.Overall , this was the best $ 70 I ever spent . It beats the $ 75/month I would be spending at the gym and takes a lot less time .
 Ok , so I purchased the DVD . I 'm 30 and I want to ensure my butt gradually falls not drop like a flat pancake . LOLBut seriously , this tape is a LITTLE FAST PACED . Its wonderful having a motivated instructor but they should really put the level of the individuals listed somewhere . I have to bascially build my self up and still am not near with completing one session . The moves take TIME to do correctly . They are advanced and require balance . The instructor is a ballet professional but I do n't believe he really took into account the women or men that were buying this . I have n't done ballet since I was a child and probably spent a few months due to my attention span became bored.But I believe if you continue with the program you will be able to complete the series and receive effective results.So good luck to the buyers.P.S . Be patient and stop when you feel pain - Its not worth hurting yourself .
 Whoa ! I literally just finished this workout . I started with the first day and all I can say is wow ! I am a fat kid for sure . I 've done some working out in the past two years . Mainly weight training and the elliptical . However any improvements I made I would undo them with my horrible addiction to fast food . I am 31 5 ' 6 and if the chart is correct I need to lose between 60 and 70 lbs . So that gives you an indication as to what type of fat kid I am . I 've also had two children in the past three years so I 'm still carrying baby weight . I 've taken a Zumba class and loved it . I 've even walked/jogged in five 5k 's . So I would say I am at the cusp of trying to improve my lifestyle . With that being said ... this is an extreme workout . I found some of the stuff a little overwhelming and as one of the reviewers pointed out they do n't show modified movements for everything . So I invented my own . If you have n't worked out in a long time this may be very difficult for you and could deter your efforts . If you keep envisioning yourself as a svelte person that might help keep you on track . The provided plan seems like it would be better for someone who is in mostly good shape just maybe carrying an extra ten lbs . Since I have seven times that amount , I think I will do the `` bum bum '' video everyday for the next week . Once I am more comfortable with that and have a better grasp of the moves then I will start the plan . I would say if you like Zumba but want another challenging fun workout this is it . Good luck to everyone who buys it ! Also it comes with a diet plan , but I think I am going to do South Beach since it 's just about the samething .
 I have been blessed/cursed with an ample bottom but could definitely use some major toning . It is by far THE hardest and Most effective butt workout ; worth all the money , sweat and tears . Yet the real testament
 Great workouts ! They really help get your butt in shape very quickly if you committ & do them regularly . I recommend taking the time to do a stretching warmup , really focusing on your legs & hamstrings before beginning each workout . The workouts kind of take you through a little warm up but if you 're like me & have tight leg muscles then you really need to stretch well beforehand to avoid getting a pulled muscle . I pulled my left hamstring a week into doing the workouts & was really disappointed because I had to put my progress on hold for a week until I recovered . Also drink plenty of water & let your muscles rest for a couple of days in between workouts if you feel like you need it . These are very targeted workouts that focus heavily on specific muscle groups . Muscles will need time to rest and rebuild in between workouts before you can see any results without any injuries : -RRB-
 I am fortunately genetically blessed with a bum bum already . It was nice and perky in high school and started to sag a few months into my marriage when I gained my `` happy weight . '' Since my butt is my only favorite feature about me , I decided it was high time to get working on it.Not going to lie , this was quite difficult for me . It could maybe be because I had done kickboxing a few days before trying this and was sore already . I received this yesterday and started right away and did today 's workout as well.My bum is crazy sore but I like that feeling . Makes me feel like I 'm doing it right and making progress . The Cardio Axe is pretty dancy and I feel like there should be some study guide to some of the dance moves haha . I 'm pretty good at dancing and I do have rhythm , but I feel as though it 's a bit fast for me and I do n't want to lose my proper form and do it wrong.I joined the Team Beach Body website and it 's a nice helpful community that offers support and coaching for their various products.As much pain as I 'm in , I ca n't wait to dive into tomorrow 's workout . Practice , practice , practice !
 I had my first child a couple months ago . So far it really has helped me lose weight . It 's hard to find time to work out at an hour or so at a time . You do two workouts a day , so during my lunch I do one work which lasts about 35minutes . It 's nice and easy to work while my son is at daycare . Then I do the second workout when I get home from work which is another 35minutes . By doing two workouts a day that do n't have to be back to back has made it work for me .
 I saw the infomercials late at night which inspired me to order the dvds . I am young , 22 years old , and am in no way overweight -LRB- 5 ' 7 and 138 lbs -RRB- but I wanted to tone all over and lift my flat butt . The guide that comes in the package gets you to evaluate what kind of butt you have and you follow a specific workout for 4 weeks given your butt type . Then the last 4 weeks is the same for everyone . I have done a weeks worth of work outs and by far the `` bum bum '' workout has been the most challenging for me , it 's pretty up tempo and heavy on cardio . I have to pause it a few times and am dripping sweat within 10 minutes ! Compared to what others have said , I think the moves are easy to follow and he gives you pointers on how to execute properly . If you think the moves are n't challenging you either are n't doing something right or you are too advanced for theses dvds and should probably do something else .
 Awesome workout . I 've tried the insanity workout but it was too hardcore and designed more for men . The Brazilian butt lift really targets the areas I need . It is pretty intense but after only a couple weeks I am able to notice a difference without even doing it everyday . I highly recommend this product .
 I 'm starting on my second week , and although I 'm still sore from the first week , I 'm loving it ! BBL is a fun , intense , very effective workout . I 've lost 1 inch around my waist and 1.5 inches around my hips only in one week ! This series has cardio paired with sculpting moves to get you in shape fast ! Also , its fun so I look forward to doing the dvds . This series is easy to fit into your schedule . Expect to devote 35-60 minutes 6 days a week . However , there are options when you are short on time . The `` Bum Bum Rapido '' DVD is no joke ! I though it would be easy , being that it is only 10 minutes long , but I was so wrong ! I was super sore the next day and felt it ALL over my body . That 's another thing - this is more than just a booty workout - its reshapes your entire body . I 'm literally sore in spots that I never knew could get sore lol . The only problem I 'm having -LRB- which really is n't a problem -RRB- is that the ab workout is extremely difficult . I say this because at this time I have to really modify the moves in order to do any of them , but I know the stronger I get the easier the moves will become and I will be able to do them ! I ca n't wait to see what the next week brings!Update
 Purchased this for my daughter who has tried it for a couple of weeks or so . One of the DVDs did not work in the player like it should . I notified the vendor via Amazon.com and a replacement DVD was sent to me right away . My daughter and a friend have worked the exercises and she has lost an inch from her hips in the couple of weeks she has had the Brazil Butt Lift program . This product is producing results as the advertising promised .
 I am ending my gym membership because I enjoy this set of DVDs so much . With being consistent , and incrementally adding ankle weights , and higher resistance bands to the workouts , anyone can achieve the desired results they want . Carvalho is great . I enjoy his happy attitude and he explains things in a timely way so you never need to stop and potentially miss a step . Try this , and you will not be disappointed . In addition to the ` butt ' workouts , the sculpt workout with weights and cardio is great too .
 I 've only used it a couple of times before I hurt my knee at work but its definitely an amazing workout
 Hello , I made a negative review about this item before because one of the DVD was defective , and i was not happy about it . However I came to a fair agreement with the seller , and I received a full refund . As far as the Brazil Butt Lift I have to say that It is a very good work out program , fun , and very efective . I recomend it .
 Have n't tried yet but will . Very impressed with customer service . Shipping was fast and package came with a nice note .
 wow ! really intense workout surprisingly . i 've only done one of the dvds so far but i got a lot out of it . am i the only one who noticed he sounds like borat ?
 Received package well before expected date . All contents were in perfect condition . Seller even went so far as to enclose a personalized note . Would definitely purchase from this seller again .
 I 'm pretty fit , tried p90x , Jillian Michaels , etc and this is just as challenging . I just started so I 'll update everyone on how it goes .
 Overall it is a good workout ... the ` Bum Bum ' dvd is the hardest/most intense workout and really makes you sweat , and will definitely leave you sore . The only qualm I really have is that he is surrounded by these insanely ripped fitness goddesses with these horrid plastered smiles cemented on thier faces for the entirety of every workout . It is annoying when you are struggling with the workouts and they are staring at you barely breaking a sweat with thier huge deranged robot smiles . If you can get past that it 's a good workout !!! I 've been doing it for about two weeks and feel a stronger core and feel it working in muscles I 've never worked before . The ` High and Tight ' dvd is an awesome butt workout . ` Sculpt ' is great as well .
 I bought this program for my wife who is Asian and has a flat butt ; however , after the first month her butt started to lift up , become more tight and firm . Also , there is the benefit that nobody ever talks about
 Love this workout ! It really targets diff areas of your butt in addition to providing a balanced source of cardio and resistance . It has shaped not just my butt , but my entire backside to look less muffin-toppy and more slender .
 Just bought this and starting the program next monday as presently Ive got a little cold and eating foods to cater to that for the time being . However the 6-day slim down plan looks fab and I 'm super excited ! Note to the folks who 've never heard of the pencil test , it is NOT to be placed on the upper part of your booty as I was thinking but below to see if it gets caught up in flub . Was hoping I 'd get myself a booty shelf , lol but oh well ; -RRB-
 This is a great workout program . I love all the workouts , they are very interesting and fun , and go by surprisingly fast . You can really feel the moves working every angle of your butt , core , and legs . Many of the moves work your whole body as well , and you will really work up a sweat . Leandro is great motivation ... he is super excited about life ! His motto is `` Never settle for less '' which really makes me feel motivated , especially at the hard points in the workouts when you want to give up.I decided to get this workout program specifically to get ready for spring break , because I definitely was n't ready to wear a swimsuit . But once I saw this and saw good reviews , I bought it . It is a great program because it creates a schedule for you , so you know what workouts to do each day . I am in the first week and I can really feel it already . I notice a difference in the way I look and feel after just a few days . I have 6 weeks until swimsuit time , and I know that if I stick with this I will be happy ! Make sure you take before/after pictures and measurements too -- the videos come with a measuring tape and card to write everything down . I have to say though , I am in pretty good shape and many of the moves were difficult , especially the Pilates-type moves that BURN ! But I think anyone could do this , you would just have to work up to the full moves . I am soooo excited to see the results with this .
 This is a challenging workout that is so much fun you do n't even care !!! I highly recommend it !! I started noticing a difference within the first week ! Very effective ! It 's also not just for your butt-it targets every muscle group with unique moves to hit every angle-this is the best workout ever !!
 But I love it!It is very fast-paced and difficult to follow at first but you get used to it . I 'm on my second day of the pear-shape program and I am sore like crazy ! My legs tend to feel like collapsing at the 10 minute mark of Bum Bum but that 's the thing with this program ; you need to push yourself in order to get results . The instructor is very energetic and encourages you to push . I 'm only 17 and I have thick thighs and a not-so-firm tush and ordered this when I saw this on an infomercial . It 's fun and tiring . I ca n't help but take 2-3 one minute breaks to catch my breath but that 's because I have n't worked out since November . Ca n't wait to finish the program and see results !!
 I bought this after a friend recommended it to me and I love it . At first I was skeptical but it gives you a great workout and some of the workouts are a blast . The Bum Bum workout and Cardio Axe are my favorites . I 've notices changes in my booty already and it 's only been 2 weeks .
 The product was on time in my mail box , even before the date it was expected.Great excersice and fitness videos , great routines to sculpt and shape your whole body!The cards are amazing since you can read by yourself the very precise instructions for some exercises.If you are verY organized and consistent , sure you can follow up the entire program of exercise and meals and I am sure it would work as everybody says IT DID WORK!Or just like me , I combine with my usual workout for specific areas , I am really happy !
 This is one of the best home workouts I have ever done . Leandro 's enthusiasm is contagious as are the participants in this video . The instructions are clear and multi-levelled so that they are very doable by every level of fitness . There is a timer on each video that breaks down the excercize sets as well as total workout time . Instructions appear at the bottom of the video for those that do not like to workout with music , plus include the option to turn down the music or turn up Leandro 's voice . The only reason I did n't give this a 5 was that I personally find the Tummy Tuck video to be extremely difficult due to neck issues ...
 For being a work-out video series , it has remained fun and challenging . I feel like I finally get a good work-out even at home . The instructor is so light-hearted and fun ; and most importantly he 's not annoying .
 I bought this dvd set because I wanted to tighten up my thighs and butt . Ive done the program for 5 days now and already I can feel the muscles in my inner thighs and hips and butt are tighter . Im going to stick with this for the month and see how well I like the overall results . It is a great workout for your lower body . Im not sure if it was mentioned in another review or not , but if you are following the program , youre not doing just one 30ish minute workout a day , you do two workouts unless you are doing the sculpt class -LRB- which is 50 min -RRB- . The only negative for me , is I do not care much for the cardio class . It is dancy , which is no problem for me , its just a bit repetitive and to me that gets old quick . He adds different combos and then you go through them all from the top . So on days where I need the cardio , I do Turbo Jam instead .
 As a frequent Beach Body program user and recent gradauate of the Insanity program , I felt a need to give my rave reviews for Brazil Butt Lift!I completed the 63 day Insanity challenge at the end of May , and I was so incredibly pleased with my results . My body really changed , and I was addicted to their programs and the mentality behind them . I ended up purchasing Brazil Butt Lift from Beach Body because while I saw great changes in my whole body , I really wanted something that would focus on my booty :-RRB- I was n't quite where I wanted to be in that area.Now Insanity is CRAZY , but this workout is right up there with it ! Every workout , I can literally feel my `` bum bum '' burning , and I often have to take breaks and stretch . I 've been doing it just randomly for the past 3 or 4 weeks , and I can notice a major difference in my booty ! And this is after doing a crazy workout where you did squats and jumped non-stop ! So if you are looking for an specific booty workout , I would highly recommend this program . I have noticed great results , and I 'm not following the schedule , simply throwing in the video when I 'm not running or doing other exercise .
 So , I 'm 5 ' 2 weigh 148 lbs AND have an overflowing pear shape . There are 3 different workouts you can pick from flat butt , pear butt , and fat butt . I did the fat butt -LRB- third one -RRB- . I do n't work out much so this video kicked my butt literally . I started with the basic where they show you how to do the moves and i was sweating sooo much with it . I later realized my A/C was off BUT the next day i sweated just as much ! I have a hard time doing all the moves since I 'm pretty uncoordinated but I still manage to feel the burn . One thing I do n't really like is by the time I figure out one move he jumps to the next and then it turns into a combo move . Hopefully I 'll get better later on ! Oh and I got my videos from QVC site it came with 3 bands 3 dvds a measuring tape a pencil and some booklets . I have n't really looked at the booklets instead I went straight to the videos .
 There are many things that come with the package
 First , I should say I 'm just your average twenty-something college grad who enjoys exercising and was looking for something fun to do . I 'm not affiliated with Beachbody products in any way.I work out quite frequently and am in good shape , so I thought this would be a good supplement to my regular regime and might , I hoped , add some strength to my butt and thighs . Boy , did I underestimate Leandro ! After pouring sweat and struggling through my first session of Bum Bum , I was sore within hours . I kept at it though , following the outlined workouts for my shape . Within two weeks my pants were looser around the back thigh area and my stomach was noticeably flatter . I 'm in my third week now and while it 's gotten easier to get through the workouts , meaning I 'm gaining real strength , they are still a challenge . I have n't done the pencil test in a few weeks so I 'm not sure if I `` pass '' yet or not , but I 'll try again in week four.The exercises would likely be too challenging for a complete novice to master on the first go-round , as he goes from move to move very quickly and with little notice . But there 's something for everyone and anyone could do at least a few of the exercises . I love that the workouts are short enough -LRB- between 30 and 60 minutes each day -RRB- to fit in to my regular schedule without chaining me to gym equipment for hours . It was more than worth the $ 60 investment and I 'd recommend it to anyone looking to add fitness .
 so i just ordered this yesterday and it has n't come yet but i can not wait till it comes ! i have read some great reviews on this and i 'm hoping that it is true . i have done other tapes like the Tae bo when it was popular back in the 90 's and some other things . i have been in the military and basic training was hard but i loved every moment of it . i always say if i could go through basic every year for the rest of my life i would be happy . so im looking for something that will challenge me . im not one of those zumba kind of girls . . i feel like if too many people are doing it it 's because it 's too easy . in my experience most people do n't like to feel pain so if it 's too much of a rave it 's too easy and therefore does n't work . plus im not trying to dance around i want a workout and i wan na know that i am working out . i love a challenge so lets see how it goes . i will repost when i have used it a while . crossing my fingers . talk to ya later .5 ' 6 130lbs1/31/11Ok . so it 's been about a week since i started the program . . and i love it ! it cam with a pencil which i thought was pretty funny and after only 6 work outs the pencil does n't stay anymore !!! my pants are starting to fit better and i can already see the diff in my thighs and butt ! i love it ! summer here i come ! i have n't measured anything yet so i do n't know exactly how much diff it is but ill give it another week or two and i 'll see what happens ! all i know is that i bought a tiny bikini to motivate me into being able to fit into it by this summer . . 5 ' 6 127lbs
 I really enjoy this DVD . I have my fav workouts and my not so fav . I really like the floor exercises , you can tell they work you . The actuall butt lift work out is really fast paced with some difficult moves in a small space . So I will stick with the other DVDs !
 I did my 1st workout this morning , and it was intense ! Not so much difficult to follow , but the ` Bum Bum ' workout works EVERY SINGLE MUSCLE in your legs and backside . I look forward to tomorrow 's challenge . Every day your workout alternates . You just have follow the outline , and follow through . I believe the previous reviewers when they say they see results within the first week . I ca n't wait to see my results ! : -RRB-
 I like the workouts , but the cardio axe can be very difficult to learn and follow . It needs a tutorial for some of the dance steps . I have only done the cardio axe 3 times , but I still have n't learned the steps , and I do n't feel like I get that great of workout because I spend too much time trying to figure out the turns , and everything else .
 I think this product has produced results quickly and hit my problem areas . I am getting stronger each time I exercise and plan to continue doing it for maintance . It is really fun . The best part is you see the results fast .
 I bought this from the beach body website but I wanted to leave a review here because reading these reviews is really what encouraged me to purchase . I just completed the 6 Day Supermodel Slimdown and I am impressed . I am 5 ' 3 and overweight . In 6 days I have lost 3 pounds and 4.5 '' total . I 've lost a inch of my waist , an inch off my hips ! I can not wait to see what thirty days on this has to offer me ! You will not be disappointed !
 I get sore every time I do a workout ! I havnt been doing it scheduled like I should but I have been doing it a few times a week just to get a workout in and mannnn I stay sore for days ! I 'm hoping once I get past the soreness I can start doing it day to day with the book ! I break a sweat so quickly these dvd 's are just great !
 Super happy with my purchase . Tried it today for the first time and to be honest im a beginner and it was hard to keep up but i did it . I know is going to help me reach my goal
 These workouts are great ! I went from running 1.5 miles 5 days a week to doing this set workout and I can tell a HUGE difference . I have done all types of workouts -LRB- p90x , spartacus , etc -RRB- but nothing has been this effective on my butt and thighs . I am on week 3 and can see the definition in my muscles and can feel everything changing with my shape . The different combinations of the workouts is a nice change from day to day and keeps you from getting bored . It is upbeat and even if you feel silly dancing around on some of it , you know it 's working !
 I have been using the product for a little over a week and am feeling great ! I love to dance and with this workout program the time just flies by because it 's fun ! I like that it has a two different timers , one for the whole routine and the other for the different exercises your doing . You do tons of lunges and squats , I do n't do many of the lunges because of my knee but you can improvise . I would like to loose about 15 pounds and tone up , I think I 'm well on my way ! It 's challenging and very effective !
 I saw this DVD on tv , and ordered it next day on amazon . I did overnight shipping so I could start ASAP . I do not work out at all except for 1 hour long bike ride with my BF every Saturday and sunday to atleast get some activity in . I work at a desk job 12 hours a day.Day 1 - Intro and BumBum WorkoutWOW ! SO HARD ! I was breathing hard , dripping sweat , and definitely felt the burn in my `` bumbum '' . needless to say , i do n't know what those bad reviewers saying this DVD is easy is about . I am 5 ' 7 '' and 160lbs , size 10 pants , 36-31-41 '' measurements -LRB- aka why i need this program lol ... TRIM DOWN THE INCHES ! -RRB- . This workout kicked my ass and I will be returning today for round 2 . Excited to see results . I will check back in ! -LRB- PS , my DVD worked perfectly and the package came with resistance band , eating plan , etc. . . everything promised ... and played in English perfectly -RRB- . DAY 2 - cardio dvd was fun and did get me sweating a raise my heart rate a little , but the BumBum workout definitely made my heart rate much higher . the high and tight workout was whatever . . halfway through i decided to jump on my treadmill instead and use the time more wisely . i 'd say learn those high and tight workouts on your own and add to workouts but not as main workout . stay tuned for day 3 .
 Ah , what can I say about Leandro and his BBL ? It 's terrific ! I love it , mostly because of him . Leandro has the most engaging personality . I actually enjoy working out , and sometimes do more than I planned ! His accent is thick and can be a little hard to understand , but I hope he never changes it as it makes him all the more charming.I do n't care for Cardio Axe -LRB- Ashay -RRB- as it seems a little easier than I 'd hoped for , though I do n't pretend that I 'm a master at the moves ! I love high and tight ! Sooo tiring.And a word to the wise , the band they send with it is weak and not that useful .
 i bought this from this link -LSB- ... -RSB- it cost me 44d great dealBrazil Butt Lift - Workout DVD -LRB- English and Spanish -RRB- I 'm just starting my second week of the program to help tone pear shapes , but after only one week , I 've already noticed a difference -- and that is without making any changes in my eating ! I will be sure to update my review after completing the full one-month rotation , but for now I wanted to record my initial thoughts in case others are thinking about purchasing this program to use this summer.As a bit of background , I 'm an advanced exerciser who usually uses Cathe Friedrich or Jari Love for my weight work , and , especially after doing Shaun T. 's Insanity program last summer , I was worried that Brazil Butt Lift might be too easy -- but it 's not at all ! The cardio workouts are much shorter than I 'm used to doing -LRB- the cardio workouts range from 30-45 minutes long -RRB- so I had been worried that I would gain weight , but I 'm noticing an allover tightening effect instead . In fact , the Tummy Tuck workout is one of the hardest ab workouts I 've ever done.The workouts are a lot of fun , and I love how they jump back and forth between the group being filmed in an indoor dance studio and the beach . The bright colors and the beach scenes make this perfect for thinking about looking good in a bathing suit for the summer . In addition , Leandro 's energy is infectious , and I love his accent and enthusiasm . Many of the moves also come from samba and capoeira , which is fun for me since I did capoeira for several years .
 This workout collection was right up my alley , who does n't want the perfect butt ? After having disappointing results with p90x , and no results with YBB , I thought this butt workout would be just what the doctor ordered . The first few weeks were tough trying to follow along , it is really fast paced , but after that I was moving right along with fairly challenging workouts . I love how efficient Leandro is , he is always making sure we are working more than one body part at a time . I really feel like I am maximizing my workout time , when I dedicate around an hour a day I really do n't want to spend half the time transitioning or resting . Leandro is a funny guy although I do n't think he got the memo that we say and instead of y. ;-RRB- He is very encouraging and I just love how he makes everyone in the videos smile and look like they are having the best time of their lives , even when you can tell that a certain move hurts . I have gotten great results and plan to continue to use the program . I recommend this workout program to anyone who wants to whip their rear into shape .
 I have completed my first week of the program , and I have to say I am really feeling the burn ! I love the bum bum and high and tight workouts the best . I feel like those are the ones that really target my problem areas -LRB- butt and thighs -RRB- . They are very challenging too . I like it that I ca n't do everything yet so I have something to work towards . The only disappointment for me is the tummy tuck workout . It has too many moves that involve crunches in my opinion . Crunches do very little to improve my abs . I am sticking to my pilates video to work my abs in place of the tummy tuck . Besides that one disappointment I am still very happy that I made the purchase and am seeing a difference in my body .
 I bought this workout about a week ago and I LOVE IT !! I was quite hesitant with purchasing this because of cost and I have purchased a few workout dvd 's from the television and felt let down . -LRB- Zumba and Turbo Jam -RRB- But this workout I am completely happy with !! I have done all the workouts so far and they really work your bum bum . I consider myself very advanced when it comes to fitness and I have not found a workout video out there that works your butt as good as this one does . I know some workouts are not for everyone but I would recommend this to anyone who is committed to working out and wanting to really change their body . I hope this helps !
 I saw the infomercial and could n't tear myself away . I never buy things advertised on TV , they never live up to the hype but for some reason I could n't get this one out of my head . After a few days of weighing the pros and cons and learning at my hair appointment that my hair dresser purchased the set and loved it , I gave in and ordered it.I have now been doing the workout for two weeks and overall , it 's a good workout , but it 's no replacement for the gym . For me , it 's something I do in addition to my regular gym routine , which includes at least 40 minutes of cardio and 15-20 minutes of weight training.Day 1 , I did Bum Bum , which was challenging but not too hard to follow and it 's only about 30 minutes , very doable . The next day , I was hurting but excited to try the next workout , High and Tight . That was easy to follow , again about 30 minutes and the next day I was really sore . Day 3 was a day of rest . Day 4 I did Bum Bum again and no soreness at all . Same for High and Tight . Basically , each time I 've done the workouts after the first one , no soreness at all . I do n't know if that 's because my body is used to it or it 's not that hard once you get the hang of it . I just purchased ankle weights to use with the High and Tight workout -LRB- I thought the workout was challenging enough w/o the weights -RRB- but I decided to add the ankle weights because the workout is no longer challenging.As for the meal plan , it 's pretty much exactly how I eat so I have n't tried any of the recipes yet.Overall , I 'm happy with my purchase since I was looking for something to target my butt , however , it 's not going to replace my gym membership anytime soon .
 I really like the different workouts . I have n't followed their recommended schedule but have been doing the different DVDs as time permits . The High and Tight is my favorite and I really feel it after the Sculpt workout .
 great workout - I am sweating everytime and very sore - but thats good ! I just need to be more consistant to see better results .
 This is a really great workout that gets you sweating . I have a lot of workout dvd 's . Some of my faves are , Turbo jam , Jari Love , Jillian Michaels and The Biggest Loser . All of these are not known for any type of dance . I really thought I would have trouble with The Brazil Butt lift series . -LRB- I like kick boxing or interval training myself -RRB- But Leonardo has made a fun workout that is n't too difficult and will get your heart rate up quickly . I love how you can customize the workouts to your body type too . This is a great investment and a lot of fun !
 This plan is a lot of work , but I 'm enjoying it . It 's fun and kind of silly and that makes it easier for me to stick to . As for the 6-day slim down ; I 'm a vegetarian , so I used substitutions , but I lost 8 pounds in 5 days . I was n't expecting it to work at all , but it 's worked better than anything else at keeping me exercising . I do n't think this plan is for everyone - I did n't have much weight to loose when I started -LRB- 15 lbs -RRB- , I really just wanted a work out that I liked and could do at home .
 my ex worked night shifts , so I would often be stuck watching tv waiting for his lazy butt to wake up and the advertisement played non stop , finally I decided to buy it since it is by beach body -LRB- P90X -RRB- and did it for a couple of weeks . I definately felt a burn , however I have an attention span like a dog and his borat voice made me laugh . My sister , however did it , and you can definately tell a difference
 the video came shrink wrapped , however the videos came lose somehow and were kinda scratched . the one video skips slightly , but the others are fine .
 So far I love this program ! It 's fairly easy and a lot of fun . It is time consuming , so make sure you have at least an hr everyday !
 I received Brazil Butt-Lift a long time ago as a present . I did it six days a week for a month and noticed a really big difference in my body , especially in my legs , thighs , and butt . Now I do it maybe once or twice a week , along with everything else I do , and it 's the one workout that seems to really target my butt . The best thing about Brazil Butt-Lift is that it focuses on muscle groupings in the butt and thighs so you get a very broad workout . There are two cardio workouts and three that focus primarily on strength training . I still find this workout very tough , even though I 've been doing it for awhile . It 's a lot of fun and incorporates Brazilian style of dance , especially in the Cardio Axe workout , but I often find myself struggling to finish . The Bum Bum workout is the hardest for me . It incorporates a lot of tricky moves , squats , lunges , and all that other good stuff . The Tummy Tuck is a pretty good ab workout for being only fifteen minutes , but if you 're looking for a six-pack I would add other things to your overall workout that targets the abs . The one I enjoy the most is High and Tight -LRB- this is the one that really targets the butt and thights . -RRB- When I first did the High and Tight , I was so sore I could barely walk or sit down . I worked muscles I did n't even know I had ! The Sculpt is also a really great workout . It 's more of a full-body workout that includes weights , yoga , and a little pilates . The Sculpt workout really taught me how to stretch properly ; the instructor does a great job of explaining the mechanics behind it . I would highly recommend this workout to anyone interested in a challenge . A lot of people I know have said that Brazil Butt-Lift helped them with Zumba and was a nice introduction to Insanity -LRB- if you 're interested in doing either of those workouts . -RRB-
 I just bought the workout . I wasnt sure what to think because I , like others , do feel like some of the reviews are fake . However I actually heard about the workout from one of my twitter friends and decided to give it a try.I am an African American woman and already have a sizeable -LRB- Ginormous ! -RRB- booty . My measurements are 34-29-44 . Also it sits high so the pencil test was not a concern for me . I bought it because I want my booty to stop jiggling so much . lol ! I work out at the gym and I run but I wanted something that would target my butt . I will say this is it !!! Now I just started the workout but I can tell it will work if I keep it up . My butt hurts in places I didnt even know could hurt . I am doing the pear shape workout and completed day 2 this morning . That means I have only seen Bum Bum , Cardio Axe and the tummy one.Bum Bum was pretty hard . I had to stop the dvd about 2 times -LRB- after 10 mins and then 20 -RRB- . But thats a good thing . I feel like it will give me something to work toward.Cardio Axe was fun ! It was like the the cardio class in the guy with a little spice . Instead of a grapevine there was a move which involved scooping sand . So basically it was a remix . I enjoyed that one . However like some other reviewers have mentioned he doesnt really take the time to let you know what the next move will be . I chalk that up to understanding that after I do the workout about 3 times I will be a pro . Hey do you lose less calories if you mis-step ? The tummy workout was pretty standard stuff . I wasnt able to do every single crunch but I think I will be by the end.I think the videos I have seen can be done by a beginner . You will just have to accept that you will not be able to run right though it the first time . Again this is a good thing . Why would you want to do a workout that is easy from the get go?I will update this review in about 2 weeks . If anyone has a question I will try to answer .
 I am a 50 yr old woman . I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and weigh 140 pounds . I wear a 6 or 8 pant . I typically only exercise about 2 months out of the year , right before we go on a beach vacation . haha . I could lose a couple of pounds of fat but mainly interested in tightening everything up . My fitness level is not so good anymore . I am extremely uncoordinated . Now that you know where I 'm coming from on this here goes the review . I have been doing this for 4 weeks now . That is the longest I have been able to sustain any home workout . Can I keep up with them rep for rep. ... NO !! Do I care ... NO !! Can I move my feet , hips , and arms simultaneously ... NO !! It is still fun and I am seeing results . I have to confess that I am not doing it 6 days a week as recommended . I am a bit of a rebel in that way . I would not say that I have bad knees but I do n't think my knees can take all of those variety of lunges and squats that many days a week . They do ache after my workout . The workouts are hard but I do what I can and look forward to the day that I can keep up with them . Hard is a relative word when it comes to exercise . I have P90X collecting dust because it was insanely difficult to the point of feeling disheartened . Leandro the instructor is much more tolerable than the P90X guy . I am doing it 3 to 4 days a week . Imagine the results if I did do it 6 days a week !! My least favorite workout is the Cardio Axe . It 's difficult for me to do it on the carpet and it is real dancy and I am not good at it . The High & Tight , then Sculpt are my favorites . The Sculpt is an allover body workout and is the longest at around 45 minutes . The others are around 30 and usually they recommend doing the Tummy Tuck with those and it 's 15 I think . Bum Bum lasts about 45 minutes and it 's good as well . The greatest compliment is my husband already said my Bum Bum is not jiggling as much ! What motivation right ?! I am not even going to the beach in a month so imagine if I keep this up what I will look like by the time we go . I hope to stay with it and will post an update !
 First of all , I ordered this workout system through Beachbody over the phone , and I should have bought it from Amazon ! Beachbody charged me $ 17.00 for shipping , which I found to be ridiculous . The product , however , is FANTASTIC ! Bum Bum and Bum Bum Rapido are great leg/butt toning as well as cardio workouts . You will definitely feel the burn with these ! The high and tight workout is a killer , but it seems to be living up to its name . I have to mention that I modify the portion of this workout that uses the ankle weights -LRB- do n't buy these through beachbody . I got mine at Walmart for a much better price ! -RRB- with a fitness ball . My back would absolutely KILL me when I did it without the ball . I have a family history of bad backs , so I do n't want to do anything to mess mine up at only 20 years old . I just slightly rest my chest on the ball to help me stabilize my back . The butt still burns and the awful back pain is gone , so this works great for me . The `` Tummy Tuck '' workout is amazing ! My abs felt like they were on fire ! I have been doing the classic solution and I am getting great results . I lost two pounds within my first two weeks ! I would like to mention that I am already in very good shape , but have always had problems with my butt and thighs . Brazil butt lift seems to be the solution to slim my thighs and lift my butt . I follow the plan in the book provided , but I substitute at least 30 minutes of Zumba instead of the cardio DVD provided . The cardio workout was alright , but I found it to be kind of boring . I also substitute my own circuit training with weights in place of the sculpt workout provided . Do n't get me wrong , the workouts are fine , but I just like more of a challenge.I would definitely say that it works and the results are promising . My friends and random men -LRB- I 'm completely serious -RRB- have been commenting on my `` perky '' behind . In other words , I must not be the only one that sees the results!In summary , Brazil Butt Lift is the only thing that I have found success with when it comes to slimming my thighs and lifting my butt . I would definitely recommend it . Leandro is also very upbeat and fun to workout with . Stick with the program and eat your BMR calories and you will definitely see results . : -RRB-
 I first saw this on TV , but I never buy anything over the TV , because I do n't believe any of it . That was until my friend told me I had to try this out . I just had a baby and I have been trying to find workouts that would help me get my tone back . So , I came here and ordered it , I tried the six day slim down , i lost 7 pounds and 6 inchs in the 6 days . It was hard , the first three days I got really tired because it was about 700 calories less than what I would normally Eat in the day . I did not follow the recipies to the dot I changed it up a bit since I also do Weight Watchers , but I ate the allowed Calories in a day . I also did the work outs , they were not that hard to follow as long as you watch the basic moves first . Some moves will take getting use to , but Lenordo tells you to use a chair it you have to while you get use to the moves . Every day I have been using this product and I sweat and my legs come out hurting just with enough burn so I know that it is working.Bum Bum is my favorite because it works the butt , and the legs and some of the moves also make you work the sides of your abs . He is quite funny with his accent , but I must say that this was a great 70.00 i spent , i could have spent more in a gym and not have seen results , but I have had this product for 2 weeks and I have already seen weight loss . Just do n't think that you can eat what ever you want and work out with this video , it does not work like that . You have to diet , and walk too . I walk outside 3 miles a day since it 's nice outside and this video just makes me lose the weight alot faster.So I will recommend this product to anyone who is up for a challenge , -LRB- this video does not go slow , but you can go at your own pace -RRB- you wo n't be disappointed .
 First of all , I 'm a lazy person that eats all the bad foods without remorse but I 've been blessed by genetics and only weight about 115 but I think that my grandma can easily beat me in a jogging section . Having that said lately I had notice that my butt was n't looking good and the last drop that spilled the water was my husband agreeing with me and saying that I do need some workout . -LRB- OUCH -RRB- Guys readings this , No I did not start a fight ! I did feel bad because I started showing cellulite which kind of creeped on me this mild winter and did n't notice until I took out the short shorts . -LRB- Very embarrassing -RRB- I was second guessing myself because of the price but thought of it as an investment towards hotness and sexy bikinis this summer . This is the first week I have done the exercise and let me just tell you that it is tough ! Really tough ! At least for someone that went from the couch to this intense workout . Now back to my point ... It is tough and I ca n't stay along with their counts , they do 5 , I do three . The guy makes it fun and you see those hot girls and makes me wanting to push harder . The guy says a lot , `` Do n't settle for less ! `` The results after a week are amazing ! I 'm so impressed that I can totally see a difference with just a week . My butt is starting to lift and I can feel muscles I never knew I had . I 'm just surprised that even though I ca n't keep up with the workout I saw a difference . I feel really proud although I have more weeks to go . I 'm also watching what I 'm eating , not so much the amount but processed foods vs natural . No chips , sweet breads , sugar , etc but I 'm sure I 'll be able to cheat a little more when my butt is where it should be.I 'll keep updating my progress but so far I do recommend , I 'm sure some wo n't see results so fast but it really is worth the try.On another note , it came with a band for certain exercises but you will need a yoga mat , ankle weights and the normal hand weights . I bought all of it in Marshall 's and was probably about $ 30 . Although the video does show the exercises without the weights , which is still intense and it also modifies some hard moves for us beginners.Update 6/20/2012I 've been doing the exercises over a month and I totally loved the program . After the first few weeks I got a little bored so I mixed it up a bit . I did all the programs except for the Cardio . It was just way too fast and I could n't keep up and it was just not fun . So instead of doing that exercise I did my own Xbox Zumba game which worked great as cardio.Other then that I 'm very impressed I love how my butt looks , cellulite is not visible . I do have it still but that is something that will take longer . Just to keep the results , at least for the whole summer I will be doing these videos 3 or more times a week.I do recommend this videos . I have bought more in the past years but I never did seem to like them enough to stick to them . I will be keeping these as my little secret weapon .
 The Brazilian Butt Lift is definitely worth the price and time you put into it , but there are a few things buyers should be wary of before buying . It is an intense workout . I myself am a dancer -LRB- well ... good mover -RRB- and I like to go running for about 2-4miles at a time when I find time for the gym . This workout leaves me feeling sore , but in a good way and I found that the more I follow the workout plan , the less sore I am the next day . Basically , you have to be committed to working with it every day or every other day . I would not recommend this for someone that has knee problems or back problems as there is a lot of squatting and ab work on the floor . However , for someone in decent shape or someone that needs a fun , accessible workout without going to the gym this is PERFECT ! Just one more bit of advice
 B.B.L. videos are an awesome workout !!! They are intense , but fun at the same time . Leandro cracks me up.I am ready for bikini season . : -RRB-
 Once you get this program you 'll understand the title . :-RRB- This is an awesome workout ! It 's a little difficult to keep up with at first but with practice , just like anything else , you 'll be able to pick it up . You 'll feel it once you do ! ^_^
 He is just adorable and the workout is super challenging yet fun . I 'm enjoying myself even though I hate squats and lunges . My butt is really feeling this . Buy it !!
 This is an amazing workoutI have been doing the DVD 's for about 2 weeks & & let me tell you THIS IS NOT FOR BEGINNERS !!! Do n't expect if you have n't worked in a while to just jump into thisit takes a lot of practice doing the DVD 's over and over againI 'm very fit and it 's a little hard for me sometimesthere are n't any real breaks in the DVDs for you to stop and catch your breathI would n't suggest this for just anyone ... IT IS A GREAT WORK OUT THOUGH IF you are COMMITTED ! you will see resultsI do my set program * which you pick out yourselfplus I do the ab workout DVD everydayBOY WILL YOU FEEL ITbuy this if you feel you 'll push and be committed to you if notDO NOT BUY YOU WILL BE WASTING YOUR MONEY . & if ; you 've had joint problems hip replacements or something else that has limited your movementDO NOT BUY THIS it will be too hard and you will be disappointed ! ALSO I did not buy from AMAZON I bought from Beach Body . . They will let you break the payments up & & if you have a problem with one of your disc they will replace it RIGHT AWAY!My first disc did not work at all ! they sent me a whole new set with in two daysit 's worth getting it from Beach Bodies website
 I love this workout system , its fun , fast , and effective . Leaves your butt sore at firsts and tones it right up . Great product !
 I am so enjoying this workout program . I was skeptical at first but I am on my fourth week and I am seeing a difference in my body . At first I thought ok how am I going to work up a sweat but wow yes you do . I am having a lot of fun and ca n't wait to see the finished product . '
 I love this workout video its a little hard at first but once you do it a couple of times it gets easier . Believe me you will feel it working every muscle in your body will hurt !!
 Did my first workout today and I was n't prepared for how fast paced it is , but I 'm happy it was . This was a great workout drenched in sweat and I feel it in every part of my butt . The best part is you also work your abs . I have been looking for a workout that really challenges me and makes me burn those calories and this is it . I look forward to the results . I will update in 7 days .
 This workout DVD program is truly amazing ! I love doing various workout DVD 's as well as going to the gym , but this is the first one that I can honestly say has changed my body -LRB- booty -RRB- - in a good way ! All the videos are great and you really feel a difference in your legs , butt , and even arms . My core is pretty out of shape after having a baby , but my booty has never looked so good . I actually went down a jeans size and am continuing to loose weight with this video set and going to the gym for cardio . I probably noticed a difference in about a month , but keep it going and your bum will thank you !
 I completed my second week of the Slim and Shape Schedule and I 'm in love with Leandro and what he 's doing for my legs and butt . I 've lost 6 additional pounds -LRB- down 23 since December -RRB- . I follow my own 1500 cal diet plan and I do additional cardio -LRB- walking and turbo jam -RRB- because this rotation focuses on toning . I still credit BBL with breaking my month long plateau .
 I am obsessed with these DVDs . I am a frequent gym attendee and was looking for something to boost my cardio and every girl 's problem areas ; butt and thighs . I use the stairs machine 4-5 times a week for 20 minutes and weight train as well . I have reached a peak and nothing was improving . I watched the infomercial for Brazilian Butt and got sucked in for 30 minutes before making the decision to purchase . -LRB- I am not a fan of at home work outs ; at my level of fitness training , they have always been boring and non-challenging . -RRB- These videos are great ! Within the first week I lost 4lbs and noticed a slimming difference in my thighs . The abs video is intense . My 4 pack abs changed to a 6 pack in 2 weeks . My balance and endurance has improved and , I have also notice an increase in my strength during weight training . I can not rave enough about how I feel about these DVDs and , the difference I have seen in my physic and also noticed by others.Keep in mind I do follow a strict diet which is just as important as the exercise . If you are unsure of a meal plan , there is one included with the package.I would highly recommend ordering a separate set of resistance bands ; the one included is cheap , flimsy , lacks resistance , and rolls up while using . All in all , this is a great product and the only home work out plan I would recommend . I prefer Brazilian Butt to P90X , as it is formulated more for women but , also just as challenging .
 This workout program definitely works . The moves are somewhat complicated and they 're done at a really fast pace . The first couple of weeks I did this workout I did n't even try to keep up with the girls . I just did the moves at my own pace . By the third week I was able to keep up with them . I noticed changes in my body at the end of the first week and I did n't even make any changes in my diet . I gave it a 4 because the instructor is annoying and he 's not very good at giving instructions .
 My husband bought me these videos for Christmas . I am 35 years old , 5 ' 6 and am pear shaped . I wear a size 10 pants . I run , but ca n't seem to get definition in my legs . I have been doing the pear shaped series and am on my 6th week . I am not following the diet , but I do watch what I eat ... I am more of a `` calorie counter . '' First off , I never skip a day unless it is listed as a day off and I really work hard while doing it . My legs are constantly fatigued , which is good :-RRB- The results are slow , but amazing . I can not believe the shape that my butt is taking . It is really weird . My butt is getting rounder while my thighs are getting slimmer . I never thought I would want a round butt , as I have always tried to hide it . I have n't gone down in size , but my clothes are loose . My saddlebags are going away and my cellulite is decreasing . My goal is to continue doing this until Summer and hopefully I wo n't need to wear shorts over my bathing suit . I would recommend this to any woman who has a big `` bum bum . '' However , you ca n't do it for a week and expect results . You have to stick with the video series and not slack off . It is hard , but worth it !
 I am a big Jillian Michaels fan and I hate to say it , but this workout series has given me much better results than the multiple series I purchased from Jillian Michaels . First , I need to include that I work out quite a bit . I wanted to firm up my butt -LRB- hips and abdomen -RRB- . So , I purchased this hoping to see results . I lost 4 lbs . the first week , which is absolutely amazing for me . I 'm short -LRB- and at the ideal weight for my age and stature -RRB- . Losing 4 lbs . in a week is extremely hard to come by for me !!! This is not an easy workout . It is difficult . I am hoping that the inches start to really come off after finishing the 4 week program . I had a baby recently and have struggled with getting the baby fat off . It just seems to be so stubborn in the hips , butt , and abdomen areas . I am very pleased with my purchase . I will try to give an update on my results . : -RRB- I would also like to add that those who complain about the looks of the people , the clothes they 're wearing , etc. , this is a workout video . The purpose of the video is for working out . Who cares what people are wearing or what they look like ? If you get results , then the video works for you . I can only imagine what I look like when I 'm working out . : -RRB- Pros
 This is a really good program , with a few cons that made me give it four stars instead of five , but I was very happy with it overall . I followed the schedule for `` pear-shaped '' body type.High & Tight - Wow , does this one ever work your lower half ! I used 3lb . ankle weights and I am still sore the day after this workout every time , but I 'm sure this is the workout that helps the most in shaping your butt and thighs.Sculpt - Excellent balanced workout for your upper and lower body.Bum Bum Basic - Teaches you many of the moves you will see in the workouts . I watched it , but did n't find it incredibly helpful because you are n't going to get the moves down pat until you do them several times in the workouts anyway.Bum Bum - I love that this is a quick workout -LRB- around 35 mins . -RRB- but it gets your heart rate up and works your legs and butt.Bum Bum Rapido - Perfect if you do n't have much time but want to get a workout in and also good to do on a day when you are doing Sculpt or High & Tight for a little extra oomph that dayBum Bum Live - Great cardio and toning workout that I found quite tough , but only because I 'm still not very good at cardio stuff.Cardio Axe - This is the only workout in the set that I do n't like , not because it is n't good , but because I 'm quite unco-ordinated and it felt like I was just flinging my arms and legs and body around nonsensically for 75 % of the workout . If you are co-ordinated then you 'll be fine , otherwise just try to do the moves the best you can and keep moving to keep your heart rate up . I did this workout 2 or 3 times and then decided to just scrap it and I substituted Cardio X from the P90X program instead whenever Cardio Axe came up on the schedule.Tummy Tuck - This one is hard , but it really works ! I 've done P90X twice and the ab workout with that program was really tough for me at first and is still a good workout , but I was surprised by how tough the Tummy Tuck DVD with BBL is considering I 've done the P90X one so many times I know it by heart . Also , even though I did the P90X cycle twice and I trimmed down in my midsection , I still did n't see definition until I started doing the BBL Tummy Tuck Workout . Now I have real definition in my abs and that 's after only doing a four-week BBL cycle !!!! Pros : - most of the workouts are quick . P90X is an excellent program , but most of the workouts in that one are 1 hr . long , whereas in BBL , most of the workouts are only 30-35 mins . long -LRB- sculpt is the only one that is significantly longer , but still only around 50 mins . -RRB- - you do n't need a bunch of equipment , just some ankle weights -LRB- $ 10-20 -RRB- , and the band -LRB- comes with the program -RRB- - well-balanced workout for your whole body if you use all the various workouts-nice to have a schedule to follow so it takes the guesswork out of your routineCons : - sometimes I thought the schedule did n't make much sense , with not enough space between H&T ; and Sculpt workouts compared to cardio workouts -LRB- ex . sculpting and weights should alternate with cardio , but sometimes you had stuff back-to-back -RRB- , also sometimes you would have one short workout one day -LRB- 30-35 mins . -RRB- and then two workouts scheduled another day -LRB- 50 mins . and 30-35 mins . -RRB- and also sometimes you would have Cardio Axe and Bum Bum scheduled in the same day , when those are both mainly cardio workouts so it would make more sense to have a weight/sculpt one with a cardio one instead of two cardios . So summed up , it seemed like there was n't as much logic to the schedule as there should have been.-No stretching/yoga type of workouts . I LOVE the X Stretch DVD in the Beachbody P90X program and really feel that you need good stretching/yoga type workouts mixed in with cardio and toning workouts . I fixed this problem by just doing the P90X Stretch workout or a Yoga workout once a week to balance things out , but I do feel that there should be a stretching/yoga type of video included in the BBL program.Overall , I would definitely recommend this program with a bit of tweaking of the schedule and adding in a yoga or stretch DVD of your own and if you are n't very co-ordinated then sub a cardio workout of your own for the Cardio Axe one , or even just do Bum Bum instead of Cardio Axe . After doing the program for a month , I 've seen a bit of toning in my butt , though not as much as I had hoped for . My abs are awesome now though and for that alone I 'd do this workout routine again . I am going to do the Classic schedule now and see if I notice my bum bum looking more toned after another month of BBL and will come back and update .
 The first thing that needs to be said about the Brazil Butt Lift program is that all the contents depicted in the photograph are packaged into a dvd box -LRB- surprisingly -RRB- -- about the size of any season dvd boxset . So I was a slightly alarmed when the contents came inside an envelope . Despite its small appearance this program packs a big punch ! It is extremely easy to get started , and all of the pamphlets are informative and easy to understand . This workout looks simple , but it will leave you sore ! I am active duty in the military and I am seeing results from the triangulation method , so I am positive that it will work for anyone . Another great aspect is that the workouts are blocked out -LRB- depending on what you are aiming to do -RRB- between 20 mins and 50 mins - so you can choose to squeeze in an extra workout if you have energy and time or skip one of the combo and do it later . Also , they have different effort levels , so you can pick the one that 's right for you - for example if you 're a beginner at first and gain endurance , or if you are very sore the next day . It 's a great program for anyone that wants to improve their booty !
 I got this workout and have been doing it religiously for almost three weeks now . It is amazing the difference I 've noticed in just that time . I am naturally tall and slim -LRB- before I started doing it , I was 5 ' 11 '' and 142 lbs -RRB- , but since I 've been doing this workout and consciously watching my diet I have already lost 6 pounds ! I had a couple pairs of jeans that were just a bit tight on me a few weeks ago , that now fit great!The workouts themselves are moderate to hard in difficulty level . I love the Cardio Axe workout , it 's my favorite . It 's high energy , but a lot of fun . The Tummy Tuck -LRB- ab -RRB- workout and the Shape -LRB- weights -RRB- workout are the most difficult for me , but I like the challenge ! I am a runner by nature , but needed something different to spice up my workouts , since I think my body has gotten used to all the running , and I no longer see any results . This absolutely has done the trick!I highly recommend following the plan outlined in the Booty Makeover Guide booklet included with the kit . I am doing the Slim and Shape workout -LRB- for the ` Pear Shaped ' body -RRB- , and have noticed a definite difference in my butt , but actually more so in my abs ! I went from having a two-pack to almost a four-pack ! Hopefully by the time I get to Jamaica in two months , I 'll be sporting the six-pack I 've always wanted!If you get this workout , follow the plan , and eat right I truly think you 'll see results !
 I 'm a clinical nutritionist and eat very well with an occasional over-snacking moment , and at 23 years old , 5 ' 3 '' , and 125lbs , I was n't overweight , but I wanted to find a way to get out of my routine that was n't helping to shape my body well . I love running , rebounding , cycling , dancing , pilates and yoga , but only recently have I started to open up to dancing as a workout . I read that Alessandra Ambrosio trains with Leandro Carvalho , and with her beautiful figure and basic small-portion diet , I wanted to research Leandro a bit more . I watched the preview and with the high-energy and testimonials behind it , I decided I 'd give the workout a try.I 'm 2 weeks in , and aside from implementing a daily green juice , ginger and green teas and eating lightly at dinner , I have not changed much else . After losing 7 pounds so far I am at 118 pounds and feel amazing everyday since I workout in the morning . I 'm attempting to tone my body nicely , not with bulk , and lose body fat , and am achieving it so far . The program is delightful , very fun , silly , and I look forward to it . My appetite has remained the same unlike when I ran a lot and would be a Tazmanian Devil in the kitchen haha.Leandro is not annoying at all , has great energy , is encouraging and I often laugh at his words or sayings that he attempts that he does n't get quite right iwth his accent , but he says them with such enthusiasm . The cue-ing is near-perfect and there is a timer to let you know how long you have to go in each exercise as well as until you 're done with the workout.If you like to dance , or need a positive fun workout that works , I would highly recommend this . Just stay with the plan every day it tells you to and you do n't have to do anything else besides eat well , eat green , and relax = -RRB- I 'll keep the updates coming weekly < 3
 I am in my 5th week of exercising with Brazil Butt . It kicks my butt . I had been running about 12-20 miles per week . I thought I was in shape . I 've lost inches in my waste , legs and toned my arms . My abs are looking pretty good too . I 've noticed a change in my butt . I will keep working it though . I like the DVD and find them to be challenging , in a good way . It took me a bit to get down the routines , but I did n't give up . I 'm in my early 40 's , and I would definitely recommend this to others .
 I 'm just starting my second week of the program to help tone pear shapes , but after only one week , I 've already noticed a difference -- and that is without making any changes in my eating ! I will be sure to update my review after completing the full one-month rotation , but for now I wanted to record my initial thoughts in case others are thinking about purchasing this program to use this summer.As a bit of background , I 'm an advanced exerciser who usually uses Cathe Friedrich or Jari Love for my weight work , and , especially after doing Shaun T. 's Insanity program last summer , I was worried that Brazil Butt Lift might be too easy -- but it 's not at all ! The cardio workouts are much shorter than I 'm used to doing -LRB- the cardio workouts range from 30-45 minutes long -RRB- so I had been worried that I would gain weight , but I 'm noticing an allover tightening effect instead . In fact , the Tummy Tuck workout is one of the hardest ab workouts I 've ever done.The workouts are a lot of fun , and I love how they jump back and forth between the group being filmed in an indoor dance studio and the beach . The bright colors and the beach scenes make this perfect for thinking about looking good in a bathing suit for the summer . In addition , Leandro 's energy is infectious , and I love his accent and enthusiasm . Many of the moves also come from samba and capoeira , which is fun for me since I did capoeira for several years.If you 're someone who does n't like dance workouts , you might not like the Cardio Axe workout since it 's very dancey , but it 's a lot of fun and I would definitely attempt it a few times before writing it off ! There is no way that I can wiggle or shake my hips in the same ways that the girls in the workout can , but I still have fun -LRB- and feel sexy -RRB- trying to move the way that they do!As mentioned above , I will be sure to update this review after I finish the whole month of the pear rotation , but after just one week , I 'm already impressed!UPDATE ON 5/28/10
 I have never written a review before today but , the person who rated this program as 1 star inspired me to . I have been an exercise enthusist for 21/2 years now and this program is one of the best . I 've never done any beach body stuff before . Got this program 3 weeks ago and have already dropped 2 sizes in my slacks . It 's not easy by any means so if you 're not willing to work hard and stay with it , do n't buy it ! Three weeks in and I 'm still sore daily -LRB- in a good way -RRB- ! I have n't even allowed myself to `` graduate '' to using the exercise band and ankle weights and I 've rescuplted many parts of my body more so than any other program I 've done in 2 years . If you want something different and fun and have the bonus of a great `` bum '' then this is the program . This program is tuff , the energy is inspiring and the direction is spot on . If you truly want to change the way you feel and look and are willing to work hard , get this program !
 I got this about a week ago and I 've been working out daily . I 've been trying to do all the dvds but I found a favorite and I 'm having a hard time tearing myself away from that one now . The box includes a tape measure , workout band , pencil -LRB- LOL -RRB- and diet plan . I loved the booklet `` fat burning foods . '' All of the food looks delicious and the recipes seem simple . I have not actually made any of them . All the other stuff in it seem gimmicky like the 6 day supermodel slim down plan.First dvd : Basics - instructional on the steps used in the following work out routinesBum Bum - squats , lunges , leg lifts , etc.Bum Bum rapido - quicker version of bum bum workoutBum Bum Live - one on one training.Lots of lunges , squats , etc. in an aerobic type of workout .2 nd dvd : High & tight-standing work with bands-floor work with bands-floor work with ankle weightsSculpt -- 45 minute workout using weights . Excellent workout . This one does include upper body exercises with weights.This dvd is my favorite . I love using the bands and I can feel it burning in my thigh muscles and my butt . I love the floor work and I have n't seen too many workout programs with this floor work included . I can feel it working .3 rd dvd : Cardio Axe -- a 45 min high cardio workout with a bit of dance steps in it.Tummy tuck -- very traditional ab work , situps , crunches , leg lifts , etc.Overall I think it 's a great system . I love all 3 DVDs and the workouts . My favorite is Sculpt . They do go from being in the studio to the beach constantly and at first I found it annoying but now I got used to it.I could have done without all the beachbody commercials in the rest of the dvd . They have an advertisement for almost everything Beach Body sells But that was just a minor annoyance . I 'm glad I bought this one and I 'm working out everyday . I recommend it . I think it is worth it .
 Ok , I am writing this review for all of you women out there like me who are tired of being overweight and want to find a video that they like , is fun , and for the most part does what it says it does and helps make you thinner!I started these videos this week . I am on the 5th day of the `` Combination - Classic Solution '' video workout . I am about 200 lbs so I am overweight but have been working out for months now so I do n't have as hard as a time getting into workouts as someone who has n't worked out for a long time.This is what I thought of the videos so far : The `` Booty Basics '' is just that , it 's the video that goes slow and explains to you how to do each move that is in the video . It 's not intended to get your blood pumping or to be used alone to work out to . It 's to teach you the moves so you know what the names are and how to do them . I would recommend going through this video first and learning the names and techniques of doing the moves before starting the workout because Leandro does n't give you much warning when going into the moves while he is working out . Some of the moves like the Lambada , Samba , International Samba , Brazilian Mermaid -LRB- his signature move -RRB- and a few others were tricky at first when trying to do them . You do n't want to be stumped when it comes time to do these moves when watching the other videos . You want to be able to just go into new moves when he calls them . `` Bum Bum '' was the first video I did . It was really good . Did a lot of squats , lunges , and different variations of those exercises to work your ` bum bum '' at all the dif . Angles . It also works your hamstrings -LRB- the muscle in the back of your leg -RRB- to help you get the lift . Overall I liked the video and felt it working those muscles . `` Tummy Tuck '' was pretty much what you think it 's going to be . Lots of crunches and variations of those crunches . There 's a few moves in there like `` The Plank '' that is hard to do - not to friendly for people with back problems . I have a herniated disk so skipped this exercise . I also had to put a pillow underneath my lower back because you are on the floor most of the time and some of the exercises have your tailbone digging into the floor - even with the yoga mat that they tell you to use . -LRB- The video does not come with a yoga mat . -RRB- The `` Cardio Axe '' was a lot of fun . I got an `` ok '' workout but for the most part I could get this same result going to a club and dancing nonstop for 30 minutes . It 's mostly latin dance moves incorporated into a work out . -LRB- Samba moves , Lambada , Cha Cha , etc. -RRB- . The guy does make the video fun the way he talks and his overall attitude is fun . The pink shoe laces he is wearing made me laugh . . LOLThe `` High and Tight '' was a great workout and man did I feel it the next day ! Some of the moves in there are hard on the back , tailbone , and sometimes the angles the girls were laying on the floor hurt my hips . Instead of leaning on my elbows and putting the weight on my hips while doing the leg lifts I laid on my side completely . This does n't work all the muscles Leandro intends you to work during the exercise but it 's better than throwing your back out . . lol . You are also on the ground for 30 minutes on your knees for the floor exercises with weights , so I put a pillow under the knee that was on the ground constantly . Even with a yoga matt on carpet in my living room it hurt , lol . Note
 Late night surfers have all seen and lingered on the barrage of infomercials featuring Leandro Carvalho and his bevy of Brazil butt-lifted beauties dancing , sculpting and defying gravity while scantily clad in skin-revealing bikinis and the teeniest work out shorts . Boy oh boy -- no wonder Carnivale is held in Brazil ! His B -LRB- ea -RRB- utties surely look good , but is the system all hype or does it really work?After consistently working out with Leandro of the smiling face , heavily accented English -LRB- `` Ni -- ice '' -- `` Do n't settle for less '' -RRB- for over four weeks , I can happily say that yes , indeed , it does . Carvalho , workout butt-miester to celebrity models and Victoria Secret stars , delivers an intensive program that can be extended indefinitely in an infinite maintenance phase that actually gets the results . A consolidated effort at his `` Triangle Training '' accomplishes that rounded effect one expects to see on the backend of a bikini.However , there is a reason that Leandro 's workout team consists of twenty-something lovelies -- this regime is not for the faint of heart . As a woman of a `` certain age , '' I found this routine tough and I have been running for over twenty years . With that in mind , if you have n't been changing it up -- doing calisthenics , weight training or stomach crunches for a while -- even if you have been aerobically working out , you will definitely feel your body creak and groan as it gets back into shape -- making the old adage `` no pain , no gain '' a butt-clenching reality . If you are an exercise newbie , this routine may prove to be too challenging by far . Those of you stuck in your own exercise limbo need to think outside your carefully constructed box . Try this and over the span of the first four weeks you will find that gradually -- like everything else -- it will get better with practice and familiarity . Your body will begin to respond , your brain will register the routine as rote and you will find yourself smiling while doing some of the toughest butt exercises out there in video training land . Nevertheless , it would be nice , Leandro , in the next Butt-Lifting go-around -LRB- I know you are now offering aBrazil Butt Lift Maximum Results Systemof which I am a proud owner -RRB- to have some aging Brazilian cuties so that we , age-defying die-hards , do n't feel as if we are n't even supposed to attempt your possibly youth-specific regime.Not that these routines are new -- Leandro puts a samba spin onto his moves with upbeat music and sequences shown alternatively in a studio and on a beach . Some camera shots showcase full screen blow-ups of the team 's beautiful derierres that , nice as they are , do not help the at-home participant focus on the movements that will enable learning the moves faster . Any of youTae-Bo Workout -LRB- SET OF 4
 The trainer is great -- very personable and charming . And he really knows how to keep the workout going so you never do one move until your sick of it . The music is lively and helps make the program fun . My favorite routine is High and Tight -- you 'll walk around the next day with a sore `` Bum-Bum '' -LRB- as they say in Brazil -RRB- , which you wo n't mind because it 's how you know those exercises are definitely doing something good to your backside . I used this product for about 5 weeks so far and have absolutely noticed my behind and thighs getting tighter and more shapely . My balance is also better -LRB- you do lots of moves that make you balance and strengthen your core -RRB- . I thought this program would just focus only on the butt , but he does sculpting exercises that also help your arms and the abs routine is challenging and really good . I have many Beachbody programs and this one is now my favorite . -LRB- You 'll understand the title of my review after you 've done a couple of the routines -- it 's something he says all the time , along with `` Do n't settle for less ! '' -RRB-
 I bought this work out solely because I have another product from Beach Body and loved it AND because I really wanted to get a great butt before our Florida vacation in early June . I have been doing the workouts now for 4 weeks and I am already seeing awesome results ! I am 33 years old , 5 ' 1 '' , and weighed about 130 when I started . I did the 6 day Super Model Slim Down the first week -LRB- comes with the workouts -RRB- and it did a great job of taking off a few pounds . I now weigh 125 . The slim down was very easy to do the food was really good and I could find most everything in my local grocery . The work outs are a lot of fun . The Axe took some time to figure out but it is a blast to do ! Leahandro keeps everything up beat and I love all the encouragement he spouts often throughout the workouts . He has this great Brazilian accent but it is not hard to understand what he is saying . I also love that this program does n't just work your butt but your entire body . The Booty Blueprint is great as well . It helps you figure out how to target the problem areas of your butt . I 'm excited to see what my body will look like by the time June comes . I know my husband already ca n't keep his hands off the results I 've seen so far . All in all I am very satisfied with this product . Thanks Beach Body !
 If you want your butt more firm and perky , legs toned and elongated , and abs looking better than what you have now , this is the DVD for you ! I do not work for Beachbody and actually hate exercise DVD 's cause I have ADD and ca n't bear to watch them as I get bored . But this totally changed my butt and legs ! I would recommend this to anyone who has problems getting their butt and legs perfect for bikini season . And the instructor 's accent is really hilarious and he makes me smile , so not at all annoying .
 I 'm on week 1 of the program . I see a noticeable difference , clothes fit better . I am not a coordinated person , nor am I trim and fit -LRB- sz 20 -RRB- , in fact I 'm morbidly obese having dieted my way to 290lbs . I do not need to lose 20 , 30 , or 50 lbs , try 100 + . I always read reviews , but rarely give them . I am giving one because I am very impressed with the program , its motivating and rarely are there reviews for people of size from people of size . I have done it all from weight loss surgery , pills , various videos , programs you see on tv , swimming , biking walking , rowing and never have I seen results so quickly . I have a weight lifting injury and am restricted from upperbody workouts . I can not even do an elliptical with the arm movements , I have radiculopathy . It 's radiating pain from my compressed cervical disc down my arm making my arm weak , numb and painful . I am able to do this program with some modifications . Can I keep up , no . I 'm just learning the routine . For one legged exercises I hold the dresser . I am also not young , 40yrs . Considering that I have about 50 + % bodyfat on my thighs I 'm astounded to see results after 4 days . I do what I can do with the videos , and will get better each time I do them and have even more pronounced results . I have changed my eating habits with 1 protein shake a day , smaller portions , and better choices . I do not smoke , drink , or have any soda .
 I bought this program as a graduation present for myself . I 've had my butt parked in a desk at school for the last year with minimal exercise and I want to get back in shape . Maybe I should have known better than to think I could just go from zero exercise to a program like this . Let me just say , if you are not in shape this program is going to be hard . I have made it through 4 weeks of doing the DVD workouts . I had to practice the ` basic exercises ' on the cards 2 weeks before starting that to get up the strength to keep up with the videos . I still ca n't get through the ` Bum Bum ' video without stopping to catch my breath . But let me say this : IT IS HARD BUT IT WORKS.My butt has never been perkier and my cellulite dimples are starting to diminish . Even my legs and abs are toned and sexy . If you really want a nice butt , get this program .
 Honestly , I got this because the comercials were hilarious ! I never expected it to really work . I 'm already a fit person , but lately I 've been slacking because of bordem . It happens . The first week , I did the first couple of videos
 I have really been dedicated to working out for the last two years 5 days a week and I always like to vary my routine so I do n't get bored or complacent . My favorites have been Jillian Michaels DVD 's but I have others as well along with using my NordicTrack elliptical -LRB- using an iFit card -RRB- -- Ok , so I saw the informercial about Brazil Butt Lift -LRB- and you know how enticing those infomercials are -RRB- but before I picked up the phone and ordered it I wanted to do a little research and I came to Amazon to check it out and read the reviews -- the reviews seemed pretty good so I decided to give it a try -- I am glad I did ! The Brazil Butt Lift program is a fun change in the energy and style of workouts I have done before -- I can feel the change in my body -- my butt and thighs will never be like the girls in the video -LRB- 20 + years of gaining weight and losing weight , etc will take a toll -RRB- but I do like the direction it is heading -- I am starting week 4 on the program and I pass the `` pencil test '' YEA !!!! :-RRB- I like Leandro and his crew I stay motivated in all the routines and I get a good sweat doing the routines along with wearing my Zaggora Hot Pants !
 I have been `` pear shaped '' all of my life and when I would get in shape , it seems I would lose inches and tone everywhere but my butt - in fact , my butt just looked bigger in proportion to the smaller rest of my body . I pretty much gave up . However , this year I found myself gaining 15 lbs on top of the extra 15 lbs I was already carrying , so in addition to diet , I decided to try this.It was discouraging at first because the people in the DVDs are all model perfect and there I am as my 30 pounds overweight 50 year old self . But I am about a month into it and for once , my butt is shrinking in proportion to the rest of my body ! The models do n't look SO much smaller now ... I still have trouble keeping up with the entire workout - for example , the `` plank '' is one exercise to which I continue to aspire . I am hoping as my weight goes down I will have less body to lift at the same time I am getting stronger , so maybe some day . I also could n't do the CardioAxe in it 's entirety for several weeks , so I did brisk walking instead and I am now able to keep up better . Leandro also assumes you have done the `` Basics '' part of the set because he does n't spend much time easing into anything - he jumps right in , which drives the klutzyness quotient -LRB- and risk for injury -RRB- way up if you have n't learned the moves . But I like this approach because once you have learned the moves , you do n't go through the boring step by step drivel anymore on each workout before the good stuff begins.In summary , this works . However , depending on your fitness level and how much extra weight you are carrying , I would give it more time - like 90 days - or more - just keep at it . You definitely will see a difference .
 Okay , so I bought this because I wanted an exciting and fun workout . The infomercial looked pretty cheesy but I thought I would try it , what did I have to lose.Holy Cow ! I have only used it for three days - and I LOVE it ! I look forward to working out!The fact that there is a plan to follow designed for your body type is wonderful , but the videos themselves are perfect . On each workout , there is a countdown for each exercise so you can prepare yourself for a change , and there is a countdown for the entire workout session . The instructions for each move are helpful , too.I have not followed the meal plan , however there looks to be some nice recipes.I 'm not sure if I will lose inches , but I do feel better already .
 i recieved the workout program and began working on my Brazil body the next day . i was plesantly suprised to learn that it is not easy , but a little discouraged because i am in not in the best shape and the constant , fast pace videos kicked my butt with in the first few minutes -LRB- five minutes in i had to sit down and watch the rest of the video -RRB- . the program teaches you the basic steps -LRB- i was tired just after doing them -RRB- and the trainer is entergetic and motivational . im happy with this purchase and hope that by the end i will be able to do the 20 minute exercises all the way through . i ordered the set and it gives you everything you need .
 Bum Bum
 Extremely happy with purchase , first week was painful , every muscle hurt with just walking , second week got better , you get visible effects immediately , easy to follow steps and rutines , be ready for lots of reps and different combinations for same muscle until you feel that muscle and its location , love it , thanks again for having it on Amazon , as always great service
 This is a great workout series . I 've always had a great butt in the past . When I lost weight and started getting older my butt seemed to sag and disappear . I went from getting lots of attention about it to none , lol . I was even considering surgery . Then I came accross this workout series . Decided to try it . It helped lift and fill out my rear end . I 'm getting compliments again and feel more confident in my figure . I am sticking with it to keep my good results . I would totally recommend this workout series .
 This is a great workout ... it 's the P90X for your butt ! My upper body is in great shape -LRB- thanks to P90X -RRB- but I needed to focus on my butt and legs which are my trouble areas , these dvd 's did the trick ! I saw and was able to measure a difference in the first week and it keeps getting better . It also includes a complete body sculpting dvd so you wo n't neglect your upper body while getting the best butt of your life !
 I never write reviews on amazon even though i shop here all the time but i had to for this workout ... i am only in week two and my legs look better than they did when i was training for a marathon ... everything just is sleeker and slimmer my calves have completed changed their shape already ... . super excited about this program ... i not super impressed with cardio axe but i just utilize bum bum or bum bum live on those days ... . i use lots of different workout programs and by far this has been the best one yet !!
 I saw this on tv and thought well that looks nice . I got on line did a search for it . Read a lot of reviews that sounded like their people wrote . I had my husband look it over , he would n't be to happy if I order something the cost this much without talking to him about it.Here is my story . I 'm only 24 , when I was in high school I weigh about 135-140 lbs . I got married when I was 18 and had my little girl when I was 21 . With those wonderful things in my life I was over 200 lbs . The summer of 2008 I took my daughter swimming and saw photos . I wanted to cry . Off and on a diet for 11/2 year I 've lost 40lbs and I 'm still losing weight . . go me !! But now my body looks well gross.Before I started this work out I measured myself -LRB- very good idea -RRB- . The 1st day
 I have been an exercise fanatic for the last 20 years . For the most part I have always been very slim and fit . However , since the birth of my daughter four and a half years ago , I have struggled to get the area between my ribcage and my knees in the shape I believe it should be ... Since then I have stepped up my workouts , and even tried some very challenging programs like P90X -LRB- amazing workouts - both my husband and I LOVE them -RRB- , which definitely helped and gave me amazing results . Unfortunately , I was still not seeing enough results in those problem areas mentioned above . So , after reading a lot of reviews I decided to give BBL a try . I purchased the program six weeks ago , and since then have completed the `` pear shape '' program and am halfway through the `` classic '' program . After seeing the results , I felt compelled to add to the rave reviews about it . I , as others have stated , have not lost weight -LRB- no need for that -RRB- , but I have definitely lost inches . My thighs and waist are noticeably slimmer , and my bottom is certainly sitting a little higher these days . In fact , my husband is EXTREMELY impressed . I plan on finishing this round of `` classic '' then starting a round of P90X/BBL combo . I would recommend this to just about everyone , though I would warn those that have n't worked out in a while to take it slowly ... Good luck and enjoy !
 I have been doing the Brazilian Butt Lift for several months now and I had to write a review on how great it is . Within weeks I noticed a difference in my legs , butt and core . Although I was relatively thin I was not toned at all . This workout took me from a size 10 to an 8 in 2 months . The instructor is great - he is very encouraging and easy to follow . I have done many videos in the past - The Firm , Tae Bo etc but this is the first one that I have stuck with . His exercises are fantastic to tone your body - especially the butt-without bulking you up . -LRB- which happened to me on The Firm videos -RRB- . Although the video seems fast paced and took me a few times to pause and rewind to get the moves - you can do it . I had been working out 4x/week doing 30 min on my elliptical . After the Brazilian Butt Lift Bum Bum Workout I was sweating more than my elliptical workout ! I strongly recommend this video if you want lean legs and a great butt !
 So I have only used this for about a week now and I can definitely feel it . First , let me say I am pretty skeptical about fad diets and work out programs so I looked up lots of reveiws from other people before I decided to buy this program . I liked the simplicity of it - not having a lot of equipment and not being completely dance based -LRB- I just do n't have rhythm -RRB- . The moves appeared to be relatively basic and they are . Lunges , squats -LRB- and I said basic not easy lol -RRB- . I love this program so far . I am an off and on runner so I thought I was in decent shape but I could only do 10 minutes of the first &#34; bum bum &#34; workout on day1 and I felt it for two days ! You can defineately feel new muscles being worked or old muscles being worked in new ways , however you 'd like to say it . I am extremely impressed with the impact the workouts have . When you feel soreness in your butt and thighs , you know your muscles have been worked . Do I think it will make me look like a supermodel ? Maybe , maybe not ...
 I 've been working out to Brazilian Butt Lift for a year . These workouts absolutely sculpted my body . I was totally amazed by how effective the exercises are . Just this weekend , I was trying cloths on in a department store dressing room and was very pleased with how my booty , hips and thighs looked in the three-way mirror . I have n't looked this great in jeans since I was in my 30s . I LOVE to try swimwear on ! It 's not just a better and improved appearance ... I feel great!Before I started BBL , I was going to the gym and Bootcamp classes . I do n't need the gym or bootcamp ANYMORE !!! In addition to the Brazilian Butt Lift program , I 've been working out to Les Mills Pump -LRB- from Beachbody.com -RRB- and Jillian Michael 's Hard Core Abs . When I vacationed on the beach , I was not embarrassed of my body - I wore the cutest little bathing suits ... even my favorite bikini . I worked really hard to achieve the results I 've obtained , by dedicating time , effort and eating healthy.Despite having a corporate career and having livestock -LRB- horses and cattle -RRB- to tend to , I make time to keep in shape.I 've ordered and just received Brazilian Butt Lift Master Series . I 've got a Las Vegas Vacation in four weeks ... I plan to rock the Strip !!! I highly recommend Brazilian Butt Lift - if you really want a rockin body , you can have one .
 I really love Brazil Butt Lift ! I usually lose interest in workouts very quickly so it 's hard for me to get into any kind of fitness routine . However , with BBL there are several different workouts included so it does n't get boring . I think that Leandro is absolutely adorable ! -LRB- I love when he says the word `` tushy '' in one of the videos-it 's so cute ! -RRB- If you are uncoordinated like me some of the moves in the Cardio Axe video might throw you off but stick with it and you 'll eventually get it . At first I was frustrated doing Cardio Axe but now I actually enjoy it ! Also , I find that the Bum Bum workout is very challenging workout and it does take some time to be able to do all of the moves . I 've been using BBL for a month and I already see results -LRB- and I really did n't change my diet too much either -RRB- . I definitely recommend this video to anyone .
 I love this workout package ! The videos are fun and provide a great variety . I started to see results after a few days , and , after a few weeks , I am continuing to see my body change . I am getting stronger and my endurance is improving every day .
 These DVD 's actually work ! From the first time you try it , you 'll notice a difference . Even if you do n't workout every day , you 'll notice some results.The exercises are simple but they are tough ! you may not be able to go through one session on your first try . But little by little you 'll notice your muscles growing stronger and you 'll look better in those jeans you 've always wanted to wear . I 'd definetely recommend it to anyone who like me , has always had problems fitting into their jeans.It 's a little bit expensive but ... it works .
 I ordered this program after seeing a commercial for it on TV . I am 21 and am not overweight , but I do have a bigger butt . I like it that way ; it has just always lacked a little shape and lift.I am on my first REAL week of doing this workout -LRB- last week I did it for about 4 days -RRB- and I am definitely seeing results . I always had problems wearing booty shorts because they never fit me properly . After just the short time I have been doing it , they fit me SO much better and they LOOK better on me . Now I would just like my cellulite to go away -LRB- part of my body type , but I do see a small difference in its appearance -RRB- Overall , this is a great workout but it has three flaws .1 . It will be EXTREMELY challenging for beginners . I am used to Jillian Michaels kicking my butt , but I found these videos challenging . There were a few times the first day that I did some of the videos that I found myself saying `` you have got to be kidding me '' to some of the moves . You can always just take it easy and work your way into the full workout . You will still get a good workout , but you will be much less likely to injure yourself . I honestly would not recommend it for older adults unless they are in excellent shape and do not have joint problems .2 . The instructions are very fast paced . There is definitely a learning curve . What worked best for me here was going at my own pace and getting the movement down correctly , even if it meant I was doing the movement much more slowly and not getting as many reps in.I am by no means an advanced dancer , but I am certainly not bad at it . I danced for 4 years in high school . The Cardio Axe video is VERY hard to get the hang of . It is fast paced and the moves do n't flow very well . Again , concentrate on getting the moves down the first few times you do it and even if you are n't perfect , just keep moving . You will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- get it eventually .3 . The eating plan . Ignore it . There are much easier and HEALTHIER ways to lose weight . The supermodel slim down is a joke . It even warns you that you might feel light headed , but tells you that that is normal . I grew up in a health conscious household and know quite a bit about nutrition . There is nothing healthy about losing weight that way . Becoming light headed is NOT NORMAL . * Eat less processed food -LRB- one of my nutrition teachers put it simply
 Ok , I am 5 ' 3 145 lbs -LRB- fluctuate btwn 16 % -18 % -RRB- body fat and I work out like a beast . I purchased this dvd bcuz I wanted not lose my butt bcuz of doing cardio 4-5 a week ... I am black and I love my ASSets ! Can I just tell you my booty looks fabulous !!! It use to say `` Hello '' but it definitely says `` Welcome ! '' I really enjoyed the intense pace and no rest btwn moves . My favorite dvds were Tummy , Sculpt , and Bum Bum . Trust me your Bum Bum will look beautiful if you are consistent with this program !
 Ok so Im a very petite women and when I started this program I was only 105lbs ... I got this program for my GF 's and I to do while out hubby are deployed trying to look better for them when they get home !!! The main reason that I got it for myself its to tone everything up ... Since I had my daughter 2 years ago I never been happy with my body and Iv tried other work outs -LRB- even my hubbys Marine Corp PT workouts but have never stayed with it -RRB- :-LRB- We have only been doing the work outs for 3 days and I have already measured myself and lost 11/2 inches off my waist !!! And we havent even done the whole work out the days that we did them because they are very difficult for someone like me that never really worked out all that much ... So we are taking our time and still seeing results ... My girlfriend thats working out with me has already almost lost an inch off her waist !!! And Iv already convinced one of my other friends to get the DVD 's I cant say enough good stuff about this workout program !!! Im really excited to continue the program and I so can not wait to see my husbands face in Jan when he sees me !!! Another thing you should know is that Im the type of person that will buy something and if I dont like it the first time I use it Ill return it or never use it again and this I WILL keep doing ... Its fun , entertaining and challenging all at the same time !!! The only thing that I have problems with sometime is understanding what the guy is saying because his accent gets kinda heavy sometimes ... Other then that its GREAT !!!
 When I first started watching the DVD I thought , `` Is this guy for real ? '' He sounds silly . I do n't have time to do the workout everyday but I have done it a few times a week for the last few weeks and I saw results after the second workout . I was actually sore after the first workout . I do work out daily , whether it be at home or in the gym and am in decent shape . The workout is easy to learn , fun and goes by fast . I used muscles that I was n't use to using , my legs are more toned and my stomach -LRB- my problem area -RRB- is more toned . I just ordered insanity also but I am having so much fun doing this workout I have n't opened that one yet .
 At 57 years old I was looking for something that would actually make a difference in the areas of my body that were not as attractive as they once were ! Plus , it had to be on my schedule , effective and fun ! This program meets all of my requirements and then some , I am having a great time , a great workout , and starting to see results after one month ... I am thrilled with my decision to purchase this program !
 I bought this walking stick on Amazon.com because I was going on vacation pretty soon and I needed a walking stick to help me when I was hiking on the mountains . All in all , this turned out to be an excellent walking stick . One of the nice features about it is that it folds up quite easily , thus allowing me to take it on an airplane . I also love its color and the fact that it has a compass and a thermometer on the handle strap.All in all , a great purchase ! : - -RRB-
 It 's very lightweight , strong , and the compass comes in handy . I would highly recommend .
 I just got back from Roraima Tepuy that its one of the most olders rock formations in the Venezuelan `` Gran Sabana '' and the pole worked perfect . My friends poles arrived bented while this kaito did just fine ... got nothing to envy to the ones in the `` hundred dollars '' rank . The compass and the thermometer are the same of the keychains so nothing special about them , but the pole is great .
 I knew this was cheaper than other poles with higher ratings , but I see no problems with it . It performed perfectly on recent long hikes in Zion Park and area . Light and collapses easily for packing . Comfortable handle and shock absorption is just right . A true bargain and I may buy more .
 This is a good , basic hiking pole . The compass and therometer are toy store quality but the pole works well .
 I bought these hiking poles for my father-in-law 4 years ago , and they still come in handy . I bought two , and for the price , they are definitely great hiking poles . He hiked both Half Dome and Mount Whintey using these hiking poles and said they worked like a charm . They fold and become compact and are sturdy . Highly recommended !
 I 'm pretty new at hiking so my balance is not so great . I 've owned this pole for about a year now . It has saved me from falling down on several occasions . I highly recommend it to anyone who wants some extra stability .
 The Hammers HP9 hiking poles are keeping me upright . Walking bythe beach in the sand , on the grass at the picnic , making snowballs to throw at all loved ones , these poles keep me on my two feet ! My legs like to go in a different dirction thanmy mind tells them . The poles are strong and stable for me.Being a short , young lady , the adjustable which-a-ma-gig gets right to my perfect stride . They are even kind of sexy in their `` day-glow '' color.Try 'em ... You will have a life altering experience !!!!!!!
 I love this hiking pole ... light weight for the price I paid , no one can bet it . The other famous hiking pole costs 3 - 4 times as much but just 2 oz . lighter . I would take the weight for this price .
 Fast shipper , as described Fast shipper , as described Fast shipper , as described Fast shipper , as described Fast shipper , as described t V.t. . . g.
 The trekking pole was exactly what I had ordered . It came in 3 pieces that fit together and tighten to make a walking pole of desired length . Although there were no specific instructions as to how to assemble the pole , it was obvious from the diameter of the sections as to how they fit together . A quick twist and the sections were fixed in place . Although I have not taken it on a walk as yet , I have used similar ones in the past and am sure it will work fine .
 This product is very confortable and you can use this hammer to do many things .
 This has become my go-to cap . It seems like every time I am out and about someone will ask about it . The most common guess is Oregon in the wrong color . When I tell them that it 's actually a throwback Orioles cap , people are always surprised , and more than once it has sparked a conversation about the original Orioles franchise moving to NY and becoming the New York Highlanders and then the Yankees , our now-despised rival .
 Thess surfboard hangers are better than you would expect . I was nervous buying because my husband has a 10 ' Robert August , which is rather heavy but we put it up in the baby 's nursery for decor until summer and they hold the board so well . They are quit bigger than they appear on the internet but are very classy looking and seem really tough .
 The `` Rack '' is perfect to fit all sizes of boards , is made very-well , and is easy to install . Not to mention when I had an issue , Cor-Surf has `` AWESOME '' customer service !!! The only thing I wish was available for this rack is a range of colors or an un-stained model that I could stain and seal myself to match the woodwork in my house .
 This wall rack arrived looking exactly as expected from the provided image and description . It 's a wonderful solution to the lack of real estate in my home and provides bonus decor value to my sewing room.The bolts to attach the arms were perfect and fit neatly into the predrilled and recessed-in-the-back holes so they did not interfere at all with keeping the wood flush with the wall . I did not , however , use the provided wall screws since I was hanging these on an old plaster wall . A quick trip to my local hardware store solved that . I got some good anchors and slightly longer screws , making sure the heads would fit into the recessed-in-the-front predrilled holes so I did n't get any ugly stand-out . This probably would n't matter much since the board will cover it anyway but I felt better that way.Overall , it took me only a few minutes to get the board up on the wall from the time I returned from the store and I had n't prepped a thing before leaving . It looks great and I feel much more at ease to know my 7 ' 6 '' wood veneer Robert August -LRB- Corky Carroll design -RRB- board is out of harm 's way .
 The rack arrived in a very timely manner and was exactly as I expected . Through fault of my own , I cracked one of the arms , apparently if you screw the back into the arm too tightly it will stress the wood and can crack it . I called the store directly and the owner was so kind he sent me out another rack immediately . I now have my beautiful 8 foot surf board mounted on the wall and could n't be happier with the look .
 I have two of these racks . We keep my wifes 7 ' 6 '' board above our couch and my 9 ' 6 '' above our front door . We get compliments all the time on them . You will need to use anchor screws -LRB- I use those white plastic ones -RRB- and I would only hang one board per rack .
 I read a couple of the reviews on on this product was a little concerned that I may have made a mistake . . I can tell you the finish is great . . easy to install and they look awesome . . I purchased two of them , and are extremely happy with my buy ...
 These surfboard racks do their job but I have 2 complaints
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I ski here mostly here on the west coast and have been using Hertel wax since I was a kid -LRB- 40 years -RRB- ! . My brother and I use an old Hertel roller-waxer and put this hot sauce on all the families skis and they love it . You do not have to worry about colors or fads since there is just one product that can do it all . I can not believe what a difference it makes in every condition and temperature . I think is is well proven with my family and the way we take on the slopes . Once you find the best you stick with it . Here it is!Signed by a real skier.I think if you prep the skis correctly you are better off to get the best results . I also like the Liquid spray on for when you are on the slopes .
 I ski in the east , where you may ski 40 degree afternoons , followed by 10 degree night skiing . I have been using Hertel `` Super Hot Sauce '' for over 20 years , and my only complaint is it 's performance in extreme cold powder -LRB- sub-zero -RRB- . Slap on some `` hot sauce '' and go ski !
 Well , The product is as it says which is definitely good.However , if you have one of these Jabsco toilets thats 10 years + I really would advise to change themI had 2 , I purchased 2 kits to repair them -LRB- first time boat owner here -RRB- and only found out this information after I had spent the money.I have since replaced one toilet and I am now replacing the other . If you are sticking with a manual then I recommend a Raritan PHII -LRB- search on the boat forums and you will see its bullet proof and well recommended -RRB- After I carried out the maintenance on my jabscos , they still had issues - smell back through joker valve , leaks and other things.Its just not worth the maintenance unfortunately , spend a bit more get a new head -LRB- replace the hoses as well with Trident 101 or 102 - DONT USE ANY OTHER HOSE !!
 Item as described . This rebuild kit came with a parts explosion diagram not installation instructions . Not a hard job though . Took about one hour with cleaning the old parts .
 Made our unit work like new . Instructions easy to follow , kit was easy to install . Price on Amazon beat all other marine suppliers .
 I love this lip balm and it has been really hard to find . I got exactly what i ordered for a great price and got it really fast !!
 No squeeks or rattles . Fill with -LRB- quiet -RRB- groceries and you wo n't know it 's there .
 I bought this basket for a hybrid bike with a 21 '' frame . The basket is very solid and sturdy , and has plenty of room to carry all kinds of stuff . It does add weight , as others have noted , probably about 10 #s -LRB- do n't quote me on that -RRB- . My bike has eyelets and screw holes for a mount such as this . I was able to use some of them , but I still had to bend the basket slightly -LRB- my frame was too wide -RRB- and makeshift my own solution . It was not easy , and it left some scratches on the frame . Once installed , however , the basket is great . It is very convenient for running errands and grabbing groceries , all while getting good exercise and saving gas . I would recommend this incredibly useful basket .
 I absolutely love my new bicycle basket . I spray painted it white to match my bicycle and its a beauty . This seller ships fast and it arrived within 3 days after being shipped . I would highly recommend getting this basket if you are shopping around for storage or to carry things with your bicycle . It does make your bicycle a little heavier but we can all use a little workout -LRB- lol -RRB- not to much heavier after a while you will not even know its there as you pedal along . The only down side to this product was I had to make the part that connects under the seat custom b/c it would not fit I have a beach cruiser and the part it connected to was way to big ... so what I did was drilled additional holes so it would fit and screwed that baby down and KABOOM my bike was ready to ride . This was the best deal on the net ebay wanted almost seventy dollars for the large basket but I purchased mine threw here and it only costed me around 40 bucks !!
 I bought this with a front basket and now can do my grocery shopping in one trip . Very Basic - not much to break on it : -RRB-
 What 's that you say ? You want to haul 8 gallons of milk and still have room for the cereal too ? Yup , that 's how big this basket it . The dimensions listed in the add are for EACH basket - there 's one on each side . So if you want to haul a LOT of stuff , are not counting grams of weight and do n't mind a little installation niggles
 I have used these baskets every day for the past 2 years to lug my books and laptop back and forth from home to law school and have hand no problems with the baskets . They are a great size - they can hold several textbooks and a lunch bag in one side and a laptop in the other side without any problem.My only complaint about these baskets -LRB- as I 'm sure people would complain about all baskets -RRB- is that they are very heavy . I do n't know how much they weigh , but I would guess it adds a good 10-15 pounds to my bicycle wihtout anything in them , which is a pain . Then again , loading the bike with books and a computer adds 10 pounds as well , so no worries overall .
 My local bike shop attached this basket for me when I bought it from them today . As a college student with lots of class supplies , I needed good , fast transportation for me and all my stuff.I opted for the large size , but I was hoping they would n't be too wide due to traffic.I really was n't expecting the transformation
 This did not fit my mountain bike so I had to return it . The space between the baskets was too narrow . I do n't recommend this if the space between your hub nuts is 5.5 '' or greater .
 I came into one of these super baskets from a local shop and have n't been disappointed . To say that this basket has allowed my old-school three speed Raleigh to go above and beyond the call of duty would be an understatement . As others have commented , the one-piece construction makes a basket that is free of rattles when going over the inevitable bumps and holes . Additionally , the center rack frame and the basket top rims form a solid , sturdy platform which allows the carrying of large , awkward cargo . Some examples that my basket has hauled include -- > A 19 '' standard -LRB- CRT-type -RRB- color TV . > Set of stereo speakers . > Stereo receiver with cabinet , along with microwave oven -LRB- all on the same trip ! -RRB- . > * Two * 30 gal trash bags packed full of empty bottles & cans -LRB- light but awkward -RRB- . And most challenging of all ... > Same number & type of bags , stuffed full with laundry -LRB- awkward and HEAVY -- approx 60lbs -RRB- . This basket truly does convert a bike into a mini truck . Best of all , while carrying the above-mentioned cargoes , the baskets themselves were available for extra items . With memories of the front basket that was on my boyhood bicycle and the instability it caused , I would never have another one . But for all the capabilities of this great product , it does have a few shortcomings .1 . -RRB- I wish the baskets themselves were not tapered . With their present design , something that fits through the top of a basket might not drop all the way to the bottom . This includes the standard-sized grocery bag . It takes a little finagling to get a fully loaded bag and its contents to go completely into a basket .2 . -RRB- The struts that attach to the rear axle have no provision for levelling the assembly on the bicycle . As a result , even on my old-school bicycle , which this product seems to have been designed for , the baskets are inclined downward at the rear . For the future I am looking into the possibility of fabricating some sort of strut extenders out of heavy gauge sheet metal .3 . -RRB- For improved stability , the bottoms of the baskets should have some means to anchor them to their adjacent seat stay . When carrying heavy loads , the present design allows excessive sideways motion and wobbling , adding to instability . The struts do a super job of weight-carrying and controlling vertical motion but are not up to handling the horizontal forces that develop when riding with a lot of weight in or on the baskets . In addition , these forces are transmitted directly to the forward clamp and the tops of the seat stays it is attached to . This ca n't be good for either the clamp or the stays.Otherwise , this is a product that I ca n't say enough good things about . For those of us without four-wheeled transportation this basket definitely meets the definition of a `` labor-saving device . ''
 Before buying this , I read all of the glowing reviews , so I will not repeat too much what has been covered before , but I will point out the following : It attachs quite nicely to the existing braz-ons on bikes like mine that have a single tube running down from the seat post to the rear wheel that opens up just before the brakes without using the adaptor that comes with the basket.I did not use any of the hardware that came with it.I did post photos.For the past 30 years , I have been using saddle bags/panniers , however they can be cumbersome if you just want to pop over to the local store to get something and take time to remove and reattach every single day and tend to hit the wheel when I accellerate , so I was ready to try something new.My biggest issue however with panniers was alternating between taking the train and biking -LRB- transferring stuff between my backpack and my pannier and needing to know pretty early on which route I was taking in order to pack the correct bag -RRB- . Now I just have 1 backpack with my non-biking gear in it and I can decide at the last second whether I am taking the train or bike without worrying that I am forgetting something . I have been using it nearly daily for a month now with no regrets or any wish to go back to panniers.Before buying it I had not thought thru the notion of needing a new backpack . My every-day backpack is too big to fit in the 7.5 '' / 5 '' width . Fortunately I had a tall and thin hiking backpack -LRB- no front pocket -RRB- that worked perfectly.For my biking stuff , for the other basket , I bought a new laptop case -LRB- Targus Checkpoint-Friendly Mobile Elite Roller for 15.4 Inch Laptops TBT045US -LRB- Black -RRB- -RRB- which exactly fits one basket . However the nylon is shredding prematurely -LRB- not so with my equally tight fitting NorthFace backpack -RRB- . Each basket is 18 x 7.5 at the top and 16 x 5 at the bottom and 11 '' tallThe entire width is 20.5 '' -LRB- meaning the rack itself is 5.5 '' wide -RRB- The entire length from the attachment bolt to rear most point is 24 `` The reason for the 1 star off is that the clearance on my bike -LRB- a 20 year old 26 '' Schwin MOAB -RRB- is only 7 inches from the pedal spindle to the basket . I wear 11.5 shoes and I can no longer ride with the ball of my foot directly over the pedal spindle . I have to pedal with my foot forward about 1 to 2 inches . I have become accustomed to this and I have been unable to find -LRB- either logically or via research -RRB- what the real downside is to this position . In fact some advocate for this position . But it is an adjustment for me as I have been riding with the `` ball directly over the spindle '' technique for 30 years now.I would have preferred that they made the connection bars longer as there are probably more people who want the rack further away from their feet and do not care how far past the rear wheel the rack goes . My rear wheel sticks out a good 2 inches past the rear most part of the basket.One downside to this rack is that I now have a tendancy to overpack and my ride can get a bit unstable with too much weight in back . I have to remember to keep the weight down . I was just now considering a trailer , but there are a host of other issues to be dealt with there that I am better off with this rack/basket .
 I LOVE this ! I attend a large university . Parking permits are expensive and parking space is very limited . Even if you have a permit , you probably wo n't find a space to park . I live off campus and it 's about a forty five minute walk to campus which is a long time when you 're carrying your bookbag , your teaching bag -LRB- I 'm a graduate student AND a TA -RRB- , your lunch , and anything else you might need . This basket has solved all my problems . Just today I biked to school with my bookbag and my teaching bag in the back along with two bags of office supplies for my office . In one hand I held an electric tea kettle in a plastic shopping bag and I held my lunchbox in the other hand . It took me three trips to get this all on my bike and only sevenish minutes to bike to campus . Not only did I feel balanced -LRB- I was a bit worried about weight distribution -RRB- but I did n't feel like I was carrying so much extra weight . I felt like I was biking without anything in the back.Highly highly recommended if you 're like me and do n't have the luxury of driving everywhere .
 Got these for my husband , installation was fairly easy , and he did n't have to customize anything to make them work . He added them to a 26 '' Schwinn Landmark bike that he motorized , so any weight added because of the baskets and whatever he puts in them overall is n't much of an issue . The weight of them is something to consider , however , if your bicycle is most valued for it 's light weight and/or speed , without having a motor.He had no extra parts left over , and he feels the friction nuts were a wise choice for an assembly like this that needs to hold up under a lot of vibration.No real instructions included as has been noted , just a partial diagram of where it attaches behind the seat , but if you 're a little handy , and do n't have a highly specialized kind of bike , this should pose no problem . Why including some decent instructions IS a problem , we have no idea.These baskets are up to the task , and will handle just about anything you can put in them . They are all in one piece and shipped that way , very well-made , and should last for many years . He does n't recommend using them on a bike smaller than 24 '' and it follows logic that you should be somewhat cautious about balancing the load when carrying extra-heavy objects.Overall , highly recommended !
 This bicycle basket is the best . Strong - high quality - good price . After using one for almost 2 years I decided to buy another to put on a new bike . Both times though the item was shipped without the mounting hardware . A quick visit to the Wald website and an email to their support department and both times they express mailed the missing parts to me . Also , there are mounting instructions on the Wald website.I highly recommend this product and the Wald company .
 I read the reviews about how hard this would be to set up and was pleasantly surprised to find that it really was n't bad at all . Obviously that depends on the bike , so I should say that I have a 70 's Schwinn Le Tour . I can fix some things on bikes and generally know how to use tools , but I 'm not really a `` handy '' person , so saying it was pretty easy really does mean something . I was too excited to wait for help , but the one thing I would 've liked is an extra pair of hands to hold it straight while I tightened the bolts . I put it on a tad crooked , but it seems fine.I 've had it on for about a month now and I LOVE IT !!! It makes it a little more annoying to carry the bike up/down stairs and change the rear tire -LRB- got a flat yesterday -RRB- , but it is totally worth it if you 're a daily commuter that carries things -LRB- bookbag , lunch box , groceries , etc -RRB- . I even moved some things from my old apartment to my new one using my bike ! It feels like having a trunk on my bike -LRB- except that you have take everything out when you get to the destination b/c you ca n't lock it in -RRB- . It 's very sturdy and there 's almost no rattling on smooth roads . The baskets do clang against their support bars a bit on rough roads , but you can tie pieces of an old air tube or something around that area to cushion the metal . I 'm using balloons at the moment . I have no worries about this thing falling off , bending or breaking . It is of excellent , sturdy quality ! Since I ride an old , heavy bike I 'm not worried about the extra weight , but if you have a light weight bike you will probably notice the difference more . So worth it though if wish you had a trunk ! : -RRB- p.s. Amazon seems to label this review as coming from Minneapolis , WI which makes no sense . LOL I 'm in Minnesota of course . : -RRB-
 The functionality of this basket exceeded my expectations . Does everything I need it to do . It is sturdy and very easy to install . I have recommend it to all my friends that join me at the Wednesday night Denver cruiser functions .
 I got my Wald rear baskets , went to put them on my bike so I could go shopping ... no instructions ! Come on ! Even a picture would help ! Hardware included , but whatto do with it ?!
 I have to say I did not have a vehicle for over a year and this had really , really helped me get groceries in rough times . It is really durable . I even carried my 8 year old son on the back of the bike with it . Sometimes I can get it to hold 4-6 bags of groceries . This thing is huge !
 Big and heavy , but carries lots of stuff . Bicycle tends to fall over when parked.Easy enough to install .
 This is a wonderful basket , good size , easy to adjust to fit my bike , carries a lot of grocery .
 It 's large , I like it a lot . But you need to make sure you want a basket this large on you bike . I used it on my 26 '' bike on a 24 '' bike I used the next size down . I mounted it to the eyelets instead of the wheel hub bolts , worked out great .
 Each side of this basket is big enough for a large grocery bag and is very versatile . It is well made and was easy to install .
 This does really work , it 's water proof and it does exactly as you would buy it for , carrying what you need to carry . Perfect for a student whether middle , high , or college . The only complaint I have about it is that it did not come with any sort of instruction booklet , So I had a pretty difficult time finding out how to install it on , but just go to the customer photos and you will have no problem at all , that 's what I did . And I 'll also give you a heads up that It will add 10 pounds to your ride but that 's only to be expected .
 I AM A FIELD SERVICE TECH IN A SMALL RESORT TOWN WHERE PARKING IS AT A PREMIUM.I HAVE THE WALD # 157 BASKET ALONG WITH WALD 'S LARGE REAR BASKET # 535 ON A 26 '' MOUNTAIN BIKE.I HAVE NO PROBLEM TRANSPORTING A FULL SIZE DESKTOP PC OR CASH REGISTER WITH THESE BASKETS.I OFTEN CARRY 8 + BAGS OF GROCERIES AS WELL.THESE BASKETS ARE VERY STURDY AND A BIT ON THE HEAVY SIDE.GREAT FOR LOCAL RIDES OF 10 MILES OR LESS.DEFINITELY NOT TOURING ITEMS.EFFECTIVELY THESE BASKETS TRANSFORM A BIKE INTO A MICRO TRUCK!IT IS NOT DIFFICULT TO MODIFY THE # 157 BASKET TO MOUNT ON SPRING SUSPENSION FORKS .
 This bike carrier basket is well made . I had no problems installing it onto my bike . It took about 10 minutes to install no modifications needed all parts were included . If you are looking for a bike carrier basket that is sturdy and well made then this is the one .
 I put this on my schwin 26 &#34; hybrid bike . I had no issues with installation & I did n't have to make any modifications . Each basket is just about a 1/4 &#34; narrower than a paper grocery bag but I always use reusable bag so that 's not a big issue . There 's about 3 &#34; or so in length of extra space so if you have to take something out of the bag to make it fit , you could put a single paper towel roll or a 2L soda bottle there . Just be aware of weight distribution . I would recommend bubble wrap for you eggs , lol .
 Strong , sturdy and surprisingly easy to install . Carries 4 gallons of drinking water or 4 paper grocery sacks with ease , plus 20 lbs of dog food on top . The only drawback is the obvious one , that it is advisable to split your load more a less equally between the paniers . Also , when combined with an eye-catching bike , the ensemble becomes the cause of much visible and audible envy . So , you had better get a good padlock as an accessory .
 I bought this to use on my old road bike to use for commuting . It 's a huge basket that can hold my briefcase , lunch , clothes , and lock . The connection of the front of the basket to the bike frame was a little tricky , but that may have more to do with the odd sized tubing on my vintage 1980s Raleigh aluminum frame bike .
 You could put just about anything in this basket . If you are n't put off by the width or the look , and need something to haul things around in , this is your basket . The instructions are lacking , and there would have been no way for me to install this myself , but I put my handy boyfriend up to the task and he did fine . He did n't look at the directions , he just fashioned up some kind of way to attach it and it worked out just great . The rating would have been 5 if the instructions had been clear .
 I had one of these years ago . It was bullet proof reliable . You install it , and forget it forever . Thankfully the product has n't changed . You can carry a small child in one of these . It is heavy!One con , the seat post bracket was missing . I could n't get one through Amazon . I was told they would have to send me another basket and a RMA was issued for me to return the first one ! Seems such a waste .
 This basket works great , and has a TON of space . Just be aware that it 's WAY bigger then you think it is from the picture . I had problems swinging my leg up and over it to get on my bike . But if you want a ton of storage -LRB- that 's very sturdy -RRB- on the back of your bike , this thing is great .
 This basket looks super cool on my 21 speed bike and I plan to put it to much use . However , when I received the package order I noticed the metal clamp which connects the basket to the bike frame was missing . No , problem . I went to the bike shop and they supplied me with one free of charge when they mounted my basket onto my bike . It would have been nice to have gotten the one that normally comes with the basket though . Thus , 4 stars .
 It is nice to find a place where you can order bike parts and get exactly what you wanted and ordered ! Very nice !
 This basket is amazing . It basically makes it possible for me to use a bike as my main mode of transportation . I regularly have to carry around a backpack , lunch bag , laptop and charger , plus miscellaneous stuff like groceries or extra clothes , and this basket lets me tote all that with room to spare . I 've even transported all that stuff plus a folding chair on it before ! If you live in sunny climes like I do , this and a couple bungee cords will set you up for all your bike cargo needs . And if you 're pondering whether to get the small or large size , I can tell you that a friend of mine has the smaller ones , and she says she sometimes runs out of room in them , so I 'd definitely recommend the larger ones .
 Bought this for a Panama Jack cruiser with rear carrier , but they do not fit . The carrier is too wide to allow the basket to fit over top of it . Great seller support , my first shipment did not contain mounting hardware , but with an email to the company , they sent me the hardware free . I may or may not use these on my next bike , but I will keep them . The weight is not bad and if they fit your bike they will be awesome . Plenty of room for groceries and whatever , and a top carrier they will work and work well . If they fit your bike , buy these and you will not be disappointed .
 These baskets are great ! They were easy to install , and I am very impressed with the sturdiness of construction and the large size . I retired recently , and I live within a couple of miles of the grocery store , so I thought it would be green and good exercise to ride my bike to the store . I 'm amazed at how much stuff I can pack into these baskets . I love it when a plan comes together .
 I am very pleased with this Item ! It is sturdy , and easy to install . I get my Groceries 2-gal of milk , 1-gal of O.J , Steaks , bread , I mean these Baskets can carry a lot of weight . I carried in them five 1-gal water bottles , and still had room for one more . Can not say enough about them , because I am saving money on gas by shopping in my neighborhood with my Bicycle . I would recommend them to anyone who rides a bicycle . Thank you Amazon on line shopping . `` Remember these are the Large Basket type '' Wald 535 18 '' x 7.5 '' x 12 '' . Thank you , John
 I purchased this to installed on my son 's bicycle -LRB- 26 '' adult size , from Walmart -RRB- so that he can put his school bag and violin in his ride to/from school . I am a DIY with lots of tools at home . Still I found the installation difficult . I eventually brought it to a neighborhood bike shop and had it installed - additional fitting is required to secure the basket to the saddle pole . The basket is so big that it almost interfere with the heel when paddling . Otherwise everything is OK - the basket serves it purpose .
 I like this bike rack . I have been using it for over a month now in the Wisconsin winter . So far so good . I have n't carried too heavy of items aside from a couple gallons of milk one time -LRB- that it handled very well -RRB- . I 'm fairly sure it would hold more than I would be willing to peddle . Overall I think it slowed me down maybe a mile per hour on the average , but its hard to say with changing wind and such . It seems relatively negligible unless you load it up , I could feel the milk but once again , that day was extremely windy as well . I did dock it one point because I do n't really like the taper too much -LRB- wider at the top of the basket -RRB- and it has close clearance to my feet when I peddle . I do have size 13 feet and it is clearly acceptable , but it would be nice if racks were further back . I think that might cause a problem with weight distribution and leverage on the mounts ... idk . All of these things were clear to me when I purchased it and of course was willing to live with . One interesting surprise -LRB- duh -RRB- was to be careful how you ride . It gets pretty shaky back there and some day old donuts I brought home from time to time crumble to dust . Maybe its not entirely a bad idea the baskets do have some flex to them . Be careful with fragile items -LRB- coming from the guy that was hopping curbs -RRB- . I would like to add that this was a really close call for a five star . Think of it as a 4.5 star . I just could n't give it the 100 % status as some of the spectacular products like the batteries I tested , but knocking it down to 80 % seemed a little ruff too . So keep in mind it was a strong four.update , i would like to update this to a five star on the basis it hasnt given me any problems and im the kind of guy that takes it down curbs . the metal although is getting bent -LRB- i think my buddy threw the bike down or hit something cuz it isnt weak -RRB- is holding up with corrosion WAY better than the mounting hardware i used for the rear light -LRB- home made mod -RRB- . i am impressed it held up though the worst of the winter . i think the only way to make this really better would be to use extremely expensive materials . way to be all around a good buy ! 2nd update . i just came back from walmart and it is about 10 miles away . i put a motor on my bicycle and was doing about 20mph ... hitting speeds of maybe 25 or 30mph . for the whole trip back i carried a 28 lb box of litter , a 16 lb bag of cat food and some paper plates and bowls . i hit a few good potholes in the road . one of the screws started to come loose and had to be tightened when i got back home , but everything was fine . i admit it was a lot of dead weight and felt pretty iffy at times to ride , but the thing totally took it ! i think that will be my most extreme test .
 You ca n't go wrong ordering this . It is n't as heavy as some have said . I installed this on a Crusier and just made a simple adjustment on my own to install under the seat . I put two metal bands that I made myself attached to the adjustable seat pole and it is secure and looks great . Had some rattling at first when hitting bumps in the road but with some sticky rubber pieces on the inside it stopped that . After all - we American 's can make anything work given the mind too .
 I ordered this basket for my specialized crossroads hybrid.I had to bend the two supports that attach to the seatstay and cut the last -LRB- large -RRB- mounting hole near the rear cassette.The basket fits well and looks great ! If you are not handy I suggest bringing it to your local bike shop for installation.I have read many complaints about installation problems but they are all mis-directed . Any after market basket needs to be customized to fit various frame and tire sizes.I made this install a fun and relaxing afternoon project ... more coffee anyone ?
 Why is n't Nike making these anymore ? I love this watch , and I get a lot of compliments , questions from people who would like to have one as well .
 This belt works great holding onto my duty belt . I have a whole lot of gear on my duty belt and was concerned that there was n't going to be enough contact surface between the belts . Well no worries , holds the belt great and it feels better then with belt keepers . I think that is because it has so many attaching points between the two belts . Highly recommended .
 It fits perfect with my Bianchi accumold . Perfect size an durable . For the price it is a good deal . xx
 Bought this belt to go with my Blackhawk duty belt and it works great , just be sure you know which one to order as they have both the hooks and loops and you need to know which your duty belt has facing out . Mine required the hoops as my Blackhawk had hooks on the outside . I should have taken earlier suggestions and ordered a larger size , that said this one fits as long as I do n't gain any weight . Belt is stiff and does an excellent job of keeping my duty belt in place when drawing gun from holster .
 I got this inner belt because my other one wore out , this is good quality and a great price , i recommend this product
 I take my gun belt on and off quite a bit . This item is great for just throwing it on to get to work and not having to worry about it shifting anywhere and staying in place .
 These bottom brackets are great . Extremely smooth operation , and you never have to worry about regreasing . This is a must have upgrade if you have a loose bearing bottom bracket , or if you want to resurrect an old ride . Just make sure you get the right size !
 I installed the UN54 on my '84 Schwinn High Sierra , which had a 130 mm bottom bracket axle . The plastic cup on the Shimano unit was hard to screw up tight . I stopped with about one turn remaining . It 's plenty tight . The plastic cup is rugged . I removed and replaced it twice and it held up to that abuse . There is conflicting advice about lubing the threads on the plastic . I used anti-seize compound on it the second time . Once it was back in and the pedal cranks were on , I had to readjust the front derailleur to compensate for the 2.5 mm shorter axle length . Everything works great now and I do n't get grit in the hanger bearings anymore .
 installed this in an old Raleigh mountain bike i found for 20 bucks and it is a nice moderate priced upgrade . work very smooth for a mid range quality bicycle .
 I bought this to replace a previous identical unit that replaced the manufacturer 's installed bearing on a flat bar road bike . The cheap bottom brackets used these days seem to last 2-3 years with my style of riding -LRB- rocky trails , some water -RRB- . The one I installed is starting to click after that period , so the lubricant appears to be failing . Sealed bearings in this case apparently does n't mean sealed forever . If you are willing to do the install or have someone else do it , these are a good deal . I do n't think there 's anything better out there for the price . Otherwise , get a more expensive unit and it may last longer .
 top stuff-maybe not the lightest but does have a hollow axle.keeps the vintage cranks rolling ... thanks for the great deal-will be back .
 From the perspective of a beginner diver , I was completely satisfied with the body glove wetsuit for Caribbean diving . The only hitch
 I am research scientist , massage therapist , and a dancer who has had multiple ACL knee surgeries -LRB- squash injury , poor first & second surgeons -RRB- . I was looking for a piece of equipment to maintain strength and fitness and enforce good proprioception . During physiotherapy , I had used a slide board and came upon the ProFitter Cross Trainer.Despite its higher cost , I chose the Profitter -LRB- physio pack -RRB- over a slide board since one can work more muscle groups . Unlike a slide board , one can sit on the Profitter and focus on abdominals or use system as resistance training for arms , shoulders , and isolated leg muscles -LRB- hamstrings , quads -RRB- . The other added bonus is because of its design , one can go from side to side as if one is skating or from back to front as if surfing or snowboarding.The Profitter provides good low impact , cardio work , which due to the adjustable tension given by four cords , can be customised for one 's balance and strength abilities . In addition , using the machine for isolated muscle exercises like leg extensions , kick backs , ad/abductor swings , the Profitter will tell you whether you have a more dominant -LRB- or , from another prospective , more gimpy -RRB- side . And the exercises , once you get into the swing of things , are fun . I have to fight my husband -LRB- also a professional dancer -RRB- for time on it.As the other dancer 's review mentions , posture and balance are key . We have the Profitter set in front of a large mirror so we can focus on form and check that the body weight 's center is over the working , pushing leg . It is good to start off doing small movements keeping on the center third of the Profitter first to get used to the movement . When making bigger side to side movements , relaxing the knees helps.From a rehab perspective , when I first worked on the Profitter , I realised that my operated , right knee did not flex as easily as the other . Indeed , because of the extended straighten state of the right knee , my balance shifted incorrectly so my center no longer over the working , left foot . Balance was lost , and it was a good thing that I had the balancing poles that came with the physio pack . So one needs to make a concerted effort in having dodgy joints behave as closely to normal ones - but that is the point of rehab.If the resistance is set low , one requires more balance and a faster shift of weight from left to right . Low resistance for the skiing movements is actually harder and requires more skill if going fully from side to side.Lastly - remember to be in the middle of the board when getting on and off . If you try to get off while the sliding board is to one side or the other , it will spring back to the middle.Overall , I recommend the Profitter for fun exercise as well as rehab , especially for lower joints . To get the most out of it , focus on keeping your weight 's center somewhere over the base created by your feet and on controlled , relaxed knee and hip movements . With all these in place , you will enjoy the Profitter .
 This is a great piece of exercise equipment that the whole family uses , even the kids -LRB- 12 & 13 years old -RRB- . It 's easy on the joints , yet gives a good cardio workout and depending on your stance , you can work on toning different muscle groups . It takes up very little space and is pretty light and easy to move . We keep it put away in the closet , then bring it out to use while watching TV .
 I purchased this to help me recover my strength from a hip injury , but I ski as well . It has been worth the investment on both counts.While the motion on the board is pretty fixed , you can work a lot of different muscle groups by adjusting the tension and/or your posture . This particularly helped me work out my hip area , and I think it greatly aided my recovery . It is also fun to use!Then I hit the slopes . Using the Fitter seems to have corrected a few bad habits I had gotten into on turns . While I am not ready for the giant slalom , I did notice an immediate difference in skiing faster and stronger than before .
 This is a great piece of exercise equipment , once you learn how to use it safely . It really works the legs in a side to side motion that is easy on the joints , and I believe very good for leg strengthening . In only a minute you will start to feel the burn in your legs . You might feel a little discomfort in your lower back , but that only tells you that you need to work it out more . I recommend the five finger shoes to go with it . All you need to remember is to keep the weight on the inside of each foot as you sway back and forth . Then you will keep your center of gravity over the center of the board . If you forget that , you can easily lose your balance and fall off , which can be dangerous . You can also use hand weights such as `` Heavy Hands '' , and when you take a 20 second break , work the arms with the hand weights . For a person with a couple of knee surgeries , I find this product is excellent . And it 's fun , easy to move , and feels great . Just be careful to go slowly at first until you learn the correct balance . But like anything , the effort to learn to use it will pay great dividends in your health and workout .
 Get same burn as when I am on the slope . Great workout in 20-30 minutes . Ca n't wait to get on hill to see how much better my skiing will be .
 Product was delivered promptly in perfect condition . This is great because even doing it a few minutes a day , I can work muscle groups that are not ordinarily worked by walking or using other types of exercise equipment . I anticipate this will help me ski better and more safely and keep my knees in good shape . Also great for proprioception .
 Good exercise . Wonderful therapy for my hip injury . Great conditioning for the slopes . Only thing I might change would be to angle the foot platform a little to simulate the foot position you would be in on a ski slope . My kids love this too .
 This is a nice soft t-shirt . Make sure you get it one size larger than you 're used to because it shrinks a little bit . Overall , a nice attractive t-shirt .
 I go fishing here on the northeast of the U.S. and this box has held up through the tough ocean conditions up here . The box seals up nicely and is plenty big for anything you might need . There is no separation in the huge bottom portion of the container so things can get messy . But , I 'd rather have the space than tons of tiny compartments . It 's not like I have flies or anything . I definitely notice reduced rust in hooks , jigs , etc. . Tight lines to all .
 This is an awesome suit . I went to a waterpark in Egypt with it and , in spite of the wind , I was the only one who was not chilly and I dried the quickest . :-RRB- The fit was great .
 I chose it because it seemed like a perfect fit and easy to get on and off . I am a winter sea kayaker and have not yet tested it out on the water . My only objection is that it is a rear zip which is just a little inconvenient ... but probably a bit warmer that a front zip . I would wear a balaclava on my head and neoprene booties and gloves , and another jacket over it all . Can not beat it for the price !
 I have had pain in my leg and lower back for more then 20 yrs most times i can live with the pain but then there are those times where nothing works . . Well DMSO does 5 minutes after rubbing on my leg and back the pain is gone .1 st time i used it , it worked right away and i was pain free for 6 hours . second time i used it was at night which was my worst time . it last for 12 hrs . Now i have to use it about once a week to keep the pain gone and i have only used it for about a month . and my 4oz bottle i not even half gone . this stuff rubs on for ever and little dab with do ya .
 I am 51 years old , and took up roller skating again a year and a half ago after 27 years of inactivity ; -LRB- I skated when roller discos were popular -RRB- , I have had a slight knee problem for a few years prior to taking up skating again , nothing that required medical attention though.Anyway , after using DMSO for a few weeks , I no longer have knee problems , I 'm glad I did not go to a doctor .
 Probably the best product I have ever tried for join stiffness and back pain I have used to date . I simply rub a small amount on my ankle where I have pain from an old break and within five minutes the pain is gone . It also works quite well on low back pain . My husband told me about this stuff . He uses it on his knees . It works and I will always have a jar of it handy .
 I have a torn ACL/meniscus ... i have not undergone surgery . I have been using this product for almost a year ... I love DMSO !!!! works like magic !
 This is a quick remedy for pain relief . Burns a little bit once you put it on but it does relieve the pain of soar muscles and joint issues .
 I did a lot of research on DMSO products before settling on this one . It is a very good product and is exactly what I was looking for as far as strength , purity , consistency , etc. . I highly recommend it for sore and achy joint/muscle issues .
 This product is very good at easing the discomfort of stiff muscles and achy tendons . Must pat it on and not rub it in as it can cause skin irritation otherwise .
 Just as described ! Shipped very quickly and arrived in great shape ! Would do business again in the future . Thank you !
 DMSO has many uses . Primarily it is a solvent useful to clean greasy items.However , I use it for pain relief -LRB- i.e. , burns , bee stings , sunburn , etc. -RRB- . It is also good for toenail fungus , but slower .
 I bought this for my boyfriend who said a doctory recommended it for a Ganglion Cist -LRB- commonly known as a bible bump -RRB- . I ca n't speak to the effectiveness , but the service from the supplier was fast and very courteous and the product is in good shape and good packaging . No complaints .
 Well , I hope that I do n't whack this one with my lawn mower , like I did the first one . At least this one was a perfect match for the light that I did n't ` kill ' .
 Nice wheel cover ! Expensive looking and fits well . Feels good on your hands , great grip for turns . Good buy , GO PATS !
 LIVING IN FLA THE INSIDE OF CARS GETS HOT . WITH THIS COVER HAVING THE MESS SIDE GRIPS I CAN GRAB THE WHEEL AND NOT TURN THE PALMS OF MY HANDS TO TOAST . WELL WORTH ADDING TO YOU CAR . YOUR HANDS WILL THANK YOU .
 My 20 year old grandson wanted Patriots accessories for his recent Volvo purchase . He really loves this steering wheel cover . Great item
 The cover is very heavy duty and looks good . However , we put it on when it was cold out and it took three people to get it on . On the plus side , it will never fall off . Overall , pleased with my purchase .
 This item was just what I was looking for , for my grandson . It was delivered quickly and will be a great present for christmas .
 This is a decent universal wax that has a unique benefit of lasting longer than other wax . It is a very hard wax , which is obvious when you scrape it -LRB- when cooled -RRB- after ironing it in . It also lasts 5 days -LRB- maybe more -RRB- in soft snow and two days on icy hardpack before you see base burn . This is double the wear of the usual hydrocarbon or fluro wax.I was surprised at how this `` hard '' wax worked so well in warm weather . Typically I use a soft TOKO or Holmenkol when the weather is above 38F , but this stuff provides decent glide . I 've used it up to 52F , but not higher . Even though it is relatively expensive compared to Hertel 's `` Hot Sauce '' -LRB- and nothing beats buying a 250g bar of shop wax in the off season for $ 10 -RRB- , I also use it on the kid 's skis since I do n't have to wax as often . I guess the cost evens out in the long run . It also seems to protect the bases against micro scratches better than other waxes.I give it 5 Stars as a universal `` recreational '' wax . Not having raced in over two decades makes me unable to accurately rate it as a universal training or racing wax .
 allthough it took a long time to receive my refund back because by accident i ordered two watches . the one watch i did want arrived very quickly and in excellent condition.my boyfriend loves it.i would diffently order from amazon again.thanks-sincerely , bellatouch
 What to say I ordered this product my son and grandson who are planning the obvious , lol . The product came new on time . This was a new one learning experience for me .
 A very well designed product
 We purchased 2 for our preschoolers . They love their beautiful new bikes . Unfortunately back reflector snapped right off when our son took his second fall . Otherwise , great quality overall . A little shocked and disappointed that bikes were made in China not Germany . Very easy to assemble , sturdy and safe .
 I bought this bike for my friend 's kid , who is almost five . He loves it and rides it every day . The bike arrives mostly assembled , and it is fairly easy to finish the job . It also seems like really good quality .
 I got this cage ball to play some games with teens that need a giant ball . The only thing I do n't like is that it is not perfectly round . You can still play a game and it will roll but I wish it was completely round.It is very durable and made of great material .
 This was big fun at youth camp . All ages enjoyed this ball . We used it as a reverse tug-a-war . Students pushed the ball against each other across a line . Need to use the correct nozzle to pump it up though . We purchased a camping air mattress pump . Worked GREAT !
 It is a great watch . It is light and sturdy and looks great , however you are unable to read the time in the dark , and for that I can only give it four stars instead of five .
 I bought this watch for my 15 year old grandson and I was a hit , which is not easy for a grandmother . It looks much more expensive than it is and works great .
 I purchased this watch for my boyfrieds bday . It got here in good timimg and he loved it . Its a very nice watch . . : -RRB-
 I got this fridge for my `` Mancave '' Late in 2009 . To Start Off With Great Just Great Product . For A Mancave or just to show off to friends this is Amazing ! It Vends . It Cools . It Works!Pros And ConsPros : - Chills Drinks Cold To The Touch . - Has a Working Coin Mechanism - Quite Motor - Can Sence If A Drink Is Available For Vending With a `` Sold Out '' LightCons : - Does not shut off after a certain temperature . -LRB- To Fix This I Recommend Getting A Plugin timer to shut this off at random times to save energy . -RRB- - Has A Coin Glitch Where You Stick A Coin into the coin slot and halfway through it will act is if you have placed a coin all the way into the machine . -LRB- Not A Problem Unless You Have Friends That Know About This Trick And Will Take Advantage Of You :D -RRB- I Recomend Getting This Vending Machine For Home/Office Uses .
 Allows user to readily Freedive . 20 hrs . of use and no slowing down . Upon rising from dive , little water is present by very insignificant in comparison to true snorkel . If your still using a classic snorkel , cross over to the dry side . The water 's fine .
 First off , I read several good and bad reviews before purchasing this snorkel . I felt the bad reviews I had read were probably more user than product . After usage , I feel there are two main things to consider with this product
 The name of the snorkel says it all ... it is ultimately ULTRA DRY ! This is the best dry snorkel in the market and worth every penny of it . My family could not be happier !
 works really well , doesnt get caught up on kelp either . keeps all the water out and is really easy to use .
 I bought this snorkel two years ago for scuba diving in Maui as I did n't have one with me . I chose this model because I was assured by the salesperson at the dive shop that this one would not let any water in and surely enough it never did . I have used it for diving as well as snorkeling and I came to the conclusion that this is by far the best snorkel I have ever used.Unfortunately I lost it last week on another dive trip to Hawaii -LRB- on the bright side it was my 8th dive out of 8 -RRB- , but I 'll replace it with the same exact model . Sure , it 's pricey , but I think it 's worth it -LRB- if you do n't lose one every two years -RRB- . Oceanic did an awesome job with this piece of equipment .
 Keeps water out well , fits well also . Had an occasion issue with the blow out valve taking a bit too much force to remove the water at the bottom of the snorkel but nothing major .
 If you want a well made , comfortable , dry snorkel , then this is the one for you . Attaches easily to a mask . Purge valve works well , although it is rarely needed . Used this on vacation on a calm bay beach and in the open ocean . I look forward to many years of use with my Ultra Dry ... Just to echo what others have said , ditch the old style and get with the present ... Oceanic Ultra-Dry Snorkels are the only way to go .
 Oceanic Ultra dry Snorkel is light weight but high quality . The mouthpiece is comfortable on long swims and stays dry in waves . Sits at the correct angle on your mask for snorkeling !
 This is a great snorkel it lets no water in at all it is completely dry . You will have no problem with this snorkel a great one for first timers no chance of choking on water .
 I loved this snorkel ... it gave me a wider range of view since I could turn my head from side topside without taking on water . Also the smaller size of the mouthpiece was much more comfortable ! A definite like !
 My son and I used these snorkels in Aruba and they worked excellent . Now the water was mostly calm but we got no water coming back into the tube . Very happy with this purchase and would buy from this vendor again .
 I went snorkeling with this and was surprised to get water inside the snorkel more often than using the other cheap one I bought at walmart.Other than that , it bends nicely and feels good in my mouth .
 So glad I spent the extra bucks on this snorkel . It completely shuts off the water when you dive down which came in great when I saw a sea turtle in Maui !!!
 There is not too much to review with a snorkel . It was comfortable and dry as advertised . Recommended .
 this worked great . no water entered while we were snorkeling in the carribean . one thing I did notice was that you have to be careful of the angle it is at while using on the water surface . if you tip it to far forward , it will engage and you will not only not get any water in it , but no air either .
 I read different reviews prior to purchasing and this is the `` DRY '' snorkel recommended in some snorkel comparative reviews and in several dive magazine product reviews.I just returned from a 2 week trip to Hawaii where we snorkeled everyday -LRB- am a certified diver -RRB- and this snorkel met my expectations . While shopping in a couple of Hawaii Dive Shops , for comparison I checked and this snorkel is being sold as the best dry snorkel . The Oceanic Dry Snorkel functions well and delivered exactly as decribed . I never experienced blocked air when not appropriate or any water in my mouth . It is flexible , secure on the left side of the mask -LRB- snorkels are made for left side -RRB- and well made . I am happy with this product . NICE !
 Used this snorkel instead of a U.S. Diver pack in snorkel I got in a set . Works alot betterPros : + Very comfortable mouth fit + Driest snorkel I 've used + Quick drying for quicker packing + Purge valve gives you an easier way to clear the snorkelCons '' - Clip for mask is adjustable but still at the maximum length did not feel like it corresponded perfect on my head -LRB- but I have a larger head -RRB-
 Okay , I admit that I have n't updated my gear in quite a while but this snorkel is fantastic ! I took it out for an afternoon 's worth of snorkeling and was impressed by how easy it clears . I was in light surf up to 3 feet and found the vents on the tube to work rather well to combat waves/water splash from entering . It did n't take a huge blast of air to clear and I never had to clear it twice . The flexible lower tube was great for placement and the mouth piece was very comfortable . I would highly recommend .
 This is a good snorkel as snorkels go . It does keep water out as stated , although it 's a little jarring at times not to be able to breath in air because a drop hit the sensor . After using it repetitively it does require a very good cleaning . Especially at the intake section where the sensor is located . Times that i neglected cleaning with fresh water made the dry part of the snorkel not function for the next outing . But cleaning the gear is a normal expectation and it 's definitely worth it to keep longevity.One thing worth mentioning is that this does have a very high quality silicone type material for the mouthpiece and bendable portion of the neck . You can tell this is not a cheap material , it 's very soft and durable . The mouthpiece is on the smaller side but again high quality .
 This is the first `` dry snorkel '' I 've used , and it was great . Never got any water in my mouth , even when waves were breaking over me . I 'm a fairly small woman and the mouthpiece was a little larger than I would have preferred , but not so large that it was uncomfortable .
 I used this snorkle in Honduras and Belize and it is AWESOME ! NO water at any time during high seas . My mask had a time or two but the snorkle was AS ADVERTISED and is now rated by a HAPPY CUSTOMER !! This is THE DRY SNORKLE for all you cruisers !
 Just used it on 3 different free dives -LSB- to 20 feet -RSB- , in the Caribbean . Got a few drops in it in choppy waters , but with the over-sized purge valve , it cleared easily . I 've had other &#34; so called &#34; dry snorkles that leaked all the time , but the Oceanic Ultra Dry lives up to its name .
 It works as advertised , staying dry even if you dive under the water . Definitely worth the money and such an improvement over non-dry snorkels .
 This snorkel worked just the way it was described . I made several dives under water and the air tube stayed completely dry . It was nice not having to blow out extremely hard to clear water -LRB- as I did with my old tube -RRB- and being able to begin breathing normally as I hit the surface was a plus . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys diving while snorkeling .
 I bought these snorkels for my husband and myself for our trip to Mexico . They worked very well once you got used to them . At first I noticed -LRB- as some other reviewers reported -RRB- that sometimes , even if my snorkel was n't submerged , it would close and I could n't breathe in . However , with a little patience and practice I realized that if I just changed the angle of my snorkel it worked great . Overall , I am very satisfied .
 This snorkel works like a champ . Used it in Turks and Caicos , Bahamas and Hawaii never has failed me . I like to dive down and explore so its nice to have a product that stays ultra dry . Coming back up to the surface and having a dry breath of air is awesome .
 I used this snorkeling in Thailand for a week and it never failed to be completely dry . One thing to remember though is when coming up from out of the water , if you are gasping for air , it actually sucks the value shut on the snorkel , so you need to do a very brief exhale or even just not be sucking in when you surface for the value to open . Good mouth piece as well , a little small for me , but overall great snorkel .
 Nice snorkel . Comfortable mouthpiece . Really keeps water out . Love it . Not sure what else to say ... guidelines say I need to add more words ... . It 's a really nice snorkel .
 Great snorkel gear . Keeps water out of my mouth . I am currently in Australia at the Great Barrier Reef and using my Oceanic gear.Good pick thanks Amazon
 The snorkel was very good but not perfect at keeping water out . The clip that holds it to the mask does not egender confidence .
 Great snorkel and matches the mako masks by oceanic perfectly ! It has wonderful durability and works very well . The mouthpiece is a great fit and it is overall a very good product
 Really awesome snorkel . Sits high out of the water and closes well underwater . Definitely recommend , as it is better than other dry snorkels I have had due to the splash guard included in this one .
 My German Shepard is picky about her snacks . Over the years she has developed an intolerance for chicken products.The Rabbit Fillets are great and she never turns them down .
 flame proof used it on my cuddy cabin and on several pontoons to re line the fuel system because of bad lines
 I 've been using this derailleur for the past 9 months . It 's resistant - I fell twice , and no miss-adjustments on the shifting even shocking the derailleur against the ground . The top-normal -LRB- Rapid Rise -RRB- design works really good with the Deore 2-Way Rapid Fire . Great deal for the price .
 original bb lasted about 13 years in a trek 730 . i already had the tools , grease . removing crank , etc and installing new bb did not take very long . i wish all the parts were metal , though . just like when you finally get around to replacing old shoes , you do not realize how screwed up the old one was until you get another .
 Good quality item from Shimano . No need to spend more money for the same results . Ca n't go wrong with Shimano products !
 A really nice replacement for my broken bottom bracket . Very smooth and easy to install . The only part I do n't like it so much is that I was expecting a black left-side cap , but I received a white one instead , and it does n't look good . Also the left-side cap is made by plastic , which does n't seem quite durable .
 Replaced the original cup-and-ball bearings -LRB- two outer races , a bunch of balls , the crank shaft , grease ... -RRB- in my 25 year old Canondale SM600 -LRB- mountain bike -RRB- just like that . Wonderful . Do n't forget the special tool . Use a torque wrench
 Great product , I was pleased to see that the adapter was aluminum made instead of the plastic one shown on the picture , so I 'd give the deal 6 stars if I could .
 the UN-54 was a perfect replacement for the Chin Haur that was originally installed on my bike . It was easy to install and has provided a smooth ride throughout the first several hundred miles I 've put on it . The only complaint that I can bring up is that it comes packaged with a plastic cup , rather than the metal cup that was originally installed . Unfortunately a slight variation from the Chin Haur to the Shimano prevented me from using the metal cup . I 'm not too concerned , since I 've had no problems with a plastic cup on my mountain bike , which I 've ridden a lot harder in the 7 years since I replaced the BB .
 Although this bottom bracket is a bit heavy , the reliability of Shimano products is common knowledge . This item did exactly what I asked and did not cost too much .
 The UN54 Bottom Bracket , has a great reputation ! The product was easy to install , it would be nice to have a metal cup , instead of plastic.I 've read a review where 15,000 miles were put on this bottom bracket , which is very impressive , for a mere $ 10.51 . Time will tell , if this one will hold up as well , it has a very smooth , quiet operation.Thus far it appears to be a great buy .
 shimano one of the most respected names on bike parts , this botton braket excelent is made by shimano so no sorprice . .
 I replaced the original bottom bracket bearing system on my 1998 Raleigh M30 . To my surprise , I had to buy a hook spanner , pin spanner , and box end bracket wrench to remove my original BB bearing system because it was not a cartridge system ; the original system had ball bearings , races , and a plastic cup . Once installed , the new UN54 cartridge BB bearing system worked great . I have the following advice on installation . First , clean out the bike threads well . Generously lube the part threads -LRB- the metal cartridge threads and the opposing plastic cup threads -RRB- . I first put in the plastic retaining cup on the left side of the bottom bracket ; bui I did n't thread it all the way in . I then inserted and installed the metal cartrige portion on the right hand side and bottomed it out - remember that it is a left hand thread . I then tightened the plastic cup on the other side , but it did not quite bottom out . I then installed the crank , but I had to buy the hex head bolts to install this as the spindle ends are hollow-threaded ; my original equipment had threaded screws on the spindle ends that used mating nuts .
 I am completely satisfied with this bottom bracket . Inexpensive , decent quality , and Shimano reliability . Make sure you have the special tool to install it !
 Sturdy product , -LRB- as long as you observe the installation instructions regarding the nylon bushing on the removable end -RRB- . Better than original . Good price . Smooth transaction .
 For a low end BB and a guy just getting into upgrades , this is awesome ! I can definitely feel a huge difference from my stock bracket . The `` plastic '' adapter was actually aluminum which was a very pleasant suprize ! I would definitely buy this bracket again , and its affordable enough -LRB- and a good enough value for the money -RRB- that ou can just buy a fresh one when its time for an overhaul and not feel put out .
 After much searching across the web for the correct bottom bracket I bought this one through Amazon . Amazon had the best price for the exact item . Beware of knockoffs found during web searches . Amazon 's supplier shipped it promptly and it was exactly as described . It was exactly what the doctor ordered .
 I only wish my mega exo bb spun as freely.Easy to install , smooth and sturdy in operation.Can ' t ask for more !
 I 've used a few of these for bike refurbs for friends . No fuss , no problems -- they 're great ! They gets old cranks -LRB- and bikes -RRB- moving like new again . These are affordably priced and should be a no-brainer replacement at the first sign of BB trouble -LRB- unless you are trying to be time-period authentic -RRB- . Be sure to check Sheldon Brown 's sizing guide before you buy !!
 I bought this while trying to track down a creak in my drive train . Installed it and the creak remained ! I 've got a crappy crank , it turns out . Not the fault of this BB , though ! This comes with a metal cup which I did n't like as much as the plastic cup it replaced .
 My bottom bracket was wearing out fast . There was lots of `` play '' in the crank , and when I pedaled hard , it felt sloppy and made a clunky noise . I took my bike to a shop to have the bottom bracket repaired . They must have taken it out and worked on it , but I suspect the original was not a sealed bracket . They did a nice `` tune up '' of everything else , but only tightened the bottom bracket instead of replacing it . I did n't realize this until I got home and rode it . It was not good enough.So I decided to do it right . You need an extractor to remove the pedal arms . -LRB- It 's a kind of gear-puller . -RRB- You also need a special socket to loosen up the old bracket , and maybe a good pair of channel locks or vice grips , depending on what 's holding it all together . On my bike , I had to turn BOTH SIDES FORWARD to loosen the bracket . -LRB- I learned this the hard way . -RRB- It rides like new now . I even replaced the bottom bracket on my step-daughter 's bike . Remember to tie the bike off the ground , right side up -LRB- to some garage rafters , maybe -RRB- in order to make it easy to work on . You 'll need to measure the overall length of the bracket , to the outer edges of the square ends of the shaft , and the inner length of the cylinder , to get the right part . Make sure you get the right one . Ask a bike expert if you need some help . I did!As an Amazon affiliate myself -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- ; My AMAZON Site , My STORES -RRB- I 'd recommend this product .
 This cartridge bottom bracket is the now-standard replacement for loose-ball bearing bottom brackets . For square-taper cranks . Easy to install . Note that one of the threads is left-handed , and many torque wrenches do not `` click '' in reverse . Size is by thread diameter and length of crank axle .
 These are very good sealed cartridges which are easy to install , make pedaling your bike easier and have a long service life . It is important to get the correct width of spindle -LRB- that 's the axle used to attach the crank arms , visible in the picture -RRB- , for example they come in 110mm , 113mm or maybe 115mm widths and more . Just measure the current spindle width on your bike to get the correct or close size . This cartridge displayed here has the standard square tapered spindle which is usable on most bikes especially lower to mid range priced bikes . Some people do not like the plastic threaded bushing which comes with the cartridge , but be careful how you install and it will probably be fine , i have never had a problem with these . The way i install these , a method which has worked for me , is to put the plastic bushing in first all the way until it is seated , then install the cartridge , but do not tighten real tight , if there is still a little gap between the steel cartridge flange and the bottom bracket housing , back out the cartridge a lot , then back out the plastic bushing maybe 1/4 to 1/2 turn -LRB- counter clockwise -RRB- and re-install the cartridge and check to see if it is seated , -LRB- which it most likely will be -RRB- and if not seated , repeat the process with another 1/4 to 1/2 turn to the plastic bushing and you should now have enough clearance for the steel cartridge to seat . -LRB- The cartridge steel flange will be flush with the BB Housing -RRB- . The way i install these cartridges just makes a nice neat job , that 's all . If you install the steel cartridge first , and have it seated flush with the BB housing , and then install the plastic bushing last , that 's where people bust the plastic bushing or maybe strip the threads and get mad at the plastic bushing , etc. . My way is much better . ~ gg
 Used the 68-118 to replace a 68-117 cartridge , so it did stick out slightly more than the original , but works well enough . Noticed that some people prefer these to the older style bottom brackets with the adjustable cones and ball bearings . Call me old fashion , but I prefer being able to simply take apart the bottom bracket , clean-out the parts , re-grease , put back together , adjust and go , rather than having to go shopping for a whole new part every time .
 I rebuilt a Trek 800 for a friend -LRB- it had some serious problems ! -RRB- and used this BB to replace the stock one -LRB- I do n't know what you call the style , but it was a square taper -RRB- . The UN54 fit great ! I used the 122.5 which i believe was the stock size . However , one tooth of the inside ring hit the frame . The wear on the frame , however , leads me to believe that it was lightly knocking on the frame all along . However , the chainrings are the long-discontinued Shimano Biopace -- if you know them , you can imagine why only one tooth would hit the frame.ANYWAY ! This otherwise fit perfectly . It was a tremendous upgrade from the long-worn BB . Along with a few other affordable upgrades , this trek 800 is a nice little commuter . I 'm probably going to throw one in the Trek 3500 I built up last summer . It squeals and that annoys me . I look forward to replacing it . If you 're a harder core rider , heavier , etc , you might consider replacing the plastic non-drive-side cup with an aluminum one -LRB- you can buy them online -- just search -RRB- . They 're about as much as this BB , so if you think you can tolerate the plastic , it should n't bug you .
 This is what I use on all of my bicycles . You will need the special tool to install/change it . I 've used this model for years with no problems . As a matter of fact , I have removed new brackets of other models to replace with this one . It 's bullet-proof . Just remember to use anti-seize lube instead of a regular lube in case you do want to remove it some day .
 I 've used several of these in the past . They last many thousands of miles with zero maintenance . Main concern on these is to order exactly what you need as there are several combinations of shell widths , axle lengths , etc. to choose from . My order was exactly as I expected and arrived in good time .
 I bought this to replace the cup and cone BB on my 1974 Schwinn Le Tour and it fits perfect . Easy installation except for the cup on the non drive side . The picture showed a plastic cup but mine was an alloy . Not sure if the plastic would have been easier since the combination of the taper of the part and the threads fading out down that taper made it difficult to know if i was getting it on correctly . At this point its on and I 'll have to wait until i need to replace it to know for sure if i messed up the threads .
 These bottom brackets are decent , which is good for the 20 bucks , and easy to replace when they do go out . Yaaaaah ! I do n't know what else to say ... Oh , they are n't crazy heavy either . Just a good middle of the road bottom bracket that will getcha all over town for real cheap .
 It was easy to replace my loose bearings on cages with this sealed bearing . Not too loose , not to tight ... never needs adjustment or disassembly to clean . This is the way to go.Note you will need a bottom bracket tool and a crank puller to replace them ... but it is worth it . The hardest part is figuring out exactly what size you need and exactly which tools you need .
 It is a great watch . It is light and sturdy and looks great , however you are unable to read the time in the dark , and for that I can only give it four stars instead of five .
 I bought this watch for my 15 year old grandson and I was a hit , which is not easy for a grandmother . It looks much more expensive than it is and works great .
 I purchased this watch for my boyfrieds bday . It got here in good timimg and he loved it . Its a very nice watch . . : -RRB-
 This is just what I was expecting . It 's good for hockey , soccer and throwing practice -LRB- and probably lots of other things I have n't tried with my kids yet -RRB- . It 's also really easy to set up and take down and it 's great on both grass and asphalt/concrete .
 Bought this for an 11 year old quarterback ! He loves it . Every easy to set up and take down . He loves the fact that he can take it anywhere and set it up himself . Very sturdy , holds up to plenty of punishment ! The adjustible target makes good practice for different passing angles . Great product , money very well spent !
 This product has been great for my children . My son is 12 and it has helped his pitching greatly , and my daughter is 8 and has also improved her pitching .
 For the price and relative ease of use , this is a decent starter net . The five foot height/width makes it a little small for older youth . It is easy to fold , carry and store , which is a huge plus - especially compared to other so-called portable nets . It deploys fairly easily enough , though the support pole set-up is not completely intuitive . The set I puchased had no instructions , so it was n't until after several uses that I completely figured it out . All in all , however , I am pleased with it and would buy another should the need arise .
 This is a good net for kids . Soccer balls work great , and as long as you stand close to it , hitting off a T is ok . The pitching/throwing bag is a nice plus , collecting balls for easy retrieval .
 Got this for my 2 boys - 9 and 10 - they love it ! Using it for pitching practice and for inline hockey practice . Its good quality and folds up easy once you figure out howe it works ! Kids put it up and down themsleves pretty easily . Sturdy when they play as well . The bag for the balls is fun and they score and count how many they get in !
 Been using this net for many months now and works as advertised . Make sure you stake the net well with provided stakes or you 'll get frustrated . My very active boys love it.Recommended.Only draw back is folding back up to a 29 '' circle . Although doable .
 I bought this product by Easton as I have been pleased in the past with their other products . I am pleased with this one , I did have to return it due to a manufacturing defect but the 2nd one was delievered to me faster than the first one was returned . I bought this for my kids as they are 6 & 5 year 's old and take them to the park to throw and kick the balls around , I use it myself as well . My son & daughter like kicking the soccer ball and I use it myself to throw the football at the target . I like the idea that the target can be moved to different levels or removed all together . If you use it regularly it is gon na take a beating , nothing lasts forever as with anything . I think it 's perfect for smaller kids , I think over time the target will rip and the snaps will break with the hitting it takes but that is just common sense to know this before buying . I was happy to see this on display in a store ahead of time but ordered it from Amazon due to having the better price . Folding it back up takes getting use to , do n't bend on it to hard as you fold it up because it looks very easy to destroy or disfigure the poles .
 I have a 6 yo and 4 yo that use this net daily . We use it for everything from catching baseballs hit off a tee , catching golf balls , catching lacrosse balls and soccer balls . It works great at a great price . As the kids get older I am sure we 'll upgrade to a stronger net , but for now it works fantastic.Folding it up was easy . If you ever had one of those auto windshield sun blocks that requires you to cross your arms to fold up , then it is easy to master.The folding feature was one of the main reasons why we bought it . It comes with a great , compact carrying case . Love it .
 This net is very easy to put up and is great for kids to practice pitching without a catcher . I like the versatility of using the net for other sports also .
 Best product we could ever bought for our son who loves every sport . We love the fact it just closes up in its own bag . Great for storage if we can ever store from our son .
 I bought this for my kids ages 9 & 11 to help with their pitching skills . It will also be good for other sports . I think it 's easy to put up after you get the hang of it .
 This is a great product . I would recommend you buying it but note there is no cover for the racquet so if you need one you should order it too
 I bought this for Christmas for my twin brother . We 're both Deadheads undercover now -- this is the perfect little piece of Dead for help on the way on the golf course.It 's a big towel that let 's other golfers know he 's kind .
 If you are a Bear 's fan and a collector then those will make a nice addition . I do n't think they will ever be a collector 's items . The finishing on the cars are not that great , but then again they are pretty tiny . I like the fact that there were two of them , and in two colors . Go Bears .
 Chamois Butt ' r Skin Lubricant is marketed to bicylists . However , this is a great product for anyone who needs serious moisturizing . I have a chronic rash on my foot that needs moisturizing several times per day and I generally use Vaseline which is goopy and greasy . Chamois Butt ' r is so much better because it is not greasy in the slightest - the texture is creamy and well - I just like it a whole lot better than vaseline . Anyone who has dry , patchy skin or chafing on any part of the body should give this product a try .
 This is the only cycling cream I have ever used and I will not use anything else . I love this stuff !
 I have used this cream for the last three years . It really works and is a lot cheaper than some of the other stuff on the market . Whether I use it as a topical cream or on my chamois in my biking short , this helps me spend a few hours in the saddle .
 I 've used Chamois Butt ' r for a couple of years now . It 's a MUST HAVE product for cycling , I never ride without it . It does n't irritate or stain in any way . One tube lasts 50 + rides . Amazon always has the best price and quickest delivery .
 I have n't used anything to compare it too , but this does the job very well . Keeps the tender areas well lubricated to cut down on chaffing . It washes off the hands easily after applying . So far I have no complaints .
 The product comes in a good sized tube which lasts awhile . For mild issues this product works pretty well , my situation appears to be more serious so it works about 50 % of the time . I run/walk long distances and it does not seem to last for more then about an hour but is effective in that amount of time . I also have very sensitive skin so there are times when it burns a little bit , but nothing serious . All that said , I would recommend the product for most .
 Solid product . If you are serious about riding you will want to use a skin lubricant . Chamois Butt ' r is reliable and the Amazon price is fantastic .
 I bought this for my daughter and let me say she has very bad eczema . I have been back and forth to the doctor trying to get some type of cream for her that actually works . I was about to order bag balm for her because I have used that in the past BUT I read the reviews about Chamois Butt ` r. I had to try it . I was amazed at how fast this cream worked . My daughter 's skin is soooo dry I know it hurts her sometimes especially her hands . When I put this cream on her it immediately went to work . None of the creams from the Dr 's office worked this fast . I do n't see my daughter scratching like she normally do and it keeps moisture in her skin . I will be ordering again for sure .
 I use this to protect the tush while riding . I have a pair of road shorts that I would n't be able to wear without chamois butt ' r due to harsh seams . Had no problems since . I use it all the time now , even with my much nicer bibs and shorts that I have never had trouble with . Seems to last a while too . I am about halfway through one bottle and I have used it about 20 times now . I have n't had to reapply during a ride , but I also have n't got over 50 miles at a time yet . I could see you needing more , but you get plenty of miles out of each application at least .
 + Works very well . Easy to apply . Stays on even through long wet rides . - Expensive .
 I have been doing long enough rides lately that my buddies suggested that I try this stuff out . I was not disappointed and my first ride . Did about 50 miles with 6,500 feet of climbing and I was not as sore as I usually am . On those rides I usually find myself shifting around a lot trying to get comfortable , but the thought never even crossed my mind during the ride . Well worth the money .
 200 - 300 Miles a week in the saddle would not be possible without this product . The smaller packets are also a huge benefit to take along when cycling more than 60 miles . An absolute staple product in our home .
 I have an ergonomic seat . I wear high quality kits . I could still not make it through a single ride without this product . Simply put , it reduces friction where you sit . Even on my mountain bike , with the gel seat , a liberal dose of Chamois Butt ' r on my shorts makes for a much more comfortable ride .
 When a product advertises that it does something , we try it , and if it does what it says , that is worth using . We love being able to order from Amazon as we ride year round in heat and humidity in southwest Florida . This works on our 45 to 65 mile rides . When we do a century ride , we 're still covered .
 Highly recommended for those long bike rides . Feels a little different if you are n't used to it , but makes a difference . Remember to apply enough . 60 miles and no sores or chaffing .
 Love this stuff . I use it on all of my rides 20 miles and longer and it greatly reduces friction . Makes it easier to stay in the saddle longer .
 Had some saddle sores from riding my bike . . This product does exactly what it says it does . . No need to apply liberally ... . No greasy mess ... . no need to apply to shorts ...
 This does what it claims to do and is cost effective and prevents discomfort . It comes in a large tube and if used as described , it will last a long while . Will purchase again .
 This chamois creme works very well . Definitely helps on long rides . Does n't have a weird smell . Pretty tolerable scent . Easy to clean off . Does n't feel greasy . Good product overall .
 To reduce friction , rashes and rubbing this is the best product good for both male and female use . Use small amounts on areas of friction .
 seems to work cause I am not getting rashes anymore from long runs ... this will really be tested when I work outdoors in the summer though .
 This product is GREAT . I ride bikes and play several sports where I sweat a right much . I needed a product to prevent chaffing . I have tried many products but most are too thick or too thin . Butt ' r is thick enough to be effective without being gooey thick . It is smooth and soothing to the skin . I use Butt ' r almost everyday and am extremely satisfied.Robby Carruth
 During the summers I work 12 hours a day logging . After a long day , I was often severly chaffed . I tried a few different items to prevent chaffing . All of the ones I tried worked , but this product was superior . The other products I tried were greasy , and uncomfortable . I do n't think putting greasy items when sweating hard under the hot July sun is the best way to go . This went on easy , felt more like a lotion/cream and shortly after application I did not know it was on . What I did notice is that the chaffing was gone !
 My husband rode his bike over 16,000 miles in 2009 and he goes through chamois cream like crazy ! This butt ' r does what it 's supposed to and Amazon has it for a great price !
 if you are a cyclist or even a runner , you know your # 1 enemy is chaffing . this stuff keeps your body from falling apart on itself . Whether i am riding 100 or 20 , or running 26.2 or 3 i use this
 When I go on backpacking trips , sometimes I get chafing between my thighs . I bought a tube of this , and put a little bit in a small travel bottle for each backpacking trip , and if the I feel my thighs heading towards chafing , a dab of this down there prevents a lot of agony . Also useful for international travel when I am walking 10 + miles a day .
 Ok what can you say ? This stuff works like a charm ! I was having chafing problems on long rides while training for Ironman and this stuff really does the trick !
 Easy to apply . Ships very well . Tube can be preheated in sink of hot water to make cold shock gone .
 I have used several kinds but keep coming back to this stuff . Use it for jogging and riding , it gets the job done and the price is right too .
 I never ride without this stuff whether on the road or on the trainer . This is the best price I have seen .
 If you do any long distance riding , say more than 15 miles , you really need to use this product . It prevents Chaffing and makes the ride much more comfortable .
 I had started up competitive and long distance biking about 9 months ago . I signed up for the MS150 bike ride and was training about 50 miles a day when I started to experience some serious discomfort . I was told to get some bike lube/butter and it did not disappoint . Instantly it provides cooling relief and after a few minutes I could not even tell I had any problems at all!Highly recommend . The bottle is somewhat big and not recommended in your bike jersey pockets . Get the smaller sizes for that .
 I was showering after a long RAGBRAI ride , moaning because I was hurting so much , when a fellow-rider asked me if I had ever used Chamois Butt ` r . She gave me a sample which I gratefully accepted . I have used it on every ride since and have had no more private-part-pain . If you bike a lot , you will understand what a benefit this product is . I use it directly on the skin . An amazing find , and much cheaper than purchasing from the bike shops if you order two from Amazon and save on the S&H charge .
 Arrived on time and it works great . I have been using this product for many years . It is a great product to use .
 I like to do long bike rides . 50 to 100 miles is okay with Chamois Butt ' r and a pain in the *** without it ! I like the quick delivery too .
 My husband uses this when he rides his bike . He thinks it is the greatest stuff and wo n't use anything else . It is the only product that stops the chaffing cause from riding long distances .
 This product does seem to make a difference with thigh rub . It makes riding long distances a pleasure . This was a good buy and I would recommend its use .
 The old saying `` If momma ai n't happy ai n't nobody happy '' really applies . This product is a MUST for any biking over 10 miles . Apply directly to pad of shorts and you can ride all day without chafe or hot spots . Since I started using Chamois Butt ' r -LRB- ride tandem bike over 2K miles per year -RRB- I have been one happy stoker !
 i 've used this a couple times on shorter rides -LRB- 20 miles -RRB- and found it to be helpful . have yet to use it on longer rides . cooling and comfortable in immediate use .
 Until Chamois Butt ' r my cycling was always an uncomfortable event . Originally I used Penaten Cream having slathered this on all 5 of my kid 's bottoms when they were still in diapers . But it was messy & hard to wash out . I discovered this product a few years ago when I got a small sample at a charity ride . Since then I never ride , or paddle or in-line skate or even hike without it . You can apply it to any & all of your `` delicate '' areas , & especially for women 's `` crotch '' there is NO stinging or burning affect . I put it on my feet before my boat shoes go on for kayaking & I never get blisters or wrinkly skin . I use it where ever there might be a chance of friction ... legs , toes , chest etc. . It lasts a long time . It never stains my clothing & is easy to wash out .
 I do like this chamois cream . It does the job that it is supposed to do . Long rides become more comfortable . I do however , like the tub version better with the cooling cream .
 I do a 10K on a Concept II Ergometer -LRB- indoor rowing machine -RRB- virtually every morning . After about 10 months of this I developed a sore spot from chafing about the size of a quarter on my butt . I found this stuff in a bicycle shop , marketed to bicyclists with a similar problem . Now I smear it on my butt before every workout , and it has worked both as a cure and a preventive measure . I missed nary a workout while my skin healed itself , thanks to Chamois Butt ` r. Excellent product . Expensive , but worth every penny .
 I 'm a runner , and I have been using Glide Stick for years . Glide Stick is very expensive , and I used a lot of it . I decided to try Chamois Butt ' r as a cheaper alternative . I have been using it for about three weeks , and it works great ! The longest run I 've gone while using it is 7 miles , no chafing ! It 's a lot cheaper and less greasy than Glide Stick . I highly recommend it .
 I 've bought one of these because of the RANDONN&Eacute;E -LRB- AUDAX -RRB- events that cyclist do . Because we can ride a bike during more than 10 hours -LRB- sometimes 30 , 40 hours -RRB- , even without sleep , we need POWERFUL legs -LRB- and butts ! -RRB- Of course I was an unbeliever . ` Let me test it ' , I told one AUDAX BRAZIL organizer.In order to protect the area , we can use vaseline or products like Chamois , which , for me , was A LOT better -LRB- I can say , 300 % better -RRB- ! But you must use more than ONE application that the instructions say -LRB- until 1 ounce -RRB- , so you have 8 BIG servings using this . However , some conversative people optimize its usage , which can take till 20 servings before buying another.Some people -LRB- like one of my friends -RRB- can say ` oh , I saw no improvement ' , but it surelly does have ! The problem , of course , is that everyone is different , so you have to test it before giving opinions and making jokes . However , for people who rides for HOURS , this can help 95 % of people FOR SURE . For me , it worked perfectly . No pain , no hurting , even after the ride -LRB- and a hot shower -RRB- . We feel like we didnt ride a meter!The Randonn&eacute;e 1000km is near , so we 're prepared !
 Simply put . . this stuff works . I bike about 75 miles a week and this is the first cream that has never let me down . Another advantage is that it does n't make your bike shorts greasy . Be sure to apply liberally .
 This works . Period . If you have a problem with chafing on a long bike ride , use this product.It 's wonderful .
 This stuff works . It does great on long distances for both running and biking . It 's not greasy but stays put and works for hours . I use this in those places that chafe and it really helps ! It also does n't smell , nor does it it build up in my shoes .
 I 've tried a number of different similar products and this is the only one I use anymore . I ride 150 to 200 miles per week and sometimes more on multiday tours . No problems with this stuff even on a recent 6 day - 300 mile tour - all in the rain .
 Slap some on your unmentionables and they 'll thank you for it later.It does n't feel sticky or slimy , like I was afraid of . Makes those long rides much more bearable . I highly recommend it .
 This is really good stuff . It does everything as advertised.Tube is large and will last forever . You do n't need a lot to make it work.No smell to it is a bonus .
 Honestly , I 'm not sure how I ever rode without this ... No more chafing , PERIOD . Saddle sore is even less while using this product . I think I was stuck at 30 miles prior to using this product , and now I can do 50 mile rides , no problem.JUST BUY IT ALREADY .
 This is the best product of its kind that I have found . It is very functional , but not greasy like some of the others . It last for hours while in the saddle , but washes away easily after the ride . The small one ounce pouches are very handy when you are away from home .
 The product works as mentioned . I used this on a bike tour in severe heat , for many days , and it helped a lot !
 Wonderful for use on exercise bike and everyday use . Helps heal chaffing and truly avoids futher irritation happening . Have used it now for 5 years and have not been disappointed .
 I bought this cream for a 115-mile charity bike ride that I did a few weeks ago . I was seriously worried about chaffing , especially in the hot weather or if it rained . Well , we rode the first 80 miles in the heat and then it poured and this stuff worked like a charm . No chaffing at all . I gave some to my friends who did the ride with me and they used it too - same good results . And there is a lot in that big tube , so it will last you a long time .
 O ciclista de longa distncia precisa de , al&eacute;m do preparo f&iacute;sico e psicol&oacute;gico , suportar as longa horas sobre o selin . &Eacute; a&iacute; que entra em cena a Paceline Chamois . A distribuio da chamois sobre o forro e sobre a pele em contato com a bermuda na &aacute;rea de presso sobre o selin faz toda a diferena no sentido de aumentar a resistncia a assaduras e escoriaes . Paceline Chamois &eacute; um intem indispens&aacute;vel na bagagem do ciclista de longa distncia .
 I got this product for my son to use . He is an athlete that had chafing in a delicate area . It worked wonders for him overnight .
 This is a great product , ca n't run without it . This is very reasonable for such a large amount of Chamois Butt ' r and it works GREAT ! Also received the product before estimated shipping date : -RRB-
 This stuff is so good . I wear it all the time and I 'm always slipping and sliding -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . I 've never had any problems with this stuff and I 've had little to no chaffing when I wear this stuff . The only awkward thing is if you put it on your butt area and then go to the bathroom ...
 This stuff does help with chafing when cycling . I was very happy with it . Not greasy or smelly . Goes on easy .
 I thought I was comfortable without chamois lube , but as soon as I got this product I realized that it causes a night and day difference in comfort when I am out on long rides . Apply liberally and your butt with thank you later .
 This product has eliminated bike-saddle pain for me . It lessens the negative affects of friction on your skin . Great stuff .
 i work a job where i sweat a lot during the summer , and this stuff is a lifesaver . totally save me a lot of pain and suffering this year .
 I recieved it on time and I can see a big difference on a long run , I bought the tub and the tube version and I like both
 Good stuff . Use it . Washes with water , does n't stain . I can walk normally after a four hour ride No burn .
 I ride 1 time per week and can not ride my mtn bike without it . I ride for 1-2 hrs.I also ride dirt motorcycles and ca n't ride without it . That I will ride 8 hrs . Wish i had a tougher hide , but this product has been a game changer . Got my friends hooked on it after they complained of monkey butt .
 I have been using this product as an anti-chaff cream for long runs , i.e. from 12 miles to 22.5 miles . Simply , it works as well as the competition , i.e. Body Glide.The best part , however , is that the amount you get compared to Body Glide is very generous buck for buck . Given that you need to cover your feet , ankles , chest , and waist if you want to avoid blisters when you are running 10 + miles , you would spend a small fortune in Body Glide ; A single Butt ' r tube has lasted me for about 100 + miles of running.In general this is a very good product and is highly recommended for the serious runner . Though probably not important , it does smell a bit better than Body Glide though if price is not a consideration , both products work about the same in term of preventing blisters and chaffing .
 While I can get by without it on short rides , it certainly has made the difference on +50 mile outings . I do n't know why I do n't use it on the shorter rides because none of the problems I anticipated with it came to pass .
 Chamois Butter is great stuff if you do a lot of riding . Helps prevent saddle sores . Rode 5,000 + miles last summer -LRB- 07 -RRB- . This product was very helpful .
 Works well but irritates sensitive skin ! This product is great and it is easy to apply , works well and is n't perfumed in any way . However , this still irritates my skin and leaves me feeling uncomfortable before and after bike riding !
 Chamois Butt ' r 8-Ounce Skin Lubricant Love this product makes long rides alot more comfortable not greasy cleans up easy no mess .
 After more than 30 years of not needing anything for my Chamois , I suddenly started having issues on very hot days . Chamois Butt ` rdid the trick , it 's easy to use and comfortable . A good product . .
 I bought 2 similar products so I could compare how they worked . My goal was to make a decision on which I would buy in the future . This is easy to apply and did a better job during long bike rides . It however did not seem as effective at remedying any chafing that occurred during the ride . The other product was much better . May try the tub next time to cut down on potential waste getting it all out of the tube . Will probably continue buying both products and using them for their strengths .
 Beautiful scope and very clear ! Made in Japan which is very good quality , excellent optics and overall finish.Be cautious what your application for a 4X scope is because you have a small field of viewand it it not fast to get the scope on the target . A 2X scope is best for most hangun shootingunless you are shoot long range from a rest.I own a 2X and the 4X Weaver classics and both are fantastic ! I also own Simmons , Redfield , Leupoldand Bushnell handgun scopes . The Weaver holds its own with all of them .
 It is a great watch . It is light and sturdy and looks great , however you are unable to read the time in the dark , and for that I can only give it four stars instead of five .
 I bought this watch for my 15 year old grandson and I was a hit , which is not easy for a grandmother . It looks much more expensive than it is and works great .
 I purchased this watch for my boyfrieds bday . It got here in good timimg and he loved it . Its a very nice watch . . : -RRB-
 If you 're looking for a Mak-Cass scope , this is a GREAT scope . The standard 32mm Plossl eyepiece is very good , and mounted on this scope gives excellent 67x views . Being a Mak it has great contrast -LRB- almost as good as a decent refractor -RRB- and having 130mm of clear aperture it does a decent job on deep sky objects as well -LRB- the aperture is just a cut above many of the 5-inch Mak-Cass scopes -RRB- . I bought mine as a spotting scope , so it needs decent equatorial mount for astronomical objects . The finder scope is a 9x50 , which is quite a cut above normal as well . This scope is on the heavy side for its aperture , so do n't skimp on a mount . I bought mine on sale , and I have very pleased and impressed -LRB- I was not looking to buy a scope , but I could n't resist the price -RRB- . Backlash in focusing is minimal . I do n't use it much as a spotting scope , so I do n't find much use for the `` flip mirror '' feature . The supplied case is good , with solid foam padding to carry the scope . The C130 is highly recommended if a moderate-to-large Mak-Cass is what you 're looking for . On price-for-performance and appropriate use , this is a GREAT scope .
 I 've become a Royal Robbins fanboy . These pants are incredibly well made of quick-drying fabric , with numerous hidden and zippered pockets . They 're simple enough to not look like Amazon safari pants - in fact , I 'd be comfortable wearing them to a nice restaurant - and the detailing on these -LRB- lining , finish threadwork , fit -RRB- is really quite remarkable.I purchased these to accompanying me on a European trip this spring , particularly for their classic casual styling , wonderful construction , and quick-drying wrinkle-free fabric .
 Easy to setup and breakdown . Very durable . Great for travel teams or just hitting at home . Tall and wide enough to not worry about missing the net .
 Excellent product . Portable . 1st time taking it down can be tricky . It helps to watch a video on youtube . Overall an excellent training net .
 This net is very durable and has worked great . But , I still have trouble folding it up , most likely secondary to me , but it is tricky . Now it just set it up against the wall and then unfold when needed . Very sturdy in wind so far , but a stiff wind will knock this over .
 The net is pretty big , this combined with the `` pop up '' nature of the product makes it impossible for my son to set up/take down on his own . Makes it even a little hard for mom and dad getting the twists/folds just right to get it back in the carrying bag . It 's holding up ok for as much as we do use it .
 I recently purchased the net . It is a good piece of equipment to have . I have four kids and they all use it . It has been a GREAT help for them and would highly recommend the net to anyone . The only thing that kept me from giving it five stars is folding it up takes a little getting used to but once you figure it out it is not too bad .
 Bought this net for my son and his LL team . Easy set up , just follow directions when folding up . The only drawback I can see is that the support poles get easily dented from balls ricocheting off them . It is my hope that I will be able to procure extra sets of poles , because it is truly a fantastic hitting aid .
 I play Pony baseball and I bought this net to improve my swing . This net is good for hitting off a tee or for soft toss . It drops the balls very quickly after being hit . It is a very large net and not easy to hit past . Overall this is a pretty good net , but if you hit a pop up it sometimes goes over the net . I used it in windy weather and it sometimes still fell over with the steaks in the ground . Definitely a good value compared to others I looked at .
 Another coach I worked with used one of these . I liked it , so I bought my own . I 'm past the half-way mark on the second season of using this with a Little League team , and I 'm very happy with it.Like with other `` pop-up '' type products , there 's a trick to getting it to fold up . I 've found it works best if you lay it on the ground , then fold the bottom-left corner up to the top-right . Two loops form to the sides . Grab those , and gently guide them back into a circle.If you force it , you can twist the bars inside , and undoing that could be a hassle . But , done right , it folds up fast . I use this for soft-toss in the outfield right before a game , and I can fold it up and get it into the bag in about a minute.The only downside I have noticed , which is why this gets 4 stars and not 5 , is that the zipper on the bag on both models I 've seen has broken . It 's not that big of a deal , because the bag comes with velcro straps to close it up , which work good enough.I now keep this net in the trunk of my car , and use it at every practice and game - I 've probably used it over 100 times . Recommended .
 I was looking for a net for my four year old who plays every sport imaginable . I wanted something that could easily pop up and break down . One that was tall enough for my son to hit balls into ... well , basically do its job.I read all of the reviews here.I 've realized that it is getting bad reviews because of breakdown . I was actually intimidated at first . But then ... there was a light bulb that went off in my head . DUH ! YouTube !! Sure enough , the company has a video on how to set it up and break it down . I watched the video about five times in slow motion and got it . Piece of cake . the trick really is in the top half when folded . The corners should NOT meet up . -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'm giving this a four out of five because when breaking it down , one of the poles tension cord broke off . No biggie , but it was NOT supposed to happen.Love it !!!
 I 've read some of the other reviews and I do n't understand why people have so much trouble folding this thing up . It folds up very easily for me . I just followed the directions and its very easy to fold up . Maybe these people are the kind that refuse to read directions.It 's a great value for the price -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- . I 've used it for over a year now with 7-8 year olds , and it 's worked great . There has been 1 small tear in the net , and I tied it up with a piece of string . It does not work very well when it 's windy , but that 's because of the light weight and portability . The carrying case needs to be redesigned . The zipper on it broke within the first couple uses , but this is not really a big deal because it has velcro closures also as a backup . The case has torn several holes in the bottom , and I 've had to try to patch it up with duct tape , which looks tacky.So there are a few things that could be better designed , but as for functionality , it has been well worth the price I paid for it .
 As a coach , I believe a portable backstop is CRUCIAL to my team 's success . I went through quite a few backstops before I settled on the Easton 7-foot Pop-Up Catch net . The three qualities I looked for were portability , durability and easy setup , and this backstop provides all three . My fastpitch softball teams have hit literally thousands -LRB- over 15,000 so far , actually -RRB- of 12 '' softballs into the netting -LRB- and dozens clanking off the sides -RRB- with almost no wear . One person can easily set it up and take it down in a couple of minutes -LRB- though as with all Pop-Up merchandise , there is a trick to getting it to fold into the right shape -RRB- . Another feature that makes it # 1 in my book is that at 7 feet tall , it is the largest portable backstop I have seen . This is an important safety factor , as we often have to set up our batting stations in a limited area waiting on the game before us to finish . The last thing you want to deal with before a game is an errant ball conking someone on the head because your backstop was too small to catch the pop fly that your player accidentally hit.I have had the Easton 7-foot Pop-Up Catch Net for two plus seasons of hard use , and the carrying bag is starting to tear at the handles . I would recommend that Easton make this carry bag out of the same material as their Pop-Up Playback Trainer 's carry bag , which seems to be of higher quality.The reason this product gets 4 stars instead of 5 from me is that the fold-down instructions that come with the Catch Net are , frankly , awful . I almost returned it because I could n't get it to fold down by following the directions , until another coach showed me how to do it -LRB- Thanks , Kim !! -RRB- . The real way to fold down the Catch Net bears no resemblance to the instructions provided . Improve the instructions for folding down the net , and I think Easton would have an excellent , as opposed to good , product .
 This net does everything it should ; however , it is very very hard to fold and put away when done using it . There have been times when I 've gotten very frustrated and have been closed to throwing it away just because I ca n't fold it . If this net was easier to fold , it would be worth every penny .
 This product is great very easy to put up and take down . I would suggest the 7 ' versus 5 ' all day . Makes a big difference . The only issue for this is when it is windy and the wind is coming from behind . I have added some stakes and bungees to strap it down when this occurs .
 The flag arrived much faster than what I expected . We placed it on the wall alongside the other state flags representing the memebers of my platoon . This item is of great quality , thanks ... MSgt Y
 Again , for the price these look really awesome . A heritage flag for me . Rectangular . They also shipped the newer version of the Louisiana State flag to me which this picture is not depicting .
 I 'm not sure how to review a flag , but I hung it up on my wall and it makes a great addition to my room . Nothing bad to say about it .
 This wetsuit is good quality at a good price for a child who will outgrow it in a year or so .
 I 've worked with horses for over 40 years and lead ropes with this smaller clip have always been my first choice . They are easier to handle , quick to attach to the clip on a horse 's halter , and quick to release from the halter . I particularly like these lead ropes for children . Their hands are small . They just ca n't manage those bigger lead ropes with heavy clips . So if you 're in the market for the best lead rope ever , these are good . I bought a bunch and really need to buy a bunch more so that I never lose this source . I 'd like to add also that the clips are strong . They are not breaking .
 2 huge bags of bbs for 5 bucks !? I 'm not asking questions . These are actually pretty nice , too . Very smooth and fire well . What else can be said !?
 Great bbs for a really cheap price , buy now while you can , no better deal out there .
 I tried finding cheap good bb 's , THESE ARE THE ONES ! I think they are the best ! They work well , shoot well , and is really accurate . This is nice to have for nice price =] . Other bb 's are bad and cost a heck of a lot .
 these bbs have very good accuracy . They are super cheap and affordable . Buy them if you have guns that shoot .12 gram bbs .
 bbs came about 3 days early and were all in one plastic bag that read 5000 count which is rather odd considering only 2000 is being advertised . Awesome deal , thanks guys .
 I paid a few bucks for tons bb 's and these are exactly as described polished perfect grade . I tried using cheap generic bbs and they ended up jamming my AEG from time to time and worst of all losing its accuracy . These fine polished bb 's gave me no problems at all and it made a huge difference , my gun ran smooth and all my targets were being hit in the same place multiple times proving that my gun is capable of making accurate shots . The smooth surface played its part in the fps because its perfect round shape did n't cause any friction to curve away from its target and lose its hit strength . I recommend to everyone who wants to save on airsoft ammo to stock up on these pellet bags because you can never tell when your going to need them for training and skirmishes plus they 're cheap .
 I like these bbs the only thing i do n't like is that they have seems they are not very rough seems , to where the hurt you gun but you can tell there there . They shoot good and for spring guns they are perfect , in an AEG they would most likely cause gear problems or damage your hop-up . Austin
 i wuz gnna buy like a thousand ok quality bbs for like 2 $ wen i wuz about to place my order i saw these and im happy that i did.So first of all wen i wuz gnna check out i saw the approximate shipping time and it said about 3-5 days and i got it on the 3rd day so i guess they were shipped to me fast cosidering the shipping time that wuz posted . When i finnaly got them they ddnt come in a box they came in a large foldable envelope . So when i got them i wuz idk i guess i wuz exited -LRB- there just bbs but they were like 2 $ for 10000 -RRB- . I got the package opened it up and realizied they came in 2 5000 bags -LRB- not a bad thing -RRB- . I wuz gnna keep them in the bag but as soon i got one from the bag i realized they were fairly good quality polished seemless bbs so i put them in sum bottles . They shoot very accurate and do not jam so im glad i purchased this item .
 when i bought this item it was 10k of bbs , but when i clicked on the item to review though it changed to 20 k for triple the price , what is going on here ? still an okay price but the 10k was cheaper
 Even though I never use .12 's in my higher end AEGs or my sniper rifle , it always helps to have a lot of them for when me and my friends are out in the woods with my cheaper AEGs and my spring guns .
 Uh alot of bb 's never thought 10k was so much , they send it in 2 5k bags , takes ages though
 They are like the cheap BBs you get with your gun . They are white , not yellow . Still , 10000 BBs for this price is a steal .
 you get wat you pay for but for its amount you wont be disappointedi got mine within a week and they were great and for a good pricethey got air bubble so bewarebut get some for shooting around for fun and target practice
 great amount of bbshad them for 5 months now and they are still lastingvery good buy and great pricehighly recommended
 Well I got this for $ 7 and like they said , it comes in any color they want to send -LRB- I got red -RRB- but that aint a problem . they come in two bags of 5000 BBs . They are really nice and polished . The only thing that is kind of bad is that there are little chunks of plastic inside the bag . some are little cylinders and some are just chinks . U really got to pick em out coz the might really jam your gun -LRB- especially if you have a wind up mag and thayll get stuck -RRB- I use em in my cyma 028 ak and they work just fine.Overall great bu I just hate the chunks !
 I bought this lot of BBs as a stocking stuffer for my nephews to accompany their new automatic airsoft guns . It 's a good thing these are cheap because they can now shoot off 30 rounds about every two seconds . You can tell the BBs are made cheaply , but they load and shoot just fine . Great for target practice or a backyard battle .
 This ammo is very accurate and a very good price . Only biodegradable ammo is getting 5 stars from me though .
 opend up the box to find a ton of bb 's -LRB- lol -RRB- nice and bright in color will really help at night , nice quality , bought otherS that were cheaply made , really happy with my order , HotImportToys even sent a fallow up email after packaged arrived , really APPRECIATE that , recommend !
 I purchased these as a Christmas gift . I 'm sure they will love them and they will work just fine . They came and 10 individually packed bags of a Thousand count .
 Came 2 days after ordering in a foot long box , they came in ten bags of 1000 bbs each , eight bags were orange and two were black . The bbs are good for rinky dink guns that u get for 20 $ but not for pro guns , other than that great product
 ten thousand bbs for such a good deal ! i think its cheaper than any where else . the bbs are good . absolutely nothing wrong with this product .
 this item has done nothing to deserve a 3 star , but they suck for powerful guns -LRB- electric , or shotguns -RRB- but with pistols they work like a charm
 The bb pellets were perfect for what I use them for . Crafting . Instead of using beans which will deteriorate , these pellets suited the project perfectly .
 I am very pleased with this product . They came just as they said they would and they even came early !!!!!! I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 These BBs are in good condition . The ones I got were red and clear . I got 2x 10,000 and were separated into smaller bags than shown . However this made it easier to reload the magazine . Excellent shipping speed
 thes are a great deal they werent yellow they were blue but they were polished and they shoot well all the people who sent bad reviews r just getting bad batches for the price it was amazing and very nice definetly five star worthy i filled up two huge bottles and still had like a full bag and 1000 left in other i even found a shiny green airsoft bb in bag totally awesome must have for airsoft vets and newbies
 got these for my son as i got him an automatic soft airgun for christmas . due to the weather we made a little shooting range in the -LRB- unfinished -RRB- basement for shooting cans and glass ... only telling this because this thing `` had '' to be 20 words , all i wanted to say was these are great for the price . i 've spent more for far less in quality and quantity .
 the bbs are some of the best i have owned sents the day I got my airsoft gun in the mail
 EA Sports NHL 08 is far better than the past two seasons efforts . One of the first things you will notice is that it does present itself a lot like 06 and 07 in terms of graphics and audio . However , the players move much more realistic and true to how certain players act and play the game . Goalies are MUCH improved as is the overall gameplay . Playing on the difficuly level is actually challenging and fun . Those wanting a more hockey sim from EA Sports will be rather pleased with this game -LRB- I have played 10 minute periods on difficult and average scores like 4-1 , 3-2 ; with under 40 shots on goal for and under 20 against . Amazing saves and body checks that are totally realistic -- not a hitting frenzy as in the past -RRB- . There are a few problems which should n't really hurt the game overall . Rosters on the NHL teams are a little old -LRB- i.e.Ranger fans will still see Cullen and Ortmeyer on the team -RRB- . However , major signings and deals over the summer are in this game . Missing a rookie or two from your lineup ? That may not be a problem . NHL 08 packs a full AHL league and rosters as you can call up anyone -LRB- and I mean anyone -RRB- and place them on your active roster -LRB- if your rookie played at least one game in the AHL last season , then you will find him on the AHL team -RRB- . The only other issue with this years hockey release is that the game tends to lag and bog down when there is too much action in front of the net at one time -- it 's a noticable , but a minor flaw.The rest of the game will feel familiar as most of the new programming went to the next generation systems . Menu options have been simplified greatly and the music is more enjoyable to listen to.Overall , you will notice that even though the look and sounds of this game have n't changed much , just wait until the opening face-off and you will see a new game with the EA Sports NHL 08 . From the way players act , skate and control , and the vastly improved goalies -LRB- 90 % save percentage actually will happen in this years game -RRB- all make this game a much improved product over NHL 06 and 07 .
 This game is very good . This game has newer rosters and new controls , which can make playing easier or harder depending on your skill.Pros ... gammeplay and graphics are very good . good multiplayer game . Great dynsasty mode.Cons ... sometimes when you are in the middle of a game it will slow down or skip . The people who announce are horrible , they announce things ten seconds afer it happens , and when they are in the middle of saying things and someone gets a penalty , they forget what they were going to say . This last one is n't really a con , but whats bad for me is that Eric Stall is on the cover . I live in Colorado , COME BACK JOE !!
 I must confess , the last NHL game I picked up before this one was 2004 , so there may be some features I bring up that were also in previous years which I am unaware of . For the most part , NHL 2008 is fun and addictive , and there are no other NHL games that compare . I was only going to write a three star review , but most of the gameplay issues go away in multiplayer mode.I find this game to be very similar to past years , with some different things here and there , but I was able to pick up the controller and start playing it with no problems . Some reviewers complained of slow-down 's in front of the net , and while this does occur it is quite rare . There are also some slow-down 's when you dump the puck down ice , but this has only happened a couple times to me . Something new to me is the ability to initiate a fight yourself at just about anytime you would like . I have also seen fights change the momentum of games . While I knew 2008 would n't be much different than past years , I knew I wanted to play with guys like Crosby and Ovechkin , which is a major reason for purchasing this game.There are a handful of issues I have with the gameplay and hopefully they will be changed in future years or improve on PS3 . First and foremost , is the issue with the shooting . Shooting and scoring are extremely difficult . I use manual shooting , which the game defaults to . Involved in the shooting is a bullseye that moves around the net before you release the button to aim your shot . The only problem is that even when aiming in this way , the puck misses the net at least 50 % of the time . This occurs from all distances and angles , and even in situations where it really should not , such as Sidney Crosby in the crease taking a wrist shot that misses the net . It is even difficult to score on an open net . Furthermore , shots that do n't miss the net are almost always stopped by the goalie - this inculdes one-timers from all angles and distances , wrap-around-the-net shots , slap shots from the points , and close distance wrist shots . There does n't appear to be any method to scoring other than to get as many shots as possible . On the other hand , when the cpu is playing against you , no matter who your goalie is , almost 1 in every 5 shots goes in . I end up winning around 2 out of every 3 games , with realistic final scores , but unrealistic shot numbers . For example , I might win 4-3 , but I 'll have 60 shots on goal and the cpu will have only 15 . Most games end this way , and I 'm constantly reminded of it , because the opposing goalies , even in losses , usually end up being one of the three stars of the game for having a ridiculous number of saves . This also hurts the overall gameplay due to the fact that you can no longer play a defensive game of puck control , because you 're constantly trying to score . I feel this makes the gaming very unrealistic , despite the close final scores . Also , keeping in mind the shot-to-score ratio I mentioned earlier , do whatever you can do to not end up in a shootout , because you will lose it 9 out of 10 times.Apart from the shooting issues , I also notice there is no longer a pass where you can lift it off the ice . In previous years , you could make a normal pass , but also press another button for a lifted wrist-shot-type pass so that you could make passes through traffic . This pass is no longer in the game , forcing the player to deke more.One last issue is that the cpu has a regular tendency to always score goals within the last minute of the 3rd period , no matter what the score is . I honestly believe there is some type of computer assistance that is turned on in the last minute of the game , so you must try extra hard to protect the net at the end of the game.I know it sounds like I 've mentioned more negatives than positives with this game , but it is actually a lot of fun to play . Just do n't expect to play the cpu and have the games be anything close to realistic .
 They finnaly did something I have wanted for years , and that was to add in the AHL teams . EA Sports however did n't however do it right . Unlike their baseball games you CA N'T call up player from your minor league system . If you want certain players to be part of your dynasty you have to edit the rosters before you start your season.The graphics are a step above from years past . The rosters are close to up to date . I 've only found a few players who were on that were wrong team.Overall , this game is worth the thirty bucks and hopefully they fix the Dynasty mode to include AHL teams next year .
 It got me back into hockey aft the strike . I enjoy most of electronic arts games ... especially when it comes to sports .
 I love this game I have tried many diferent NHL games in the past but this is awsome . It has a very indebth dynasty with trading signing upgrades and just about evaey thing else.The Goodexcellent graphics and soundeasy to learnwhen ever a player scores a board comes up with the scorers season stats and the assistsmore realistic trading with the salary capThe badYou ca n't adjust ticket pricescan be a little to easyDraft still stinks but is better than any othersAll in all 9/10
 I had recently purchased a 989 hockey game and was dissapointed while it was good it was not quite what I was looking for . I ordered this one and upon its arrival began playing . I found it excellent , it has all the usuall options for creation and teams , but you can also play as all the AHL minor leauge teams , which I almost enjoy more than playing as the NHL teams . For the controling you have the new hybrid controls that involve using the right stick for deaking and shooting . If you dont like this though they have an option for classic controls which I was suprised by and very glad about , and if you want to just change a few things in the controls there is a custom option . The graphics could be a little better they look alot like older versions but there isnt the same boxy quality to the game play.Overall a great game .
 I am not a huge hockey fan but while browsing through the video games at a local store , I decided to pick up 2k8 . The glitches made the game impossible to play . The commentators were constantly repeating what they had just said , after there was a frozen puck , man , it took forever for the game to come back to a face off screen . The gameplay was way to complex , with three pages explaining basic controls . I could have gotten used to the gameplay but the glitches were the reason I took it back to the store and got NHL 08 . I could not believe the difference , the controls are so much simpiler , the cut away scenes are better , the game has minor league teams , and it does n't have glitches -- it runs very smoothly . Now , I am actually starting to learn a bit about hockey and how fun it can really be .
 It 's a good game for those who love hockey and hockey video games . They could have improved in alot of areas but overall it 's a good game to play .
 Fun For the whole Family !!!! It keeps us all busy when we have to be inside couped up !!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this item for my son for Christmas . It shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition . He was very happy with the cards he received in the set and I was very happy with the price . Amazon had the best price on this that I could find , and I did quite a bit of searching . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I waited to review this DVD until after I 'd done all three of these workouts at least once . Now , I am happy to report that all three are fantastic ; Cathe regulars will recognize her usual level of intensity , complexity , and fun ; newcomers -- especially those looking to push through to the next level -- will find these workouts challenging , but will also feel a huge sense of accomplishment upon completion . Rythmic Step is a fast paced , intricately choreographed workout ; may take a few times to fully get it , but once you do , time flies ; Interval Max is the first of three `` I-Max '' workouts , it 's good to start here , as Cathe includes modifications and longer recovery periods between hi-intensity blasts that do not appear in I-Max 2 or 3 ; and Maximum Intensity Cardio simply kicks your butt
 I am surprised no one has rated this item ! This is one of the best dvds ! Cathe gives you 3 great workouts on one dvd ! And I must say the MIC and Interval Max are tough but sooo worth it ! Rythmic Step has some complex choreography but nothing too tough to learn IMO . Cathe is one of the best instructors out there and her workouts are always 5 stars in my book ! -LRB- well except for kick max -RRB- All of her interval max workouts are so great -
 There are some great reviews here , so I am going to keep this short.I 'm a runner , and I love endurance training.I found MIC more challenging than running , and I burned more calories with it in the same amount of time . The explosive movements really challenge you.Rhythmic step is also good , but a little too fancy on the foot work.However , I modify some of the movements . Instead of walking around the box and doing endless cha 's cha 's , I do jumping jacks , plyos , and other explosive movements.Interval max is also a great work out.I love cathe 's older step videos that consist of simpler movements with high intensity.I can really focus on pushing off the step harder than usual .
 I have been doing step for many years and even though it 's on a DVD it is the best step class I 've ever taken . I love the challenging dance and aerobic moves , it is a workout just learning the choreography and after you learn the choreography it 's a fun and sweat filled workout .
 I love Cathe 's DVDs , but I particularly love Rhythmic Step . This DVD is worth it for that workout alone . I 'm not great at super-complicated or dancey step aerobics , but I find Rhythmic Step to be perfect
 Cathe has put together a great collection of step workouts . The rhythm step routine is challenging yet fun and the interval Max is great for strenth and cardio training . It took me a while to learn all the moves , but the fact that there are a lot a different steps keeps it from becoming boring . If you like step aerobics I recommend you get this one .
 The original IMAX ! A good solid one . A little easier , as another reviewer wrote , than IMAX 2 or 3 . Still definitely very intense and will kick your butt.I finally got around to doing Rhymthic Step . What fun ! Not as difficult but full of fun choreography -LRB- just like her newer `` Step Moves '' dvd -RRB- . The last one -LRB- Maximum Intensity Cardio -RRB- , I started and turned it off in about two minutes . To me , that kind of `` little short jerky bouncing movements in place with no step '' reminds me of when I was 9 and did Jane Fonda videotapes with my mom in the 80s ... :-RRB- It 's hard to work out very hard -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- when you 're not moving up and down . All that bouncing puts strain on the Achilles and hip flexors . Maybe I 'll try it again later . I did only run it for two minutes .
 I am a FitTv exerciser and a Cathelete . This is better than FitTv ... no commercials !!!
 This is a great advanced step aerobic workout and it is worth the money . Cathe works your butt off as usual . There are three workouts and they are all advanced stepping . High energy , fun , great music . I love this DVD . This DVD is definitely for the advanced stepper .
 This seat-post is a dead ringer for the original on my '68 Run-a-Bout . Bright chrome . Hard to find item . Super price .
 The broad reach attachments sits on the Pull-Up bar handles and works fine . The whole setup is so easy as long as you have standard door frames .
 Easy to assemble and easy to move . Now if the pull-ups were just as easy ...
 I got this accessory with my Door Gym and I like it . But , when they say this is an `` efficient '' accessory - they mean it . It simply rests on the narrower neutral grip posts of the Door Gym . The Door Gym has multiple grip areas , but two of them are perpendicular to the rest of the bar for narrow neutral grip chin ups . The Broad reach bar is wide with downward grips -LRB- like lat pull down bar in a gym -RRB- . Anyway , this works fine if you have the faith to try it the first time and prove to yourself it wo n't roll off because your body weight has it pinned on the posts . It has foam covering that adheres to the foam on the Door Gym posts . It will not roll easily , but it does a little . I think it is safe for adults who understand how to use it . Do not give it to kids younger than about 15 -LRB- in my estimation -RRB- because some of them are too likely to play with , or misuse , it and get hurt.Even though this thing works and does what you want a broad bar to let you do , I deducted a point in the rating because I do n't think they were up front in explaining exactly what it is and is not .
 I purchased the door gym based on the reviews . It is a FABULOUS device and works as advertised . Stable , with multiple workout options from neutral grip , chin-up and pull-up positions , after two weeks of use , I can see the difference and feel it . The broad reach bar just came , and after testing it , I agree that it should n't be used by kids , UNLESS they 've been shown how to use it ; the broad reach bar could slip off if a child , has to jump up to reach it.UPDATE
 This is a great addon to the door gym , enables you to do even more upperbody workouts . It rests ontop of the Neutral pull-up bars on the door gym , I think it 's perfectly safe , no idea how 'd it 'd slip off seeing as it grips very well to the neutral bar . Suggest this to anyone that has a door gym obviously and would like more upper body workouts .
 I bought the door gym and broad reach attachment for my husband about 5 months ago . It is one of the best pieces of fitness equipment he has ever had . The broad reach attachment allows him to do pull-ups with a wide position to his arms , a grip that he would n't be able to use otherwise . It allows him to work a different set of muscles than the standard chin-up grip . The door gym is very simple to install , and the broad reach attachment just sits on the door gym without slipping . Definitely a great product .
 This thing is great . I love it . I don ' y know what that guyis talking about not letting kids use it.My 10 year old son uses it every day . Great for upper body greatness . Very good . Just tighten brackets then it works great .
 This is a great attachment for the Creative Fitness Door Gym . At first I thought it was not going to stay on because of how there was n't a secure attachment ... but trust me , it stays on with the foam on foam . It 's great on working the laterals , mid back and some biceps.DO NOT do chinups with the broad reach attacment because it has a tendency of rolling back.Unfortunetly there is a flaw . The foam that was created to hold on to the Door Gym wears down into holes because of all the pull up pressure . This will also leave holes on the upper side of the parallel handles of the Door Gym . It 's no biggy though ... just apply some duck tape and it should last .
 This bar sits on top of the Creative Fitness Door Gym which hangs on your door so you can do pull ups etc. . At first it made me nervous because it does not physically attach to the Door Gym in any way ; it only sits on top . Nevertheless , I found it more than adequate to get the job done . In addition , it 's total width is no wider than the Door Gym itself which means that if you are using the Door Gym in a very narrow space you will still have room for this attachment . Since I do n't regularly attend a gym right now this attachment has given me the kind of flexibility I needed to have a robust home workout .
 these shoes are very convenient to slip off and on , and a great way to show your team spirit !
 Bought this shirt for my sister who is an EIU grad . The quality of the shirt and the printing was excellent and delivery was quick . I 'd buy from this manufacturer again with no reservations .
 I bought these pants to wear running in the winter and ended up wearing them when i went skiing a lot . I wore them under my ski pants and they kept me warm.They keep you at a good temperature , not too cold , not too warm.However , DO NOT PUT THESE IN THE DRYER . I accidently put these in the dryer with all of my other clothes and now parts of the material are melted together . I ca n't wear them anymore because they are melted . I am planning on buying a new ones .
 Hahaha . Really , they 're so versatile . They 're breathable and cool in the gym and oh so warm at night in the winter . I wear them as leggings under my skirt when i go out at night in New York City . NO one notices they 're sport pants . They 're awesome !!
 I just received these yesterday . When I pulled them out of the package , I was concerned because they are so light weight . I ordered them for `` winter time '' running . Tried them on & instantly felt the warmth from my skin . They are super comfortable . I actually said out loud , `` I do n't feel like I have anything on . '' I am ready to take them out for their first run . Would definately recommend & want to order another color -LRB- bought black -RRB- . KC
 I love these pants ! They feel thin at first ; when you pick them up , or put them on , it 's hard to believe that they could offer any warmth at all . Do n't let the lightweight fabric fool you , though . My legs are perfectly insulated for pretty much any temperature above freezing , but they 're also thin enough that if the temperature rises a little , there 's no overheating at all . Like one reviewer mentioned , you almost ca n't tell you 're wearing anything.I can only attest to their warmth above freezing because I have n't yet been running in sub-freezing temperatures , but I have no doubt that they 'd be fine in lower ranges as well .
 I ordered these to wear on my runs in NYC , it 's freezing and my legs kept getting cold . These are the perfect extra layer , so far I have only worn them as a base layer because it 's been 28 with winds , but I 'm sure once the temps go up to 35-40 , I 'll be perfectly comfortable wearing these on their own . I 'm ordering a few more pairs to wear under jeans as well and my husband asked me to get him the men ' s version as a base layer under clothes . Great product!ETA
 This items fits very well and it warm . I wore it on a recent trip to the Arctic , and I could not complain , but the sizes do tend to run small -LRB- a Helly Hansen thing I think -RRB- , so keep that in mind when purchasing .
 These long underwear are form fitting , warm and lightweight . Fits well under all garments , even dress pants . I recommend them .
 Great insulation , they keep me warm but they are so thin I can wear them under even the tightest pants ! I own two pairs and would definitely recommend them , I 'd even love a third in the future . I 've had one pair for at least a year and they are still in great condition , as long as you take care of them they can last you years of comfort in the cold , without adding too much bulk !
 This is the bag my wife uses when heading to the driving range -LRB- I use the original Genius Bag myself -RRB- . Lightweight and easy to carry ! Easily fits 3 or 4 clubs at a time .
 This is a very small blade , when I purchase a 3 '' knife I expect the blade to be 3 '' and for them to tell me what the overall length is , this is 3 '' overall -LRB- Actually it end up being 2.9 '' -RRB- with a 1.5 inch blade , very small , i have found some uses for it but it did NOT fill the role i bought it for .
 My son is an avid Texas A&M fan he is 12 and loves the comforter . We had it in twin and it withstood 4 years . Worth every penny
 Roll Tide !!!! My son 's room is all decked out in Crimson ! Love it . This was the perfect addition to the room . Product is very well made , and price is reasonable . Perfect combo . I 'd recommend to anyone interested .
 My son is a huge U of L fan and this was a great comforter . Has held up well with a 6 year old and a dog , very warm and comfortable . The center decal has also held up , though we have not washed it yet .
 I bought my first one maybe 6 years ago , back when they had lifetime guarantees . I 've never tried to return them after they break because they were cheap enough that their cost did n't justify the time expense necessary to go through with the process . I 've used mine for the gym and work . I 've since gone through 3 more -LRB- including one of the 500ml ones -RRB- and noticed that they do n't have lifetime guarantees anymore ! I would say they last about 1-2 years . Not bad for seven bucks . Even in the heat , the water is as tasteless as a Nalgene bottle -LRB- which would be the less convenient more durable competitor -RRB- . However , the light weight and malleability let it fold into your bag MUCH easier , which is why I keep coming back . When it breaks , it will be by the spout - it will just leak one day where the hard plastic meets the bag ... hopefully not on anything important -LRB- do n't get too comfortable sticking it in your laptop bag -RRB- .
 As an international flight attendant I take this on all my flights.I have had one of these for about 10 or plus years . I have used it heavily . It is worn out now , and I am ready for another one.Travel tip : If you are cold at the hotel you can fill it with hot water for your bed . Just wrap a towel around it if it is too hot.This thing is sweet .
 There are only two cons that I have found . 1 -RRB- It is pretty much impossible to clean in any fashion other than putting soap & water in it and shaking it . 2 -RRB- The bottom plastic kind of crimps up weird when trying to collapse it down if you 're not paying attention , and I think that eventually it 'll break , but it 's held up so far . I 've been using it for about a month now.It 's definitely a conversation piece ; I 've gotten several compliments/questions at my gym -LRB- most common comment is that it looks like an IV bag -RRB- . It 's very useful and I like how small it is . Water is n't dis-flavored because of it -LRB- like Nalgene bottles -RRB- . It 's relatively easy to use once you get used to it . If you wanted to use if for anything other than the gym , I 'd highly recommend one of the bigger ones , as .5 L is not a lot.Overall , it 's useful , it 's cheap , it works , it 's unique , and that 's about it . What more could you ask ?
 I read about these water bottles in an article that recommended them because they do not leech plasticizers into the water if reused or if you store water in them . I have since fallen in love with this water bottle . the 0.5 L size is perfect - I have a 1.0 L bottle and it is too large and cumbersome for me . Easily refillable , and I have never had to wash the `` bottle '' portion because the water starts to taste bad -LRB- as in a Nalgene bottle -RRB- . My only complaint would be that I have squirted myself in the face a couple of times - when I first was learning to use it . And the top is a little bit hard to close because you do n't have the rigidity in the bottle as you would with a solid bottle . But overall , I love it . I 've actually come back to buy a couple more - so cheap and they are really durable . A great bargain .
 Very happy with the product . I keep it in my purse and fill it up in the airport after passing security check . Takes very little space when empty , and generally a convenient bottle .
 I ordered theses collapsible water bottles for a trip to Disneyworld . They did a great job meeting my need for a light weight container to carry in my bag . I would fill them at water fountains , add one of those powder packets and instantly I had a refreshing drink to keep me going . The only challenge was getting the bottle to stay open enough to begin filling . Once enough water is in though , the bottles fill nicely and are easy to hold .
 I used this in travelling for two months and loved it every day . It 's easy to fill , easy to drink out of , compact , stands up on its own and does n't sweat excessively . The push pull cap goes on and off and up and down easily , though is a bit soft and has some indentations in it from being in my bag with harder items . The water can sit in the platypus overnight and still be fine -LRB- i never left it in for longer without consuming and replacing the contents -RRB- . If you put drink mix packages in , some granules and coloring agents will get into the creases at the bottom and around the joint connecting the bladder to the hard plastic opening where the cap screws on . Excessive washing with boiling water and dish soap wo n't get them out , so that 's a little gross to me , but it does n't affect the taste of later beverages in there . Nothing will dye the platy either , like coffee and powder drinks.Even after being jostled around a backpack while full , through 3 countries for the past 2 months since its purchase the Platy has been faithful and incredibly handy .
 The Platypus sport bottle is great for skiing . Because of its flat profile it fits into a jacket pocket easily and does n't create a big bulge . The other advantage is that as you drink out of it , it keeps getting flatter . Highly recommended for any sports activity .
 As I was shopping at Costco the other day , I could n't help but notice the people with the cases of bottled water on their hand trucks ... and I started thinking ... `` would n't it be great if someone invented a roll-up bottle you could refill , instead of helping proliferate the number of empty plastic bottles that , face it , exist for your convenience . '' I thought the only problem would lie in making the area where the cap screwed on strong enough to last more than a few fillings . Well , a quick google proved that Platypus Sport Bottles indeed existed in a couple of different sizes . I got the .5 liter and the 1 liter sizes to try out in my daughter 's lunch box and for her snack in school . The .5 liter fits into her lunch box , and after she is done , she either rolls it up in her pocket , or just throws it back into her lunch box . The 1 liter that she uses for snack time , I put in a large plastic ziplock bag that I reuse over and over so it does n't spill in her backpack -LRB- in case she leaves the top open -RRB- . The bottles come with caps to go over the spouts to keep them from spilling , only they got lost almost immediately . So far , so good ... we have had them for a little over a month and they are holding up nicely . If you want to help stop the insane over-production of plastic bottles , that , I 'm sure , are causing quite a glut in recycling , and wind up being thrown everywhere ; I would highly recommend these bottles . As soon as they figure out a way to make a version easy to hold while running , I 'll switch away from my plastic bottle there too . We use a Brita water filter to do refills in all of these instances , and I find no difference in taste from the bottled water .
 Hate for little children to have to drink out of containers that add not-good substances to the water . Platypus containers impart no taste , and the water keeps for days without getting nasty . Good stuff . Definitely need the push-pull top instead of the screw-top . Kind of big for the pocket , but holds a lot .
 Took them on a difficult trekking trip through nepal , and they were perfect !!! Highly recommended for backpacking trips , especially when space might be an issue .
 I prefer metal bottles with mouths wide enough to scrub , because this little one is a pain to clean , but it is bpa-free and very convenient so I still recommend it . This is a good alternative when portability is an issue , can even fold it up and stick it in your pocket when you go to stadiums and then fill up inside -LRB- from those that have n't removed their water fountains to rip you off even further -RRB- .
 I love this water bottle , only use water in it to keep it easier to clean , and yes , people may think you work at a medical supply store ... but if you like to shove everything in your purse at the end of the day this is the most portable convenient item in there .
 THE SMALL PLATYPUS WATER BOTTLE IS JUST THE RIGHT SIZE TO CARRY TO VARIOUS EVENTS . IT FITS EASILY INTO A PURSE OR SMALL SHOULDER BAG .
 We bought a couple for ourselves and decided to get more as Christmas presents . Highly recommend them to everyone . Easy to use , easy to carry and easy to clean up .
 Good product . Light and Easy to carry when empty and holds a lot of water when full .
 This item is easy to take with you on a vacation . There is one drawback . It is difficult to carry . I would like a case with it that keeps it insulated and has a strap . There may be one but I am not familiar with it .
 Its really convenient and I even got compliments about how nice it was . They are made of very light material but I have n't had any problems with leaking .
 An amazing product , it was exactly what I needed for traveling . Collapses to nothing , you can fill it up anywhere . Also great for airport security and the no liquid ban .
 I love these bottles . I ordered one for my wife so she could carry it in her purse and fill it when needed . She liked it so much , I ended up ordering two more since they are so convenient . It is easy to fill up at a drinking fountain or a faucet since it is a soft bottle . It is also compatible with the Platypus tube and valve I have for my large hydration pack . Highly recommended .
 Great shoe for my kids indoor winter soccer activity , nice soft uppers , good grippy bottom sole , would buy this brand again , order filled by Foggdog , shipping and customer service was great .
 This is an easy to use unit that travels well and gives all the info a weekend warrior would need with out a bunch of drama . I love the calorie burned function and the fact I can change the batteries with sending the unit away somewhere !
 The Nike Triax Heart Rate Monitor , is a good watch , with a lot of functions , and easy to manipulate and understand .
 Great watch that covers the basics . The strap is comfortable and works well as long as you remember to wet it . In fact I trust is more than the heart rate monitors on my machines!No problems ! I love it !!
 Not a bad worm . I prefer Trigger X worms but these are a good substitute . Realized i 'm not a fan of the little swirly tails on the end .
 The worms are great and arrived fast and will be an awesome present for my 9 year old grandson who is a fishing guru . thanks I have bookmarked your web sight to order in the future .
 I love this junebug colored worm . The Bass love it even more . I always catch fish with it . I can present it shaky head style or Carolina rigged in most any Piedmont NC lake and catch Largemouth . I usually catch a few or more fish before the bait really starts to wear out . I have even caught some nice channel cats on it . The color is perfect and it had a really nice action to it . If you live anywhere in the southeast you should definitely give these a try . If you are new to plastic worms this may a great color to start with . Then watch a couple Youtube videos on different methods and go catch some fish ! Thanks for reading .
 this is the perfect length and one very good color for low light conditions , either dawn or dusk . the largemouths zero on this along with some of the other colors berkley makes
 I have usesd this power worm from a little youngster and works great then and I just have to say proven !!!
 This is one of the best workouts I own . Power Hour is a high rep muscle endurance workout that is chaptered into body parts
 I have several of Cathe 's DVDs . This DVD is an excellent choice for you heavy weight days . There are 3 different workouts . Two mostly strength training and one that is step aerobics . The step aerobics will keep you going strong without any time wasted . The two strentgh sections will tone and shape your whole body . My muscles were sore the next day ! This is not a dvd for beginners . Those of you who are looking for an advance DVD this is the one for you !
 I really love this DVD . It is hard work , and is a perfect substitute for the Pump classes I used to attend at the gym , which unfortunately has now shut down . The only downside is the lack of good music .
 This is one of my favorites ! Just like MuscleMax , this is a nicely structured workout for men and women .
 I bought this DVD after using it on my DVR for several years . It is just like the professionally taught gym club class called `` Group Power '' which I paid $ 58/month for with club membership for 2 years . I 've been using the DVR/DVD at home to save $ $ $ on club membership . All I had to do was buy the bar and weights set at Sears . I think it was about $ 130 . It targets all muscle groups for about 5 minutes each and you can challenge yourself with heavier weights or by pausing the DVD and adding more reps. You can also personalize your workout by breaking the muscle groups up in half or thirds or whatever depending on how much time you have . Start out with light weights and work your way up until exhaustion occurs towards the end of reps for maximum benefit . Really great , challenging , flexible workout . Cathe is a super fitness instructor and not annoying like alot of other fitness gurus . Love it , love it , love it .
 This is an awesome DVD -- I love the Power Hour workout . It 's challenging , but feels great to finish , and Cathe has just the right mix of encouragement and drill sergeant in her manner .
 The picture of the lamp is not correct . It is actually nicer than pictured . There is a form of the logo on every side and the colors are beautiful . My sister is a fan of this team and I know she will love this lamp and it will be a great addition to her &#34; sports &#34; room .
 this lamp looks great . worth the buy fits nicely on your night stand and not very bright . great as night light when you do n't want your room to be bright
 THIS IS AMAZING . The colors are so bright and it looks way better than the picture . I would recommend this to any Giants fan .
 I bought these to use as an emergency containers for large quantities of grape juice I squeezed last weekend . They work well - just watch out for the zip lock top as it opens easily . Hold it shut when pouring !
 The mask works great . It fit comfortably and I ca n't say I 've experienced any problems so far . Highly recomended .
 This product is excellent ! It exceeded my expectations all around . We 've fired 300-400 fps airsoft weapons at the mask point blank range and it brushed the bb 's off . Would recommend to everyone .
 it is nothing like other mask and it protects you very well . i think it is a really good mask . I LOVE IT
 Nice mask here for the price . Perfect price in fact . Nice mask . I held my 325 FPS spring pistol up to the mesh , and shot my whole clip -LRB- 13 BB 's -RRB- . All it did was leave little dents . And TINY parts of the paint on the mesh of the inside came off . But no biggy . It wont make you blind because the paint was TINY . Then I went to test the PVC plastic face protection on the mask . Once again ON the mask , I shot 13 BB 's of a 325 FPS gun on it . All it did was leave one scratch out of that whole clip . Now if your low budgeted , i will reccomend these . They 're decent , and pretty sturdy . And worthy for airsofting . But at high precautions of eye protection , I would say wearing safety goggles under the mask . I tried it , and it still fits comfortably . Decent , cheap , and neat mask here people . Still , there are better masks for a little more expensive.PS
 This Is the mast your looking for for the fight Youve been waiting For this will blcok of ANY bbs My friend shot me with a 550 FPS and No Scratch i Highley Recomend this to All Airsoft users .
 Hey airsoftersThis is the cheapest mask you can buy , but that does n't mean that its a bad mask . This is the cheapest mask I have ever purchased , yet it is the best I have ever owned.Whenever I played with my other masks and goggles -LRB- that were said to be fog proof -RRB- they would fog up within one minute . This mask will never fog up on you , and it will let you see perfectly.Other reviews say that the mask falls apart . I when I received the mask it was rather sturdy . Another upside to this gun is the fact that I received it two days early from when amazon said I would .
 okay so when i got this i tested to make sure if i got shoot in the face it wouldnt go through and i go blind . so i have m4 with 400fps and i shoot it 10ft away . the mesh didnt break through it did make a dent . the plastic the break though but i just care about the eye s so i would say this was a good buy also the nose part is alittle small so if you had a really big nose this would work for you
 I have always had the problem of my googles / masks fogging up . I tried defog spray , i tried drilling holes in the face guard , I tried drilling small holes in the goggle itself . I even spent $ 50 on a mask with a fan ventilation system , but no that did n't work either . Then one day as I 'm sadly buying a new battery , to put into a new gun , which I know I will just end up firing blindly at a blur resembling a person I see this $ 8.50 mask and I say what the heck I 'm already depressed why not try again . 5 days later I sigh as I pull this mask out of the box and put it on my head . I breath slowly waiting for some flaw in the design to show . Then I breathe faster and faster until I 'm hyper ventilating and ... . NO FOG ! This is the smartest idea ever and it 's only 8 bucks ! The only two problems with the mask is 1 . the head strap is pathetic , but can easily be replaced for about $ 1 . 2 . for your eyes to be in the center of the view and you nose to be where it should be you would have to have the tallest face in the world . This can be solved however by taking a lighter and warming up the plastic a little bit and bending the nose piece . Despite the nose issue this is an amazing mask that I know use all the time.A Review By Peeled ~ Carrots `` A 13 year old on a misson , a mission to peel carrots . ''
 it works perfect ! it doesnt fog like it said and it is still easy to see . the one thing that i dont like about it is the small mesh holes can be blocked by water if it is raining but thats not a big deal . i would recommend this to anyone .
 okay , this mask is amazing.very good protection -LRB- saved me from getting hurt after my friend shot me in the face at close range.buy this !!!!!!
 We were originally going to buy these masks for BB gunning . It is a decent strength , but it is a little uncomfrotable on your nose . It has a metal mesh over your eyes , so if you get hit there , you will probably get paint in your eyes . If you play airsoft , -LSB- like us -RSB- I do n't recomend buying these goggles , I would suggest a face-mask designed for airsoft , or buy a more expensive mask . But if you paintball , it is only a direct front mask , and your chin and your ears are exposed , and it sticks out a bit , so you 'd better enjoy the taste of paint . By the way , we shot the mesh screen from about 50 feet away , and it left the smallest mark from a UHC Super 9 Pro sniper rifle . So it is a good strength for facial shots .
 i got 2 of these and neither of them were falling apart or really had any problems , they are not the most comfortable but i like them you do n't have to worry about fogging up like goggle face masks and you have total vision while its raining which you do n't get with glasses . overall i suggest them for more experienced who prefer visibility over more protection . AND DO NOT USE THIS TO PAINTBALL !!! THAT IS STUPID !!! only use it for airsoft
 I shot this mask with an ECHO-1 614 on fully Auto at 5 feet and it survived!You can see the tiny indentions where the BB 's hit the metal , and in some spots it chipped the paint off the mesh but that 's it.Not super comfortable but its wearable.It is also very awkward to aim with this mask on . Its face part gets in the way!At least you 're not getting fog!All in all , this product is much better than I thought it would be .4 Stars
 I wanted a starter tackle box for a 6-year old just getting in to fishing . This one is perfect
 My 6 yr . old grandson is delighted with the tacklebox and his parents think it 's a great tackle starter for their younger son .
 Got it for a budding fisher woman ... good deal and very cute Got it for a budding fisher woman ... good deal and very cute
 its a good start for a tackle box . made well but tackle is cheap but I did n't expect much more
 Just exactly what I was looking for to get two aspiring fishergirls started . Can hardly wait to use itand see if it functions wellshipping and packing great
 My son -LRB- age 7 -RRB- is a Cub Scout and allthought I do n't fish I know hewill need one and this came with some hookes / what not . It looks likes its gon na work out well .
 Very nice tackle box for a beginner or young child . Even includes a few fishing supplies , I think my grandson will love it .
 This is an incredible value ! I am not planning on using this knife , so I ca n't comment on heat treat or edge holding , toughness , etc. . But for the collector , at this price , it 's a no brainer to add to your collection . I think it would make a decent using knife too.Handle fit on this knife is very good , and the only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because in some parts the finish is a little rough , like where it has the brass spacers . Since I am not intending to use the knife I do n't care , but if you are , then a dremel tool should get rid of the very minor rough edges quickly . I could see this bothering me if I was skinning some game for a long period . The stag and burlwood on the handle are beautiful and the shape and thickness fills my medium sized hand perfectly , and this knife feels very solid and hefty in the hand ! The balance is slightly handle heavy , with the balance point right at the point of the finger groove . However , for me - this knife feels like an extension of my hand , and I feel the balance is perfect . YMMV.The blade has very good tooling and finish , it also looks like the final polish and finish was done with care . The blade has a think spine -LRB- 3/16 -RRB- and it is full tang . The blade steel is a 440 stainless , and it 's probably 440A at this price . It has a VERY nice hollow grind so I can see it slicing and skinning very well . I would say the edge geometry is about 17 degrees . It was n't hair popping sharp right out of the box , but a few strops on some cardboard fixed that right up . This is a 440 blade so it may not hold an edge like my S30V Buck Vanguard , or a Chris Reeve Sebenza , and it would be nice to hear from some users of this knife what performance they are getting out of this steel . Once again all that depends on heat treat , the grade of 440 , and other factors . Keep in mind this knife is made in China , but so are Buck knives now a-days ... The sheath is a decent thick leather , and very well made with good stitching throughout and a nice embossed Wrangler logo on the front . It is a pouch style with snap , and it is a very snug fit on the knife . It 's not gon na fall out easily . I really like the pouch style for this sized fixed blade , so that is a plus for me too.To sum it up , for this price you are getting the kind of value you just do n't find much anymore . You will NOT be sorry if you buy this knife . You will be very pleased and , I think , delightfully surprised !
 this is the perfect no hassle watch . i wanted a watch that i could exercise in everyday and the band would n't get yuck and can soak in the bath or take a shower without taking off . also , it 's face is not so huge that it looks too big on my chicken bone arm . i wish the night dial were a bit brighter to read , but oh well .
 The product was priced fairly , shipped quickly and was in great condition when received . My son loved this Christmas present .
 I would defiantly use this product for any rewiring job again . Every 2 switches share a fuse -LRB- blade style -RRB- and allow for the use of quick connects . This has allowed me to organize my rewired boat very easily .
 Hat was made well , it did n't have any loose threads or anything of that nature . The material used was well made and felt as if the hat could last . But ... The hat seemed to run small for the sizes . I bought an XL and it felt as if it was a L . If buyer is in between sizes go with the larger size .
 I really like this holster for my 1911 it works the best out of all the holsters that I have tried .
 I bout this holster after seeing several guys use it at the tactical class I took this fall . It beats my old service Bianca holster on my TA-50 to heck .
 After several failed attempts to find a paddle holster actually made for a Kimber single-stack small format carry pistol , I found this on line . I have had it now for almost a year and I am very happy with it . When holstering there is a distinct locking feel when properly holstered , and good and firm `` grip '' of the firearm when properly holstered . Your pistol is not going to fall out when you bend over to pick up your keys , or the money you just dropped . I will be buying a second one in the next few days .
 This rug was really nice , it 's bright and durable . We 've had it out front all summer and it just started to fade .
 5 Stars and I will start with what sounds like a complaint ; -RRB- I am 6 ' 6 &#34; and 235 lbs . I always get 2XL size to be comfy after sweatshirts inevitably shrink . Since they had talls , I ordered an 2XLT . It is my best sweatshirt ever , but it IS definitely a tall . It is long enough to cover my Driod belt holster phone -LRB- elastic waistband is fully below phone -RRB- and sometimes I pull the full holster out vs the phone because of this . Maybe the 2XL made it longer and I may even order an XLT for a little tighter fit whenj I want one . I would say very little shrinkage after one wash/dry , and in fact it feels exactly as it did before wash . Sleeves are nice and long also . Pushed up does not cut off circulation to arms either . It is definitely medium weight , but has a very soft feel , and it is not stiff cottony like Champion ones are -LRB- my other fav -RRB- .
 This Hoodie is excellent quality for an excellent price . My son just loves it . I ordered as many colors as I could since he likes them so much ! A word about AMAZON
 It 's so nice to buy something by size and have it actually BE a tall , with longer sleeves and longer body . Russell makes the best zip-front hoodies , period . Having them in big and tall sizes makes Russell super cool - big dudes want to have something to work out/walk/camp / chill in too !
 Bought this for my wonderful husband whom is very hard to fit ! It fit great and was just the right weight for him .
 I just bought a one of the Russell Hooded sweatshirts and I would advise to purchase a size up due to the fact that it does shrink after it has been washed and dryer dried , other than that I 'm very happy with the product.Mel
 Admittedly California 's winters are mild , but this hooded sweatshirt was a real comfort when the winds blew chilly in Southern California . Best money I ever spent !
 I am a BIG Guy and this jacket is great in all the sizes amazon carries.Nice jacket and great price !
 I am extremely pleased with the sweatshirt . It was the perfect size and fit . It is plush and very warm . It also had lots of extras like the Russel logo zip pull and the embroidered logo on the sleeve . I am very pleased with the item . I have ordered more .
 I bought a couple of these shirts , 1 A 's and 1 Padres all say XL but this Astros shirt is a bit bigger cut , makes the other 2 seem like L. It 's from a different manufacturer so that explains the different cut . Too bad the manufacturer 's did n't use the same dimensions for all shirts . I got these on sale for half price so it was still a good deal . I 'm pleased with the quality of the shirts .
 I love the softness , feel and fit of these short-pant Cuddl Duds so much I 'm buying more . The lace is a pretty and feminine and it softened up after the first wash . Could be because I accidentally washed mine in hot water . The hot water did n't seem to hurt the shorts at all but I wo n't push my luck . I like these for warmth but will wear them into the summer as well .
 These are fabulous under skirts during hot summers . Avoids any unplesant chafing .
 I 've ben looking for these for a long time ! Especially in black and shorter than ankle length.I highly recommend this product .
 I have bought this product for years and I like them soooo much , I keep coming back to buy more when needed . I hope you continue to sell them .
 I have bought this item previously and they provide warmth and fit well . Very satisfied with product . Recommended it to friends .
 I like skirts . Slacks , too , but I 'm partial to skirts because I like being girlie . Chuckle . But skirts are way too cold in the winter , even in Virginia ... but not when I wear these short pants . I 've used CuddlDuds for YEARS and loved them , but this is the best yet . Both my office and my church are drafty , but with these , I 'm warm as toast . Needless to say , I recommend them to everyone . They wear forever and do extremely well in both washer and dryer . They 're so light weight and take hardly any room in my suitcase -LRB- I travel to a number of countries where women still wear more skirts than slacks . -RRB-
 I 've had a platypus 2L bladder for 4 years now without a problem and recently used this 4L on an extended backpacking trip in Montana . While some are n't a fan , I adore the zipper at the top . While you have to be careful about making sure you locked it closed , I have never had a problem with any leakage and it makes scooping up some water from a large creek/cleaning a breeze.In my 2L platypus ' lifespan I 've gone through two 3L nalgene bladders that BOTH cracked in the same place leading me to purchase this one . Highly recommended .
 Bought the 4 liter tank thinking it would be shaped like the picture . I have a 2 liter one that is just like the picture and I love it . Easy to fill from the wide mouth at the top , then `` zip-loc '' it to seal it . But the 4 liter tank sits sideways - the opening is along the long edge . I 'm sure it 's for stability , and it works great . No leaks on my first outing with it . These weigh nothing and hold a LOT of water . Platypus is a great brand .
 Mask is exactly as advertised . Great gift for the price . My son is going to love it . I have had no problems with mine .
 This mask is actually really good and made out of rubber and plastic . It is bent a little but seriously people just reshape it ! >:-LRB- This mask is good but the foam is uncomfortable and comes of but just reglue it guys ! A great mask for the price !
 I have to say you get what you payed for . Most people say that you have to wear a backwards hat or else the mask will fall off . I disagree . With the ajustable strap on the back I was able to fit it to my head . Another person said that the mask was watery like a winshield and I aslo disagree . The mask is a little watery looking towards the bottom of the lens but works great . I tested the lens with my airsoft desert eagle which is powerful knowing it goes through cardboard easily . The lens did n't crack or break and only left a little mark from the bb which came off easily . The mask has some defects of stuff falling out or breaking but overall I highly reccomend this mask for the price . So what are you waiting for ? GO BUY ONE NOW !
 This mask is pretty good over all but the lens is a little watery but I do n't notice it that much , , , , it docent fog up too much but sometimes it fogs up ... . I expected for it to b a little better but over all it is good ... . It works
 It works great on the field . The foam did fall off , but I glued it back on easily . Buy this
 My son really likes mask . We purchased 2 so a friend could wear one when they &#34; battle &#34; with airsoft on our property . The only complaint -LRB- s -RRB- my 12 year old son had were
 This was just as we expected . My 10 year old ordered this for his airsoft gun accessories . Came in the amount of time we expected and a very reasonable price . No complaints .
 This was a Christmas present for my grandson . It will protect him as he plays . That 's what a grandmother does ...
 I bought this face mask for my nephew for christmass and he loves it . Seams to be sturdy and protective for his needs .
 I ordered this about a couple months ago and still have it -LRB- after a few adjustments -RRB- . The foam inside the mask comes off easily but , you can just hotglue it back on . I use this for airsoft . For a good fit just put on a backwards hat or else it will slide off . The top visor broke off which is fine . The safty plastic is a great quality and works but if you get shot it leaves a small mark on the plastic which is annoying but will come off with a wet wipe . It has no fog when you breathe . That is exactly what it looks like in the picture . The shipping gets you which is 5 to 10 $ . but hey I still have it and it works ! Spend your money on a high quality mask -LRB- this one wo n't last long unless if you take good care of it and pull it of carefully -RRB- .
 i found this mask very good , it was very nice , and i agree wiht the kid those ct bottum off , you should wear a hat backwords t cover your back or the head . its a good item thou .
 Well this mask feels funny at first , but you get used to it very quick . It makes it extremely hard to put your face close to anything which makes it difficult to use scopes or iron sights . I cut half of the right lower portion of the mask off with a box cutter and now it works perfect.Also , this mask blocks airsoft bbs , which can hurt a bit if you get shot in the face ... . with a 450 fps sniper ... . not making that mistake again ...
 There is no way this thing could be anything near impressive for less than $ 15 . My only question in getting it for my son -LRB- for Airsoft -RRB- was
 I had already purchased a fuel belt with 2 bottles . After using it , I knew I should have gotten the one with 4 bottles instead . We are training for the half marathon in SA TX . and it is brutal in the hot and humid weather . I found these bottles from Nathan and I am very pleased with finding them . They give me more oz . than my regular bottles -LRB- 8 oz . -RRB- and I find them easy to just clip on my belt . They stay on very well , do not slide around and give me more hydration in the TX heat . They are easy to get to and I do not have any problem opening them , drinking , and replacing them back to my belt . I would recommend these for anyone who needs a good alternative to buying a new belt with more bottles .
 This is a great addition to the 2 bottle belt , if you think you may need 3 bottles , but 4 are too many . I go through 3 bottles in one hour for sure . The problem with the 4 bottle belt is the location of the bottles and that they do not move . My arms tend to hit the bottles with the 4 bottle belt . It is better in my opinion to get the 2 bottle belt and add this clip on bottle . You can also keep rotating the bottles into this pouch and keep this one up front for easy access . And if you are in a half marathon , there will be stations for water to refill these if needed . Sturdy , stable . Did not fall off . Recommend . And Amazon has a great price . When I bought , Amazon itself did not carry the bottles and I had to use Fogdog who charged more .
 Bought this product for a solar power project . It allowed me to easily parallel all the panels and connect my service line to them as well . Fit nicely in a 4x6x4 junction box . Real sturdy design and easy to deal with . If I ever need another this type will be the only bus bar I ever purchase again !
 it does air realy good and i wold tell my doter about it this is realy cool love it cool
 These socks were great . They were beautiful Kaepa socks that were good quality . They wash up great and arrived quickly and as listed in the article .
 Any Eagles fan would love this shirt . The material is very breathable its like a nylon material kinda . I love it .
 La franela tiene un excelente acabado , es de una tela muy c&oacute;moda y fresca . Muy buena opcion para quienes gustamos vestir deportivamente
 This was one of few all black gloves I could find for my other other half . He loves it - but does say it gets a bit warm -LRB- hello , it 's a glove worn outside in the sun -- lol -RRB- . Do n't know if it has really improved his game , but he likes it !
 This harness works great ! It holds 4 pods easily -LRB- that 's enough for me as a relative beginner -RRB- as well as your tank if you 're using a remote line . I bought this harness with the intent of using a remote line , but since I play speedball and not scenario , I 've since been advised not to use a remote , and so the middle section for the tank mostly goes unused . You can put a water bottle in there or something similar I guess , but I would n't put a pod there because it would suck if you reached for your last pod and ... it had fallen out ... Aesthetically , this harness is pretty `` blah '' . There 's nothing wrong with it really , but it certainly wo n't win any awards for design . Plain , utilitarian looks.I have a coupla complaints/warnings regarding this harness.The first is that the harness is rather small . I 'm about 6ft , 180lbs - pretty much average guy size , but the harness barely fits around me . If you 've got more than a bit of a belly or just a thick torso , do n't get this harness because you wo n't be able to fit it on and still breathe normally.The second is that sometimes the pods can be uncomfortable when you 're sitting down . Nothing you notice while actually playing , but if you do n't take your harness off while you 're sitting around between rounds , it can be uncomfortable.Finally -LRB- and this probably applies to any vertical style harness -RRB- , be aware that if you spend a lot of time sitting on your butt behind bunkers -LRB- you should n't be , but just in case -RRB- , that could make it difficult for you to get a pod out without kneeling or standing up . The pods will be too close to the ground to pull out of the harness - they need some clearance.I 'd say I 'm neutral on this product , with a tentative recommendation if you have a slimmer build .
 I studied T'ai Chi with Martin Inn for many years . This CD has been a great way to reconnect with my practice .
 I installed this panel in a fishing boat - it receives direct sun light during most of the day and plastic is still the same colour as it was when I first bought it . I installed this last year and so far it 's working flawlesly . The switches are protected with some sort of rubber lining that makes this panel water resistant - I can tell that for sure as we wash the entire console with water and soap every time we use it in salt water and so far we have n't had any kind of problems . The panel came with lot of adhesive labels with different names that you place for each switch.Installation is n't difficult - just need to know the basics . Manuals , specifications , wiring diagrams and more info can be found on bep marine 's homepage too . I would recommend checking it before buying .
 This is a great sight , but i cant fit it on my rails because the mount is too small . My rail is a weaver/pitcany or whatever , but the mount is much smaller , like that on a daisy airgun . so , not ideal for sirsoft unless you buy the right rings .
 Works as advertised . Exactly what needed . My son started wearing them at 3 months old and tolerates well . The cord around the back of the head is necessary , but a bit annoying when on the smallest setting for an infants head . The excess cord has no where to go and between wrestling to put sunglasses on an infant and trying to get the excess cord in a comfortable place , can be a pain . Otherwise , no probs .
 My daughter wore these every time I took her out in the sun for extended periods of time . They seemed to fit really well , not too tight against her nose . They really were n't hard to put on , and once they were on they stayed put . They must have been comfortable because she never once tried to remove them . I would highly recommend this brand to other buyers , I even showed them to my optometrist , and he said the lenses were good quality . I have just ordered the Julbo Looping 3 , which is a larger size since I liked the first ones so much .
 We just ordered a small size suit for our daughter who is 18 months old . It fits well as she is tall for her age . I think this size would be an approximate 2T . The fuscia color is a bright pink - not quite as shown on the image that accompanies this product . It 's very cute .
 Exactly what I ordered . I ordered several colors of these chips for a gift . Only downside is the large set is rather heavy . Weight is an asset in play , but detrimental to the giftee 's desire to take the case anywhere . These are great chips to keep at your play location .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 It is a great watch . It is light and sturdy and looks great , however you are unable to read the time in the dark , and for that I can only give it four stars instead of five .
 I bought this watch for my 15 year old grandson and I was a hit , which is not easy for a grandmother . It looks much more expensive than it is and works great .
 I purchased this watch for my boyfrieds bday . It got here in good timimg and he loved it . Its a very nice watch . . : -RRB-
 One thing comes to mind when you handle this toy and that is quality . Radio Flyer has had a reputation for quality for generations and this item is no different.Not only is it attractive , the workmanship is flawless . There are no small parts to come off and cause a choking hazard.The steering wheel is actually functional . A feature seldom found on other ride-ons . The child appears to be in a proper seated position while riding this toy and the ergonomics , with its nice smooth curves , are appropriate and appear to be comfortable -LRB- I am too large to verify this : -RRB- The wheels are a nice firm rubber and provide excellent grip unlike other plastic wheels found on other toys . This is especially important for the child who coasts along a smooth surface -LRB- i.e. smooth paved garages , etc. -RRB- . All this and value too . We are talking about a metal bodied vehicle here , not another plastic generic toy for a very reasonable price . I could be wrong , but this appears to be the only metal ride-on available at this time.The nostalgia for parents who have grown up with Radio Flyer is there as well and the neat retro styling adds to the products attractiveness.A must buy !!!!!!!!!!
 The roadster immediately caught my eye in the store , have n't seen anything on the market like it . The quality is obvious the second you pick it up , a hefty 15 pounds of metal and rubber . My youngest -LRB- 11 mos . -RRB- was picking out potential birthday gifts when I let him sit on this at the store . It took Grandma and me to get him back off.A month later , his first birthday was a huge success as this was waiting for him in the living room with a big red bow after breakfast . He fell asleep sitting on it after crashing into every piece of furniture in the house all morning . Dad gets to take him for his first outdoor spin -LRB- with a helmet on -RRB- tomorrow . Wish they made a soap box racer replica for the bigger boys !
 My son loved this in the store -LRB- could hardly get him off -RRB- . I saw this exact toy in -RSB- a -RSB- catalog for -LSB- more money -RSB- . The horn make a nice sound , it 's not too obnoxious .
 My son loved this in the store -LRB- could hardly get him off -RRB- . I saw this exact toy in the Right Start catalog for -LSB- price -RSB- . The horn make a nice sound , it 's not too obnoxious .
 I struggled with other racks for years , mainly with the weight of them and how hard they were to install on the car , and install bikes on . This rack does it all.It is light weight and easy to install . Only one person is needed . The bikes install quickly and easily and they are solidly on there with no moving around , like my other racks . I finally found a rack worth using . And the price is below what you will pay for more recognized brands that do not perform as well . Why pay more for a lesser model when you can have this one at a great price ?
 Purchased June 2010 . Researched Thule , Yakima , etc. . The HR400 is a great rack for the money . Strong , quality product - made in the USA . Similar in capacity with other brands . I liked the anti-sway strap feature in the receiver bracket . Directions are spare but very little actual initial assembly so this is not so much a problem . You can check-out the assembly instructions on-line . Includes the hitch lock AND the 96-inch cable lock both keyed to the same key with 4 keys ; these products can add up to + $ 60 if not included . Easy to assemble . Easy to mount.Equal to other double arm racks in terms of loading . First time with your own bikes takes some time to figure out . Partly for visibility on my brake light and partly to load easier I removed all seats and a two pedals . After first time , 15 minutes to load . Tilt feature is well-designed . Ran to Maine with 4 adult mountain bikes . For 4 bikes , for recreational , vacation biking , it is all you need.TIP # 1
 I bought this rack at least 10 years ago , possibly 11 or 12 . It has actually lasted longer than the Explorer I bought it for . I have it on a new Silverado now and it works like a champ . The release was originally appealing because the Explorer had the hatch style door and it allowed me to get into the cargo area without taking the bikes off . Now with the truck , I can still let down the bed gate and not have to take the bikes off the rack.I have carried everything from mountain bikes to kids bikes to my big fat beach cruiser and it has had no problems with bowing or swaying . It 's made out of some type of heavy duty iron with very solid welding . It 's not lightweight , but it 's not a workout either.Now the best part
 This was a great bike rack , be aware however that it is really designed for 4 adult bikes . With some creative positioning we are able to include my children 's ' bikes so it is possible.We traveled 5 hours each way with the bikes and had no problems . There was very little movement and sway while driving with the bikes on the rack .
 I am very pleased with the construction and the performance of this bike rack . I have a couple engineering degrees and appreciate the design and flexibility of the rack ... nice powder coated pieces , good tie-down methods , cleaver eye-hook/threaded rod method of cinching the hitch , the ability to collapse the components for low-profile storing . from looking at competitors racks , you would have a difficult time finding a rack that holds you bike more secure . You do have an option of strapping the bikes to a lower bar that helps stabilize the bikes , but the rack works fine if you do n't -LSB- though , i would recommend using it for longer trips -RSB- . the setup and take-down of the bikes can take 15 min , but they 'll be safe . mfg over-seas , but quality seems quite good.check out their website and you can download the manuals to get a better idea of how this thing works.great product . built like a tank . rock solid on the hitch . still lets me open the tail-gate . robust design . would buy again.feel free to ask me questions .
 I had never used a hitch mounted bike rack , but bought the Hollywood HR400 on a recomendation from a friend . From taking it out of the box to having bikes on and ready to drive out of the driveway was less than an hour . The design makes the bikes stable , and easy to get on and off . The fold down arm gives good access to the back section of the vehicle , but watch out if you have 4 bikes on there , it tends to get heavy pushing it back into the driving position . If I had to , I 'd buy the same product again !!
 This is the first time we have ever transported bikes on our car and had asked several people which rack would be the best . After pricing this rack at a local bike shop and talking to the clerk we went on line and made the purchase and saved $ 40.00 . The instructions could have been written clearer with pictures of the rack on different cars instead of pictures of people riding bikes . We had to tighten the straps a little at our first stop and checked them every time we made a stop but they went over 1,000 miles without a wobble . This rack worked great . You could n't tell the bikes were on the car . Great price for a great product . We also purchased the bar to adapt the womens bike to fit the rack and it worked very well .
 I did a lot of research prior to buying this bike rack . I have owned several other styles and brands over the years , and some have worked and held up better than others . I 've only had this one a few months but so far am very happy with the ease of installation , the quality of construction , ease of use , features and overall design . I specifically selected this model because of the extra stabilization bar at the bottom . With other racks that do n't have such a feature , I usually have to use a number of straps or bungee cords to keep wheels in place and prevent them from spinning around while in transit . I like the fact that the wheel stabilization is built into the design of the rack , and it works well . The hitch tightening lever makes the rack very stable . The rack arrived earlier than expected , with adequate packaging , in good condition.Highly recommended.UPDATE Fall 2011
 This bike rack was easy to put together , simple to attach to the hitch on our 4Runner , and has performed very well . We 've driven several hours with the bikes on the rack , and they are stable and secure , both on the interstate and around town . The rack includes a locking hitch pin , keyed alike with an extra-long bike lock cable -LRB- long enough to secure all four bikes -RRB- . When the bikes are not on the rack , it folds up into a compact addition to the vehicle . It is remarkably easy to access the rear of the 4Runner with the rack in the hitch . Last night , I found it quite simple to tilt it down , get what I needed from the back , and stand the rack back up -LRB- & secure it -RRB- in the pitch darkness . The rack is also easy to remove and store.If you 'll be using the rack for a women 's bike -LRB- hybrid or step-through frame -RRB- , be sure to get a top-tube frame adapter . We bought aSwagman Bar Adapter Deluxethat does a good enough job .
 The quality of the rack was great ! Had to return because it would not hold GT triple triangle frame even with adapter . Bought the Hollywood sport rider SE 4 bike rack instead . If you buy the road runner be very careful when loading bikes . The head of screw that holds the bike cradles in place is exposed and scratched my frame . Nothing a small piece of tape would n't handle . Hollywood should think about coating these screws . Would n't let it deter you from buying . Overall nice rack and features for the price , although the sport rider SE is da bomb !
 Everything you need is included with this rack -LRB- as opposed to the Thule racks -RRB- . I 've only used it a few times , but it seems like the engineers have thought of every possible improvement , and then went ahead and made it . Great product !
 My 2 year old daughter received this trike for x-mas year 2001 . The only thing she ever did with it was push all the buttons to make the sounds . To ride the bike , it 's worthless because , I could never get the screws in tight enough to hold the pedals in front . The results were , her scooting herself around by her feet . She did try to pedal the bike but wheels never went anywhere .
 The front wheels are not that safe as the screws which puts the paddles in place does not properly fit in and is loose .
 This was a Christmas gift from the grandparents . My first warning is that this trike is NOISY , however , the batteries can be removed -LRB- and were from my daughter 's trike -RRB- . My second disappointment is that my daughter can not reach the peddles . My daughter is 23 months old and 3ft 2in , so if she ca n't reach the peddles a lot of other toddlers definitly wo n't be able to either . Other than that the trike does seem durable and is very cute .
 Overall I have to rate the H2 Carbon Blind RiverBottom Camo 4 stars . I hunt in Alaska on the Chicken Ridge Trail -LRB- yes there is a place called Chicken Alaska -RRB- and up on the North Slope in the Alaska Pipeline Corridor for Caribou and in the Huston Alaska area for Moose . It is difficult to find the right camouflage patterns for the Caribou hunts I go on . I purchased the H2 Carbon RiverBottom Camo Blind and took it with me to Chicken Alaska ; the camouflage pattern was perfect for the Chicken Ridge Trail and I hope it will be the same when I hunt the Alaska Pipeline Corridor next month . I also very much like the 360 degree view that the blind provides , however , I found it a little more difficult to set up than the video showed , experience might have been my problem and as a side note it will keep you dry in the rain but it is by no means waterproof . All in all a good buyA note to Eastman Outfitters ; It would be great to see among all the other camouflage patterns a couple of Alaska camouflage patterns since Alaska has some unique terrain types such as Tundra , Muskeg and very , very skinny Spruce .
 Looked at many products but not many companies provide the leg guards in the less common team colors . Finally we found someone who sold a quality product and in the color we wanted !
 This is the best all-around harness I have owned . Now consider that I have only ever owned this harness - it has lasted 7 years of I 'd say bi-weekly climbing without any real wear ! You would have to be a real big wall junkie to thrash this harness . In terms of being able to use this harness for everything from gym to big wall aid - you can do it . No other harness can say that . It might not be the trendiest thing when you go to the gym , or as featherweight as some sport specific harnesses , as feature laden as big wall harnesses , or as spartan as alpine harnesses , but if you could only afford one , this is it . No contest , this thing is totally bomber . Comfortable , durable , and multi-use . When you realize that they make every piece of this harness full strength to prevent any chance of falling as long as something is clipped , it just adds icing on the cake .
 I have purchased several Fobus products for my Glocks and have loved both holsters and my mag pouch . My pistols fit great and the passive retention is amazing . VERY SECURE but a Quick draw of your weapon is not a problem.No complicated gadgets or tweaking required . Prices are very reasonable , extremely durable and comfortable for long wear times without fatigue or cutting into our body . You will not regret using any Fobus holster . They 're simply one of the best out there . I love mine , you will too .
 This is my second Fobus holster . I also use one of their paddle mag carriers for EDC . Fobus are great holsters for the money , but probably a better call for range / woods use than as a go to concealment holster for the street . Their retention on the gun is outstanding , and they hang on to your belt better than you 'd expect from a paddle . I would n't wear this without a belt , as the paddle does n't bite the waistband of your pants enough to give a smooth draw .
 I own several holsters costing from 30-200 . This is my favorite for every day use . I found this holster so comfortable to wear I picked additional Paddle holsters for my other pistols .
 This is a nice watch , easy to put on and adjust with a velcro clasp and comfortable band . The watch/logo is attractive . My child is very happy with it .
 This is the best all-around harness I have owned . Now consider that I have only ever owned this harness - it has lasted 7 years of I 'd say bi-weekly climbing without any real wear ! You would have to be a real big wall junkie to thrash this harness . In terms of being able to use this harness for everything from gym to big wall aid - you can do it . No other harness can say that . It might not be the trendiest thing when you go to the gym , or as featherweight as some sport specific harnesses , as feature laden as big wall harnesses , or as spartan as alpine harnesses , but if you could only afford one , this is it . No contest , this thing is totally bomber . Comfortable , durable , and multi-use . When you realize that they make every piece of this harness full strength to prevent any chance of falling as long as something is clipped , it just adds icing on the cake .
 If you are looking for a `` different '' Cubs look than they standard tee 's out there I reccomend this item . Be advised it is not made of nylon `` jersey '' type material but is cotton t-shirt material . Not dissapointed with this as it is a heavy/thicker weight t-shirt material that will last but assumed it was jersey material based on the photo for some reason . All logos are embrodered and give the shirt an overall high quality look that is sharp enough to get away with for slightly `` dressy '' occassions when you still want to represent your Cubbie loyalty . Now , if I can just keep it out of the dryer so it wo n't shrink or fade , I 'll probably wear this oh , once a week !
 I so love this sweater , it 's adorable ! I just wish it fit my dog . She 's a 10lb Pomeranian so I bought her the small -LRB- someone bought a medium for a 20lb dog so I think that would be too big -RRB- . The length is good , but the leg holes are weird . My dog walks bow-legged in it and can only lift her paw halfway to her face to try to scratch her face . The neck is pretty high too . The thickness of the sweater is great though for cold weather . I 'm trying to stretch it out a bit , but I do n't know if it will help . Crossing my fingers !
 This is my son 's face mask of choice . He rides his bike to work right through the winter in NYC . This mask keeps him warm as he rides over the East River on his way to work .
 Great for playing sports or working out . Its small , it does its job , and comfortable .
 I liked it a lot ! I live in Brazil and here cost + - 150,00 dollar . . very expensive !
 Love my new watch ! Just what I was looking for , but at half the price ! ThankX
 Bought it for my husband , and he gets compliments all the time . Nice design , reasonable price . A winner . The red hand looks cool against the black and white background , art deco design .
 We bought this bed and had it shipped to an elderly realative 's house so they woruld have an extra bed . It arrived on time and they were able to set it up and fill it . And we arrived to visit and slept comfortably on the AeroBed .
 Compact travel bagPuncture resistantQuick to set upFits standard size beddingRapid deflationEasy to re-packWe enjoyed being able to carry an extra bed on long trips . The adjustable pressure made it unbelievably comfortable to sleep on . Simple to operate , its convenient adjustments assured ideal cushioning . It 's a great extra bed for small homes or apartments . One caution
 I bought this air bed as a replacement for an Areobed I had for at least 15 years . I stuck with the built in pump -LRB- 110 vac -RRB- which means really quick and effortless inflation . No leaks - no problems . They still make a great portable bed .
 This Aerobed is the smartest purchase I ever made !! It does n't take up much space to pack . It blows up quickly and keeps its hold after pumped . I used mine for the first time for a week and never had to add air to it . It was very comfortable and the price was very reasonable . I will definitely get my moneys worth out of this purchase !!
 I recently purchased this item to take with me to a relative 's house for a weekend visit . The weekend was filled with lots of hard work and when I laid down on the Aerobed it was extremely comfortable . I love the one touch feature which allows you to fill more air in the mattress making it more firm to sleep on . The pump is attached so you do n't have to put it back on to adjust the firmness . Great item . Comes with convenient carrying bag . I would definitely purchase another inflatable mattress from Aerobed if I needed one .
 The AeroBed Classic is a great value when you need an extra bed . It can be blown up to the comfort of the user . The only problem is that is gets cold like a water bed and there is a need for a blanket or something between the sheet , mattress cover and the bed .
 This was a great last minute bed solution . It was comfortable but did make me sweat a bit . I would use an extra sheet over the top .
 I bought these in three levels -LRB- 3 , 4 , and 5 -RRB- . The 3 is a good starting point , but as I have been using weight machines , I like the 4 . I bought a set of handles and it a nice sturdy product . The best part , no latex smell , and no allergic reactions for me . It was easy to set up with handles , and functions as well as the tubes with handles at my gym . I will up date if they wear out fast , but they feel like they will last .
 Exactly the strength we were looking for . This product works very well as an oral motor stim tool on our sensory needy kids .
 I use this in therapy . This came well packaged and timely . It went so fast off he shelf that I need more !
 Perfect . Exactly what I needed to exercise my arm from tendonitis . No problems here , bold color , very stretchy . Boxed up for easy shipping . Thank you .
 I bought two of these for my husband and I and we 've been using them on our sailboat for a year now . One chair did have a bolt shear off after a lot of hard use , but we were able to fix it ourselves . We are not small people and are at the limit of the size rating . The mesh seat makes it perfect for hot summer days and the fabric and mesh have held up beautifully . These are the best beach chairs we 've ever owned .
 The Taylor Made Products 1632 11 inch Marine windshield Support Bar , worked great on my boat . It was exactly how the product described itself and very quick service .
 The length listed is determined by having the support bar vertical and the flat of both feet horizontal This will give you the working lenght . Four 1 '' stainless screws are included .
 This works fine for supports that are shorter than 11 inches , you can just unscrew the black plastic ends and use them on y our old support . that is ... if it was the black plastic that had failed .
 After a pervious unsatisfying purchase from another company , I was delighted with this new ski blade bag . The bag was roomy enough for both my snow blades , with bindings ! Much to my surprise the bag was even badded . There are both hand and shoulder straps , a zipper wrapping 3/4 of the bag sides , making filling and removing the blades easier . The length was exactly as stated in the advertisement . I would highly recommend this item .
 This product is much better quality than the other review give it credit . The gun itself is very sturdy , it doesnt wobble at all . Someone above said the safety came out , there is a lever that on most guns would be a safety but on this gun is a break down lever . If you push on a little button on the right side it will pop right out . But on another note , be very careful with the clip as it can be damaged without knowing and your bbs wont shoot right , but you should be careful with the clip on all gas guns . This gun shoots really hard and fairly accuraty as well . I would recommend this to anyone for backyard shooting or as a sidearm . I shot a hole in 2 full pepsi cans in one shot.All in all , its a buy.Thank You
 I own the version of this gun manufactured by Crosman , and I 'd have to say it is an excellent product . Before I start , I want to mention that the Firepower and Crosman versions are identical with the only being exception being the label near the bottom of the grip . First of all , the pistol is very durable . I have dropped mine many times in the middle of a battle and it continues to function perfectly . Secondly , the speed and accuracy of this pistol is incredible . During battles I often opt to take this pistol with me instead of my sniper rifle to save some weight . But as I have found out , I do not have to compensate because the pistol is almost as accurate as my sniper rifle . The last key feature of this pistol is its dependability . I have NEVER had it misfire , and I have probably fired a few thousand rounds out of it by now.In conclusion , I want to say that the other reviewers have probably mishandled their pistols in some way which caused them to break . Do not let their opinion tarnish your views on this pistol .
 I bought this as a replacement for one I 'd worn for years , but had not been able to change the battery on . The new one appears to have an easily replaceable battery . It just slips on the wrist -- no buckles , clasps , etc. , so it 's easy to put on in the morning . Would n't wear it for a dress or work occasion , but it 's perfect for casual , everyday use . I have small wrists and the medium is a little big -- would have bought small if it had been offered in the clear plastic -LRB- which has a bluish tint -RRB- but I 'm happy enough with this one .
 Sweatshirt is great - color and embroidery are true to how they look on image . Sweatshirt is pretty lightweight compared to other hoodies . Arrived in good shape and on time .
 Ordered this as a gift for my nephew , a huge Yankees fan . Great quality , cool logo and an even better price . We are both very happy with this purchase .
 Road Gray Cardinal Jersey , impossible to find in the St. Louis area in the popular size of Men 's Medium . Found this through Amazon on line and this vendor is fast , friendly and I received this for my son 's birthday on time and it 's perfect . I look forward to doing business with all of you again , thank you , thank you , thank you !!! .
 this stuff works well on curbs and rails , but leaves a tinted residue after you slide or grind a few times . Lasts pretty long , good stuff .
 This stick is great and I have no complaints about it . My accuracy has improved as well as my stroke . There is such a big difference when you have your own stick versus using crappy house sticks that are n't taken care of . This stick is great and i recommend it to anyone .
 This was bought as a gift for my 10 yr old son . . He loves it and wears it everyday ! It is very east to put on and take off , and is age appropriate for all . My husband wore it to a Sabres game last week and it did n't look like he was wearing a kids watch.Now he want one too , so I will be buying another one !! It has held up great under the beating that a 10 yr puts on everything !!! He just does NOT wear it in the shower , tub , or pool-just in case . It is very comfortable-my son sleeps in it . The band is Velcro so it fits my 10 yr old son and my 45 yr old husband , and looks and fits them both . Its not to babyish or to grown up looking on either . This product has blown my expectations out of the water !! So soon I will be buying one for my husband and one for my sons best friend Kevin . I am not disappointed by anything about this watch . The watch he had before this one was a plastic green lantern watch -LRB- i thought i was gon na have a fight on my hands to get it away from him -RRB- and the loops that hold the strap down broke off fast-something I do n't have to worry about with this watch . We could n't get it out of the packaging fast enough for him !! Thank you for my sons favorite watch ever !!! Fyfe Family-Buffalo , NY
 Got this as a Christmas present for my son . He 's a huge Bruins fan . It 's easy to get on and off , and to adjust the time . Would definitely buy again .
 I bought these as gym shorts for my daughter . They 're comfortable -LRB- my daughter wants a pair for home -RRB- and durable -- she 's been wearing them for half a year and I see no snags , holes in seams or general wear at all . They do run a little small , she was in a girls size 12 jean when I bought these and she fit in the adult small very comfortably though there was little difference between that size and youth large . -LRB- I bought both sizes thinking she 'd grow into the adult sm -RRB- I will be buying more in the near future as she 's hit a growth spurt .
 I bought these for running . No one should be misled by the price , these are well made shorts with good quality fabric . If I had anything negative to say about them is that they 're actually kind of on the heavy side for running shorts . But they 're soccer shorts are n't they ? Still , these were great buys and I run in them everyday .
 I ordered these shorts for my child to wear for P.E. . The material is great and the shorts are a perfect fit . Processing of my order was fast and the items were received before the estimated arrival date . If you would like slightly longer shorts , then order the `` Monster Short '' . These Cascade shorts are about mid-thigh .
 these are an excellent buy.they 're not the best construction , but compared to expensive shorts that probably come from the same Chinese sweatshop , they 've done just fine by me .
 2 soccer girls later and these shorts look like the day they came in the Amazon box !
 This item not only works great , but looks real good on the side of out travel trailer . Unfortunately , spaces within the travel trailer made it difficult to tighten the stress relief on the back , so it never got done . This was part of an overall electrical service upgrade so we could install a roof mount AC unit .
 I used to buy boating items at Boat US or Westmarine . Prices online are at least 20 % less than these boating specific stores !
 This connector was used to make a custom length generator cable for my travel trailer . The quality is excellent and connecting it to the cable was easy . Exactly what I needed for my project .
 This plug was easy to wire and works just great . All the wire inputs were colot coded , making it difficult to wire incorrectly . A real nice upgrade for our old travel trailer !
 This plug was just what the doctor ordered ! Easy to install and a vast improvement over the worn out plug it replaced .
 This is an easy to install system for a boat shore power plug . However it costs almost as much as a new cord and plug . My cord was good so I repaired it with this plug . It is not as sound as a new cord and plug but it will do .
 I was looking for a simple bug out bag . This is it ! It is a great little backpack for a simple 72 hour bag . It is n't a huge backpack , but it is just the right size and has so many compartments to organize all of my gear . This will fit great in the trunk of my car , ready to go .
 Great 12 hr bag . Little small but has room for everything I need it for . I primarily use it as a range bag or patrol bag . Excellent quality and several pockets and attachment slots . Staps including waist are comfortable . Overall good bag
 SMALL AND COMPACT BUT I HAVE PUT ENOUGH IN IT TO SURVIVE EASILY 4 TO 5 DAYS . . I THINK THE EXPANSION OPTIONS AND THE DIFFENT WAYS YOU CAN ATTACH YOUR GEAR THIS BAG ALLOWS YOU WITH ALL THE MOLLE IS THE BEST THING ... YOU COULD GO FROM COMPACT ASSULT PACK TO A FULL SIZE RUCK BY JUST ATTACHING A BUTT PACK ... GREAT PACK FOR THE PRICE
 This bag is small enough to be stowed just about anywhere but you can fill it with so many essentials as well . The webbing on all sides is great for attatching needed extra pouches and supplies . Though I did not buy on Ammazon , thought I would put my commnets here since they now seem to be prevallent . I initially bought mine for use in Afghanistan as a day pack/Bug-out bag and also used it for tactical and medical applications . It served me well for three years there . There was more than enough room too keep all my personal essentials , as well as about three days of rations , maps , Ammo and necessary survival gear . I also attached a medical/firstaid pack on either side for my essentials and ALS gear as well . This bag served me so well that I now have three that I use for different purposes and all three are great.They are extremely durable and hold up well under austier conditions . Good for an everyday light pack or for anything more you may be able to abuse it with.James
 My husband is 6 ' 1 '' and I am 5 `` 1 , we both can comfortably wear this pack . You can cram alot of gear in it without stressing the zippers . The only con is not having padding around the waist straps . Overall a great pack at a great price !
 ** update after 14 months ** This thing gets better the more I use it . Now have a 3L camelbak bladder I put in here , this bag has been on over 400 miles of bike rides -LRB- at least 15 % of that completely off road -RRB- , and goes with me on my half marathon runs . I have several bags , and this is my go to bag for exercise trips , photography missions , and this is my carry on always.It will barely hold my 15 '' work laptop , although it 's tight . Always have 3 or 4 carabiners hooked up and it holds everything I need for my day . I ca n't recommend this bag enough ! ** -LRB- original review -RRB- I was hoping to use this bag to replace my aging Jansport book bag for packing a bunch of clothes and electronics , and was surprised when I saw how small this bag was , but it is definitely a durable piece . -LRB- I wo n't take away a star for me not knowing how big it was -RRB- . -LRB- for size reference , I am a large guy , and it is narrow enough that it fits between my shoulder blades , where as a standard book bag covers my shoulder blades -RRB- As soon as I received this bag I opened up the pockets , loosened the straps , and let it breath for one night before stuffing it to the brim for a 3 day weekend in the snow . My biggest complaints areA -RRB- it 's a new bag and I kept losing small items since I was n't sure which pocket I had put them in , andB -RRB- it took a little while to loosen and adjust every thing to get it right.Once adjusted though , you find that the material is thick and durable feeling , and was plenty water resistant in snow . The zippers are extremely heavy duty compared to a standard backpack , the strap system is great for snugging everything down tight and compressing the bag , you will be hard pressed to run out of attachment points as you gear up , and it does n't look like every other back pack out there.I look forward to the places I will take this bag and am confident it will survive it all .
 This is a real nice pack . Not huge , but big enough to buyout with and take enough stuff with you
 excellent pack with superb quality . tons of pockets for your items to get lost in . you know you love those pockets !
 nice quality , but some of the straps are a little tight and make it tough to open . over all thought great quality
 Very well made this backpack is molle capable has many places to attach gear to !!! and very durable it is the perfect backpack to hold all of your essential items in for bugging out perfect weight distribution and everything ...
 small bag with lots of room I checked it out on u-tube you can pact a lot of stuff into this thing .
 This is a pretty solid little pack . Now , as other reviews say , it is somewhat small . I would recommend this as a day bag for a hike , or , what I do is I keep it in my car as a &#34; get home bag &#34; plenty of room for some gear and solidly built . Only reason I Gave it 4 stars is because it is somewhat smaller , but still definitely recommend this little guy !
 This pack was shipped and received in lightning speed ! I was a bit skeptical that this pack was going to be low quality due to the price . However I could n't have been more surprised . It is well equipped with many compartments of many sizes to accommodate a variety or items . I am very happy with this purchase and plan on buying another .
 Loaded it for a 3 day trip to Buffalo and it was perfect . Everything arrived neat and in place . Great product , fantastic price and service .
 I love this bag . I added side packs and a front pack and am checking into adding a bottom pack if I can make it fit .
 This pack is a great size for daily use and it was shipped fast . Would recommend this quality product . .
 I ordered this for my husband as a small `` bug-out '' bag and he loves it !! His previous bag was far to large and weighed to much even empty , so we began looking for something else.We were very surprised at the number of pockets and compartments that this bag has to offer ! It holds a ton of supplies!Back compartment has one zipper area and one mesh , middle compartment has a mesh and a cloth pocket-minus a zipper , the front lower one has several small pockets for pens , lights , tools , lighter starters , surgical scissors , and many many other things . In this one bag I can hold everything needed to survive for a week . This includes emergency blankets , tents , sleeping bag , bug off , toothbrush -LRB- & paste ;-RRB- , deodorant , duck-tape , multi-tool , flashlight , batteries , first-aid kit galore , compass , poncho , lightsticks , wire , paracord 50ft , water purification tablets and filtration , canteen , shave kit , fishing supplies , flares , more medical supplies , 100 rounds of 45 shells , 45 glock , dried food , binoculars , energy bars , and several other things I 'm sure I forgot . This is of a maneuverable size and weight . Highly recommend !!
 I ordered this bag based on the reviews , everyone seemed to like it , as well as do I . The Bag itself is a great bag compatiable with the Molle System , and will hold plenty of items . The bag however is about half the size that it appears in the picture . It looks more like a kids bag . But I have not had any problems with the bag so far . Its probably gon na be a great 2day pack but no more .
 I bought this because of it 's smaller size and it does not scream military . It looks like a simple black backpack with a military flavor . While it appears to have been made in China , I ca n't complain about the quality . I 've intentionally abused it without any problems . It makes a great weekend bag or smallish bug-out-bag . I 'm loading it with equipment and taking short hikes to help me lose weight and to give me an idea on what I need for a real hike through the mountains . I 'm guessing it holds about 1600 cubic inches which is more than enough for a minimalist hiker . The top outside pocket fits my 600ml cook kit perfectly and the large pocket holds my hammock , tarp and sleeping bag with a little bit of room to spare . The middle pocket would easily hold a change of lightweight clothes and the larger outside pocket holds a small water filter with plenty of room left over for other items.The molle design allows you to attach accessory pouches to the pack . I chose to add a couple of army canteens , but I found that I needed a tie-down strap to secure them in place , otherwise they would move back and forth as I walked causing me problems as they shifted . Once strapped down , the extra 5 pounds of water and bottles rode very well . My loaded pack weighs in at about 20 pounds and it rides very well on my back.The belt does help , but it really is a minimalist style belt . It appears to be almost a design afterthought.My only complaint is that I found the exact same pack at a local surplus store for less -LRB- where I bought the canteens -RRB- .
 This is a great pack ! I actually own two . One I have as my every day pack . I walk five miles to and from work -LRB- in the city granted so its not a death hike -RRB- and this bag is very comfortable . The other is stuffed with survival gear and is in the trunk of my car in case of an accident . The compression straps make the bag small , compacts and squareish . My friends get a kick out of me unpacking all of my crap from the bag , repacking it , and using the compression straps to shrink it . I am going to be purchasing another as a gift . A friend is going to south america and she is looking for a good bag . With the more than reasonable price of this bag it will be perfect for her .
 I have looked around . living in a milatary town I thought I could find a better deal NOT . . Top Quality I have had it for a Year and use it every day at work . I have 5 friends that have purchased one and like it as well . I have the black one and I am thinking of buying the green one also
 Gave this to my father for his birthday , to replace an older emergency pack he keeps in his trunk . This one is of much better quality , lost of pockets , straps to hang items , and padding . I have one myself too . Love them . It is on the smaller side , I should warn , which is why I felt it was good for one to be stored in your car to hold a Med-kit , fold-able shovel , flashlight and some water .
 Drawback - the pack is not as wide as i expected even after reading the reviews that said same thing . this pack is strong and straps up really well . good waist and chest straps . a 15 '' laptop fits in the largest compartment not in the compartment closest to my back where i would expect it should go . all that really matter is that it does carry it contents well and the zippers are strong like i expected . I also agree that this pack is only good for a short 3day hike
 The pack is well built and is a nice size for a go bag for essentials . It allows you to compliment your battle bag and CBRN gear
 I bought this bag at first for a small bug out bag but I liked it so much I did n't want to leave it sitting around in my closet . It seems small out of the box but once you start filling the pockets and compartments you will be impressed . I now use it weekly as a small range bag . It easily holds everything I need for the shooting range plus lunch and the hydration badder . I read a couple reviews about the shoulder straps breaking , for me so far so good but will definitely update my review if this happens . I am also considering taking this for a test run on a minimalist 4 day hiking trip . It seems pretty rugged and definitely has the capacity for my needs .
 I chose to buy this item because I wanted to build a go bag . So far it is doing its job . I got it stuffed with the survival essentials and I am continuously changing items in the bag . The bag is real nice for adding attachments . So far the quality seems good . Everything is still working and the stitching is holding up nice . This bag is small but expands to hold quite a bit of stuff . It has more than enough room for the essentials plus some more .
 I absolutely love this pack because it fits quite a bit in various pockets , but also because it 's compact . I am a daily train commuter and I can get all my essentials in this pack to travel to and from work . Versatile and lightweight , I finally found the right pack for me . Love it !
 I purchased this back pack on Amazon and am totally thrilled with the pack . It has numerous compartments , numerous velcro straps , comfortable padded shoulder straps , heavy duty zippers . Everything about it is great , this was a great buy all the way around .
 Pack was purchased to hold my search and rescue gear . While it is smaller than my Condor 3 day pack , it does hold a large amt of gear . I 'm able to comfortably carry 24 hr of food/water and my SAR equipment . The smaller size does limit what I can carry , but that makes me pack th essentials but leaves enough room to carry the `` nice to have stuff '' too
 I love this bag it comfortable . I put well over 100 pounds of gear in it and it holds up . Its perfect for my job . It a great nag and I 'm getting another for when this one finally goes out on me .
 REALLY REALLY pleased with this . . It 's not as big as I thought it would be . But for the price , and me not reading the sizes -LRB- others sites -RRB- it 's pretty much exactly what i needed for a bug-out bag .
 The Molle Assault Pack Backpack is a great quality bag , but it was smaller than what I was expecting . I wanted to use it as a bug out bag , but now I just use it as an everyday to and from work backpack . I would recommend it but just keep in mind it is not a good bug out bag if that is what you intended on using it for .
 I bought two of these packs . I really like them a lot . Not too big and as a previous reviewer said almost the size of a regular backpack . However , you can really fit in a great amount of stuff . From equipment to supplies , clothing , tools , etc. . I had no trouble fitting in everything I need , especially as a disaster or accident mobile bag . I also attached a matching first aid pouch -LRB- also found on Amazon -RRB- plus a storm whistle . -LRB- There are plenty of spots made available for attachments -RRB- While it can get quite heavy , especially if you are serious about what you store in the pack , the chest and waist strap adjust to where your balance is restored and you are comfortable with how the pack sits on your back . By adjusting the straps just right , the pack wo n't pull you backwards . I ca n't comment on how durable this pack is as I have not tested it yet with other than what I have previously stated . But it does seem well made and ready to carry a heavy load .
 I was looking for the perfect pack for a while - search ended . The construction is excellent - materials likewise . The design is brilliant - the capacity extends away from the back leaving the arms to work in the full range of motion . This pack , when using all straps , will be a part of your body and will not be subject to inertia - we ride bikes and it 's always a bonus when the pack you 're wearing turns when you do . The multiple pockets allow organizing contents so that you can `` get what you want quickly '' instead of pawing through all your stuff . Makes for a great EDC with space to load weather appropriate clothing , food , and so on . We bought two - very satisfied .
 The blocks are nice , though not the same density as the ones we use in class . This certainly does not hinder my ability to use them and they are still totally functional . My one complaint is that the blocks have a strong chemical smell when they are first opened . I hope that it will go away once they are aired out . Aside from the smell , the blocks are of good quality and the price is excellent . If the smell diminishes , I will be ordering more of these blocks .
 I have these blocks in gray , and I 've found them to be very functional . The are lightweight yet made of a dense foam that is comfortable to use with just a bit of give to it . They also seem slightly larger than most other blocks , plus they are a great value -- you get two blocks for less than what other companies charge for just one . Highly recommended for your home yoga practice .
 Besides using these for yoga , I 've found that you can place these under your knees and do push-ups with them . It 's great for those who are struggling to do push-ups in the beginning . It helps you achieve maximum reps in a set . When you get stronger , you can eventually do them without the yoga blocks , and use them for yoga . A real bone saver .
 I have used these blocks for 2 years now and they have held up well . What you see is what you get , just a black block of hard foam , nothing fancy , but it works perfectly .
 I have looked at this type of block at various sites ; these are great and well priced . I am quite pleased with them and they come in black ! Why pay more ?
 i ordered this product and have totally enjoyed it . The blocks are firm and very well made . I like the curved edges and larger size . Customer service has been a breeze for ordering other products direct from the company .
 There is absolutely no reason to pay more for a set of yoga blocks . These work great ; they do exactly what they are supposed to do . More expensive blocks wo n't do anything better than these do . I 'd buy these again .
 I have to say they got the job done , they smell a little funny coming out of the box , but once they air out they are wonderful for using in your yoga routine .
 I just used these blocks this morning for P90x yoga , and they are a lifesaver . I 'm not the most flexible person in the world yet , and they kept me from losing my balance several times.The blocks themselves are very light and soft , yet supportive when and where you need them . I did not notice a harsh smell from them as other reviewers have indicated . These blocks do everything you need them to , and seem durable while doing it . All in all , I think they are a great product !
 I use these yoga blocks when I do yoga and stretching on P90X . They were a great value and are of a very good quality .
 I use these yoga blocks when I do yoga and stretching on P90X . They were a great value and are of a very good quality .
 Does the job at a fabulous price . Smoothest and lightest yoga block i 've ever owned .
 Blocks have a slight imperfection on the finish but they work well.Also the price was right.Thanks
 I ordered these yoga blocks for use in the Yoga workouts in my P90X program . No complaints . A good buy and a good product .
 A good speed loader which could be improved on by 1 consideration ... need to make a recessed starter so you do n't damage muzzle loading bullets that have pointed plastic tips , Tried using a drill to make a place for tip to go in without much luck so I got the other push through TC speed loaders . For flat nose saboted bullets or hollow points they work great .
 When diving in a group , my LED lights are obviously brighter and last much longer than everybody 's incandescant lights . $ 114 is a good price for this kit , it 's usually about $ 130 .
 Sandbox is an awesome snowboard action movie that was filmed in the 2005/2006 snowboard season.The two disc DVD is packed full of snowboarding fun . The first disc includes the movie and the second disc includes tons of extras.Whether you like watching pros drop cliffs , jump road gaps or huck themselves over huge park jumps this movie has it all .
 I am too old to be an athlete , but I am still an atheletic supporter.The older I get , the more I need this kind of support when I exercise .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 Great shoe . Strong yet light weight . New cleat configuration seems to be a bonus . Its still a little early to tell . No complaints !!!
 I 've been using this lure since late 80s or early 90s , ca n't remember . I 've caught tons of small mouth bass , blue gill and carpie with this thing.There was a pond near me back in the woods ; in the middle of a cow pasture ; nearly the second the lure began it 's trip back to shore I would hook a small mouth . Between it and worms , I do n't use much else .
 Lightweight , simple , basic . I did n't need a fancy color or shiny bottle , this works for the gym and camping . I am extremely happy with this purchase .
 To begin all nalgene products are made in America which is a major plus.This water bottle is a great bottle with no leaks , is light weight , and carries a sufficient amount of water to hydrate you . The loop is made of a strong plastic and wo n't break easily . The only problem I can find with this water bottle is if you leave it in a warm place with water still in the bottle , it develops an unappealing oddor . But it can be removed if you wash it with soap , now granted it wo n't correct this problem , but it works for between uses . The easiest thing to do is to drink all the water in it before setting it out . Overall this is a great water bottle if properly and regularly cleaned .
 I switched from a smaller steel water bottle to this because I found that the other one did n't hold enough water . I could n't be happier . It 's light , easy to hold and drink from , has a kinda softer texture than the regular nalgene bottles that most people have , and overall works really really great . If you are considering a water bottle , get this one !
 The durability you 'd expect from high density polyethylene , plus the quality manufacturing you 'd expect from nalgene . I 've had this bottle for at least 3 years and unless I stabbed it with a knife , I 'd expect it to last another 10 .
 They work . Can be recycled . No BPA . Not the lightest , but they will last forever . Have owned one in the past and I still have it -LRB- holds photographic chemicals of all things -RRB- . Get this !
 I have gotten other types of reusable water bottles before that kept the water cold , but those where too big to use normally and the sports cap or wide-mouth designs made it harder to drink from than the store water bottles . So I decided to try to find a reusable water bottle like the kind you buy in the store , aka smaller sized with a narrow opening.Well , I found and got one of these ... and it was perfect . It was thin enough to fit in cup holder , while the colored versions of this product -LRB- different page -RRB- are a bit too wide . The opening is a bit bigger than store water bottles , but it is the smallest I found and very close.If you want a thin , cup holder fitting , narrow opening , reusable water bottle like the store brands , this is the one ! I plan to buy more soon !
 I actually bought this bottle to send pre mixed formula for my baby 's daycare . It did it 's job okay , but getting the stink out of it was hard compared to the prior BPA hard plastic one I had used for my older daugher 4 yrs . ago . I chose this one this time though because I liked the lid better . Not the conventional use for this bottle but it does work quite well . We now have it as a spare bottle -LRB- although I do n't know if I 'll ever put water in for myself , maybe for the dog when we go to the beach -RRB- , but yeah getting the formula smell out of it took more than a few runs through the dishwasher !
 I was looking for a replacement Nalgene for my husband . The picture represents exactly what I received . The narrow mouth works great for us and our small children -LRB- less spills -RRB- . The only difficulty we have is adding ice to the bottle .
 Love this water bottle , it goes wherever I go.My only complaint is that it somehow soaks up stinky smells from time to time , all very different , even though I only ever drink water out of it . Not a big deal though - goes away with a thorough washing .
 Nalgene bottles are sturdy and leak free . I like this 16 oz bottle for use around town as an eco-friendly & cost-conscious substitute for the common 12 oz bottled water bottles . This style of 16 oz bottle is narrower -LRB- 2.75 '' diameter -RRB- than Nalgene 's colored translucent 16 oz bottles and therefore easier to hold in your hand & it fits some car cup holders . The higher capacity 32 oz bottle is good for hiking , but is naturally much larger . Beyond that , what can you say about a low tech water bottle ...
 Great water bottle - take it to work everyday and then use at home when exercising . The little strap makes carrying it easy . The narrow mouth is much easier to drink from than the bottles with larger mouths and it 's easier to wash than the bottles with built in straws . The 32 oz bottle does n't look all that big , but I was shocked to find that it held almost twice the amount as my old bottle that was supposedly 24 oz . Durable plastic - this will last a LONG time .
 I have had the narrow-mouth 32 oz . version of this water bottle for fully 26 years now and it is simply excellent . Over that time it has served me through countless camping trips , backpacking excursions , and workouts . It has not leaked , cracked , or otherwise failed in any way . For two and a half decades and counting I have witnessed a parade of water bottles come and go ; some tout health benefits and many have appeared in different kinds of plastics and metals in all colors imaginable . And here I find my good old original Nalgene bottle still for sale , in exactly the same format as I bought it years ago . What makes this bottle so good ? * Lightweight - Tough to beat for weight vs. some metal bottles * BPA - Free - This is n't new , though . Nalgene HDPE -LRB- aka Type 2 plastic -RRB- bottles have been BPA free all along . * Taste - These bottles do a very good job of not transmitting odors to water . The only time I 've detected any taste in the water was when I drank stale weeks-old water that had been left in a hot car . -LRB- yes , I was too thirsty to care -RRB- * Leak free - The design of the cap and bottle opening make this as leak-free a bottle as you are going to find and it does it without o-rings or gaskets that can wear out or fail . * Quality - These bottles are well-made and thick walled . Mine has been to the highest and lowest points in the continental US , subjected to pressure , high heat and freezing temperatures , and dropped on rocks , dirt , and pavement . For 26 years . I have carried it by the blue plastic loop that keeps the lid captive and it has n't broken yet . * Small opening - Not a big deal this , but it does make it easy to drink out of . Not that wide-mouth bottles are a pain , but the narrow-mouth version makes it easier to drink without stopping if you are on a hike . The smaller opening does make it harder to clean the inside , though , so I use this one for water only.Yes , I love my water bottle . Over the course of years I have also acquired friends for it
 This is the second Nalgene water bottle I 've purchased . I much prefer the HDPE bottles to the brightly colored ones . These absorb less smells and tastes than the brightly colored ones . It 's also slightly flexible so that it does n't make that cracking sound when you bump it against something . You ca n't tell from the picture , but it is translucent enough to be able to tell how much liquid you have in it , even if the liquid is indeed just water .
 I 've been using these Nalgene HDPE narrow mouth bottles for several years now . They are so great , they have made me a Nalgene fan . I have several of the 16 oz bottles , so that I can always have one clean while the others are in the dishwasher or air-drying . Here 's what I like about them so much : PROS : Perfect size
 Just like most of Nalgene 's products , these bottles work great ! I have about 8 of them , which I fill to take my lunch beverages to work and to take drinks hiking or on the road . Fits in most car cupholders , can withstand boiling water , easy to clean with the wide mouth .
 These bottles were exactly what I was looking for . They are sturdy bottles . The loop will clip on ones belt . It is small enough to fit in a pocket . A Pint is a perfect size for a mile walk . The opening is big enough to put ice cubes to keep the water cold in this 110 degree heat .
 What can I say ? It 's a Nalgene . Superb quality . Reliable . It does not leak . Fits nicely in my pack . Well worth the cost .
 The bottle and cap are standard Nalgene quality but the blue graduated markings on the side has already started wearing off after a couple of dishwasher and hand-washing cycles . That is new with this bottle that has n't happened in the other half-dozen bottles I own .
 I would n't have liked the small size , but the person I bought it for needs the narrow body to fit in the backpack 's side pocket , and loves the ease of drinking from the small mouth .
 I got this only because I was looking for a good narrow mouth bottle that can handle a beating . I think this should last quite a few years , because it is incredibly durable . It 's inexpensive , holds a lot , and actually allows you to drink and walk at the same time . This is a great value for a water bottle , plus it 's BPA free . I use it every day , and for many to come .
 I had to order another bottle as the blue cap connector broke after 7 years of use . I use this bottle everyday to take to the gym , and it goes with me on any trip . My constant companion . It is handy , just the right size , healthy and easy to carry . You ca n't go wrong with this bottle .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 A smaller version of the very bright Pelican 4300 Nemo . Light output is not as great but smaller & more compact in size . Uses less or half the battery of the larger Pelican 4300 Nemo .
 The posters are a perfect size for home use . The excercises are great . The pictures are clear and easy to understand .
 this was a great product - especially for the price , and it goes great with our son 's room . unfortunately , it was missing one team - and had 2 of another teams pennant . we e-mailed the vendor for a replacement , but we never heard back .
 beautiful and comfortables , my husban was happy with this shoes , he is a Yankiee fan ...
 Took a bit longer than expected , but when the shoes did arrive they did not disappoint . Good quality and very comfortable , they look great too .
 We bought these for my daughter to start school . They are classic , cool and do n't cost a fortune . The conversion from men 's to women 's sizes was accurate . They hold up much better than knock-offs of the same style . Also Amazon makes things so easy , my mother wanted to get my daughter something to start school & did n't have time to shop . I went to my daughter 's wish list & because I have shopped Amazon for my mother before I had all her information . I was done in 3 minutes .
 Been wearing converse for years ; great shoes , came just as promised in the picture and description . Cheaper , even with the shipping expenses , then in the stores where you can find all black chucks . Shoes packaged very well ; shipping was ridiculously fast , had it in two days ; great amazon experience !
 I ordered these and when I got them they were everything I thought they would be . I love em !
 excellent !!! My daughter wanted red and we could n't find them anywhere , not even on the converse site . So we are real pleased with Amazon for finding them for us .
 Quick delivery and item was just as described . These are pretty hard to find so I was very happy to get these for my husband
 Very happy with these sneakers . Look great and feel comfortable . Want to buy another pair !!
 I enjoy them every time I wear them . Comfortable , sporty and hip enough so that my daughter 's friends actually listen to me .
 I 've bought these Converse shoes -LRB- both navy and white -RRB- for my son . They came on scheduled time . He liked them , wear every day .
 Sneakers were a gift for son-in-law . That 's the kind he likes . He 's happy .
 THE SHOES WERE A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR MY DAD . HE IS OLD SKOOL TO SAY THE LEAST . THE SHOES WERE LIKE PEOPLE BUYING THROWBACK JERSEYS . HE HAS NOT HAD ANY COMPLAINT ABOUT THE SHOES . TRUST ME THE SHOES HAVE GOT TO BE COMFORTABLE OR THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN RETUTNED INSTANTLY .
 These shoes are wonderful . The color is great and they arrived much quicker than I expected them to .
 I am not pleased with the fact that I returned the item & requested an exchange of a smaller size . Instead I was given a refund even after I filled out the exchange request . This was a gift for my daughter & she was disappointed that they refused to make the exchange .
 Awesome shoes ! They 're the classic lo top in a modern color . Fit great , feel great , and goes with most outfits .
 I wanted red converse sneakers and could only find them at this merchant online -- they were priced below $ 30 and arrived in less than three days looking just as described .
 I ordered these shoes for my son who is a Crossfit Trainer . He wears a size 13 shoe so this is what I ordered . When the shoes arrived they were at least 2 sizes too large . My son said that they measured at least a size 14/15 . I had to return them . So if you are ordered these remember that they run very large .
 Very Fast ! I had the item within 2 days of placing the order , color and size correct . I was very pleased with the service .
 I love my Converse Chucks ! glad a picked grey , goes with alot of stuff . I usually wear a 9 or 8 & half n my chucks fit fine :-RRB- happy with my purchase !
 Great with jeans , great for fun and sport but mostly a universal staple in ones wardrobe man or woman ! I would order them again and in every color of the rainbow . I am not thinking of the high tops and the other higher tie up ones .
 Wonderful sneakers ! They are comfortable and stylish . They run slightly large -LRB- I wear a size 7 shoe , so I ordered a 7 -RRB- . They are very roomie , but comfortable and I can wear thick socks with them if I need to .
 I bought it for my wife and she love them ... . they even come with extra red laces ... Everythin arrived on time and in perfect condition ... Thanks
 estoy feliz con la compra pues no conseguia numero grande en chile para mi esposo . ademas la entrega fue rapida
 Fast shipping . Thank You !! I bought these for my son . I may buy a 2nd pair . He normally wears a size 14 but in these I bought a 13 and they fit fine . He loves them .
 I 've been wearing Chuck Taylors since the mid-80 's but this is my first pair with a black outsole -LRB- all others have been the standard off white -RRB- . I went to a party over the weekend in a backyard that was very little grass , mostly dirt , and was able to just wipe off the outsole with a damp cloth . If I had gone in shoes with an off white outsole , they would have been trashed . I also like the fact that these seem just a litle more `` dressy '' than most canvas Chuck Taylors . Highly recommended .
 I ordered the `` Chuck Taylor '' Converse All Stars in Black , just because I think they go with almost everything . The packaging was fine and I had no issues with the product . It arrived before the projected date and looked exactly like the photo . The box did include two pairs of laces , both black and white . I 've been wearing Converse Chuck Taylors for years and needed to replace my pair that I 've worn out . I rotate my shoes , so they had just ran their course . I really enjoy these shoes , I like the look , the style -LRB- which is very classic -RRB- , and the comfort . These are the most recognized sneaker , ever . More people comment on these more than any other pair that I own . The only drawback is that they run large . Make sure when you order them , you order them to your true size . Other than that , I have had no issues . YMMV .
 Right out of the box I knew these were going to look awesome with casual clothes for work or fun -- Love the Navy color , the white laces are a stark contrast and complete the outfit.Enjoy wearing them !
 The shoes came earlier than expected , with the box nicely rapped and everything . I thought it would 've been alittle small but it was perfect , nice and clean
 This shoe is as to be expected strong and durable for my teenager - she loves it and I am very happy with this purchase
 I was skeptical about the comfort level of these shoes , given their seemingly flat design . I was wrong ! These shoes are very comfortable and supportive . I wear them all the time . Best casual sneaker ! Great price .
 Girlfriend loved them . Price was better then local area stores . She has other colors of the same shoe so they last a lifetime .
 Could not love them any more if I tried ! Perfect fit , perfect color , perfect delivery . I especially loved being able to get a half size , which is often hard to do with Converse .
 product received in good time and we liked it because it was requested by me to give away and use
 When I got the chucks I started to train capoeira and I felt like I was stylin and profilin wwwooooo
 a great shoe , buy a size below what you usually wear . comfy , durable and a great casual look with jeans .
 Because I live in the city , I do not have time or transportation to get items such as these . It was so convenient and I saved a little $ $ $ !
 I purchased these for work and they lasted FOREVER ! i basically wore them every day . I did finally have to throw them out because they got woren out and my feet started to get cold on the bottom from living in Minnesota , haha . But i would def buy these again !!!!!
 I bought this Converse sneaker in black . These All Star sneakers look stylish and good with any casual pants I own . I would have given the product 5 stars , EXCEPT , these shoes are like walking on bricks since they have no cushion in the soles for the heels . I understand they 're supposed to have the whole classic appeal ... but if you 're over 30 years old and try to rock a pair of Converse for an entire day , you may encounter some uncomfortable lower back pain . So 4 stars for fashion .
 I BOUGHT THESE FOR MYSELF . I LOVE THEM AND I WEAR THEM ALL THE TIME . I 'M 51 YEARS OLD SO YOU 'RE NEVER TOO OLD FOR THEM . THEY 'RE COMFY AND I WOULD N'T GIVE THEM UP FOR ANYTHING . MATTER OF FACT , I HOPE TO GET SOME RED ONES REAL SOON !!
 ... I 've been wearing Chuck Taylor 's -LRB- both in low and hi tops -RRB- for well over 30 years now . I remember when they were far , far cheaper than they are today , and the mainstay colors were much easier to find -LRB- i.e. , black , gray , canvas , blue and red -RRB- , but I do n't intend for this to be one of those `` in my day , you could go out to dinner and movie for a nickel '' type of reviews.The bottom line - these are great , comfortable shoes . I usually wear mine as they were originally intended - for use in the gym . Specifically , these are excellent , economical shoes to wear when doing certain weight-lifting/body-building routines such as deadlifts , squats and overhead presses -LRB- among the majority of my routines -RRB- . Perhaps the next best thing to doing those routines bare-footed -LRB- outside of the much more expensive Vibram Five Fingers KSO - Men 's -RRB- . Particularly when used only in the gym , these shoes last forever . Even when they are worn daily , out and about , they still hold up amazingly well . An absolute favorite of mine.Highly recommended .
 Came exactly as expected . Perfectly white and fit fine . It does get dirty easily but when wearing white shoes in NYC , that 's expected . I 'll probably buy again but in a different color . The only thing to note is that the racing stripe on the bottom is not blue , it was black .
 i ordered the traditional black converse just three days ago and i just got them in the mail today ! they came in my mailbox , from usps , and had the slim converse box . the shoes were in perfect condition and were the correct size and color that i ordered . very great service and impecable shipping speed . i definently will buy from this seller again and i highly recommend shopping with this seller ! : -RRB-
 Shoes are Great ! When you buy make your order for a smaller size . I ordered size 11 and they are plenty long enough . You should order at least 1/2 size smaller . Overall shoes are just like you 'd expect from Converse .
 These were a purchase for my 13 year old granddaughter . Although I have not physically seen them because they live in VA and I in MN , she tells me that they are just what she wanted . Pleased with the ease of this transaction and the speed in which they were shipped to her . Thank you .
 bought these for my wife ... she 's been wanting a pair of low-cut red chucks for a while . Ordered these for Christmas and they came quick with no issues .
 I 've been wearing Chuck Taylor 's since the varsity issued them in High School . I wear a half size -LRB- ca n't get them @ the mall -RRB- . Amazon had my size & color selection -LRB- this is the third pair I 've bought-I 'm still playing -RRB- . Everything else -LRB- convenience , getting the order right , getting them delivered quickly , etc. -RRB- was excellent . I 'll buy @ Amazon again .
 a highly recommended product that meets the expectations for what we buy and we are satisfied , so it was delivered on time and indicated that we received no news
 Love 'em and they arrived super fast ! They are very comfortable even though they 're chucks ! Definitely going to order them in more colors !
 These shoes are true to size , are authentic converse , are comfortable , and arrived on time and in the correct color . My only complaint about converse is that they are a bit too narrow . However you can find them at pretty much any shoe store so you can always try them on first before you buy them . I am happy about the price too -LRB- they were $ 10 more expensive at DSW than here on amazon -RRB- . They do n't offer much in terms of arch support , but overall I ca n't complain .
 On a recent visit , my daughter had lamented about the trouble that she was having finding Chuck Taylor Converse shoes in royal blue . She claimed that she and my father in law had been trying unsuccessfully for sometime to find the shoes . With my recent successes purchasing things on Amazon , I went in , found the shoes , ordered them , and before we were done with the conversation had them on their way.They arrived within the week , and she is happy , which makes me happy .
 I love converse , they are the most comfortable shoes.Its been one year I am using them -LRB- very rough -RRB- still goinggood just started looking bit worn out but that gives it more awesome look
 The all black look is great and slim so it works well with the back in style skinny jeans look for guys . Not the best arch support though so be wary of that . The shoes came quickly and although it seemed like they had been tried on -LRB- dust or animal hair on the bottom -RRB- it did n't seem as though they were worn outside or anything beyond being sampled as most shoes in any store would encounter if not purchased .
 converse are always great for outdoors . Perfect for people who break dance and also for style . First wear is not the best because it hurts your feet but after a month or so it will be comfortable . The only thing I dont like is because it is not water proof so if it rains then your feet gets wet no matter and its hard to slip shoes on like other athletic shoes .
 i 've own chuck taylor almost all of my life , and they are still growing strong , they 're back in style , and in all colors , thank you .
 great product , just as advertised . The item was purchased at a good price and the shipping was fast . I would purchase from this person again . they come highly recommended.thanksusm1975black
 Was bought as a Christmas Gift . He enjoys them because of the material your feet can breathe much better .
 My 23 y/o son asked for these for Christmas and he was ESCATIC ! He loves them so I guess this would be a positive review ! Shipping was fast and came in great condition .
 These shoes were shipped quickly , and were exactly as described . My son is thrilled with them . Thanks !
 Chucks rock ! Got these to match with my 2 and 4 year old boys . They love when we all put our chucks on together . These never go out of style .
 Bought item for my bro ... so all i can say is delivery was on time ... Thank You !
 Converse All Stars , a classic . Love them . They 're very comfortable and they 're perfect for a night at the movies or just hanging out with the guys.Obviously they do not have much support or cushion -LRB- and I was n't expecting any -RRB- . If I was going to be on my feet all day or doing something real active this is not the shoe I would choose.Tilly 's service was fantastic . I could n't be more pleased .
 This is my first pair of Chucks , and I have to say that I am absolutely in love with them . A good looking , comfortable , light shoe that goes with everything - what more could you want ?
 Having a wide foot they fit a little on the narrow side - I kept them knowing that canvas will probably stretch without to much problem . Also my shoes make a slight hollow sound from one of the baby toe tips ; I 'm assuming with time that too will abate .
 Outstanding shoes ! Just like I remembered from high school years ago . I was glad to see them make a comeback and the price is great too .
 Talk about an old reliable . Takes a licking and keeps on ticking.Converse ALL Stars are tough and have put up to the test of time.May not be the most comfortable pairs of sneakers I own . But they are great for everyday use.Highly recommend them .
 I got a pair for myself and absolutely loved them . They are comfortable and versatile . My husband liked them , too , and wanted a pair for himself . So now we have a pair of matching shoes that we each enjoy . They were delivered in a timely manner -LRB- both times -RRB- ... I recommend these shoes and this seller .
 I have n't worn converse for years ! I forgot how wonderful they felt and how much fun it is to wear them . I 'm a stay at home mom and want to get `` dressed to shoes '' every morning in some lace up shoes . I do n't really like the look of white athletic type shoes unless I 'm exercising . I love my new converse shoes !
 I was extremely satisfied . The shipping was BEYOND fast ! I got my shoes the next day.My husband has some old blue ones and I wanted to get him ones in black . I checked for his shoe size for Chuck 's -LRB- since they tend to be a size or a size and a half longer then the normal shoe size -RRB- .
 In nostalgic moment , I decided I needed some Chucks . As a teen I wanted red ones but never got any , so now at 55 , I said what the heck . They are as lightweight and comfortable as I remember . A great buy .
 These things are timeless . Their image is undeniable . My only complaint is that they are kind of thin and flat ; if you 're looking for cushy comfort shoes , they are n't for you .
 I bought these shoes a few years ago for walking around , but did n't wear them much because of how uncomfortable they are for long walks and/or running.However , I 've found that these shoes make excellent and inexpensive shoes for weight lifting , especially during squats , as well as for heavy bag work when boxing . These shoes have very little cushioning other than the hard rubber soles , but this gives you an excellent and stable plant so that your can perform squats with much better traction and balance than in heavily cushioned running shoes.The material of the outsole , the bottom of the shoe , is such that it gives you traction when you need it , can be easily avoided when you do n't . My feet are squarely planted for squats , lunges , and heavy lifting - they do n't slide . They plant well , and I get good form.However , when I 'm doing heavy bag work , they are extremely easy to pivot in and let me easily pivot my feet and hips to delivery quick and strong punches and round house kicks to heavy bags - a much better feeling than even going barefoot , unless I were to use a lot of talcum powder on my feet .
 Oh these are lovely . The colour is just one of a kind . Thoroughly enjoying them . i think I will buy another pair as at the rate that I am wearing them , they might not lat long ...
 What can be said about a pair of canvas tennis shoes ? They fit , the laces tie , I wear them .
 I love shoes ... I couldnt wait to get these ... I had them in a few days and their great . I even got a pair for my son . I recomend the shoes and Amazon !!
 These are my favorite shoes ! These shoes really pair great with any outfit you are wearing . Also , a very conformable wear .
 I 've been wearing Chuck 's since I was a kid ... still wearing them ... I 'm in my 40 's now . Great tennis shoe ... tons of colors ... I have 4 pairs.A Classic !!
 My only probelm with these shoes are that they are not comfortable at all . do buy some type of inserts . .
 I bought these shoes for my daughter a few months ago because we could not find them at the store . It was well worth the risk of buying them the wrong size because they are exactly what she was looking for . They do n't look cheap , they 're not noticeably dirty even when they are , and for a girl mostly importantly , is that they match just about any outfit . We ca n't find anything negative to say about these shoes .
 love these shoes . no trouble with purchase . fit just perfect . love these shoes . love this brand . love this color . love
 My cons were cheaper than getting them in the store and are my first pair . I love them they wo n't be my last . The people I ordered from through amazon sent me a shipping confirmation and on the confirmation it said it was a different shoe , but when I got them they were the ones I ordered from amazon so no harm done .
 I LOVE THESE CONVERSE ! THEY ARE CLASSIC , COULD N'T FIND THEM ANYWHERE ELSE . THEY 'VE RECEIVED MANY COMPLIMENTS !
 They had the right variety and a low price . It was a timely delivery , just what I ordered .
 Although the shoes were exactly what I wanted , I think the price is considerably high for canvas-topped shoes .
 nice and confort but bigger than real size.maybe is because they are men shoes.anyway , they were enough confortable to use in daily life .
 This was the best price I could find for this shoe anywhere . Was shipped quickly . I am very satisfied with this vendor .
 Quick shipping , and no problems at all . They have all the colors so you can mix and match
 I normally wear a size 10 in womens , but these are sort of big . I wish I saw the reviews before I bought them . I would have gone down a size . I definately suggest you go do that before you commit to a purchace with these shoes . They got here super fast , I was wearing them two days later !! Thank you so much .
 Oh man I 'd forgotten how easy these are to wear ! Make sure and get 1 size smaller , they do run big no matter what they say at the shoe store . A classic that never goes out of style . I had n't had a pair in years and these are rapidly becoming my `` go to '' pair of shoes.PLUS THEY 'RE JUST PLAIN COOL !!
 Product was just as advertised . Only concern was that I did not receive a tracking number so I had no idea when exactly it would arrive . Other than that , great seller = -RRB-
 How can you go wrong with traditional Chuck 's ? I 've got several pairs and wear them everywhere from weddings , to school , work and shopping . Jeans and shorts .
 I bought the shoes for my little sister as a gift . She was delighted . She says the shoes are very confortable and can wear different styles . Nice confection and they were sent ontime . From my side , no complains .
 If your lady has any sort of style and loves the color green , get here these shoes . My wife works in the restaurant buiz as a server and wore these shoes every night for over a year at work . She received so many complements on her shoes . They are really a rare style / color to see . Plus they are CHUCK T 'S . They last . Get em ' , rock em ' , love em ' .
 Came on time ! I love these sneakers i wear these and the blue ones all the time . They look great .
 I 've been looking for red chucks for a while now . I love these !! I would recommend getting a half size to a full size smaller though , they run quite large .
 I bought these Chuck 's for my daughter and they were a perfect fit . The turnaround time was excellent ! I will continue to purchase from this vendor : -RRB-
 I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them . They were a very good price and I will probably buy more .
 I purchased these shoes for my boyfriend because we could n't find any large enough for his feet in stores . He loves them and wears them all the time ! The only thing I might change about my purchase is the shipping . We had to have them by a specific date and yes they were here on time , it was nerve racking wondering if the standard ship would be sufficient . Overall excellent purchase !
 a few minutes at the computer with teenager , a couple of days latter = happiness ! Thank you ,
 This shoes are legendary , not really too much to say about them . You know it , I know it , . . They 're back , more than ever . . get yours now . Confy as the most expensive snickers out there .
 Converse are great for your feet . They contain little padding , so you maintain a natural walking motion . Its basically one step above being barefoot . I actually use them to weight train . They are also very stylish . Who does n't love converse ?
 I buy a new pair of these shoes every year for christmas for my wife , she seems to go through them pretty fast and i love that i can buy them off amazon in half sizes .
 Normal chucks ... awesome as always . I 've worn them for the past 2 years . They 're looking a little worn now , time to buy another pair . : -RRB-
 ca n't ever go wrong with a pair of chucks ! they always say go a half a size down , but in my boyfriends case he had to go a full size down , and me i 'm safe with going half a size down . . so it definitly varys
 Converse All Star are made to feel comfortable , this kind of shoes is never out of fashion , with jeans or shorts , wit t-shirts or shirts , once you wear a pair you will wish to have all of them .
 These were a perfect fit for my girl , she was excited to see them under the tree . She loves them and the were shipped very quickly .
 From the past to the present Converses have always been in style . These classic shoes are all over America today . Why are they so popular ? Probably because they 've stayed the same over the years . Any type of person can wear these trendy shoes , and a good thing is , they last incredibly long . I recommend these shoes to babies all the way up to adults !
 The shoes looks good and are well made , I know how young people like to stay in style and they arrived well in the time frame given .
 I looove these shoes . They are supper comfy and match with pretty much anything . You can get cheaper rip off ones at target or payless but they have ugly childish disgnes on them and get damaged allot easier .
 I love them in every color !! :-RRB- The shoes are simple and perfect ! I have worn them for many years and I will continue to do so ! I highly recommend these !
 My classmates would show up to school with red , green , white , and black , and numerous other color schemed Converse , and wear them all day , every day ... even during P.E. -LRB- now THAT tells you something -RRB- . Their conversations would be full of `` Are you getting new low tops or high tops ? They 're on sale today ! '' or `` Cute Converse !!! '' . I 'd smile and wave them on . Converse ... REALLY ? What in the world is so great about Converse?I used to see Converse as unneccessary , too common , and not worth the money . Boy , was I wrong ! I recently purchased my first pair of Converse over Spring Break . The first thing I said when I wore them for the first time was `` WOW , ARE THESE LIGHT !!!! '' They are extremely comfy and can go with almost any outfit ! And , while the stylishness of Converse may be an opinionated topic for some , I think these are the cutest shoes in the world . No wonder so many people love them . I can say with confidence that these will not be my only pair ;-RRB- So , with that in mind , if you do not own a pair of Converse , check them out . You 'll be glad you did . Believe me .
 I had the experience of having to exchange these shoes . It was fairly simple and I had no issues . I ordered them as a Christmas present for my daughter . They arrived fairly quickly in the mail . Though we ordered her normal size , they were about 1/2 size too large . So I followed the online instructions and sent them back for an exchange . I received a replacement in just a little over a week . I was impressed with the quick turnaround . The only drawback is that I had to pay to ship them back and also include a check for $ 7.99 to cover shipping of the new shoes .
 I 've been shopping around for a good pair of Converse for a while , thinking that I could find them for under $ 20.00 if I looked hard enough . My last pair , which I bought three years ago , was $ 20 , and I thought surely I could find more for less than the $ 35-45 price tag I was seeing . Stupid inflation.I finally bought these when I realized if I was going to get a new pair , I had to cough up the extra dough . I 'm really glad I did . I wore the last pair all the time , and though they 're still comfortable and I 'm far too attached to them to throw them away , they have holes in the leather and in the sole , and they smell something foul when it rains . I have no doubt that these canvas Converse Chuck 's will last just as long and be just as comfortable , and my first few wears makes me confident that I 'm right . My last pair was leather , but the same shoe style , so I do n't know if the fabric of these will stretch . I do know that the leather ones never did , it only got a little less structured after three years of wear.What I like :1 . These are meant to wear as regular sneakers , so while you do n't want to go on a run with them , they are just as comfortable if you 're going on a long walk . There 's no chafing on the heel no matter how far I go , and the support means they 're not going to destroy your lower back if you find yourself walking or standing all day .2 . For me , at least , they fit true to size . I have wide feet , but the design of the shoe means I can lace them tighter or looser and not worry about them cutting into my circulation or falling off .3 . I got the navy blue ones , and the color is exactly what you see in the product picture . It 's vibrant , but not bright , and well-dyed and even-toned . As for dislikes , well ... there 's nothing I dislike about Converse , so you 're asking the wrong person if you 're looking for complaints . All Converse I 've ever owned are comfortable and simple , and I think it 's what the brand does best .
 Great product , bought them as a gift for my girlfriend and she could n't have been happier . Great shoes , very quick deliver , no problems .
 Got the shoes really fast , however they did n't fit . Called the number got the information to verify they had the one I wanted in my size . Returned and got the replacement even faster than the original order . Excellent service . Will definately shop here again .
 Red chucks was all my 17 year old wanted for Christmas . We did n't thinkthey would make it in time . The did and my childs face was priceless!Thank you .
 With Christmas looming , I ordered these blue Converse Lo Tops . They arrived immediately ! Crisp , new and perfect fit for my daughter.The extra pair of navy shoelaces arrived two weeks later , separately . No problem , we all had a good laugh over the arrival of onepair of shoelaces , amidst all the flurry of Christmas packages . Thank you !
 I get so many compliments on my chuck taylors ' they bring back the good old days and so comfortable !! I wore these when I was a kid !!
 I find it hard to get chuck taylors in size 12 in stores around my area . It was nice to see they had them here on amazon in a mulitple of styles at great prices . The shipping was faster than I could of imagined and I plan to order future products from this provider .
 The shoes arrived in perfect condition , true to size -LRB- 10.5 -RRB- fabulous bright red color , not a problem at all . Would definitley do business with the seller again . Thank you !
 daughter loves these shoes for school . fast shipment with no issues . will buy again from this seller .
 We have an adopted daughter that lives in Spain . We purchased these Converse shoes for her . When she visited us in Canada she was looking for a pair of black converse . At the moment that my husband and I saw them we purchased and sent to her immediately . She has been such a pleasure in our lives and a `` Big Sister '' to our daughter . We have heard from her since she has received them and she loves them.As for service from Amazon and Last Pairs , very prompt and professional . Thank you for making Olga 's `` special gift '' a memory for all of us .
 This is the second Converse Low Top I bought this week because of sizing error -LRB- my fault -RRB- . I ordered a size 10 in Mens the first time because I 'm a legit size 10.5 Mens in every other shoe I wear . The shoes were received quickly by mail and the quality is great . When I tried them on , I had a good amount of space inside the shoes to move my toes which was too much for me . These size 9.5 shoes are a perfect fit . The sellers advice is spot on about sizing . Order 1 size down from your usual shoe size if you want a good fit . Other than that , these shoes are great for casual walking and weight training . I use them for dead lifting and squatting . Definitely recommend these shoes to anyone !
 I had a pair of Converse Chuck Taylor High tops that I used to wear all of the time . After about 4 years I wore them out and into the ground . I decided I want to buy some low tops to replace it so I can wear it with some shorts . They came as described and even with an extra pair of red laces .
 I had to buy several Converse All-Star shoes for my newly formed basketball league . The wife recommended buying them at the German retail giant Kohl 's . She wanted to use the 30 % off coupon . But for some reason them Germans do n't want to carry the in-between shoe sizes for those rare instances of humans that fit somewhere in the middle of 10 and 11 . Thanks to the a seller on the Amazon Marketplace , I was able to get a pair at a comparable price that was shipped merely a day later after ordering ! Yay to my new league getting to finally play their first game !
 Like blue jeans and pocket T-shirts , Chucks will never go out of style . Instantly comfortable , there is n't the `` break in '' period you have with most shoes . These are simply the greatest casual shoe of all time .
 This pair is as good as described but i have to return it because i dont use shoes with laces and picture was not very clear . Return policy and customer service is top rated .
 I always liked Converse and they are the same , great shoe they have always been . If you have n't ever had a pair , get some ! They are very basic , no lumpy arch supports that drive me crazy , and they come in every color you can think of . In my opinion , they are pretty fashionable . :-RRB- Enjoy !
 These shoes are the best things I Bought on amazon . I recomeend this product who wants the real converse . I love them and now i wear them everyday and everywhere i go !!! I cant wait till i buy or get my next pair !!
 Bought these for Christmas for my 13 year old daughter and they were a huge hit .
 My daughter loved the shoes . They are good quality and reasonable price . The vendor sent the shoes on time . My daughter says they are `` very cool ''
 I love these shoes . They are not true `` athletic '' shoes and work really well in my casual work environment without looking too casual and clunky . I am a woman and still want to maintain some sense of style without sacrificing comfort . These shoes do it for me .
 I have bought these shows for maybe 40 years , I always loved them , and bought this pair for my daughter . She loves them , good to see a longlasting long loved product withstand the test of time .
 After seeing the popularity of this shoe , I decided to test it out myself and I am impressed . Although its not too comfortable , they hug your feet and do n't slip off even when loose , which is exactly what I was aiming for .
 Got these for our 15 year old son . He wears them with a pair of dark rinse skinny levi jeans , leather studded punk belt and a tee . Got ta have these shoes to get that `` rocker '' look . Only con about the shoe is that within a couple of weeks , one of the metal eyelets -LRB- for ventilation -RRB- on the side of the shoe fell off . However , the insole is thicker and cushiony compared to other cheaper knockoffs , like at Walmart . Anyhow , our son loves them and would give a 5 star rating , but I gave a 4 star rating for quality .
 A little confusing because the site clearly says Mens / Women 's but the emails from the store refers to kid sizes ... so I was nervous about not getting the correct size but all worked out GREAT !!!!! I would definitely recommend !! ''
 Thank you so much for your prompt arrival !! These were purchased as a gift to my best mate and the godfather to my daughter as he is a bit addicted to shoes ! He absolutley loved them and put them on straight away ! He found that the added spare pair of red laces was an added bonus ! The size was perfect and the description exactly as advertised!Thank you again for your quick service and quality product !
 As i was leaving feedback i accidently pressed the no answer instead of the yes answer . i just wanted to correct that and say that the sneakers were brand new and shipped on time
 This purchase was very good choice , since they are an excellent pair of shoes , very comfortable , a good choice for day to day . Additionally , the shipping and delivery was prompt and the product was in perfect condition .
 There are certain brands that I , and most people I know , can always depend on to deliver a good product ... Levis , Lee 's , Fossil , Red Wing , Nike , etc. ... Converse is definitely in that group of brands ... AND , that 's just one thing that 's great about Converse ... Another is thing that I love about Converse is hoe much I love ... Yes love ... their initiative to take their shoes and make a big STEP further with the wonderful fun and creative styles and designs they now do with them ! It 's great that one can even go on their site and do their own custom artwork to bring out one 's own style personality ! Now that 's innovative and being in touch with customers!I remember back in the 70s when I was a tween that they were about mainly basketball before they took off as everyday comfortable footwear ... As it moved more to that I saw a lot of designs and artwork starting to appear on the canvas shoes ... Ya ' know 70 's stuff like peace signs , and flowers , and rainbows in psychedelic neon colors ... Ha!I 'm sure some saw it as graffiti or , like when the style trend was to get jeans to have that really worn look ... To the extent that some took scissors to their brand new jeans and cut holes in the knees ... Funny really . . But it was fun and that 's why fashion and trends are fun because individual style and personality can be expressed to the world without saying a word ! It wouldnt surprise me at all to find out that now they are employed by Converse to develop and design the more whimsical shoes that make for `` Happy Feet '' indeed!Anyway , Kudos to Converse for really getting that and making a good shoe that also has pazzazzzz ! Also , as far as the transaction of my purchase at Amazon.com for these ... It was the same as the many many other purchases I 've had before ... On Amazon I know I 'll find what I 'm shopping for ... At a better price than out and about the malls and shops ... And , if I pay attention and use all of the benefits and promotions they provide to help with cost ... I truly end up on the bargain end of my consumerism ... So , let 's see ... I 've gone way past 20 words now ... Let 's just say I thought it said 200 not 20 ! Ha !!
 If you did n't already know , make sure you order 1/2 a size smaller then you normally would when ordering Converse.Love these shoes .
 Shoes arrived in wonderful shape ; packaged well ; exactly what I ordered.However , we ordered the wrong size . Return went well ; advised my account would be credited for purchase price only ; but there was no stock available nor could they tell me when they would receive more in the size we needed . If you need a specific size , order it ASAP .
 For all of those people who would rather pet the animals than wear them , these are the shoes for you ! Converse has been making `` Chuck Taylor 's '' longer than I have been alive and not one animal has lost it 's life to make them ! The only downside to Converse is that they are not the most comfy shoe , however , a insole insert fits rather nicely into them and then your good to go .
 NOTHING CAN EVER TAKE THE PLACE OF A TRIED & TRUE PAIR OF CHUCK TAYLOR ALL-STARS . -LRB- WE CALLED THEM BO-BOS IN THE 70 'S -RRB-
 Chucks are the perfect shoe . They came quickly and it was easy . The shoes fit perfect and they 've been great !
 thanks for this excellent product i using my convert in many times , . i have 3. : -RRB-
 the shoes were perfect and came right on time . however , the very first time i wore them , they got scuffed by a tricky curb . i wish you could have installed some kind of invisable force field around them so that they would stay so white . you really need to work on that .
 I got the shoes really quickly . They were very well priced . They arrived pretty quickly in the mail , although I wish they had arrived slightly quicker .
 Very nice looking shoe and very comfortable !! You can wear them all day and no problems.I bought them for my daughter and she loves them .
 Could n't find the right size at the store so looked for it at Amazon , then found it and purchased here . Everything was perfect . My daughter loved this shoes , and delivery was done as expected .
 My daughter and I loved these shoes so much , she wanted a pair . She loves these more than the high top version she got previously . They are great shoe and versatile . I used to wear converse style shoes all the time when I was in high school , so it was fun to get another pair again . They fit comfortable , and felt true to size to me . Although a lot of people are saying they are not true to size . Because of that , my daughter and I bought the wrong sizes twice . So it confuses me why so many people are saying the sizing is off . So I am throwing my two cents in for that reason.My feet are about a 7 -LRB- one foot is a little longer than the other -RRB- and normal width . I 'm not overweight nor extremely thin . I ordered the womens 7 / mens 5 and they feel just right . My daughter also ordered the size most closest to her foot size and she said they fit better than the other two pair we tried to over/under compensate with . Good luck !
 I love these shoes . They 're fun and comfy to wear . I wore them all over Europe recently . They make me feel young and hip !
 The Chuck Taylor converse I ordered from AMAZON meet all my expectations.It is comfortable on my feet and i wear it everyday .
 I ordered these sneakers for my cousin . He loves them ! Great pair of basic sneakers that blends well with any outfit . Great decision , rather than over priced sneakers !
 These are my 4th pair of chucks and I love them . I know exactly what I 'm getting and I do n't have to try them on . I normally wear a 8.5 in womens , but I order a 6 in mens when I buy chucks . It took almost a week from when I placed my order to receive the shipping notice , but the shoes arrived 2 days after I got the email . Just wish they got here sooner !
 Took the advice of other reviews of this product and ordered a half-size under my usual shoe size . Perfect fit .
 Exactly as advertised the famous Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Sneaker is a great buy ! Looks great , fits great and is super comfortable . I highly recommend it !
 I love these converse so much . They run about 1/2 size too big , which is fine for me , but overall these are my favorite pair of shoes that I own .
 Bought for my daughter . She loves the fit and they look very cute on . She is very trendy so these fit the bill nicely .
 I bought these as a gift for my son . The sizing was spot on . He loves them . They are apparently very popular nowadays !
 There 's not much to say about this shoe that you do n't already know . These things last forever , while looking great and only getting more comfortable as their life goes on .
 Converse chuck Taylor lo top awesome and extremely fast shipper fit perfect what more can one sat they are a classic
 im in love with chucks.i love black and these are my fav , i match them with everything and they always feel comfortable.i cant wear them a lot on the summer cus they burn my feet but other than that , nothing better than my chucks
 MY GRANDSON ORDERED THESE FOR HIS CHRISTMAS GIFT AND WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THEM . THEY WERE THE PERFECT FIT AND VERY COMFORTABLE FOR HIM .
 very good product I recommend it to everyone I came perfectly and has no sign of damage apart is very good product !
 These are my 4th pair of Converse , the shoes are comfortable , affordable and a classic ! I already have them in black , navy blue and graffiti , so I decided to get a color more on the girly side so my friends stop saying `` are you into the emo thing now ? '' , that did n't work , but I have a new pair of low tops that I totally adore !! The shipping with lasership was incredibly fast I ordered on sunday with Free Shipping and got them Wednesday !!
 The tennis shoes arrived quickly . They fit , as always and arte a great value
 I received this order all the way from California to West Virginia in THREE DAYS . . the shoes are great and I highly recommend this company !
 These were exactly what I expected . They are very comfortable , however , beware there is little arch support . Therefore they not be as good for long walking or running , but othewise are very comfortable . Also I got them for summer wear with shorts . I figured the black would go with most items . Also they will be cooler than the Chuck Taylor high tops for spring and summer . The order was received on time and as expected . The price through Amazon was very good when taking into account the shipping charges . Also I was only to able to find the size I wanted through Amazon.com .
 this is my first time buying from amazon and it was a great experience . with 3-5 day shipping they came in 3 days . the shoes are great of course . this is my third pair of converse so i knew what to expect . they were in perfect condition when i received them . definitely do n't hesitate to buy !
 I am very satisfied with my recent Amazon purchase . My All Stars came significantly earlier than the prospected delivery date ! I am extremely satisfied with the seller ! Thank you Amazon !
 These shoes fit me just fine . Of course I had to buy it one size down which is typical for converse shoes , but otherwise I have nothing to complain about .
 Sweeet ! ... my boy is flipping over these . He wants to wear them everywhere - I drew the line at church .
 The shoes arrived quickly , size was correct and shoes were exactly what we needed ! Price was lower than any of the local vendors ! Thanks !
 I 'm a converse wearing kind of girl , And these are my favorite by far ! I have roughly about 10 pairs of converse they are the only shoes I wear . They we 're affordable and so comfortable ! Great buy !
 An Excelent choice . They are very good for everyday use . Accesible price . I am very satisfied and I recommend it .
 As the title says , I believe this is an essential purchase for any man . They 're comfortable , light , and good looking . The flat sole is great for extended walking and sports -LRB- specially weight lifting in my case -RRB- . I like how they look and make my feet look slim as well . Heheh . Combined with my other clothing , I like how they help make everything seem that much `` tighter '' . These are just a must have : -RRB-
 VERY fast shipping . I bought shoes as a gift and was sure that they would n't be delivered in time , but they made with days to spare ! And the shoes looked lovely . Thanks so much ! : -RRB-
 I ordered these for my now husband to wear for our wedding ! They looked great and fit perfectly ! Also , props to LastPairs for being the only seller with a men 's size 13 ! That was a relief ! Thanks !
 I like black sneakers best because you can pull them off going to casual social things like neighborhood parties , cookouts , etc. and they dont look dumpy.these are comforatable and break in nicely .
 buen articulo llego a la fecha sin ning&uacute;n problema 100 % confiable el vendedor , operacion realizada sin ningun tipo de incoveniente el producto llena mi perspectiva
 This product speaks for itself . These are very nice casual shoes and a rugged . It 's great and is very comfortable and easy to put on .
 Shoes came in on time and they are a perfect fit ! I bought them in size 7 although I usually wear a size 7.5 so they do run a little long . Otherwise , I love my converse !
 I 'm wearing these bad boys right now . These sneakers have a sexy look to them , and you ca n't go wrong with classic chucks at this price . Buy them ! Every one should have black and white sneakers in their collection . They feel great , and I have n't had any problems with them yet . This is well worth the purchase . : - -RRB-
 I just picked these up for my uniform working at A&F , and I got ta say there 's a reason they 'll never go out of style . These shoes are damn fine , and they 're the only thing I own that 'll really fit my flat feet . My roommate/coworker gets a lot of use out of them , too .
 I love converse SO much . i wore my old ones until they had holes in them and were falling apart . i just got these and of course I LOVE THEM . they are 100 % REAL AUTHENTIC converse . the shipping was extremely fast , and very safely packaged :-RRB- thank you so much
 I ordered these shoes and received them in LESS than 24 hours . I had ordered them first from Trendi USA and after 5 days they had not even shipped them yet so I cancelled and bought these from GamedaySoles and received them the next day . So I would suggest always making sure it says , Order Fulfilled by Amazon.The shoes do run a little big so I should have ordered them a 1/2 size smaller but it 's not enough to return them . Just keep that in mind before you order.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Shoes -LRB- M9166 -RRB- Low top in Black
 I ordered these shoes for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them . They look great and are true to size . He said he wishes these shoes had more arch support because he has to wear insoles , but that is typical of this particular shoe .
 awesome shoes . what can i say . look great with pants , jeans , khakis . whatever . versatile , durable , sylish . you wo n't regret this purchase . maybe run a half size bigger than my size . but it 's iffy .
 Bought these for weight lifting , but find myself wearing them everywhere . What 's not to love about a pair of Chucks ? An American classic .
 These shoes are as soft and black as my heart is . Much more comfortable and sexy than hi tops IMHO . They 'll make your feet smell , though .
 just an FYI - these things wear a size smaller than what you normally wear -LRB- i.e. i wear a 9M and ordered an 8M that fit perfectly -RRB-
 I love my new shoes . They are perfect for CrossFitting since they are flat . Perfect for squats . Thank you !!!
 I have a very picky daughter when it comes to clothing ... We went all over the place looking for some new shoes for school ... She could n't find anything that she liked so when I got home I gave her Amazon.com and had her look here ... . She quickly picked these shoes and I ordered them ... . They arrived three days later and she loves them ... Not one complaint !
 I purchased 2 pair of Converse Chuck Taylor tennis shoes for my granddaughter 's Christmas gift . They were delivered before the projected date and were exactly what the girls wanted . I will not hesitate to order from them again .
 These are the most comfortable shoes I 've had in a very long while , and they fit like a glove ! I have n't owned a pair of converse in well over 3 years , and I 'm so happy I decided to buy a new pair . Will definitely keep buying from all-star for a long time to come .
 My daughter loves converse so the fact that it fit her witout us having to return or try on in the store was a plus - it arrived on time
 My husband is an almost exclusive low top Converse wearer . He has been wanting a pair of TRUE red not TOMATO colored chucks . These are a true tradition red and he loves them !!! Great price , better than any I have found in stores and they fit like a dream . Highly recommend these !!!
 The quality of this products is very nice , the item is original , not is copy . The color is great and it is new item.The time to travel and bla bla is accepted
 You cant go wrong with Chucks . I have been wearing them for the passed year out here in Afghanistan . They hold up nicely in the rough terrain and keep my feet cool during the summer months when the temperature reaches 130 F degrees . When I am back in the states , I wear pencil skirts and pumps to the office but I will never outgrow Chucks . I wear them on the weekends during coffee runs or for grocery shopping .
 I purchased some Converse Mens Chuck Taylor Sneaker from another store because they had some specials going on and I also had some coupons so I purchased them in the size I have always worn , size 9 . Then I try them and wow way too big , felt like a clown at the gym : -RRB- I can fit a whole finger in the back of the shoe with my foot in it . Anyway I did some research here on Amazon and bought pair from Amazon , a size 8 and wow !!! I ca n't believe it Perfect fit , I was about to buy half size smaller but I went with the whole one size smaller instead and I 'll say it again PERFECT FIT : -RRB- Buy one size smaller , quality is amazing
 I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved . It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily , are confortables , the color is durable . Their friends have liked it . I recommend it
 I 've always been sceptical when buying any clothing and footwear online . I 've always wanted a pair of Chuck 's . Got these , tried them on and I love them !
 Basically just got what I ordered . Thanks for the deal ! The size and shoe were both correct and they were brand new .
 That 's a product with a long tradition in market and I just was replacing my old sneakers . Coverse really rules .
 These were my first converse , and I was a bit hesitant to buy a pair online , so I went to Khols and tried on a pair there to find the correct size . I bought the Black Monochrome , and they are stylish and comfortable . And look great ! I have had several compliments on them in the first week or so . A great buy !
 Bought as a Christmas gift for my son ... he has n't seen them yet but the overall service dealing with Amazon is always great & the shoes look pretty awesome , I think he will love them
 estos zapatos son realmente bellos y comodos ... la flexibilidad , adicionalmente el envio fue realmente rapido y seguro.recomiendo ampliamente la compra de este producto.muchas gracias
 Did exactly what I thought they would . Which is , be shoes . I am still wearing them and probably will continue to wear them for some time .
 I wear a size 9 to 10 and these fit the best . I love how I was able to find the half size on here . A very sexy chuck . I wear to work and also out
 This shoe was true to size and a perfect shoe ! The color is the best red ! Ca n't go wrong with a Chuck Taylor !
 Exactly what I was looking for . Quick with no hassles . Beats gas , time and crowds that are experienced when going to a brick and mortar store .
 I love Converse and this is my ninth pair . Not of the shoe of the same color though . I 'm fairly meticulous about taking care of my shoes so all of the ones I own -LRB- some for more than 5 years ! -RRB- still look brand new with moderate wear . They 're comfartable , durable , versatile , and flat out cool . Go buy them if you 've never owned a pair !
 Love my chucks . This is my second pair . The blue goes with everything . I teach preschool and they are comfortable and fun to wear to work .
 I love my Converse shoes . I know my size and I know that they will fit . Needless to say , when the shoes arrived they were in great condition ! They fit . No problems and no need for a return or exchange .
 I bought them as a present for my boyfriend and he could n't be happier . The color is vibrant and full of life ! Also , converse are great shoes .
 I have been wearing Chucks since I came out of the womb . I 've been through many pairs , and after I decided to retire my old black ones due to a blown out heel I wanted to go with something new . The white is really an eye catching color , and more subdued in person than some of the pictures out there . BE WARNED , Chucks are about a size bigger than your actual shoe size . For example I wear a size 7 in women 's , which would be a size 5 in Chucks , but these are really too big so I went with the size 4 . I find the white adds some contrast , especially if you wear dark colors like I do .
 I felt that my karma would be bad if I did n't take a moment to describe my experience in dealing with GrandSlamNY . I purchased a pair of Converse All Star 's for my girlfriend for Christmas . I got the size she asked for -LRB- even took into account the additional information supplied on the site about how the size of this particular shoe runs about a size big . When they arrived they were too big ! I THEN checked the return policy and saw that the period had expired -LRB- I partied hard during the holidays and the shoes were returned close to 4 weeks after purchase . I sent an email to the owner of the store and he told me to send them back for exchange . I did so and received the new pair 4 days after mailing the incorrect pair back to him . I will do business with them again because , on top of everything , for the size I needed , GrandSlam had the lowest price . Good lookin , David .
 Great ! Large size 16 , cheap , comfortable and my fiance will look great wearing these shoes at our wedding . Thank you !
 excelente . . !! los recomiendo !! compra segura y a tiempo . ! saludos desde ecuador ! los zapatos llegaron a mi pais sin ninguna novedad . . !!
 This shoe is exactly what my son wanted . The quality much better than cheaper versions . This is the real converse shoe
 These shoes are a classic and are very comfortable , but , you have to be careful or they will rip . mine ripped in the first month
 If you buy a Chuck Taylor , you know want you want , they are the classics , fits right usually I use 71/2 but in this case the 8 size fits better , most comfortable .
 Folks , what more we can say about converse ? its a classic ! its GOOD , GREAT , good quality , in love . Everyone must have one . My experience its a great shoe and resistent - the most important .
 I got these for my brother for Christmas , and he loved them . What more can i say ? Converses are awesome for anybody !
 I bought these for my mother who has had lifelong shopping issues in regards to her feet . She said she loves these shoes and they fit wonderfully .
 I 've always loved Converse shoes ! this is awesome ! the size is right at the description because i was buying it in a woman 's size .
 El producto fue entregado en el tiempo establecido , Producto original , Departamento 100 % garantizado , los converse chuck taylor negros son los clasicos y por ser as&iacute; son los mejores
 Good ppl had a problem with my tracking number so i emailed them and with great responce my questions were answered . .
 It is exactly as described on the post . I 'm very pleased and I highly recommend the product if you like converse products of course
 The product was handled professionally by the supplier and the supplier rendered all assistance that was needed and the product was delivered on time . Good product , good job by supplier
 My orginal order was too big , however the instructions on how to reorder and ship back so as to maintain the free shipping offer were very clear and concise . The new pair arrived very quickly and were exactly as expected .
 I have been looking for a year for lowtop converse in red for my daughter . On the rare occasion that I found a pair , it was not the size I needed.I had no trouble locating them through Amazon . They arrived in plenty of time for Christmas and my daughter is thrilled . It was exactly what she wanted .
 I love these shoes - they 're classic , versatile and comfortable . They wear into the shape of your foot and become like a favorite pair of jeans - worn in all the right places , fitted to your form and reliable . I have two pairs of these and I just bought another pair for my boyfriend -LRB- who is now hooked -RRB- .
 Love the product ... the style is classic what more can I say . The only thing that I need to remember is that they run a half a size too large . But other then that ... wonderful product !
 All-Stars , Old School , Awful . Delivered in France , in times.Amazon 's the only place where i can find huge shoes size.First purchase , definitly not last .
 I find these shoes to be the most comfortable things in the world . They complement my clothes very well . But the down side is that with all of the snow we have recieved here on the east coast ... wearing them outside is not a good idea . Especially if you want to keep you feet warm . But all in all ... I love my shoes .
 Was very thankful these arrived so soon after ordering , was a last minute item ... and my daughter loves them ... she now has 2 pairs . . and is planning on collecting them for different colors ... Thank youShelia Sale/VA
 quick response , fast delivery , great shoes for just about any outfit .
 The color is amazing ! If you wear any Brown Tees this is the must have shoe !
 muy bien lo que se esperaba y en el tiempo estimado 100 % recomendado muy buena la compra del articulo
 100 por ciento complacido con la compra , llegaron en buenas condiciones y son de muy buena calidad . Altamente recomendados y a muy buen precio . Gracias .
 the only problem i had with this shoe was the sizing , i usually wears 8 or 8.5 but the size i bought was 5.5 so it was a little bit unusual !!!
 Este producto cumple con mis espectativas , lo recomiendo a los futuros compradores , es por esto que mi calificacion a sido la maxima . Comprar por medio de Amazon es seguro y puntual ...
 If you are reading this review you probably already own a pair of Chucks . I love the look and feel of the Lo Top ones . They look great and feel great .
 I LOVE CHUCKS . Have them in many colors and styles ! Have been buying them for years , and know what to expect . Sizing differences can be handled if you pick one size , usually one half a shoe size for tie ups , and one shoe size for slip ons .
 This is the classic Converse , basic black sneaker . They fit fine on my wide feet , and they have them here in half sizes and in women 's sizes.They 're a good price here and you ca n't go wrong with the black/white basic Converse sneaker . They 're good for mom 's , teens and kids , both male and female.The only drawback might be that they lack arch support.I would recommend this shoe to anyone except someone with really flat feet .
 Now that my daughter has received the correct size the sneakers are perfect . I had no bad experience with this vendor . Keep up the good work .
 Converse All Stars , a classic . Love them . They 're very comfortable and they 're perfect for a night at the movies or just hanging out with the guys.Obviously they do not have much support or cushion -LRB- and I was n't expecting any -RRB- . If I was going to be on my feet all day or doing something real active this is not the shoe I would choose.The service here was excellent . I could n't be more pleased .
 I orderd wrong color ... but I love it !! This style never get old .
 The shipping was fast and the shoe was true to size . Thank you so much ! I now have a new favorite pair of shoes : -RRB-
 My mom would never wear these unless I bought them , but she loves them !!! They are uber comfortable and she feels like a teenager again !
 I bought a pair of these for my boyfriend as a present . They fit true to size and are stylish . He has always wanted a pair and is now very happy to have some ! After a few months they are holding up well and clean up easily with a wet rag and maybe a little soap .
 i am on my 2nd pair of converse monochromes and these are the only shoes i wear and will ever wear . I wear them with jeans , i wear them with black slacks , i wear them playing basketball , etc. etc. etc. . They look awesome , they are super comfortable , they do n't get dirty and they last about 2 years with every day wear . I threw my last pair away because i kept wearing them even though they had holes in them because i liked them so much . Pretty much if i could buy a subscription to shoes where they would send me a new pair every year I would probably do it and then just never have to worry about footwear again.Actually , this is a good idea - converse send me a pair every year please
 I got hooked up with these Chuck Taylor 's in a jiffy . They were shipped right away and they fit like a glove ... Thanks Amazon , I still use you here in China !
 These shoes are a little high price wise , but you ca n't beat the convenience . Right at your doorstep and back into childhood for just a few extra dollars . No brainer . Will be back for more .
 These shoes are a great throw back to when I was a teenager . My daughters love them . They look super cute with any outfit - it does n't have t be athletic
 The shoes were in excellent quality and the size and the color were correct . Very good product . I am very happy with my purchase .
 Needed for a wedding and they worked . They are a little tight but I 'm stretching them out , width wise but other than I like them a lot !
 Im not a big fan of sneakers , but these shoes I now want in every color . They are so comfortable and a must have to every college student . Love them !
 My daughter shamed me into wearing these comfortable and stylish shoes , claiming that I was &#34; dated &#34; in wearing my regular running shoes . They are comfortable and I receive many compliments .
 Exactly as was expected , good very durable shoes . Very clean and wearable . Would definitely purchase again , nice to wear out .
 I could n't purchase these anyplace in town and as usual you had them available for me ! I got them in record time and ready to send off for a christmas gift .
 These are all black Chucks ! You get what you would normally expect from Chucks . What else can you say ? Love em
 I GOT MY SHOES IN THE MAIL VERY FAST I LOVE THEM THEY GO WITH EVERYTHING I WEAR I RECOMMEND YOU BUY THEM .
 These are good shoes . They have a classic look and the monochrome look adds a nice little something something . A good , safe buy .
 I love chucks !!! what more can I say , super comfortable and clean.Cant weight to break em in and wait till they look old
 I bought these for a gift . The recipient loved them . Apparently it is hard to find the half sizes in stores with this shoe . No complaints with these .
 They are chucks ! You cant go wrong ! Best shoe out there for the price , you give up a litle comfortability but they do what they are meant to do !
 zapatos de excelente calidad , muy comodos para realizar cualquier actividad llegaron en el tiempo acordado y sin ninguna novedad los recomiendo ampliamente
 En cuanto a calidad y precio Converse cumple con lo ofrecido , excelente calidad , durable y a la moda . Dispone para todos los gustos , edades , sin distincion , siempre innovadora
 Time-tested . This shoe goes really well with a great number of things , and I find myself wearing them even when the snow is piled high solely because I like the look.Protip
 EXCELENTE PRODUCTO , VENDIDO TAL COMO DESCRIBE EN LA WEB DE AMAZON , RECOMENDADO ESPECIALMENTE PARA QUIENES DESEEN DARSE UN REGALO Y AHORRAR AL MISMO TIEMPO
 This was a Christmas present for my son . He loves and wears Chuck Taylor All Star OX shoes . He has several pairs .
 buenos zapatos , excelente producto y llego a tiempo , por lo tanto lo recomiendo cien por ciento . saludos a todos -LRB- a b c d -RRB-
 While I 'm not the one wearing them , they certainly are attractive and classic in style . Build quality appeared good . We are actually going to laser engrave on the side of the canvas part to customize for a friend . They will be Supah cool !
 This purchase was another gift for Christmas . I bought this particular pair of shoes for my wife . Although it was not a direct Amazon.com purchase and I was redirected to another site , the process was easy . The shoes were shipped fast and on time , there was great communication from the site that sold them . Another great purchase !
 I love my new shoes ! They fit great and I got them in no time . Thanks . * * * *
 Very cute my husband is 67 but he still loves his converse allstars ! Thanks !! Every thing is up to loving !
 I got these for my wife and she loves them I pretty much can get her a pair every year for xmas .
 I ordered these a while back and I simply love them . They are fun , yet stylishly funky , and go with just about anything . The only downsides I can think of is that they do n't have much traction , so I ca n't wear them as often as I would like during these long Wyoming winters.Go ahead and buy a pair ! You wo n't regret it !
 Customer Service was quick to reply as well as very helpful . The item arrived fast and in perfect condition . Excellent service .
 Great purchase . The only place we could find these shoes in the right color . Fast and quick .
 I have purchased six pairs of these wonderfully comfortable shoes that can be worn with many different types of outfits .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for . The price was the best I 've seen anywhere . I could n't be happier .
 I have been wearing this make of Converse for about 5 years now , it 's just the type of shoe I like to wear . Since I 've been wearing these shoes for so long I found it easier and more convinent to just by them online . But I do not purchase shoes online regularly . I was a little apprehensive purchasing them online only for fear that I might end up with a different style then what I am use to . Fourtunately the picture represents exactly what you are ordering , in addition to the description . I received my order a little later than I would 've liked -LRB- i think it was on the 5th day which is nothing major -RRB- . The size , and style were correct , the shoes even came laced up which allowed me to just slip them right on and throw the old ones out which I appreciated . Ummm ... they feel like all the other pairs I have owned , and since this review focuses more on the seller I dont have any complaints about comfort or support because I knew what I was buying . So in summary the seller was good , my order was accurate in size and style , and my Chuck Taylor 's have been replaced yet again !
 they are so confortable and so cool and nice too wear.i love them and i would buy 10 more if i could .
 Sent these to my daughter in law in Calif I live in Indiana very convient . She let me know what size and color also sent her a picture and a birthday message Very nice . very happy very very satisified
 The purchase took place as expected in estimasdo time , and with respect to the product announcement being sold agrees with what is expected without any complications or problems arise
 Shoes arrived in original box ; pristine condition ; exactly what I ordered.HOwever , we ordered the wrong size . Return was handled well ; account to be credited for purchase price only . No shoes in stock in the size we needed , and it would be spring before any more arrived . When you see your size , order it ASAP .
 now that she is a bit older , i would have preferred she look at shoes with a little more support and cushioning especially around the ankle areabut nooooooo , she insisted on Chucks again after not wearing them for 15 yearsaaaand , she loves them : -RRB-
 Great purchase ! Great service ! Great delivery ! my boyfriend was very happy with his present . Thank you for making it so easy
 These shoes look good , they feel good , and they do n't cost much . If you 're feet are strong enough , you can even run in these -LRB- I do -RRB- .
 The way one dresses is a form of expressing our likes and interests , we express our style down to the shoe , literally . Having such a vast variety of brands to chose from , what style and price suits best to an individual can be challenging . So why not save a couple dollars on a good pair of shoes that can give you style , comfort , and suit both male and female gender ? Converse foot wear is the perfect answer for all of these categories by offering everything one can ask for . What was started in 1908 by Marquis Mills Converse with Chuck Taylor joining in 1918 as a sneaker for athletic wear would become a stye trend by the 1950 's . The Chuck Taylor All Star collection is the most popular collection from the converse brand with the wide range of colors it has to offer.In this tough economic time everyone is trying to get the best deal on the products they want most , no one wants to spend over one hundred dollars on a pair of shoes because we can not afford it , or we 're just trying to spend our money wisely . Converse prices range anywhere from thirty to eighty dollars depending on the style of the shoe . Some of Converse competitors are Nike and Vans both having decent shoes but at ridiculous prices both having shoes start at fifty dollars and going over a hundred dollars , which is not worth the money . Luckily All Stars can save you a couple dollars and still be stylish.Not only is the price reasonable for this product but you also get an enormous variety of colors to select from making your possibilities endless . From personal experience I have used over 10 pairs of Chuck Taylor 's and have many colors and styles to chose from . This collection being my favorite , with the options of choosing either high tops or the classic low tops one can not go wrong.The classic style of the black and white low top is simply a must have for everyones closet . These shoes are long lasting and comfortable to wear the entire day . Having worn both Vans and Nike 's in the past they were no where near being as comfortable as chucks are . No one wants to walk around with blisters on there feet from having a bad pair of shoes.Converse suit a broad range of ages from infants , teenagers , to young adults and even mature adults . Both male and female foot wear run in very similar looks making it almost hard to know which shoe is male and which is female which is great . From previously being a high school student and now in college I saw that this age group gets the biggest use out of chucks since they have a simple sold look to them and in no way are uncomfortable . These shoes are for a more casual look , and fit to any persons style , so they 're for every day use making it easy in the morning not having to decided what style of shoe you 'll wear because you 'll know exactly what pair of shoe to reach for.Having comfort , style , and a great price for a pair of shoes makes ones choices endless , and makes you want to get more than just one pair of shoes . So why would n't you want to go get a pair of Chuck Taylor Converse , It is the best choice you can ask for and you most defiantly wont regret buying this pair of shoes . Best way to go is to purchase a cheap pair of shoes that look great a provide the best comfort as apposed to having a good looking pair of shoes on the exterior and uncomfortable on the interior .
 I have been wearing all stars for way to long now , and these are just as good as I remember . These shoes are iconic , we all know how good these are , the oxfords are a great change of pace from my high tops . These shoes will never go out style !
 I dont think I would recommend these for sports but they are great for just walking . I work in the city and have to dress up but weather permitting , I always walk from my car or train to the office in these , and then change to my formal shoes . Going home , I do the reverse . I find them very comfortable and they hold up well . I highly recommend them for these types of activities but they dont have enough tread for sports .
 I bought this pair of converse for my daughter , and she loves them . They are so comfortable to wear and great quality as well .
 OMG ! i 've worn my converse everyday for an entire school year an the worst that happened was a few small holes that gave it a distressed look . you can just throw them in the washing machine an they come out as white as they were when you bought them . i got new ones after 1 year because the bottoms began to wear out slightly -LRB- emphasis on slightly -RRB- . overall , best sneakers you will find anywhere!p.s . they look better when the laces are loose not extremely tight .
 these shoes were exactly what i was hoping for . they are my first pair of chucks and i must say i LOVE them !!! i want them in every color possible ! =P super comfortable too ... i could wear them forever !
 I loved these shoes when I got them . They Rock . The company Dress Code is great also they were really good to me when I received my shoes unfortunately they did n't fit so I had to return them for a pair one size bigger . Anyway I did n't have the money at that time to send them back right away so I told them I would send them back as soon as I got paid and to my surprise a few days later I received a prepaid return label from them it was great . Now I am able to send them back right away I am very happy with everything .
 They are the shoe of shoes . I own multiple pair in different colors . They are great shoes and will last you ... Be carful they can rub your skin raw if you do n't properly tighten them.i could wear these shoes for days .
 I bought this converses for my daughter with the idea of a weekend shoes . When she saw it she loved it so much she uses it for school . She loves them !
 my son bought these with his own money and we were disappionted to find out the sizes run very large . Was n't made very well , sides began falling apart . Would n't buy this one again . Did arrive quickly .
 i had a converse b4 but it was getting really old so i decided to buy a new one . it was just as i wanted it to be . its sure NOT to disappoint .
 I have had the chucks for about a month now and there holding up well . I like the look of them there comfortable and simple ill be wearing them for a long time ! :-RRB- If you are thinking of buying some chuck T 's i would there pretty cheap and they can withstand some wear amd tear ! Five stars
 Purchased for my daughter . She loves the sneaker , runs slightly larger than normal shoe size . I would order 1/2 size smaller .
 After wearing the high tops for basketball , I wanted a pair of the low tops that I could wear in the summer with shorts without looking like a complete idiot . These are possibly my favorite shoes -LRB- bearing in mind , I 'm a guy -RRB- . They 're comfortable , and since they 're made of canvas , my feet do n't get hot while wearing them . I have n't had a problem with them getting cold either . I 'd say the biggest plus over the high tops is the ease in which I 'm able to put them on . You dont have to unlace half the shoe to be able to put your foot in it . The only disappointment I have is that the shoes are n't any less expensive on amazon as they are in retailers around my area .
 These shoes are great they look nice too ! The only thing is that they do n't have great arch support so I suggest getting some Dr Scholls Insoles .
 Bought them for my husband 's bday early this year , so far he doesnt complain . He said they are comfi . And ithey are also very stylish in every outfits ; formal and casual . They are also cheaper than in stores . They are white , so of course will be so easy to get dirty but to me the dirtier they get , the more stylist they are . Lol .
 Happy with purchase.Customer Service was great when I emailed informing them that I had not recieved order.Order recieved 2 days later ... Thanks
 I wore out my first pair after 2 years . I have to have these in my shoe rack , have alot of other more expensive shoes but these are far and away my favorite !
 You 've seen these shoes everywhere ... right ? Well theres a reason for it ! They are SO comfortable and virtually go with ANY outfit ! I love them and wear them everyday ! :-RRB- BUY THESE SHOES and you wo n't regret it -LRB- unless YOU order the wrong size ! -RRB-
 Converse Unisex Chuck Taylor All Star Plaid Hi SneakerGreat shoes at a great price ! My daughter loves them : -RRB-
 The shoes have a very fresh look but they are so hard to clean being that there white definetly not your every day pair of shoes .
 I 've used Converse sneakers for a little over a decade so I knew exactly what size to order , when I got them they were just perfect . Good to get dependable sizing and quality.They 're more of a fashion item , in the most relaxed sense of the word , than running shoes.Did not need to contact vendor after placing the order , I got my notification of shipment and the package arrived on the promised date .
 These shoes were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she loves them . . She says they are very comfortable and snazzy.When these Converse shoes wear out , she will purchase another pair .
 I always liked Converse shoes and since i moved to the Dominican Republic , i 've gone thru my share of overpriced fakes . I 'm happy that i can get these online now . I like having shoes that go along with any type of clothing or colour ... any !!!! So yes , these are great and one can not go wrong in purchasing a pair unless u get the wrong size . I will definitely buy another or others in different colours . No regrets on this purchase .
 These are classic Converse shoes . They arrived quickly . The fit was true to size and they look great with our school uniform .
 I love my new shoes ! they fit great and look great . My daughter keeps taking them so I may have to get her a pair . nah , let her get her own !!
 I got these for my son 's 14th birthday . He was so excited he threw them on on the spot . He has worn them about a month now and they are still his favorites .
 my daughter is happy with the purchase . i had order in dec but received wrong size due men size instead of women size . it was my fault . the only complain it was that it took a long time from the time i sent it to get it replaced with correct size . that was my only complain it took a month to get it right . but is a cool sneaker and i did received correct one and my child is happy . yes i would recommend just when ordering make sure you click on the gender size -LRB- lol -RRB- if not you automactic received in male size .
 I love my shoes . They are comfortable and stylish . They are going to be the perfect little white tennies for the summer .
 I love these shoes and have owned many Chuck Taylor Converse shoes for 30 years . I did forget that when getting this shoe I must order a size smaller than my regular shoe size . This can be frustrating when ordering shoes online , so do n't forget to order 1size down : -RRB-
 Why does n't anybody state that they run full size large ? Maybe it 's not even worth mentioning as everybody knows that , but I 've never had experience with Converse before . I bought those in size 10 -LRB- men 's -RRB- for my brother -LRB- he always wears 10 -RRB- and they are big even for my husband -LRB- who wears 11 -RRB- . Other than that they are OK , good quality .
 I bought these basically since my other shoes were worn out and I noticed with certain weight lifting routines such as squats and dead lifts my weight would shift easy . I needed something close to the ground and not much cushion and these were it . I found with my other shoes I would start to slowly shift forward or backwards on them since they were so cushioned and I found myself off balance a lot . These shoes cleared that up for me but I will say arch support is almost nonexistant so I had to go find some small inserts because they were kind of uncomfortable at first and these things are kind of thin too . So if you go with inserts make sure they are n't very thick . I highly recommend not running in these since they do n't have supports or very much cushion at all . They are good for walking but I can not imagine running a mile or so in them without crippling foot pain.I did n't buy these at Amazon since I wanted to make sure I liked them before I bought them . I did n't really buy them for any fashion or anything since I could really care less about that . The color is what I like since I really do n't like Chuck Taylors that have white and another color . The black was perfect for me since it basic fit my color palette of clothing I wear . My wife says they look good on me so I will take her word for it but than again she may be humoring herself . These were my first pair of Converses and for the price you really can not go wrong since I can imagine myself hanging onto these for a good amount of time .
 I asked for a black converse all star . Shoes arrive on time as schedules and in perfect condition ! They came in their original box .
 Bought these for working in a bar so I 'd have a pair of shoes I could pretty much destroy and they 've held up really well . The first few weeks were a little brutal though as it took my feet a while to adjust to the soles but , once they did , it was smooth sailing.Another thing , they 're not as light colored as they are in the pictures here on Amazon . Mine were a few blue shades darker than the above pics .
 I own 5 pairs of Converse sneaks , my daughter has 3 pairs , and my son has 2 pairs . We all really love our Chucks . But this is my first pair of the low top kind . I love them so much . They are really comfortable and easy to slip on and off , and so very black so they go with any kind of casual clothing well.If you 're buying Converse for the first time , be aware they run just a touch big . This is wonderful for my son who has fairly wide feet , but the rest of us usually buy a half size small .
 Since Nike bought Converse the have altered the shoe . There used to be an extra piece of stitched canvas on the inner part just below the big toe and stitching through the back heal of the canvas . The show is basically the same , except without this extra stitching and canvas they do not last as long .
 I was very pleased to get these shoes , they 're very iconic no matter where you go and look great with just about any casual outfit . But after about 10 months of having these , rips between the rubber parts of the shoe and the cloth began to seperate . I 'm not sure whether this is due to how my feet fit within the shoe . After trying to fix the seams myself , the shoes soon began to just fall apart really and just became really unwearable . If they were cheaper I would consider getting a second pair and maybe another different pair of shoes along with them . Overall they 're still nice shoes , but they may need to be pampered somewhat for them to last a long time .
 Very quick and easy , description was perfect . I went and tried them on in the store first just to make sure of the size . I usually where a 7 or 7.5 in most shoes , but wear a 6 in these.Delivered faster than expected!All in all it was a great deal !
 i said the always fauthful converse 'cause its simply the best shoe i ever had , they gim me all the confort that i need to walk very much !!!! i mean walk A LOT !!!!
 The last time I wore a pair of chucks was back in the early 80 's . They are just as I remembered them . They are comfortable and easy to break in , plus my feet do n't hurt after wearing them all day . Awesome shoes !! I 'll be buying another pair .
 I ordered these in the Grey color . Just be forewarned , they are much more of a tan/taupe color than the dove-grey I was hoping for -- but they are still super cute and will match anything . They look pretty much like the photo in color.These also feel sturdier than Chucks I 've had in the past .
 The product is excellent , just send me the color is not requested , although in the case said White , the content was dirty unbleached white
 I had my first pair of Converse All-stars in high school in the early 1960 's . That was before they were known as `` Chucks . '' They were , and still are , the best basketball sneakers around . They 're good for everyday workouts and just hanging around the house . Comfortable , inexpensive and they last just about forever .
 This a a great classic shoe -- just too bad they 're not made in the USA anymore .
 Ordered these for my granddaughter who is thrilled . They arrived in a short amount of time . Great service .
 The order was a birthday gift for a granddaughter . It arrived promptly at her house and upon opening the gift on her special day , she informed me that she LOVED them . Service was great .
 These are awsome . just like shown . shipping took a while but it was over christmas so it makes sense . Just as nice as the pictures showed ! Love the new CHucks
 Excelent shoes , very comfortable , I use it all the days for all my activities in house , at job , etc. . . , it 's not the first time I use converse low tops so , I can say , are very durable . . !! ... the most important is ... always remind me when I was a kid ... !!! hehehe ... this seller is great too , fast shipping and the items perfect ... recommended . . !!
 Wow , the last thing I said when I saw Teddybear Crisis for the first time on DVD a few months back at my friends house . Although I dont own the DVD but instead own Teddybear Crisis on UMD for the PSP which in my opinion is way cooler . I recently went on a road trip up to Big Bear mountain for a ski trip with some friends and my Teddybear Crisis UMD was with us the entire time , I would pop it in watch a few tricks and then succesfully fail at landing them . I think you can get the UMD from a company called Silver Platter.This film has some of the best riders out there today , they hit the sickest jumps , hugest rails , and have the sickest big mountain lines . My favorite ski movie to date . Watch it and see for yourself .
 I was recently in a car accident and injured both my arm and leg . I work out regularly doing step aerobics and weights so I knew I would not be able to do that for a while . I decided to order this product to use while I recovered , and I have to say that I am impressed . The bulge on my belly is disappearing which I have tried for years to tone with sit-ups and in a couple of weeks I noticed a difference . I am now back to doing my aerobic tapes but I skip the end of the video -LRB- sit-ups and floor work -RRB- and use my igallop for 15 - 30 minutes . It really has made a difference and instead of gaining weight over the weeks I could not work out , I have probably lost 5 pounds and feel happy in a bikini again -LRB- without the bulge -RRB- . Highly recommend and very easy . Beginners can just sit and get a work out whereas more advanced can add movement while on the maching -LRB- ie leg lifts , arm work with weights , etc -RRB- to make it much more intense .
 I had heard good things about them but at $ 600 it was too dear , but when it dropped to $ 300 I decided it was worth trying out . First - there is no assembly required and it is easy to use . Its quite solid but I have moved it a couple of times from room to room as I rearrange furniture.I ride horses - but in the winter it is too cold and I get out of shape and I always seem to tweak my back when the nice weather comes around and I head out for my first few trail rides . So this year I thought i would get this and keep the muscles working over the winter when I am not riding as much - and it seems to be working . It easy to do and surprising how much you can feel it a couple of hours later - not just in the abs but in the butt and thighs too . I have n't lost much weight but feel stronger in those areas so I am very happy with it . Plus I do it when I am watching TV and am using it as well as going to Curves and my regular walking etc , so I think its a good way to target those trouble spots without too much effort . As a side benefit , my daughter and niece have been using it and it has really helped their riding - they feel much more secure in their balance on the horses this year . Even my husband , who doesnt ride at all , likes to use it . It is also a real talking point in our living room ! If you have space and these areas bother you , I would heartedly recommend it .
 I was using my iGallop within 15 minutes of its arrival on my doorstep . It is VERY sturdy , but I can move it around without help . On low speed it is quiet enough to watch television while using it.While I expected to feel the workout in my abs , I did n't expect to also feel a workout in my legs . But I did.I bought the iGallop to strengthen core muscles during summers when I ca n't ride horses . The low speed -LRB- trot -RRB- feels very much like a fast walk . The higher speeds do n't necessarily feel like a canter or a gallop but have more of a lateral movement - perhaps like a racking horse ? I used it for a week straight in anticipation of a bareback trail ride with a group of friends , and I feel it absolutely made a difference in my ability to enjoy that ride.Using it is effective and fun , and I recommend the iGallop .
 Positive comments
 The iGallop is well made and easy to use . It is also quiet so you can talk or watch TV while using it . It really helps strengthen the core - beneficial for riders .
 Product review good , I like the machine . The demo tape was sloppy . Demonstrator was n't very good , should have hired an actress .
 It might sound kinda funny ... but this machine is a great tool for horseback riders -LRB- including myself -RRB- . I do n't own 1 ... but I tried it at Brookstone ... and it was awsome . You can Trot , Canter , Race , and do a rotation of things circut . Then just ty a rope to the wall w / a clip or nail , and ty stirrups . and you 've got your very own horse in your house !
 I Tried it at a mall when i was on vacation with my family and it is really fun . Great excersise machine too !!
 Fellow horseback riders , you 'll want to own this fun machine !! After reading the reviews here on Amazon , I went to Brookstone to try one of these before buying . Not only did I come home with one , but so did my riding buddy . -LRB- They were on sale at considerably less than half the retail price of $ 600 . -RRB- It has 3 speeds of the same side-to-side/circular motion , plus a 4th setting that randomly goes through the 3 speeds . In all cases , the motion approximates the 4-beat , lateral gait of a horse who 's walking or racking.Speed One is like riding a large horse who has a very clunky walk . Speed Two speeds up and smooths out a bit . It 's like riding a gaited horse who 's not smooth enough to want to buy . Speed Three speeds up again and smooths out even more . Fold your arms and hold them up in front of your chest , keep your shoulders steady , absorb the motion in your hips , and you 'll feel like you 're racking down the road on a decent horse at a good clip.I 've had all sorts of exercise machines over the years , but nothing has ever been as fun as this . It seems effortless to ride , and yet , both my riding buddy and I were surprised -LRB- and delighted -RRB- to feel some stiffness in all sorts of muscles . It 's also strengthening my back which was injured in a horse wreck years ago.The DVD that comes with it shows many additional exercises that you can do while balancing on this thing -LRB- if you 're young and agile ! -RRB- , but I 'm just having fun horsebackin ' in front of the TV!UPDATE
 I bought this about a month ago and I absolutely love it ! I feel a definite difference in my thighs , and I also can tell that my lower back core muscles are stronger . It 's so much fun and very quiet , so it 's the perfect exercise machine for in front of the tv !
 I have lower back pain from two previous fractures that is relieved by riding my horse . This machine duplicates my horse 's energetic walk and canter and relieves my pain within minutes . The seat is rather uncomfortable due to metal bars not-very-well buried within the padding , but I 've placed my English saddle -LRB- with stirrups removed -RRB- on the seat where it stays very well without being girthed as long as I stay balanced during the `` ride . '' The instruction DVD and booklet describe different leg positions to work various muscle groups , and I have no problem accomplishing that with the saddle in place . The iGallop operates very quietly and smoothly , but does n't replicate an actual trot -LRB- up and down -RRB- motion . Still , it 's fun and easy to use and I 'm delighted with the lower back pain relief . Definitely two thumbs up !
 I was a little hesitant to purchase this machine but I 'm glad I took the plunge . The iGallop is very quiet and gives quite a good workout . After a 15 minute ride , you can really feel which muscles it worked . I put my machine in front of the TV so the 15 minutes really fly by . The motor seems like it will last quite a while . I weigh 240 lbs . and it does n't seem to strain at all .
 My children have a degenerative genetic disorder so they see an occupational therapist . She has an i-gallop as part of her gym . My children LOVE it ! We are now looking to put one in our home so that they can use it everyday ! My children are 4 , 6 , and 8 . I figure if they can use it anyone can !
 Please take note that thusfar despite what K. Tarin has to say 2 of the 5 star reviewers for the iGallop ARE not anonymous and I make `` REAL REVIEW '' # 3How is a one star review from someone who does n't have the product any more valid that an anonymous 5 star one?The iGallop is a GREAT little machine . I 've been using it for 2 and a half weeks now and I can truly say it was worth the $ 300 + Is the iGallop the only piece of fitness equipment you should use ? Absolutely not but if someone is sedentary and wo n't do any kind of workout the iGallop is better than nothing . It does n't hurt that the darn thing is fun as hell - sometimes when I 'm on it I ca n't stop laughing.When you use correct form it really is a workout . I do n't do the exercises provided on the included DVD - I simply ride the iGallop in the 3 different positions listed in the manual . In the 2 + weeks of using the iGallop with very little other means of exercise I definitely see and feel a tightening in my waist , thighs and hips.My only complaint is the seat can be a little uncomfy so I plan to purchase a pair of padded shorts to use with the iGallop.Undoubtedly many websites that provide reviews have some reviews that are padded so if you believe K. Tarin go check out Brookstone 's website there are MANY 4 and 5 star reviews from Verified Purchasers .
 I just received the item today . It is now half off the price it was one year ago when it was introduced in America but I rejected the idea of owning something so expensive . I checked Amazon for their price recently after th Osim fitness machines were a plot element in a movie I was watching , Hong Kong 's Wonder Women.I am so happy I bought this gift for myself . It is so much fun . My favorite ride at the children 's arcade was the galloping horse that gave a short ride for 25 cents . Someone should hack the igallop and create a horse cover so we can all pretend we are on that rocking horse once again.The Igallop is a solid piece of equipment and not so heavy as to be impossible to move . It comes with a shower cap clear cover for the seat and I am leaving it on the igallop when it is not in use . It is so much fun . This is the one exercise fitness machine that I have ever bought . It is so much fun . How could this be exercise ? I recommend this item.After shipping and taxes , this item cost $ 325 .
 I bought this machine 10 days back and so far its made a definte difference . I am not sure if it plateaus after a while but so far its working and i am loving it . I have been able to stay regular with the initial exercises and its real easy to operate . Lets see how it goes.Best machine in years for me so far .
 I love my igallop . I ride every morning & night . This machine is awesome . Your inner thighs feel it . When I walk , I can feel my core and back muscles with their respective movements . Machine is very quiet . I can play playstation or watch my TIVO while riding too . My stomach is slowly gaining definition . You must be engaged in some cardio to get the full advantage . Developing muscles under fat wont help : -RRB-
 I received the I-Gallop and was pleasantly surprised ! Keeping your balance while seated on the machine is a workout in itself . I find that my posture has improved and I could actually feel the muscles in my legs working . Not as much fun as riding of course , but a nice easy way to firm yourself up .
 Great shoe . Strong yet light weight . New cleat configuration seems to be a bonus . Its still a little early to tell . No complaints !!!
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 This is good stuff . It 's not oil based so you can use it on plastics . It 's mostly a product for airsoft guns , but anything that 's plastic can use some of this . I have a squeek in my car 's dash and I hope this will work , and as the dash is made of plastic , it wo n't eat away at it like an oil based lube would . Another thing you can do is write reviews on this product while trying to semi-ignore the sad part of Moulon Rouge when the love seems to be falling apart ... `` love is all you need ! '' Really , maybe I 'll write a review on that next.So now I am thinking about other plastic things I might lube up to make function better . Oh it really does work great for airsoft guns too ! - Me
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 It is a great watch . It is light and sturdy and looks great , however you are unable to read the time in the dark , and for that I can only give it four stars instead of five .
 I bought this watch for my 15 year old grandson and I was a hit , which is not easy for a grandmother . It looks much more expensive than it is and works great .
 I purchased this watch for my boyfrieds bday . It got here in good timimg and he loved it . Its a very nice watch . . : -RRB-
 This was a birthday gift for my grandson . He said it was a sexy bag and I believe him ! If he 's happy , than I 'm just thrilled to death !
 Great shoe . Strong yet light weight . New cleat configuration seems to be a bonus . Its still a little early to tell . No complaints !!!
 I began golfing in March 2005 , and found right away that even with some instruction the driver would be my nemesis . I almost always hit a big slice off the tee , and would estimate hitting maybe 2 fairways per 18 , the rest in the woods , rough , street , you name it . I finally gave up and just used the 3 wood off the tee . I had already bought an original Perfect Club which I loved and so I decided to go for a Perfect Driver in 2006 . What a difference ! I finally broke 100 this year , 4 times now with an 89 being the best.I rarely slice now , and usually hit 10-12 fairways per round , no kidding . Drives are about 250 yards and straight . I actually look forward to the par 4 and 5s now without fear of lost balls . Love this club ! My 6 iron 's shaft broke a few rounds ago so now I 'll be getting a Perfect Accuracy 24 degree club , without hesitation . You will be surprised but NOT disappointed with the Perfect Driver .
 I played golf constantly as a young man , and had a single digit handicap . Then I quit playing and did n't pick up a club for 30 years . I recently took up the game again , and have found some amazing improvements in equipment . This is one of them . Easy to play and consistent , this club chopped strokes off my score . It 's hard not to like ! I am playing the whole set of Perfect Clubs .
 My boyfriend loves his new driver . He really likes the shots he 's able to make with it and loves the weight and feel .
 I have this one for the last 6 years . I had a problem with the watch -LRB- water got in -RRB- and it was serviced very well.The features it has are great . While traveling , you can change the time zone without losing or gaining a second . The time keeping is excellent . The battery recharges with light . Since I bought it , it was always charged to full . The watch is light and the titanium feel is much better than steel.The things this watch could be improved on are : - The crystal - it reflexes light all around making visibility difficult . It should be flat , sapphire , and anti-reflex on both sides . - The hands should not be able to cover the LCD display . - The night visibility is poor . Should have tritium , and back light . - The face should not be shiny , to avoid reflexions . - The timer should go beyond 90 min . At least 5 hours . - The E6B should have bigger numbers . They are too small to be readable . Also the paint should stay better . - The time zone should be adjustable to 1/2 hours - Alarms should also be able to vibrate . In a plane , because of the noise and headset , the alarm is useless.Despite this list , I am very satisfied with this watch . I did n't find any other to change it for . Perhaps , the Junghans Apollo alarm -LRB- from Europe -RRB- or the Citizen Attesa .
 The watch is the best of the best , but I ordered this from Amazon and they shipped an obvious returned item that was scratched.The cristal was scratched up in two places , the box was broken and the battery was medium charged .
 So far I have been very pleased with this watch . My last three watches were all Movados , which I still own , but I wanted a nice , sporty watch that I could wear every day and not worry about scratching up . Now , my Movados are reserved for dress up , Citizen for jeans and cargos.The watch has everything you could hope for in an every dayer . I can check the time in any city very easily -LRB- I travel a good deal -RRB- , it has multiple alarms which come in handy when traveling . It has a timer which is good when I tell my 21/2 year old that she is on the clock -LRB- you know , two more minutes then we are going upstairs ... Daddy , set the timer -RRB- . Overall , it looks good on the wrist , it has a solid feel to it , has multiple alarms and a timer , has multiple time zones , and as a bonus it even tells you the time . It is also pretty light due to it being titanium . Only negative , it took me a whole plane ride to Minneapolis to get through the instruction book and I still need to refer to it when I want to change something .
 Pros1 . -RRB- Has a calender2 . -RRB- Titanium feels smooth3 . -RRB- Looks slick ? ... duh ? 4 . -RRB- The time zone changing feature is kinda cool . at the press of a button you can switch time zones to any city stored on the watchCons1 . -RRB- bigger than your average watch2 . -RRB- Alarm isnt loud enough to wake you up3 . -RRB- complicated watch !!! what kinda watch ships with a cd ?
 I got this as a gift for my husband last Christmas . He gets compliments on it all the time from his friends and co-workers . It 's a great functional watch and the titanium is lightweight . The face of the watch is not huge and is nicely proportional to the band.My husband likes to look stylish , but he does n't like to stick out - this was the perfect watch for him because it is n't flashy but it is still unique and attractive.If you are planning on giving it as a gift , try to hold back on opening the case for the first time . The watch comes uncharged , so when you open it , it immediately starts charging and winding itself up like crazy - it looks really cool . I realized it was doing this when I opened it up to take a look and immediately shut it so when my husband opened it a few days later he got the experience and really thought it was the coolest thing .
 I really like this watch and it does get the attention of people . It looks very nice to wear and very useful for some one like me who is constantly jet setting around the world.The only reason I gave one star less is that , I travel to countries where there 1/2 time differences and it is absolutely irritating to be able not set the time for that time zone . I have to mentally put myself that the time shown is 1/2 ahead of where I am , but in other places it is exactly the same time . Is n't that dumb that they ignored this feature ? But otherwise , I whole heartedly recommend this watch . I hope Citize comes up with a software patch that I can some how download !!!
 I just received the watch today and I love it . It looks cool and is lighter than you think it would be . I love the fact that it does n't need a battery so I do n't have to worry about that . Whenever my watch battery died , I would use this as an excuse to buy a new battery ... well , since this watch does n't need a battery , I have no excuses to buy a new one . The owners manual is a little hard to get used to at first but is easier to understand after you 've read it a few times . The watch also glows in the dark which is a nice bonus . It also has 3 alarms . The watch is easy to program and it comes preset with most timezones . All I had to do was list my timezone , adjust for daylight savings time , and voila ... it was good to go . It even came with the date preset . All I had to do is wear it . How sweet is that !?!
 I got this watch as a gift and its perfect since i travel a lot around the world.PROS -- definitely recommend the titanium version . this is a big watch and steel could be heavy . worth the 40 $ price diff . - nice clean look -LRB- steel grey -RRB- goes with business and casual attire . - the solar powered battery is great and charging works very well . - Switching analog dial between time zones is real easy . - Two alarms , timer , stop watch etc.CONS : - An annoying quirk is that you can not set time zones that are in 1/2 hr intervals . eg
 My wife bought this watch for my birthday and I 'm very happy with it . I like everything about it , design , features , interface , weight.Greate value for the price !!!
 I bought this item for my husband who is a pilot . Amazon was the best deal around by around a $ 100 . I talked to my husband 's friend who is pilot as well and he said that this is the ultimate pilot watch . My husband loves it but if you need it sized then go to a jeweler who knows what they are doing.My husband told me he wanted a watch that had multiple time zones and zulu time . This has both and much more .
 I love this watch . You get a lot of technology and style for the money . It 's a great travel watch -- the multiple time-zone feature is easy to use , and you can wear it with dress or casual clothes . I like how the digital and analog time are linked , and I always get a kick of watching the hands spin around when I change time zones.There are just a few minor things to be aware of . The watch is heavy on your wrist and it 's difficult for to adjust the metal band to fit smaller wrists , so it slides around a little . It 's easy to hit the buttons inadvertently and change the time zone . And the daylight savings time feature , which has to be set manually for each time zone , is more trouble than it 's worth .
 The styling is very masculine . The buttons on the right side get bumped too easily inadvertently . It is very comfortable to wear . Changing between time zones is an easy adjustment .
 I shopped a great deal before deciding to purchase this watch . Honestly , I have no need for 22 time zones , but the few that apply to the US are very helpful . Style was the main factor that led me to want this particular watch . The price is what led me to purchase from Amazon . Locally , I could n't find the watch priced less than $ 400.00 . Bravo to Amazon for selling at such an attractive and competitive price .
 I 've had this watch for about two years now and its given me no grief ! Superbly accurate , excellent features -LRB- its nice to have a good looking watch without giving up alarms , a timer , world time , and a chronometer.My only complaint is that the crystal did chip and the titanium can scratch . But it 's my daily wear watch and I 've subjected it to some pretty terrible stuff . Overall , I 'd definitely recommend this for the price .
 Right Product , Best Price , Great gift for the Army Pilot .
 Nice watch , but if you have any hair on your arms , you wo n't enjoy the band on this watch .
 Very pleased with the service and product . Great price . Could n't be more happy .
 A great watch except it is a little heavy
 My husband loves his new watch that I bought him . Easy to use and completely meets his needs .
 This , simply put , is a wonderful watch.I say that because this watch is useful both at work and at home . At work , I 'm a flight surgeon . I spend both in the office working as a physician and in military aircraft as a rated aviator , and find this watch works well in both environments . In the office , it is lightweight -LRB- thanks to the Titanium -RRB- , professional appearing , and quite functional thanks to easy to read hour/minute/second hands and being water resistant -LRB- no worries about ruining the watch because of hand washing -RRB- . On board aircraft , I have glow-in-the-dark hands and a steady reference to Zulu -LRB- UTC -RRB- time , as well as having a wiz wheel to show that I have some idea about what is going on -LRB- although with modern cockpits , it 's somewhat redundant -- and , worth noting , hard to read the dial in low light conditions -RRB- . At home , the UTC time is helpful for pursuing my hobby of astronomy , as most references to astronomical events are listed in UTC time.The watch is somewhat initially confusing , but once you review the instruction manual or included CD , it is one of the easiest to operate watches I 've owned.One other item worth noting is that it is somewhat more grey in color than the photo on Amazon.com appears.Overall , a great value !
 Well , it has been roughly 24 hours since I received my watch , and I have just now been able to put it on . First off , the setup procedure is something that would make NASA proud . It is lengthy and complex . Once configured , I was faced with removing a couple of links out of the bracelet so it would fit on my wrist . This task proved beyond me . I ended up going to a jeweler who was able to accomplish this for me at the expense of a couple of bent and broken tools . And this was a dealer . I feel you should be able to wear a watch out of the box , without having to wait for someone to fit it for you . The setup is what caused me to rate it 4 of 5 stars , but it 's a 5 after that.Now for the good part , this watch is the coolest thing I have ever placed on my wrist . It is more than I hoped for , and that is saying something . I am still learning the in 's and out 's of this thing , but I am extremely pleased up to this point . It 's a great watch for a pretty good price.Update - It has been a number of years since my initial review and if anything the watch has exceeded all my expectations . It still looks great even after wearing it each and every single day since purchase . I would not trade this watch even for a more expensive model , its just that good .
 I have to say I was initially attracted to the watch purely for the styling . I thought it was a clean look that would look good for hanging around or on my wrist when in a suit . Once I actually tried the watch on I realized how comfortable and well made the watch was ! The lightness of the watch is truly amazing . It is like you are n't wearing a watch at all!Feature wise it is also great . Had everything I could have wanted . As I have read in other places , the two top internal dials are a little less then useful for those of us who do n't fly ... but , the use of the digital section makes using the advanced feature easy.One last comment , mine came with a small CD with a step by step instructions for setting and using the features ! I am usually not a person to even look at the directions . But the CD had me curious . Within 15-30 minutes I had all I needed to know to use all my features !
 I absolutley enjoy the functionality of this watch . The interface is easy to use and allows for very easy time changes for both the digital and analog functions . The three alarms are very handy as well . Even though this watch was built for aiators , I find it very useful in the world of information technology . Improvements requested
 I got this watch recently and enjoy it very much.It has two very cool features .1 . EcoDrive . Your watch is driven by solar energy so it should never die as long it 's not stored in a box under your bed for for years at a time .2 . You can display to two time zones at the same time . One time zone will be on the analog display and the other time zone will be on the digital display . You can also quickly switch between the two time zones.I have n't owned many watches in my time but this watch seems to scratch easily . Then again I 'm in the process of moving and I 've probably been giving it a little more wear and tear than normal.And it looks cool.Overall I say it 's a good buy.I would like to rate this as a 4.7 and not just a plain 4 .
 I 've owned this watch for a year . Bought it to replace a Tag Heuer which was a MASSIVE and expensive disappointment -LRB- tired of replacing battery more and more often as it aged at $ 70 a pop to get watch re-pressurized -RRB- . I do n't know what the other reviewers who complained about 1 . Scratches and 2 . `` arm hair '' are talking about . I have no problem with either.Watch is accurate , attractive , reliable , has great functionality and is comfortable and lightweight.The value of a watch that never requires a battery change is huge to me . If you 've ever owned a high-end watch like my Tag and suffered the frustration of forking over $ 70 for battery changes ... first after 3 years , then 2 years , then 1 year , then every 9 months and had the company tell you that this is a natural part of the watch 's aging , you will quickly -LRB- however sadly -RRB- toss the watch in the drawer and seethe everytime you see a poster with Tiger or pretty boy Jeff Gordon holding up their Tags.MINOR complaints
 I have had this watch since July of 2005 and and been in constant use for the last 51/2 years . It has been scuba diving , has had many hours of off road motorcycle riding which is such high impact and vibration that after an extended ride -LRB- days -RRB- I will have a skin abrasion from the watch band impacting my arm . The crystal has some minor scratching which is not very obvious and does not detract . The titanium band is essentially covered with small scratches , making a pleasing matt finish . Overall , the watch still looks great.After over 5 years of fairly rough use , it was not much surprise when one of the pins in the band fell out and was lost . I just took a pin from one of the spare links , cut it to size , and pushed it in where the other pin fell out . It looks secure and the watch is back in service , but I will keep an eye on the pins.The time zone swap feature works well when traveling , however setting daylight savings time which is somewhat of a pain as it must be done for each time zone . This is not the fault of the watch , since different areas deal with daylight savings time in different ways.The small LCD displays have a variety of functions of which I only routinely use the stopwatch , and it works fine . All the rest of the features are just bling to me -LRB- fuel weight/consumption/nautical miles rotating bezel ... really ? The units could be in ergs/furlong and it would be just as useful to me , as I never use it since I am not a pilot . -RRB- A quick thought on the LCD display size ... it is small . If you have trouble focusing on small type that could be a problem.The extra features do n't detract , but do n't lose the users manual if you use the features only occasionally as they are not fully intuitive . -LRB- Pull the stem to 1/2 position , press upper button to toggle value , press lower button to save OR rotate stem to next position which advances time zone and saves value . Pressing both buttons simultaneously generally raises the garage door or lowers the flaps so do n't mess with the watch while flying ... -RRB- The watch is fairly thick , but it looks substantial and well engineered and the thickness really does not detract . If you tweeze your eyebrows and wear Italian shoes then this watch probably does not make the style statement that you are looking for . -LRB- Nothing against tweezing and Italian shoes , just pointing out that this watch is likely not a fashion accessory that goes well with that style . -RRB- In conclusion , the Skyhawk has been durable beyond all expectation , and a pleasure to wear and use . The only downside is the complexity of the watch , and size of the LCD display . I highly recommend this watch .
 This watch is gorgeous and has all the functions that you need . I recommend you have it fitted after you get it . Those of you experiencing pulling hair , that 's what you have to do . Otherwise , I 'm wearing it with confidence and feels great !!! It has a nice grey tone finish because of the titanium . Very light compared to my previous stainless steel watch . This is worth every cent . The numbers and hands glow in the dark so that helps to read in very dark areas.Don ' t be discouraged what other people are saying about how complicated this watch is to setup . It is n't . You can view the CD presentation or go to the main Citizen website , look up your model watch , and watch their online tutorial . Very easy , very quick . I had my watch all setup in less than 10 minutes . Probably faster after watching the video completely , then setting it up . I 'm already familiar with the setup and can do it in a few seconds now.This watch matches all kinds of outfits whether it 's for a formal outting , casual , or even while playing baksetball . The design is super nice with a nice quality finish.It 's not overy huge like some other designer watches . This one is perfect in size . Maybe a little on the thick side , but the faceplate does n't cover up your entire wrist , lol . Overall , I 'm completely satisfied . Your warranty certificate is inside the warranty booklet in case there are premature malfunctions . The bezel might be a bit small , but how often are you going to use that anyways ? At least it 's there if you need to use it.Alarm sound is bit on the low side , but they probably do n't want you to be bugging a crap load of people in the office with an annoying sound.Beautiful , elegant , stylish , and conservative . What more do you want ?
 The watch is accurate , easy to use , low maintenance . Good night visibility , not very heavy compared to my other titanium chronographs . The wrist band is of good quality and the titanium feels very comfortable . I wear this watch 7x24 and has no problem with it so far.Just took this watch to snowboarding and the watch survived all my beginner-level falls and bumps .
 I have throughly enjoyed this watch , it has been accurate to + / - 60 seconds per year . It has taken a beating and held together -LRB- I am hard on watches -RRB- . I finaly broke the band , the first failure was just a pin which was hard to find a replacement for . Now one of the solid pins sheared . The watch diffinently needs to be Titanium otherwise it is too heavy . I have a nice Pulsar made of Stainless Steel , but I never wear it because it bangs my wrist hard when hammer or hit things . I would have made one feature change though , the Day Light Savings Time must be set for each time zone On or Off twice a year . I would have added a global Off option to take all time zones out of day-light-savings . It is a bit of a pain to set all the various time zone to and from this . I also have several scratches in the crystal , but still like the watch . It does glow in the dark well enough to read the time in a movie theater , but no light on the watch . I understand the reason -LRB- solar power -RRB- .
 I have owned this watch for about 5 years . With the Eco-drive system , as you can expect , I 've never pay a visit to a jewelry store for replacing battery.Despite the user manual did n't mention much about the scratch resistant , but my watch has n't had a single scratch on the surface with it great for watch under 500 dollars.No matter you are professional diver , office personal , or what ever your occupation is . This is the watch for you .
 Got the watch for Christmas . Great looking watch . The features are nice . I was surprised that there is no backlight , but I will keep it nonetheless . I recommend !
 I Have alway wanted one , i do n't have to change battery and it look Great The titanium is tough
 This is the second of these watches I have owned , and I can not imagine purchasing any other . They are reliable , lightweight and packed with features .
 I bought this watch as a present from Amazon . It was obviously a used watch because the box was banged up and the band was scratched in multiple places . All in all my husband loves the look of the watch . He is always commenting how light the titanium is and how he can look at all the different time zones . I would recommend this watch to all flyers .
 This is the best watch i 've ever owned . It has never broken , and shines beautifully .
 They have been perfect in the past and they are perfect till today .
 My wife got this watch for me 8 years ago when I was traveling to Asia a lot . The dual time zone function works great , and titanium material makes this watch much lighter than the stainless steel model which is very easy to wear . I love this watch and wore it everywhere over the years , and you can tell because the titanium will get scratched over time . The watch is very durable ; it has stand up to all kinds of abuse including contact sports and skiing . But until recently years when I started to go snorkeling with this watch , that is when I started to see some moisture build up getting inside of the display . The moisture seems to come and go for a while , but not long after the watch just died completely . Since the watch has already passed the 5 year warranty period , I decide to go ahead and troubleshoot it myself . I purchased a watch opening kit from Amazon.com , open the watch , and found that the sea water somehow got inside of the steel parts that is in the turning knob and corroded that area . I can see that there were some rusting going on and eventually that part broke off which the water can get in.Since this watch has taken so much abuse and still lasted this long , I feel that I got my moneys worth , so I would definitely buy this watch again . But the next time I buy a watch like this , I would probably try to avoid contact with water at all cost .
 Great watch for a pilot reasonable price as well , design changed slightly from the previous one to have less clutter but has made it harder to change the functions with the scrolling option now . Its remarkably light due to it being titanium , defintely happy and glad with this purchase .
 I bought a Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch #JR 3060-59F three years ago after scouring the internet for a self-winding/perpetual wrist watch . I was so happy with the product , when it was stolen last month , I ordered another right away . Titanium appearance goes with everything and it is very light and very accurate timepiece . Only fault is alarm chime seems too quiet ... does everything else so well it must be my hearing .
 I bought this watch as a present to myself after driving in a car for over 35 hours with my parents -LRB- I love my parents , but 35 hours in an Envoy makes me wonder why ?? lol -RRB- . Anyways , I got the watch , and am very pleased with it . Nice sized face , and more functions than I 'll ever use . All the timezone functions are nice to have since my job sometimes requires me to know what time it is in different locations . So , that helps out a lot . The countdown timer is great when I 'm cooking something that does n't involve a microwave . Plus it keeps really accurate time , and is certainly the nicest watch I 've ever owned.My only gripe is that the band shows any scratches pretty easily . So , get one of the stainless ones if you 're going to be banging it up . Although , the Titanium on this one makes it light as a feather . This is America , therefore , the choice is yours.Besides the scratches showing , I could n't be happier .
 This watch was originally intended as a pilots watch and I think it fills this role wonderfully . The comments in the other review are valid , except I 'd say UTC is a ` must have ' feature in a pilots watch -LRB- all air traffic control is done in UTC time -RRB- .
 I am a watch nut , and I owned many many watches over the year . This is the best watch I have ever owned . I have the titanium model which is especially nice because it is so light.This is the perfect every day watch .
 I am a proud owner of a Citizen Eco Drive Titanium Skyhawk and glad I made the investment . ! First of all , I am a very technology forward person , though not a pen protector geek . If you like technology , if you like precision , if you like quality , if you love chronographs , then this watch is worth your attention . ! It delivers on all of those fronts . Since so many others have reviewed this watch from a purely tech standpoint , I will try and NOT be too redundant in covering features and will keep this to a sky view report.This watch has features galore , from the UTC , timer , calendar , chrono , alarms , world time setting features , to customized display settings . It can be a bit overwhelming at first to set up and program , but as you whip through it , it becomes second nature and due to its ' accuracy and EcoDrive solar/light powering , chances are you may never have to do as much work with this watch as in first setting it up . The CD and manual are very clear , simple and self-explanatory . I bought this version new , and recently . The 3rd gen has atomic timing and a backlight for the LCD as some of its ' improvements over this model , but for me those things were n't a big deal . I am a businessman , not a pilot - -LRB- though I have taken lessons -RRB- hence I only need the multiple time settings for travel , not every day . This watch is SO accurate , I wo n't miss out on the AT by having to set my watch - at last look it was keeping perfect time and has only ever been off by only 1 second + / - EVER . !! The backlight on the 3rd gen is n't SO spectacular that I need it , most of the time with just a wee bit of light , even in a movie or dark room is all I need to see . The luminous hands work very well for the few times things may get pitch black . Lastly , the 3rd gen just looks TOO military for me for what I use this watch for . In this version the watch looks just as friendly with business or formal attire as some of my other watches , and I own Rolex , Breitling , Movado genuines and several more timepieces . If I want the more military look , I can go wear my Chrono Avenger . More formal , then something else . Sometimes I do n't feel like waving my arm around just because , and the accuracy of the Eco Drive speaks for itself . Of course , did I mention NO batteries , ever ? That 's right , no batteries - ever . ! That moves up to powering . If you know anything about watches , how they run and Citizen , then you know about Eco Drive . Ecologically friendly solar and light powered system . Never needs batteries and when fully charged can go as long as 4 years -LRB- rated -RRB- and spring right back to life . Stop waving your arms wth automatic watches , or putting batteries in others at an ever increasing cost as the watch ages . It has several power saving modes that remind and show you when the watch is running low , all you need is light to power it up again . One cool factor is when the watch is away from a light source for several minutes , it will shut down and go to `` sleep '' if you will , and when light is found again , come back to life with arms moving and digitals coming on!Styling is great and the watch has the unique look to go well looking formal , business like or rugged and military , yet techo packed and gadgets abound for the more 21st century minded owners . The titanium version is what I own , and the understated buffed grey look stands out without being too flashy or gaudy . for those who want more shine , or bling , there is a stainless steel version as well , and a Black Eagle version with hardened black metal composition . I treat my watches with respect , but I do n't baby them , I wear them . I have not found the titanium to be as problematic as some other reviewers have . I have no scratches and all it takes to keep clean is some cloth cleaning and polishing if one desires . The links form a gentle yet firm shape , the titanium will stand up on its ' own . Solid double lock clasp , with room to make adjustments inside of it . I am a normal sized adult male , 6 ' 1 '' - medium build , and my wrist is 8 inches , the watch has that and room to spare . I could take a link or two out , but for others this is just a matter of whether you like your watch to fit snug , or loose.Now , the price . Originally a $ 600.00 piece and up , in most places this 2nd generation Skyhawk can be found for half that amount . Price difference of over $ 200.00 from the 3rd gen , and I do n't feel I sacrificed at all , especially because of the timeless , elegant and classy look of the watch . As I stated , it goes well with any occasion , and mode of dress , and for functions ca n't be beat . Most folks can not figure out WHAT it is until they get a look see demo up close . I was not aiming for this factor , but it is a nice compliment.People buy watches for any number of reasons . My brother teases me that it is the same time on his Fossils and Casios and Timexes as it is on my high end pieces . This from a guy who will drop thousands on computers and speed skates without a thought . ! My joy is in watches , some I own , others I admire , others I treasure , and a few I actually like . I respect and admire my brother 's pieces -LRB- and ALL timepieces for that matter -RRB- and own a few other types of watches as well , even a watch that only costed me less than 5 bucks in a shoe shop because I admired the look and the movement . I only say that because I am not snobbish and other than the ownership value do n't automatically suscribe to the theory that more money makes a better watch . Depending on a lot of other factors and criteria , more money usually just means a more expensive watch . Dollar for dollar , I feel the Skyhawk is a great value , and the longer you own one , the greater the value - especially at today 's reduced prices . !! Feature wise , this watch holds its ' own against most anything out there , other than a specialty one function watch . Both versions are water resistant so a quick shower or jump in the pool wo n't hurt . This watch will be my mainstay for a good long while , and I do n't have to feel like I lost my car or house when purchasing one , or if it got misplaced . Whether this watch is an upgrade from a less functional piece , or a common sense decision as I feel mine was , you will be pleased .
 I 've had this watch for upwards to 7 years . It was given to me as a high school graduation present and has lasted through the rigors of college , sports , and work life . Previous watches before this would have the battery die out every year or so , the fact that the Skyhawk is solar powered , means I 've never had to pop open the back . And you know how warranties expire , or the watch is no longer water resistant once you open it up ... no worries with this one ! Very classic look , not too obtrusive or large . It is a heavy watch so wearing it for long periods of time may be a little annoying . I think Citizen also has a lifetime guarantee on the glass , so you can send it in and have them buff scratches out for free ! Wo n't leave home without it.Update
 I purchased this watch four years ago , and it is still running reliably . It keeps accurate time , is easy to change time zones as I travel around the world , and the alarm is usually loud enough to wake me up in the morning . There are two drawbacks worth noting : -LRB- 1 -RRB- As other reviewers noted , the crystal scratches easily . That said , four years later , I do not have trouble seeing through the crystal . -LRB- 2 -RRB- the two buttons and the stem stick out pretty far on the right side . As a result , I have developed a thick callus on the back of my left hand where the watch stem digs in . Also , the buttons bump into the back of my hand , changing the time zone for the digital time/date portion of the watch . Easy to change back -LRB- just push the buttons again to step back to local time -RRB- but still mildly annoying.But bottom line , it does what a quality watch is supposed to do -- keep reliable time year after year . And after four years , I am still on the original battery .
 I have the black one of this watch , which if u get the black one the paint chips away . but thats besides the point for this watch . what i want to say for this watch is that its good weight but the face of the watch is kind a small . i would have liked it more if the face was 2-3 mm more . other than that it functions well . over all its a good watch .
 I received this watch as a gift back in 2001 . I 've worn it almost every day since then and it 's still kicking . Yes , the glass has some scratches , but this thing is solid .
 Brought it as a Christmas gift for my brother , he travels a lot so the multi time zone feature was more than just a gimmick it had very practical aspects to it . In short it can do way more things than most people will ever take advantage of . Figure out what it offers that works for you and enjoy it . BTW my brother loves it.Just one final note , days after I bought it Amazon raised the price on it by nearly $ 50 so it is n't the screaming bargain it once was .
 This is a great watch ! At first sight , it appears a bit bulky but after you put it on you realize how lightweight it is . Very reliable !
 pros : - great looking-light . compared to seiko SNA , this watch is really light.-never need a battery.-the crown is protected so it does not rub against your skin , like on my seiko sna which causes skin irritation.cons : - no light . hands are luminous though not all night long.-The time zone is used for both date and time , i wish i could set the other timezone to paris , but still have the date local.-The timezone setting is too easy to change so my tz is sfo but when i date mode i need to make sure it 's in a different time zone.-some features are night though i never use them
 I love this watch ! I have been wearing it for just over four years and it still works seamlessly . the fact that it is solar powered is so cool , when the watch is in a dark place for over a minute the hands all go straight up and the watch goes into a power save mode , but the second the face sees a glimpse of light the hands swing every which way to the correct time . It is very cool .
 The watch is great looking but I had problem with the wrist band , a pin came out and had to be fixed by watch repair person . I wish they make a strong , supportive wrist band , and given some more extra links .
 I wear the Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch #JR 3060-59F much of the time , but when I travel it is essential . I can set the 3 alarms for different time zones or have one go off after the other.I use the timer every day to remind me to get up and stretch afteran hour at my desk . Many other useful functions and I love the style .
 I love the fact that it never needs a battery , and with the strength of titanium and the durability of scratch-resistant mineral , I won ; t have to buy another watch for a long time . This is an amazing watch that is incredibly light weight , loaded with features . I have found one flaw so far , and unfortunately , it 's a big one . It keeps track of the date , but only in the time zone displayed on the digital window . Unless you want to keep track of your local time both with the watch hands and the digital window showing the same time , you 'll have to remember to pretty much remember the current date on your own . Personally , I think an oversight like this can be a deal-breaker for some . For all of its technology and such , it does n't have a dedicated to keep track of the date locally .
 Nice watch , great features and very elegant . And it is not as complicated to used as other reviews says .
 This watch is too cool , it looks great on it never needs a battery and it gets lots of notice from others .
 For what I paid this watch is worth the money . I am someone who dislikes watches to begin with and some watches I have looked at are some what bulky . Not this one I like how light it is and the features of the time zones is great when I travel .
 yep that what this is Class with a capital C. ... looks great . . feels great . . keeps great time ... i love the feel of titanum ... so light . . best watch ive had in a long time . . and you cant bet the price ... great job amazon
 First the good news
 I got this watch as a gift and its perfect since i travel a lot around the world.PROS -- definitely recommend the titanium version . this is a big watch and steel could be heavy . worth the 40 $ price diff . - nice clean look -LRB- steel grey -RRB- goes with business and casual attire . - the solar powered battery is great and charging works very well . - Switching analog dial between time zones is real easy . - Two alarms , timer , stop watch etc.CONS : - An annoying quirk is that you can not set time zones that are in 1/2 hr intervals . eg
 ProsSuper design , feature packed with easy use , durable Titanium and last forever eco-drive batteryConsReflective crystal , low night visibility , hard to pull out crownThe Bottom LineThis is a masterfully crafted classy design with features beyond most people 's requirement . Definitely worth the price.Full ReviewAs a user of this watch JR3060-59F , I like to share some of my experience with it . I have to say that I love this watch and enjoy to look at it any time . In stead of going through its features , I will focus on my feel about it . The feature list or instruction is available on the manual or web.DESIGNI believe the overall design of this watch is outstanding . Its contour shape suits for casual and business occasions . Its casing migrates to the integrated links in an elegant way , so it is a very good balance of fashion and classic . Its Titanium gray color is unique , though kind of bland , yet emits an understated prestige and it matches the high-tech image too . The whole color tone is well organized , Gray in link and casing and LCD , black in bezel numbers and dial face , white in hour & minute hands and marks on face . The yellow second hand becomes a beautiful highlight without disturbing the whole color tone . The chrome circles on the sub-dials correspond to the crown and buttons on the right . I think its overall design is comparable to those vintage watches that are much more expensive.FUNCTIONSThis watch packs all the possible daily use functions with easy access . The 24 hour local time will become very useful in timeless environment like Casino . Its switch between local and other parts of the world is very easy and attractive . Though it has over 20 cities , you can choose to set off some cities that are not needed frequently.The timer function is limited due to the design of crown . The watch has to be removed from wrist to pull out the crown for timer setting or any other settings . This is a major design negligence . Some horizontal groove on the crown can easily solve this issue.The bezel is useful even for non-pilots . It can do multiplication or division easily for 2-digits numbers . The resistant feel of the bezel is very professional , not too loose and not too tight either . It is the bezel grip design need to be improved.WOW FACTORSImagine when you get off the plane in another continent with your colleague and you switch your Skyhawk 's main dials to the local time by press the two buttons at the same time , your colleague will very likely amazed at seeing your Skyhawk sweeps the hour hand to local time in a few seconds . By the time you told him that your light-powered Skyhawk can run at complete darkness for 4 years , he will surely rethink why he has to wave his arm on purpose every single day to wind up his `` automatic '' jewelery . Then you can tell him that your Skyhawk never gains or losses more than 4 seconds a month , he will be willing to trade his 8000USD Breitling with yours : -RRB- THINGS CAN BE IMPROVED1 . Non-reflective coasting on crystal and dial is desirable .2 . The marks visibility can be improved using IllumiBright or Tritium . Night-light would become unnecessary at all if the marks are more visible . Who needs to set the watch or using chronograph at complete darkness ? 3 . Some horizontal grooves on the crown will enable pulling out crown without moving the watch off the wrist . This is something Citizen should correct right away , even by offering some replacement to the current crown design .4 . User manual asks to avoid using buttons or crowns in water . This greatly limits the usability even it is rated Water Resistance 100M . If water-proof buttons are used and can be used under water , it will help those swimmers to measure lap times .5 . The grip of the rotation bezel can be improved by using a more conventional bezel design . The four shallow sinks on the current design does offer enough grip for rotation operation.TO BE VERIFIEDNot sure about the light power charge in winter when long sleeves or even coat covers up the watch all day long . Do we have to put the watch under a lamp every night to charge it for normal use ? If that is the case , it will not be ecological anymore.SUMMARYThe whole watch is a great design and it is an enjoyable experience to look at and use . Its long list features offer great help and easy access makes life easier . Even with a long list of wished improvements , I still love it a lot .
 I bought this watch in 2001 shortly after it was introduced . As a naval officer , it has proven to be invaluable as I find myself in different time zones with some frequency . I set up a custom time zone for where my wife was and with a simple look at the face knew if I 'd be waking her up if I called.It served as my alarm clock aboard ship and having three alarms is particularly useful . I use the UTC dial daily since the military often operates on `` zulu '' time.Charging occurs without a thought and the watch holds time well.I 've worked-out , showered , snorkeled , and generally beat up this watch and it stills works fine . Also worn it to weddings.I 'm considering buying the new `` rubberized '' version to have one to use for more casual activities.I probably need to have the watch cleaned and serviced since the dials and buttons now stick a bit and it 's harder to set alarms.Overall - best watch I 've ever owned . Ca n't think of anything I need from the watch or anything I do n't really use . Superb .
 First off , I have the stainless steel , not titanium . My reasons is the stainless steel , though heavier , hides the scratches to the band a lot better . As with most Citizen watches , this watch is of high quality construction and keeps time accrurately . I work in construction and fly recreationally so this watch not only comes in handy , but it takes a beating as well . I have heard some complain the crystal scratches , but to date , I have no scratches -LRB- 1 year of ownership and constant wear -RRB- . The timezone features comes in handy expecially for business travelers who do n't like resetting their watch all the time . You can hit two buttons and switch to the new time zone while still showing your hometown in the digital display . Shows date & time , has a chronograph , three alarms and a timer . There are two great additions available for pilots - the right small dial shows UTC -LRB- aka universal time -RRB- , this is very handy when you do n't have time to figure out how many hours to deduct -LRB- or add -RRB- to get to UTC when traveling East/West . The outer dial also allows you to do your time & fuel calculations though I must say , it is hard to read , and what business do you have flying without your proper tools.This watch goes well with business attire as well as jeans and a t-shirt . Clasp stays locked and I do n't have too many arm hairs pulled like with other models . Have successfully tested in water , but not to any depth . One complaint , you have to manually tell the watch when daylight savings time is . Harder to remember for those of us living without this cooky change of time -LRB- Arizona , Hawaii and Indy -RRB- .
 First off , I have the stainless steel , not titanium . My reasons is the stainless steel , though heavier , hides the scratches to the band a lot better . As with most Citizen watches , this watch is of high quality construction and keeps time accrurately . I work in construction and fly recreationally so this watch not only comes in handy , but it takes a beating as well . I have heard some complain the crystal scratches , but to date , I have no scratches -LRB- 1 year of ownership and constant wear -RRB- . The timezone features comes in handy expecially for business travelers who do n't like resetting their watch all the time . You can hit two buttons and switch to the new time zone while still showing your hometown in the digital display . Shows date & time , has a chronograph , three alarms and a timer . There are two great additions available for pilots - the right small dial shows UTC -LRB- aka universal time -RRB- , this is very handy when you do n't have time to figure out how many hours to deduct -LRB- or add -RRB- to get to UTC when traveling East/West . The outer dial also allows you to do your time & fuel calculations though I must say , it is hard to read , and what business do you have flying without your proper tools.This watch goes well with business attire as well as jeans and a t-shirt . Clasp stays locked and I do n't have too many arm hairs pulled like with other models . Have successfully tested in water , but not to any depth . One complaint , you have to manually tell the watch when daylight savings time is . Harder to remember for those who live in Arizona , Hawaii and Indy that do not observe daylight savings time .
 Fantastic Watch . Do not let previous reviews about the titanium version being scratch prone prevent you from buying the titanium Skyhawk . First of all I am very hard on watches . I have had my Titanium Skyhawk around six months and have no scratches to speak of . I have hit it several times and have been suprised by the watch and watch band strength and their scratch resistance.Overall this is a great watch and I highly recommend it .
 I have owned this particular model for a little over a 6 months now , and so far it has not given me any trouble . This is my second citizen watch , and as long as I keep recieving great watches and outstanding customer service , I will continue to be a Citizen customer . The watch itself is noticably lighter than most watches I own , due in part to the titanium instead of stainless steel . The place where I work requires me to do a lot of physical labor , and the watch can take every bit of what I throw at it . -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- ... Both the analog and the digital displays are very easy to view , and the convenience of only having to hit one button to switch to multiple time zones is a big plus . I frequently travel out of state into another time zone and I could n't ask for an easier watch to use . The watch itself is attractive . The silver and black combination to me is always a winner . The yellow second hand is also a stylish design choice.And lastly , the service department is wonderful . I had accidentally scratched the crystal on my other Citizen watch . It was repaired and sent back to me in a very fast period of time , and I was extremely pleased with the result . So this watch is highly recommended by me . It is well worth the money .
 Because this watch is Titanium it is VERY light . Much lighter than other watches its size . It is a little thicker than I would like , but this does not seem to be avoidable when comparing watches with comparable functions . I really like that it is solar powered and that I do n't ever have to worry about changing batteries or shaking it . 3 minutes in bright sunlight is enough to charge it for the entire day . It has a two-year reserve otherwise . The slide rule bezel is also very useful allowing me to calculate speed , fuel consumption , etc. . I use it for my boat even though it was probably designed for pilots . The multiple time zone function is also invaluable since I travel a lot . A touch of a button switches me to the new time zone and I do n't have to reset it all the time . It does all the work . I am very pleased with this watch .
 Great watch , I went to 5 different jewelry stores and none of them carried the Titanium version . Set up was pretty easy . When ever I bend my wrist I change the digital time . There is no indiglo feature , the watch will illuminate if charged but the hands will fade quickly once out of light long enough . Very hard to remove the links , had to take it to a Jeweler . Wish the face was a little more scratch resistant ; first day I wore it I rubbed up on a handrail very slightly and the face scratched .
 After researching a bunch of watches , I settled on the Skyhawk with a titanium case and band . I love it . I do a lot of travelling and a lot of calls with people in different time zones . This watch makes it so easy for me to manage time zones . I 'm glad I chose the titanium because it 's so light . I wore an automatic watch for several years before buying the Skyhawk and got fed up with having to check it 's accuracy every week - I can now forget about that with the Skyhawk . It 's been totally accurate since I bought it . And I love the fact that I never have to replace the battery . I 'm hooked.Update
 The watch is everything it claims to be with only one minor drawback
 This is a great piece of craftsmanship from Citizen . It is easy to use and keeps perfect time . The eco drive concept is great . I have two seiko 's - one kinetic , the other automatic , and both ended up in a drawer when I got the citizen . My job is sitting at a desk most of the day , so my Seiko 's would go dead . I 'm too cheap to buy a device to move for me -LRB- watch winder -RRB- so I got a real watch and I 'll never go back . Now , if I could just figure out how to use the E6B ... One side note , it is a little larger than any other watch I 've owned . That 's not a problem , but the adjustment knob has given me a callous on the back of my left hand .
 This is my fourth titanium watch and second eco-drive titanium Citizen . This is a great watch . Nice and light . Easy to figure out , comes with interactive CD . You can input your own time zone , cool . I 've seen this watch in stores for as high as $ 600 , got it directly from Amazon , not the other stores , for $ 249 with free shipping . My only complaint , like the other reviewers is the easily scratchable face . Buy this watch , you with like it .
 I bought this watch because I really like the styling even though I 'm not a pilot -LRB- the ones who would get max use out of this watch -RRB- . At first , the watch seems really complicated and it certainly has a lot of features , but once you get to know it , it 's really easy to navigate through the features . The only negative I have about the watch is some of the painted numbers and outside dial markings on the watch have chipped off , and I have n't been rough with it . Overall though , I love the watch , especially that it nevers requires a battery or watch winder .
 This watch has worked out great for me . My previous watch , a Sieko Kinetic , died after only a few years - no more of those ! This Eco-drive has easily stayed charged with whatever light has been available . The titanium color and look work great for dress-up and swimming trunks . All controls and functions are easy to learn .
 First the good news
 Long-time owner . Purchased after careful research . I really love its style and functionality . As an aviator , the UTC mini-dial and world time zones -LRB- that can be flip-flopped with the main dial with a simple press of both buttons simultaneously ! -RRB- are great . So is the mini-E6B slide rule , which also gets significant use from me . In short , the features are fabulous , and I love this watch and am happy to own one.I must be fair and detail the minus-points :1 -RRB- While very rugged generally , regard this as a luxury watch with some utility toughness . Better to take it off if going into tough-duty areas or are going to be at risk of banging it or giving it violent or steady vibration.I 've beat mine a bit . I once fell on an icy sidewalk and it saved me from breaking my wrist by absorbing the shock . It was under heavy clothing , so I saved it from scratches , but I did break the pin joining the bracelet to the top of the body . That 's OK , it took the shock w/o any other damage.However , before this , I 'd owned the watch about 6 mos . when the indicator hand on the mode dial snapped off just before the pivot , dropping to the bottom of the case . It was probably damaged upon original assembly . This required warranty service , which was gratis , but I paid shipping and had to wear a backup for about 2 mos .2 -RRB- Take care with the crystal . Its curved shape makes it lens slightly . I do n't regard that as a flaw -LRB- although an anti-reflective coating would 've been nice -RRB- . However it makes it very vulnerable to accidental scuffing while maneuvering your arm around everyday obstacles . It can take a little light punishment fine , but without care you 'll eventually earn yourself a gouging scratch that could ruin the view of the face . Mine has been scuffed up over the years , but after getting the first scratch that only gently marred the view , I 've taken great care to take it off if turning a wrench or doing dishes , for example . That 's helped keep it in decent shape .3 -RRB- The worst thing about this watch is the mode selector . And it 's really bad . Downright terrible . Just plain awful . Consider : This is essentially an electronic watch with analog features and styling . To preserve the analog feel of the watch , the design has you select modes by rotating the crown , rather than by pushbutton . At first I thought that was a neat-o touch . And it was ... for a short time . The mechanism mechanically rotates an analog mode-indicator -LRB- referred to above -RRB- while at the same time engages some sort of micro-switching inside to set the electronics.I do n't know what that electro-mechanical mechanism looks like in there , but it has not succeeded in generating affirmative , accurate mode-selection over a long period . After a few years , very frequently the actual mode selected and that indicated on the mini-dial disagree -LRB- offset + / - one indication -RRB- . Worse still , most modes , once selected , can be adjusted -LRB- like the timer , alarms , hand alignment , time setting -RRB- . To adjust the mode , you then pull the crown out by one or two clicks and give it some more gentle rotation . The problem is , the watch has a nasty habit of jumping modes when you pull on the crown to adjust the mode you though you just selected . It seems like the internal switching is getting a little unwanted momentary contact or lack thereof through this crown mechanism , thereby sending confusing inputs to the electronics.And when turning the crown , you can feel a distinct cheapness or lack of robust engagement in your fingertips . It feels and quietly sounds like the mechanics inside must have been made from tinfoil . It 's a little disconcerting.I got over it after a few hours , when the watch was still new , and it functioned perfectly in this regard . But it 's clear that this part of the mechanism is not robust and wears out disproportionately fast compared to the rest of the watch , which is still in like-new condition , mechanically . I regard it a design flaw.But , if you can learn to live with this eventual supreme annoyance -LRB- and I have -RRB- , the watch as a whole is just wonderful.Would I buy it again ? That 's a solid maybe . I 'd want to for sure , but I think I 'd rather trade just a little of that analog watch feel
 I have four dogs , and a rotating crew of foster dogs and have tried countless products over the year for scrapes , cuts , dog/cat bites and skin tears . This product is hands down the BEST product for dog injuries that I have ever used . I have lent out bottles to other foster parents and they have liked it so much that they are disciples of it now , too . I wo n't go a day without having at least one bottle in the house -LRB- they have a tube of the same product in a gel form that is great too , especially for larger cuts -RRB- . One bottle usually lasts me four to five months.This spray is easy to apply and a little bit goes a long way . The collagen in the product helps wounds not just heal but actually CLOSE UP ! It is so great to see a cut start to close up in a day or two -LRB- as opposed to using just a regular topical antibiotic -RRB- . It is important to clean the wound before applying because of this product 's ability to close up the wound.Some of my dogs do n't seem the mind the taste of it , and will try to lick it off . However , the majority of my dogs do n't like the taste of it and do n't try to lick it off after I apply it .
 This stuff is great . I have a cat that has an open sore due to skin cancer . We 've been using it on him regularly and he is n't bothered by the use and it keeps it from getting infected . I would have given it 5 stars except it really does n't keep him from licking at it . We still have to bandage it tightly to keep him from worrying at it .
 She 'd been chewing on her paw for weeks insatiably and nothing could stop her . Then one day I happened to see a blurb for Trophy spray appearing on my Amazon page . After reading about it , I decided it was worth a try.Piper did n't mind having her foot sprayed with the Trophy that seemed to put a protective coating over the injury on her paw pad . She still would go after the pad after it was sprayed so usually I covered her paw with a little sock after it was sprayed . Within five days she stopped the chewing and the pad has healed nicely.So glad I bought and tried this product.Below is a link to the socks that we really like also.Como Pet Dog Puppy Socks w. Crown Pattern 6.7 x 3.2 cm
 Owning dogs , this is a product I will not be without . Always good to have on hand .
 I 'm basing my rating on all the ratings the product got on Cabela 's from avid hunters whose dogs have been cut up in the field . They raved about it and some even used it on themselves .
 This hat is very comfortable to wear . It firmly fits the head . The hat protects not only the head but also the face due to its wide brim.The hat does not have a care instructions label ; so it is hard to tell how to clean it , or whether it can be dry-cleaned at all . After wearing it often , the hat absorbs skin oil.Vented Sun Hat by Mountain Hardwear
 Great shoe . Strong yet light weight . New cleat configuration seems to be a bonus . Its still a little early to tell . No complaints !!!
 This hat is very comfortable to wear . It firmly fits the head . The hat protects not only the head but also the face due to its wide brim.The hat does not have a care instructions label ; so it is hard to tell how to clean it , or whether it can be dry-cleaned at all . After wearing it often , the hat absorbs skin oil.Vented Sun Hat by Mountain Hardwear
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 Holy cow . This stuff kills flies on contact ! Only issue I have is that it is VERY oily , and the oil attracts dirt . BUT , if fly free is what you are looking for , this stuff really works .
 I had been making my own fly spray -LRB- vinegar and water -RRB- but it did n't last long and was only partially effective . My farrier pulled out this brand of spray -LRB- he buys it in bulk -RRB- and within a few seconds of brief sprays , the flys were completely gone ! I shopped around for this stuff , but most of the descriptions leave out the size of the container , and even show confusing pictures so you do n't know what the cost/ounce is .
 Good Quality hat . My son loved it . The only thing is it 's a little big , it goes over his ears a bit , but not a big deal .
 First time doing business with this company and would definitly order through them again without hesitation . The hat was perfect , it was delivered even sooner then promised and my nephew was so pleased .
 Great shoe . Strong yet light weight . New cleat configuration seems to be a bonus . Its still a little early to tell . No complaints !!!
 Not sure why this exact product is listed in two different locations , but since I 'd written a review in another spot I felt compelled to copy and paste it here as well : This is a great starter to intermediate set of clubs . I was wary of the graphite shafts on the irons at first since my previous irons were an older set of steel shaft , forged Hogans . However , I prefer to walk courses when allowed and the decreased weight of the graphite makes a difference over the round . I also found that I liked the feel of the clubs a tad more than steel shafts . The driver is decent and after three trips to the range I was able to reach 250 rather consistently.If I were to be critical of any aspect of this set I 'd refer to the the 3 and 5 woods , the 3 & 4 hybrids , and the lack of a sand or lob wedge . Also , there are no head covers included . I 've found that in my game that I rarely use either the 3 or the 5 woods , but that may be attributable to my skill level and the courses that I frequent . I 'd never played with hybrids until I purchased this set and personally I 've had trouble getting used to them . They 're great from the fairway , but I ca n't discern any difference in loft or distance between the 3 or 4 . One hybrid would probably be enough , so I might swap the other with a regular 3-iron . Finally , I 've found that I use the p-wedge more than any other club except for my putter , whether it be from the box at a par 3 hole , within certain sight of the green , or even out of a trap . The addition of a lobber or a sand wedge would help a lot with getting more loft within lower yardages of the green.After reviewing the previous paragraph I realize it seems like a lot of negatives , but I 'll reiterate that this set is great for starters or intermediate players . Even after playing quite a bit the clubs show very little signs of wear . The Winn grips look and feel fantastic . And , since I 've been playing with this set my game has improved . Some of it has been more practice , but I love the feel of these clubs , I 've enjoyed experimenting with the hybrids , and it 's caused me to explore additional clubs and accessories in hopes of shaving a few strokes.Finally , as the previous reviewer suggested , look around for a deal . I actually got my set brand new for $ 150 and I 'm confident that I 'd be hard pressed to find the same value and quality in similarly priced clubs from knock-offs or lesser known brands .
 I purchased this set of clubs to replace some very old hand-me-downs that I started golfing with last summer . They were the right price , and I liked the way they felt when I tested them out at a golf outlet.Now that I 've had them for almost a year , I have a few observations . The irons are solid . My friend has a set of Adams that he paid three times as much for , and I hit the ball the same with those more expensive clubs as I do with the Wilsons . I get good loft out of the 7-9 irons , and great distance with the 5 wood . I dislike the hybrids a lot . I wish they had just given a standard 3-4 iron.The 3 and 5 wood are very poor quality . I broke the 3-wood after a few months , and the five wood a couple months later . They sheared off near the club . I am not the best golfer , and sometimes hit the ground before the ball , but I have to think them breaking was more than me giving them excessive wear-and-tear . I replaced the 3 and 5 wood with a couple Taylors , and they are much better , and I hit the ball further with them , although that could be in part to gaining skill as I 've golfed more recently.If you want an inexpensive set of clubs to learn the game with , these are pretty good , except for the 3 and 5 woods . The irons are great , and in opinion , as good as more expensive clubs .
 Great shoe . Strong yet light weight . New cleat configuration seems to be a bonus . Its still a little early to tell . No complaints !!!
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 It is a very nice size key chain , and the ring itself is very sturdy .
 Good quality key chain that hangs proudly on my 94 year old grandmother 's purse . Nice size as well . Go Pack !
 This key chain is made of plastic but made very well . The graphics are awesome . It is also very light weight .
 This is a wonderful keychain . Very well made , and durable . Anything with Washington Redskins is top quality . Would highly recommend this product to any fan !! Shipped fast !! Very pleased !!
 Hopefully , the NFL will resume this fall , but this is the only jersey for me . High quality material and looks great .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 I own several other Citizen watches and except for one irritating detail , this is my favorite . The clasp on this watch stinks . It is difficult to put on and as opposed to the typical foldover type clasps it has very little adjustibility . The foldovers allow you to adjust in small increments , but on this watch it 's a full link or nothing , probably a good 1/4 '' or so . This is the reason I gave it only 4 stars . Other iterations -LRB- Blue Angels etc. -RRB- of this watch with the stainless or titanium bands may be of the conventional foldover clasps . I have n't seen any of these in person.It 's a fairly heavy watch so if this is not to your liking you may want to opt for one of the titanium versionsThe timer and alarm functions are great and easy to use . I bought it primarily for the time zone feature and this works great unless you are looking for one of those weird 1/2 hr time zones . You are able to add one city/timezone that you can input a 3 letter abbreviation for the city and the time offset from GMT/UTC . I wish you were able to add more of your own and delete some of the other preset cities but this is not a showstopper.The rotating dial-sliderule does work but I doubt that I will use it much . It does look good , however . Overall it is an attractive and functional watch . I really like the solar power feature . It keeps very accurate time.A tip when setting the time : Synchronize the SECONDS with an accurate time source , and then proceed to change the hr . and minute times . The seconds keep ticking while you are setting the hr . and minute . Just make sure you ae getting the minute set correctly in relation to where the seconds are . -LRB- Harder to write than to do . -RRB-
 I own two other Citizen watches and I love them . The style is great and they keep excellent time . I put my watches through some abuse and have never had any problem with them . I have coveted the Skyhawk for some time having first seen it in the Blue Angels model . I did however opt for a less expensive and plainer model but the same watch . This is the perfect watch for a `` techhead '' . And those of you who have reservations about doing online business with Amazon , have no fear ! I have been extremely pleased with the service .
 I did n't think I would buy this watch from Amazon but with free shipping it was the best deal on the net . I went on a 3 week trip to Europe with it and the various time zones was great . This watch is actually not as complicated to use as it seems . The lume at night is good . I just wish the alarm was a little louder . The ruler is a great tool to use for currency conversion when traveling overseas . It is also quite accurate
 Yeah , yeah , yeah ... I know , I know , I know ... Bond wears a Seamaster and before that a Rolex Submariner ... I just received this watch as a gift from my wife in honor of our anniversary and although I have not had a chance to delve into all of its features yet , I am already extremely thrilled about this watch . I do n't travel a lot internationally but I do have many international business contacts which require careful considerations with respect to time differences . I used to go on the internet to check the world time before phoning them , now I just push a few buttons on my watch and I 'll know what time it is anywhere in the world at my conveniece.Another reviewer said the watch 's weight might be a concern , but frankly , I rather relish it . As my parents used to say , `` If it 's heavy , it 's probably expensive . ''
 The watch is beautiful and has held up great in the 3 yrs I 've owned it . The band on the other hand is horrible , I have had to have it repaired several times due to the black links falling off . I liked this band for my husband better due to it being more sporty rather than dressy , however I now wish I would have purchased this watch with the all titanium band .
 I was intrigued by this watch . My only concern was about how difficult it would be to use . Much to my delight , this watch was easy to set and very easy to use . The features are the ones that you will use if you travel between time zones.Highly Recommended !
 I 've had this watch for about a week , picked it up for $ 125 on shnoop.com and it is quickly growing on me . Fit & finish is great and it has a very nice bezel . It took me a little while to size the bracelet but not a big deal . This is my first eco-drive and the solar engine works very well . A day in the sun and the watch is charged for several months ; if it goes into power saver mode the watch can go two years on a full charge . I would n't worry about the weight on this one
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 i love this attachment ... have the original wavemaster ... in the beginning , it slipped a bit , but with adjustment it 's fine ... makes the bag workout complete ...
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 I give this elliptical a score of 100 . Takes up little to no room , delivers an effective workout - lot of arm movement and stride length . Feels very well put together and stable . Very happy with the quality of this piece
 This elliptical is as smooth , if not smoother than the ones at my gym . It 's so compact and takes so little room that it can be put infront of the TV while still delivering a very long stride length and arm movement . Very happy with my purchase and would recommend this to anyone .
 One of the best elliptical trainers I have ever used -LRB- I use many different kinds at my gym -RRB- but smaller and less expensive . Exceeded my expectations big time !
 I bought this product because the frame is very light and comfortable . I can wear it for long hours without any problem .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 I recommend this watch . The 28C03 is a Swiss-made timepiece that uses the Valjoux 7750 mechanical automatic chronograph movement , which is a very respected movement . The caseback has a window so you can see the movement at work . The rotor -LRB- it winds the movement when you wear your watch -RRB- is decorated with the Accutron logo . The watch is substantial but not overly big in diameter , though it is thick . Very nice multi-piece bracelet . This watch is all about the movement . What 's a little unusual is that the day of week is displayed ; most often that disk is left covered by the dial . My understanding is that this watch is no longer being manufactured .
 After reading lots of good things about this , I got it for my recent hiking trip . It was great and provided the lightest solution to carry 3ltrs of water - which is recommended for an average day 's hike . I docked off 1 star because the drinking mechanism can be a little difficult . As the reservoir gets drained , you need to blow air into it from time to time through the mouth piece . As promised , it added nothing to the taste of the water and did n't have any problems with the zip . It 's like a ziplock on top , but does NOT leak . I also had other items in my backpack and so I know that it 's quite durable and does n't burst open from being in a slightly crammed pack . As I was going up past 19000ft , I also got the drinking tube insulator and did not have my tube freeze . Some have reported on message that this could happen.Overall I was very happy with the product .
 All I have to say is that for those of you looking to get rid of that plastic taste ... this is the answer . I have a Camelbak hydration pack . No matter what I did I could n't get rid of that plastic taste , and I tried a lot of things . I tried all of the suggestions on Camelbak 's website , as well as the suggestions of others with the same complaint . In the process , I learned that Platypus is made of a different type of plastic ... either the whole thing , the inside lining , or the tube alone . I do n't know , but it solved the problem . Now water tastes like refreshing water .
 LOVE this product . I 've tried lots of different brands and usually get a plastic taste from them . Not the case w / Platyus brand . The big zip on top is the way to go . It makes cleaning easy plus I fill my pack up w / ice then add water . When I put it in my day pack for work or hiking I can but snacks next to the pack and it keeps my water and snacks cold all day .
 It is a great watch . It is light and sturdy and looks great , however you are unable to read the time in the dark , and for that I can only give it four stars instead of five .
 I bought this watch for my 15 year old grandson and I was a hit , which is not easy for a grandmother . It looks much more expensive than it is and works great .
 I purchased this watch for my boyfrieds bday . It got here in good timimg and he loved it . Its a very nice watch . . : -RRB-
 I 've used the BG series of reels since the late 1970 's . Their ball bearing works and smooth drag are really fine .
 This edition of ED SULLIVAN 'S ROCK-N-ROLL CLASSICS is two half-hour episodes of the syndicated `` Best of Sullivan '' series . Jay Thomas narrates vintage film clip montages prior to each act.All but one are complete performances . A lip-synched `` Good Morning Starshine '' is drastically edited . With the Mamas & Papas medley , they sing live over a studio track on `` Monday Monday '' and lip synch to a `` California Dreamin ' '' recording.Highlights
 Seller verified color availability with me before shipping . Correct item received within 48 hours . Excellent & friendly service & item was exactly as expected .
 The clubs are quality made , bag is lightweight and there is an extra iron , sometimes they only include a 8 iron or W . This has both . For the price you can not beat this . My daughter is 9 and they will last her 3 years most likely . Definitely recommend this product . Places like Walmart etc. , may have cheaper clubs but it is worth the bit extra to buy these .
 The description and title clearly stated for ages 8-12 ! There were no specifications regarding the color when I placed my order -LRB- AMAZON changes the title and description every now and then -RRB- and after reading the comments , I thought AMAZON decided to sell just one size -- for ages 8-12 . I read the description over and over to make sure I am getting something my 10 year-old could use . It came within 2 days with my PRIME account and we were excited to open the box -LRB- by the way , the box also says `` ages 8-12 '' -RRB- . Okay , the quality of the clubs is very good and the bag is nice and it included the divider so all the different clubs are in their proper places . I actually like it a lot ... except that they sent me the purple one which is more like `` for the ages of 6-8 '' rather than 8-12 . It 's somewhat irritating that these can never be used by my 10 year old , they were too short and small ! Fortunately , I have a granddaughter who is 7 and she has shown interest in golf , so these will be going to her instead . Ordering these should come with a warning
 Like mentioned in another review , I expected pink clubs but got the purple . I ordered the Large set for my five year old -LRB- she 's very tall for her age -RRB- . Somewhere they need to do a better job of being clear on what color you will receive , or give you a choice . I did not even see purple listed . With that said , the clubs and bag seem like quality peices , well constructed and weighted . The stand bag looks like it will hold up for a few years . I think this set is well worth the price of $ 69.00 . Would give 5 stars but I will wait to see how they hold up to actually use , and the fact that I did not get the pink ones .
 Great set of clubs ... good starter set . Bag is nothing fancy but it has lots of compartments for balls , tees etc. . Seven year old daughter loved it as a birthday gift - just a little heavy for her but not too bad .
 Excellent starter set for a new junior golfer . Price and quality perfect . Recommend for anyone wanting to teach a junior golf .
 I must admit , it took longer than I thought to come in , but it was well worth the wait . They missed her June birthday party but I was able to print a picure and give her the golf balls . The clubs arrived today and they are great . Ca n't wait t to give them to her weekend .
 Bought for my granddaughter and she loves them . Great product and the price was just right . Color is just great for a little girl .
 nice add on to my growing New England collection . nicely built and fully detailed pair .
 It is a very nice size key chain , and the ring itself is very sturdy .
 Good quality key chain that hangs proudly on my 94 year old grandmother 's purse . Nice size as well . Go Pack !
 This key chain is made of plastic but made very well . The graphics are awesome . It is also very light weight .
 This is a wonderful keychain . Very well made , and durable . Anything with Washington Redskins is top quality . Would highly recommend this product to any fan !! Shipped fast !! Very pleased !!
 Good flame ... better than cheap tea lights from a home decoration or discount store . Worked very well in my UCO Micro lantern . Each lasted 3-4 hours .
 This is a good price for a great little caddy
 My husband loved this . Perfect size for wall decor . Any Wolverine fan would like this . Great addition to a sports fan collection
 I 've always wanted one of these . They are well made and fun . It does n't fit my head perfectly , I have to tuck the tops of my ears under it for it to stay secure , but I have a pretty small head . It should n't be too much of a problem for anyone with an average head size .
 The NFL shop did not have it but I found it here . It arrived as sheduled and was the exact gift my son had asked for .
 What can I say ? The light is excellent . The price is acceptable . I wish the time it lasts on high beam was longer but that 's life . Will buy another eventually , I am sure .
 Like Frank Thomas ' game the magnetic cabinet closures came cracked from overtightening of the screws during assembly . Overall we are happy with the game It was easy to hang , folds easily into the cabinet and the kids have played almost non-stop . It does take abuse during normal play and so far has stood up to the pounding . I hope that replacement parts wo n't be hard to get when things start to wear out . I would much rather repair than to throw out because it is good entertainment .
 I purchased this game for my girlfriends kids age 9 and 12 and they love it . I swear I have never seen or heard a machine take such a pounding and still keep on going . This thing is very well built and could not be more satisfied . The only thing is when it was built from the factory the plastic that holds the magnets for the doors to stay closed were both cracked but over all it one tough toy just dont plan on resting when the kids are using it cause it is quite noisy .
 It is a very nice size key chain , and the ring itself is very sturdy .
 Good quality key chain that hangs proudly on my 94 year old grandmother 's purse . Nice size as well . Go Pack !
 This key chain is made of plastic but made very well . The graphics are awesome . It is also very light weight .
 This is a wonderful keychain . Very well made , and durable . Anything with Washington Redskins is top quality . Would highly recommend this product to any fan !! Shipped fast !! Very pleased !!
 I received one of these blankets -LRB- albeit a different team -RRB- when my little one was born . He is almost a year old and still loves it for naptime ! It 's also just long enough to cover his legs in his carseat/stroller on a windy day . When he was smaller , it would cover most of him : - -RRB- I ordered this blanked for a friend 's baby shower and just received it in the mail . Everything about it is high quality . The embroidered logos , the satin trim , and the cozy fleece of the blanket and ball . It 's a perfect baby 's first ball and surely baby 's first team gear.Warm enough to snuggle as a newborn and fun enough to tote around as a toddler !
 The product is a bit larger than I expected . It would be more fitting for a toddler , than baby . It has more soft fabric and the silky feel is only at the bottom trim . Colors are pretty true to school colors . Nice gift for the football family .
 Nice Product . My 1 month old nephew seem to like it , I think.GO EAGLES
 This was a great product , very cute and good quality . Received it very quickly too !
 I bought this hat , as a hat with no particular emblems that can cause trouble -LRB- sports logos ... -RRB- It turns out that this is one of the best hats I have ever owned . I have had it for about a month , and I think I will end up getting another one when this one wears out.The only thing that I am not too happy about is that the back has an open adjustment insted of a closed , one size fits all , system , but its not that bad and its not the plastic tabs , which is nice.All in all , this was a great purchase .
 Very well made coat ! However would need more layers in the below 30 degree weather .
 This watch is ALL stainless steel . If you 're tired of watches with a plastic case where the silver paint wears off and the case breaks under normal wear , this may be the watch for you . It is a little heavy but to be expected from a solid steel case . It has the feel of real quality . The alarm could be a little louder but the sound has to make it through all that steel . I owned the plastic version of this watch ; the point where the watchband attaches broke within two years -LRB- so much for a watch with a 10 year battery -RRB- . Note that this watch is 100 meter water resistant not 50 ; also this is a Casio EFA110D not an EFA11-D -LRB- both very good things -RRB- . The seller JUSTCALCULATORS was excellent . I ca n't say enough good things about this watch . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 I wanted to buy an inexpensive watch but could n't stand any plastic or cheap material . This watch is ideal for that purpose . It is pretty and all metal . However I find the hands do not stand out very clearly from the wathc face because of their colors . It would be nice if they use lighter color for the two watch hands . But it 's not such a big deal . After a few weeks , I 'm getting used to the new look of my watch now !
 I bought this because it was highly rated by Boat US for inflatable dinghy 's and jonboats . The number 1 ladder from the jonboat , the David Swim Stirrup , also ranked highest on the RIB . It was the perfect length -LRB- about 20 inches below the waterline -RRB- for all the testers . See the following link for details
 Nice size , very convenient . Easy to mount on the seat bar , took only a minute . Bag is big enough to hold several extra water bottles , a windbreaker , wallet , Ipod , small bike pump , and an extra tube . No complaints . The clip on/off feature works great . If this is in your price range , buy it , you will not be disappointed . -LRB- Update after a couple years of use
 Just the right size bag -LRB- 430ci -RRB- for holding whatever I 'm bringing for lunch and/or snacks , my cable lock , and other items . It even has an integrated tool drawer in the back for multitools , tire pressure gauges , etc. . Since the bag comes with a grab handle and a strap , I can just take the bag when running errands , load it up , then slide it on the rack and go . Do n't know how I did without this !
 My partner got one of these , and now I 'm buying one too . It 's roomy , easy to install , and a snap to slide on and off the rack . You can stash essential bike tools , rainwear , snacks and such that may come in handy on a long ride or , in my case , for commuting to work . The rack is absolutely stable on a steel or alloy bike post . One caveat
 Bought this rack and bag combo for my 28 mile roundtrip work commute and for fun rides with my fiance.Great buy ! I highly recommend it if you want a rack and bag that you can pull off easily so do n't have the extra rack weight when you do n't want it . Fits my 27.2 mm seat stem securely with the provided rubber pads.The bag holds just what I need for my commute and is well made and durable . Very happy with this purchase .
 Really love this trunk bag . I commute back & forth to work about 3 days a week about 13 miles round trip.Been using bag for about 4 months now , had to modify to fit sit post because Im rather short & have to have my sit all way down but other than that its been a great sturdy bag with its rail & locking mechanism.Does not move around at all , and has plenty of storage space for lunch & change of clothes dont worry about stuffing it to full , zippers are very sturdy . Hope this review helps you out .
 I purchased the Topeak Trunk Bag and Beam Rack for my stripped down 12-speed just prior to the 2008 Seattle to Portland -LRB- STP -RRB- bike ride . I found it to be an exceptional product and held everything I needed from spare tubes , small tool kit , basic junk food and a light jacket . The quality of construction is excellent and the attachment mechanism from bag to rail is easy to use and well thought out .
 The rack & bag took about 2 minutes to attach to the bike . The rack is top quality , solid and attaches easily as does the slide-on & clip bag.A great setup for carrying small grocery items or personal gear .
 This has been great , I no longer use a messenger bag . Sometimes I 'd like to have the paniers , but overall I 've enjoyed it and it has worked well . My biggest gripe is that my post is too small for the rack and I had to use several layers of duct tape to make it attach .
 I commute to work sometimes by bike . It has just enough room for me to put a pair of pants and a shirt . It also has side pockets that can hold slim items.I love it . My money well spent . One improvement would be on the installation . It has a quick release and rubber cushion for a good grip but it was not enough for my seat post . I had to put additional rubber .
 The rack and trunk bag are easy to use . I wish the bag was a little bit bigger , but I can manage to carry lunch , work clothes and a few other essentials on my commute . My only complaint is that it seems to rattle around a little bit , but so far it 's been stable , and it 's really quick to slide the trunk bag on and off the rack .
 This gets an A + rating for it 's good zippers , big middle compartment and efficient design . It 's made well and can take the hit when you miss the turn or slide on gravel and ca n't stay upright . The bag detaches from the rack easily so you can take it with you . The rack has a very adjustable fastening tab so it can fit on a variety of seat posts . I use it on my road bike for long rides . It is heavy and I would not race with it but it does carry needed gear and food for a long ride . It is a great addition to a mountain bike for trail riding .
 I love this bag . Perfect for putting my wallet and cell phone in . I can also but my book in there when going to the library .
 This is a great product , it comes with different size shims and with the right combination fit my bike perfectly . The bag slides on and clips so it is very secure , no worrys about it comming off -LRB- like if you were to just bunggie something down -RRB- . It is a little costly for the combo , but you get what you pay for and this is well made and will last a long time .
 The MTX combo set was a perfect gift for my husband and he loves it as it makes his trek to work more feasible for whatever he needs to take with him .
 I mainly use my bike to get a workout . And yet I found myself riding my bike to the store to pick up a few items , and to a local place for breakfast . I like to read my paper and solve the crossword puzzle over coffee . I needed something to carry those few items.The rack went on the seat post easy . It fits well . There are no vibrations . The bag while small , fulfills my needs . It slides onto the rack very easly and snaps into place . I like this product . It does the job.But I have had this product for only a week .
 These are great products ! The bag carries everything I need-sure beats stuffing your pockets . The back and rack stay secured at 60mph on the back of my car . After the initial install , I only had to re-tighten the rack once . My taillight attaches to a loop on the bag . While riding , I do n't even notice that the rack and bag are there . Do n't commute without one !
 Went on really fast and really like the quick release mount . Although I wish they had the larger bag with this rack .
 this bag/rack combo is almost perfect for my bike commute . it is certainly the best i 've owned , but just not quite perfect.the MTX beam rack EX is AWESOME . it serves as a rear fender , and it is far BETTER than any other bike rack i 've used . all other bike racks that i 've used have rattled out , vibrated nuts and bolts loose and generally have been a pain . i 've had this for several years , rode with it almost daily and have had zero problems . it has some bungees on the bottom and a small built-in drawer on the very end which i do n't use . it has a red reflector on the end that could theoretically be replaced with a tail light but i have n't found any tail light that would mount on it -LRB- but i have n't really looked for one either -RRB- . the EX bike rack has a 15 lbs weight limit which probably means the side pannier accessory available for this would be of limited use.the MTX EX trunk bag is pretty darn good too . i typically carry phone , keys , wallet , ipad , lunch , coins , a few papers , bike u-lock , flash drives , odds and ends in it on a daily basis even if i do n't ride . but , it is a bit too small -LRB- narrow/short -RRB- to fit books or most laptops aside from maybe a ibook or mini laptop -LRB- but i have n't tried - it is certainly way too small for our 15 inch mac laptop -RRB- . one other thing is i used to carry my change , keys and work ID in the mesh side pockets but the mesh has developed tears so now those side pockets are pretty much useless unless i only put large items in them -LRB- but the side pockets are narrow -RRB- . the bungee strap on top is not useful for me . it comes with a shoulder strap and divider for the main compartment which are both useless for me . but , the divider and strap are easy to remove . i had clipped a tail light to the rear handle/strap but that fell off somewhere on the first ride so i have n't tried that again . it is very easy to attach and remove , it is very secure on the rack with the QR system . absolutely no problems with that . as others have mentioned , the padding on the inside seems to be useless to me as well , it wo n't really keep things cool in a black bag and reduces the capacity some . but it does keep things from banging together i guess , but i also stuff it almost full so there is n't much room for banging anyway . so , my main complaint is the bag is a bit too big for what i can carry but a bit too small to carry any more.with all that said , i do wish i had bought a slightly larger MTX bag/rack combo such as the MTX trunk bag DX or even the EXP and the slightly heavier MTX QR rack + / - side pannier attachment . but i will almost certainly use this for years to come .
 What a great addition to my mountain bike ! Plenty of room for a full size digital SLR , and it comes with a shoulder strap , too . The exterior pockets are extremely handy as well . Installation was simple . It looks great on the bike , and the other types of bags that also fit the rack are definitely on my list . Best of all , getting this bag and rack together saved me quite a few bucks!Topeak MTX Combo Set - MTX EX Trunk Bag with MTX Beam Rack EX
 What a great deal . Rockford Bicycle co. has a similar item that would have cost me well over a hundred dollars with the bracket and bag . I saved over fifty dollars buying this combo package on amazon . The bag slides into and locks securely into the bracket frame . There is plenty of space in the bag for a few water bottles and if you wanted to take a lunch for two there 's room ! The bracket seems to be constructed well and locks onto the seat post with no problems . What a great deal and great product as well ! I could n't be happier with my purchase .
 I took this with me on a 30 mile hill climb with my daughter . Great bag for a day ride and easy to install . It held sandwiches , large bag of apples for a group , sunscreen , keys , snacks , small shirt . There are side pockets but they are close to the body so items in side pockets need to be relatively flat . Overall it fit my needs . I will be using it for a 7 day bike ride with my daughter where we 'll be riding 30-50 miles a day .
 This system works great . I like that it does not have posts leading to the rear axle . Clean lines . Bag slides on and off the rack nicely and fits everything we need for a days ride .
 This was actually bought as a gift for someone else , however , I had recently purchased s very similar item for my wife . Actually the trunk bag is identical but the rack is different.The bag is extremely sturdy without being too heavy and has a very large capacity for everything she wants to carry on her bike rides . The bag is made specifically to mate to the companion racks and locks securely in place but still allows for quick removal . The bag also has convenient carry handles and an exterior mesh pocket to allow quick retrieval of smaller items.All of the Topeak items we have bought are all of superior quality with a lot of thought given to their actual utility.The vendor was also top rated with great prices and quick shipping .
 Very pleased with this , it saves me lugging around all sorts of stuff in my messenger bag , plus its simple to fit and to release bag . Most of all fantastic value .
 I read the reviews before I purchased and knew it was smaller than a pannier but could hold a decent amount . When I first got the bag , I was shocked by how small it actually was and thought I was going to need to return it . I gave it a shot and I 'm glad I did ! I 'm a commuter biker and have been able to fit shoes , a full outfit , my lunch , and sizable make up bag all in this little guy . You have to be creative when fitting everything but it IS possible . Now that I 'm packing more than sandals and summer clothes , I slide my make up bag in the top portion under the criss-cross stretch cords and it holds perfectly . When winter time rolls around , I think I will strap my boots/shoes with a plastic bag and bungee cords to the top . I 'm just happy to not have a packback on my back anymore ! Be warned that you ca n't fit much on the side pockets . I have my chapstick and a wrench in the pockets but thats about all you can slide in there.My only complaint is the rack . I ca n't quite get it tight enough so that it does n't swing around back and forth while I ride . It comes with rubber inserts to hold it in place and I may just need to try out different sizes but its hard to get it just right . I also needed to adjust my seat a bit higher so that the clip does n't snap out over bumps . I do love that you can slide it on and off so easily !
 Great bag . I just used it on RAGBRAI . It held what I needed as I crossed Iowa . I liked the rack as well but , my only complaint is the size of the seat post clamp . As I pedaled , my legs touched the clamp . It made me sore for the 1st couple of long rides but , I eventually got used to it .
 I really love this combo for my mountan bike , it can be a tote bag and a trunk for your bike .
 This is a great deal . The beam rack is easy to install and the bag is spacious enough for lunch , a book , a light jacket , a tube and an emergency tool .
 Works well and does not require anything else except BB 's , not even a CO2 carrdrige . Is great for playing with friends , worth the $ 15 .
 This is an AIRSOFT gun . AIR GUNS usually use .177 PELLET or .22 PELLET ammo , AND have 2-4 times this price . Secondly , this is a SPRING pistol , slide-cocking , airsoft gun and NO CO2 for those few who do n't realize how cheap this is ... Third , the P99 IS the real-life counterpart to both the fake P99 here and the also fake P22 elsewhere.Honestly , I believe this is one of those guns which you can find at a cheap airsoft gun store anywhere , but the quality is basically there . These brand-less -LRB- this part may help you later -RRB- guns usually have only low to moderate quality , so pick one which is reviewed or has been sold a lot . If you want to buy a good gun , maybe you would try to find a brand name one . If you want this , use it for messing around , it does n't seem to have much power .
 Really nice and specially hard to find in stores . Excellent shape , great look and a really good price ... You got a big brand behind it so , there 's no way to be disappointed .
 This product really works as it should . This is a good value product and I would but again when required .
 THIS SHIRT SURE HELPS WITH THE PAIN OF THE FINS NOT MAKING IT VERY FAR LAST YEAR . THE SHIRT IS GREAT . ART WORK FADED A LITTLE BUT IT IS WELL LOVED .
 I can see where they can probly charge this much because it is an exact replica of the m4 but Why would people use this for training when they could get a real gun and use rubber bullets?it dont make a whole lot of sense to me but i aint gunna say nuthin bad about it if i have ner = ver used it .
 My kid loves it , he is 12 . very easy install , little blurry , but for the money you ca n't beat it . 50 yards he keeps it in the circle and on the paper .
 Scopes can be extremely expensive , and many of them wo n't perform better for this great 22 than this setup ! It 's nice to have some market this scope with the mount and rings - nothing to it .
 Seems to work great all parts were present upon delivery and super easy to install ... I 'm very happy with the product
 Bought this for a grandson . We customized his Ruger 1022 . The most important thing is he loves it . The nice part about this is the kit was complete
 Fits perfectly on our Ruger 10/22 . Nice and compact , the mount rings actually work well . It 's actually nicer than most of the scopes we were looking at in the store .
 Great little scope for my relic Mossy .22 tube magazine rifleMy local gunshop told me he thought someone spent `` $ 150 or more '' . I paid $ 36 .
 This scope is perfect for this Rifle . Easy to install and `` a piece of Cake '' to zero in @ 100 yards . You must apply reading comp. , common sense , and a tiny screwdriver . I also recommend a 25 round banana magazine for a lot of fun and good hunting . -LRB- about $ 30 -RRB- . Coachobee
 The item fit perfect and delivery of the item was faster than expected . The finish of the product was great and len cleaner and wipe were included with the product which was unexpected .
 It took me some time to get it mounted properly but once I did , it is fantastic . I did n't need the mount but the rings and scope are being well used .
 This is a very good bar for Lat Pulldowns . It 's well made and sturdy . I prefer this style bar because with the right form I 'm able to feel my entire lat working during the ROM . The handle grips are comfortable and you can do closer grip underhanded pulldowns comfortably with the grips on the bar itself .
 This is a well made piece of necessary body building machinery . Back , triceps , etc. . The more clever you get , the better this piece works . Price is right on and even better if you have a prime membership .
 I just bought this gun two weeks ago and it is easily the best one I have gotten . It costs a hundred bucks , which is n't very cheap but a good price for a quality AEG . It shoots powerfully at 330 fps , and is accurate for about 75-80 feet . I would recommend this gun to anyone that does n't want to pay $ 300 dollars but still wants a good gun . This gun is much better than the $ 30 dollar versions . Just remember to use .2 g BB 's or you will have no accuracy .
 I wish i could give this gun more than 5 stars because this gun deserves it . It is so accurate when you are shooting full auto you could hit a soda can from 50 feet away ` bout 20 times in a row . It shoots about 18-20 rps so thats up to 1200 rpm . The magazine is also cool , you practically never have to reload : -RRB- Get some KSC bbs or higher grade bbs to go along with this gun for the best accuracy and performance . I 've played about ten games of airsoft in my neighborhood and I still have n't lost . Even when they put me on a team with only two other people against 5 people we still win . I hit three people from about 120-150 feet away 3-5 times each . GET THIS GUN !!!
 Good gun . Feels natural for adult-sized person . Perfect for anyone who is an occasional player or semi-serous . Hi-cap mag is a little strange at first compared to normal cap . mags , but you get used to it . Stock battery and charger sucks
 Review by Elizabeth 's son : I 'm 13 so I 'm not a pro -LRB- yet -RRB- but I can tell you that this is a great gun for any airsoft war , in the field or just in your backyard.Ive put it through 1.5 years of abuse winning 6-9 times outta 10 and never had to deal with a jam.It comes with a fake scope so I recommend spending the $ 6.99 on a magnified rifle scope : BARSKA 4x15 Rimfire RiflescopeWhy a rifle scope ? Because now I can hit people at 70 + yards . Mine came with a 350rd mag but I bought a couple extra mags which come in handy when you do n't have time to dump bbs in the reservoir of your standard hi-cap magazine . It also comes with a 9.6 v 1200 mAh battery that usually lasts 4-6 hours of game time.Overall it 's a good gun if you do n't want to spend the extra money on a Tokyo Marui or an Echo 1 . Pros : -360 fps-800 rpm-Accurate to 50yd 's -LRB- without scope -RRB- 95yd 's max -LRB- with magnified scope -RRB- - Runs for about 4-6 hours-Hi-Cap mag-Metal gearbox-Long lifespan-Very low price -LRB- for a pro A.E.G -RRB- Cons : - Flimsy fore grip .
 I have only begun to find out this weapon 's abilities and it is an excellent weapon . It is definately worth the money you pay for it . It fires very straight and the black paint looks great . I do dislike the clip on it though because the gearbox takes up alot of the clip but it is necessary . Also be careful when you operate the foregrip .
 im her son this is just a good gun accurate too . my friend is a dead on marksman and he loves this gun the scope is worthless but i bought a reel one i like this gun but mine didnt come with a second mag .
 i dk = ont think that this is worth $ 100 bucks but since its from airsplat i recommend it . airsplat OWNS !!!!!!!!!!!
 we bought these for my elderly father . He liked them but they were a bit slippery so we had to stop using them .
 These pants are very durable . The buttons make quick removal when necessary and allow for maximum ventilation .
 I liked the pants . They are warm , stylish , and cool . I love you !
 Loved this hat , its well made and my boyfriend still shows it to everyone who visits a year later ... safe to say , he loved it ! If you or your man is a Steeler fan , you cant go wrong !
 This is a really cool gift for those kid fans !!! My daughter has it and she loves it -- she uses it while she 's on the floor playing video games , reading , watching tv , drawing , etc -- but she also use it while she 's lounging around on her bed -- the company that sells it has some GREAT other stuff too and are always great to order from . I got a TON of Christmas gifts there for my MAV Kids !
 I have had this Timbuk2 Metro bag for almost 9 months now and I must say , I ca n't kill it ! It is one tough little bag . I say `` little '' but I do manage to fits lots of stuff in there without the bag weighing a ton . I do n't treat it with care , I am rough on my bags ... and it holds up . It is attractive and fits very well across my torso ... not uncomfortable at all . Five stars !!!
 I love this bag ! It holds plenty of stuff for a weekend of shopping in the city . My wallet had a secure place in the larger , zippered inside pocket . The large , open area fit a small umbrella , two cosmetic cases filled with smaller items , a camera , and plenty of room for a small , rolled up sweater if needed . There 's also a variety of smaller pockets inside as well as a side , netted area for a small water bottle . There 's a small , elasticized pocket on the outside for a cell phone . It rained all weekend and my phone did not get wet . I would 've given it 5 stars if maybe there was a zipper for the entire main compartment . However , my stuff was still secure and dry with the velcro closures on the front underneath the flap . I like the size of it and I had no problem with the strap . I saw someone carrying a larger Timbuk2 bag and that looked way too big -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- to be carrying around all day .
 I use this bag to hold my basic stuff as I bike-commute to my job . It 's a great , durable , stylish , well-made bag . Timbuk2 is cool quality , through and through . I also have two Timbuk2 classic messenger bags , which are great when I need to take more stuff along , but for light trips , the Metro is the one .
 I purchased this bag about a year ago and have taken it on many trips since . The bag has lots of space without being too bulky , and the multiple compartments make it easy to keep your stuff organized and secure on the go .
 I purchased this bag since I take MTA to get to work , and a small bag but work-type is what is needed.Durable for the hustle of city life but chic enough to go to work with.It 's small enough to look like a `` cute '' work purse .
 For some reason I thought I was getting a 3/4 '' wood top table , but was a little surprised to get some sort of plastic top . Apparently this is an outdoor table . With several young children I decided that it was n't all bad - especially since I was 2 hours into a 3 hour assembly process . There is n't quite the same soft tapping there is with a wood table , but it is considerably lighter and cups left on the table wo n't raise wood rings.The undercarriage is as solid as I can imagine a 190 lb . table can provide , but the table sways when 5-year old children lean against it . While I would n't want to repeat the assembly process , the end result was worth it and our whole family played -LRB- or began learning to play -RRB- . The paddle and ball holders in the center are really handy .
 We just got this table from another vendor and finished assembling it today . It was actually the second table we received , because the first was damaged in shipping . This one arrived in perfect shape , and we lost no time unpacking it and diving into the assembly process . First of all , it 's a very heavy table -- around 190 lbs. , at least in the box -- and they are n't kidding when they say you need two -LRB- strong -RRB- people to assemble it . From start to finish , including about 20 minutes I spent on the Internet trying to clarify a particular step in the instructions , I estimate it took 8 hours to assemble . If you 're like me , you probably do n't have two 10mm and two 19mm wrenches on hand . I used our two -LRB- large -RRB- adjustable wrenches for most of the assembly process , and that was a mistake . Do yourself a favor and go buy at least the two 10mm ones -LRB- small , if possible -RRB- -- which are used for almost everything -- at a hardware or home improvement store . I finally ended up getting a couple of them for about $ 13 total -- well worth the money . Had I had them at the beginning , I probably would have saved two hours of assembly time . Next , the assembly instructions , though complicated , are fairly good -- if you 're used to assembling complex pieces from IKEA or other stores , you should be able to deal with this . But you have to be careful -- there are more than 200 pieces -LRB- yes , 200 -RRB- , and some of the drawings are quite subtle . The one place you have to be especially careful is the very first step -LRB- `` A '' -RRB- , when you position the two end pieces -LRB- piece number `` 8 '' -RRB- as you 're building the supporting structure . These can either face one way or the other , and the drawing is n't clear . I could n't find the answer on line either , even by looking at zoomed-in photos of the table . If you make a mistake here , you 'll end up having to spend a huge amount of time taking things apart again and redoing them . Basically , the two smooth sides of the crossbar should face out , not in toward the center ; the `` open '' crossbar sides should face inward . If you look closely at the drawing , you 'll see that that 's what the manufacturer tried to indicate , but a few words -LRB- rather than just hieroglyphics -RRB- would have helped . There are a few other places in the manual where you 'll have to use common sense , but they 're not too tricky . Again , just proceed very slowly and carefully . When it comes time to lift the table tops into the supporting structure , it really , really helps to have a third person -- even a kid . The picture shows two people holding one table top with one hand each , using the other hand to insert the bolts that will support the top , but you try holding a huge 80-90 lb . table half with one hand ! Not realistic . Anyway , to make a long story short , we finally finished assembling the table , and it looks great and seems to work very well . I 'll update this if I have anything new to report after we 've used it a while . In the meantime , just remember
 For the money I paid for this table I have no complaints.This is n't a competition level table but its not a cheapy either . The blue color is really nice.Buying through Amazon gave me piece of mind on the product condition and reliable delivery .
 I received this as a Christmas present . I use it almost exclusively for bird watching from inside my house , through a large window . It 's tripod mounted , and perfectly balanced . It does n't tend to drop forward like other large scopes . With the standard adaptors , a small Chickadee at 50 feet completly fills the scope 's field of view . I can see even the tiniest details . I love this scope !
 The primary reason I bought this scope was to do photography , and it 's nice for that . I 've used it to take pictures , and they come out nicely , but the scope is - big - and I 'm having trouble finding an appropriate carrying case for it , which is a bit of a pain . I 'd have gladly paid more for the scope had it come with a custom case.That said , it 's lighter than you 'd expect , and I had to buy macro ring extenders to be able to take photos closer than 40 ' or so -LRB- the description when I purchased it said 15 ' minimum focal length . If all you 're looking for is a scope , this is very nice for the price -LRB- but useless without a very solid tripod -RRB- . If you 're looking for photography adaptation , it 's a little complicated and will definitely require those macro adapters . This makes for complicated field work , figuring out which macro adapters -LRB- if any -RRB- to use , depending on the distance of the object.That said , I - am - very happy with this scope .
 I 've tried the workouts in here a few times and I enjoy them . The instructor is not a &#34; hype &#34; guy there to try to talk you up into not being a lazy couch potato and the atmosphere on the tapes is more subdued . I found this refreshing and felt more realistic . It also allowed me to focus more on the technique and actions that I was doing with less distraction . This is really useful when you first start a program as you ca n't always watch the routine and do it at the same time , so being able to hear the instructor clearly is nice.I 've gotten into functional fitness routines more as I find them more interesting and complete in how they work my muscle groups . Shadow-Jitsu fits that bill , it 's fun , challenging to various muscle groups , and will give you a good workout . Even thought it 's only 1 DVD but it 's a good length with multiple workouts . I use as a supplement / addon to my existing workout routine and recommend it .
 This workout is great ! The trainer Joey takes you through a series of body weight exercises that strengthen your heart and muscles . He includes a wide variety of exercises that are easy enough to do in isolation , and become challenging when done in combination . At the end of each workout , I am always amazed at how much more agile and stronger my body has become . It has reshaped my body as I 've lost body fat and become toned . My heart responds better to the bursts of energy that are required for the exercises . I highly recommend this video !
 I am 31 year old black female and this dvd kicked my butt ! I think it 's great . I feel like I am getting a free class . Great excercises and work out . Great price!I 'm excited to see results .
 I walk a few miles every day and since I got these socks I have not had a single blister or hotspot on my feet . What surprised me most is that my knees even felt better . Also , the rolltop totally prevents the socks from slipping into my shoes . After the first workout with these socks , I was a loyal customer for life . TOTALLY RECOMMENDED PRODUCT
 These are extra comfortable . Though , I still get little blisters on my feet , they have been minimized . The roll back on the heel of sock is great . After running for more than a hour , they really make your feet stink ... a little worse than regular cotton socks ! Overall , great brand and does what it 's supposed to !
 I feel fortunate to have had these recommended to me . Getting proper fitting socks for golf that actually fit after laundering once was next to impossible . I were a size 9 shoe and the majority of golf socks do not maintain their fit . I 've washed and worn these Thorlo 's several times and they hold there shape and do NOT ride down in my shoes . Very comfortable .
 I love these socks and have been wearing Thorlo 's for over 10 years . Anytime I workout , or put on my running shoes , I always wear these . They prevent blisters and make your workout just a little more comfortable .
 These are an excellent product . You can get less expensive ones , but I do n't recommend it . These wear like the day I bought them wash after wash and very comfortable . One of the better running socks . Highly recommended .
 I have plantar fascitis and these socks make a world of difference . I have a few pair of run of the mill running socks and they just dont compare to the cushioning . They do get a bit hot during the summer . These also keep your foot tight in your running shoe due to thickness . This is my go-to sock for any 5K that I run .
 I was initially skeptical about spending over $ 10 for a single pair of socks , but the moment I put them on I became a believer . These are now the only workout socks I use and I am planning on buying a second pair.The material is thick and VERY comfy , but it is also quite breathable and my feet never feel hot or stuffy in them . After running or using the elliptical my old socks would be wrecked and reeking from the sweat . These socks , however , just get a little damp and within a few hours they are totally dry and still odor-free . I also used to have some slippage around my heel , but the socks ' rolltop and extra cushioning have eliminated that issue.All in all , I ca n't recommend these highly enough . You definitely wo n't regret buying them : -RRB-
 Fab !! So so comfy ! So much cheaper from Amazon that in Australia . I bought 4 pairs for what 2 pairs would cost in Oz , including postage .
 can you tell ? these socks are SO comfortable and cushy - great for working out in . : -RRB-
 Bought them in time for my sister to try them out before her marathon in a few weeks . She says its like walking on clouds and is excited to make adjustments to improve her running experience .
 The description `` THORLOS RUNNING NO SHOW ROLL TOP 3 PK . '' is incorrect . Regardless , these are very comfortable socks . My feet are never too cold or too hot . Nice to just wear around the house . They are thicker socks , so untie your shoes and be sure to get a proper fit with them on . They 're worth it .
 I took the advice of a friend to get these socks to help with my blisters and it works ! I 've used them for a bunch of Half marathons already and no blisters . warning
 I love love love my Thorlo running socks ! I looked everywhere for this brand of rolltop sock and was so happy to find them on Amazon ! They came quickly , as promised , and the order was exactly what I expected ! Thank you very much .
 In general , Thorlo running socks are without a doubt the most comfortable , safest , thickest , sweat-resistant etc.These roll-tops allow you to wear a sleeker no ankle version -LRB- do n't worry , you ca n't really see the lumpy roll thing -RRB- .
 I have not worn these yet , however I have worn the &#34; Thorlo Unisex Experia CoolMax Mini Crew Sock &#34; whichhas slightly less cushion than this rolltop and it was sufficient . I will say that about 10 years ago I purchased a few pair of thickcushion socks from a sporting goods store . I did not start &#34; running &#34; until about a year ago so I never really needed a thick cushion sock . I still have a pair of the cushioned sock I bought 10 years ago and have been wondering what brand they were because even though they are worn out and dingy , the cushion part is still pretty good . After receiving these Thorlo rolltop socks , I now realized that THESE ARE THE SAME SOCKS ! Only difference is that these are rolltop , the old ones I have are crew . I am going to order several pairs of these sock because I know they will last for at least 10 years . : -RRB-
 These socks are a joy to wear whether you are walking , running or just bopping about town ; any of the thorlo line will make your feet happy .
 I live in these sox now ... use to use them for walking only but they are so comfortable ... they will be my main exercise sox
 I 've been wearing these socks for years and , although they are a bit pricey , they 're the best for wearing with athletic shoes .
 My husband is a runner and quite frankly a sock snob , he does n't use these for running , but likes them for everyday casual comfortable wear . I took the second pair for myself , very comfy sock .
 Let me start by saying I really dislike wearing socks at all , but what I dislike even more is getting blisters when I go walking or jogging . These socks are awesome at keeping blisters at bay.The other thing that bothers me about most socks is how uncomfortably tight they can feel at the top and I will usually get some swelling in the area as well . These socks are not too tight at all and therefore way more comfortable to wear.Cannot recommend these enough for someone looking for a comfortable pair of socks to keep the blisters away . FYI - these socks are very thick so if your shoes fit a little snug , they may not work for you .
 I enjoy these socks , great for biking or running . I wear them on my long training days . Worth the money , I will be buying more for this season .
 These socks are awesome ! The fabric does a wonderful job at pulling moisture away from your feet . These particular socks are slightly thicker than I expected , but this added padding comes in handy . This fabric is durable and likely to last Longer than smartwool socks . I wear boots nearly 16 hours a day and these socks do a great job at keeping my feet dry . When I do start to feel my feet start to sweat , I simply remove my boots to let my feet air out . Within ten minutes the socks and my feet are dry again . I highly recommend these socks .
 wonderful socks and worth price . They last 5 times as long as cheaper brands .
 I use the socks to run on my treadmill . That way my feet have extra cushion yet no boundaries of a shoe . They are great !
 I recieved this spotting scope one month ago . Even thought it is made in China -LRB- the price already implied that -RRB- , the quality of the 5 '' optical tube is very good . The XLT coating is perfect and the focus knob is very smooth and precise . The package comes with a 6x30 erect image finder scope and a 25mm eye piece . The 25mm eye piece contributes 48X image good enough for a bright shape image for terrestial observation . The high light gathering power is excellent for me to observe the night view of Victory Harbour of Hong Kong ! Simply replace with a 10mm eyepiece and you can use it as a 125X telescope to observe deep sky and the moon in great details . The image of the moon is simply impressive!This C5 is absolutely portable and easily mounted on a tripod for birds watching and photography . Remember to use a stable tripod . It is also recommended to use high quality eye piece to match with the excellent optics !
 The light-gathering capability of the C5 is exactly what I hoped for in a spotting scope . Able to see considerable detail even at high magnification . Appears to be very solidly constructed . Does require a VERY stable tripod -- do n't skimp there . Separately purchased adapter allows simple connection to my digital SLR with good pictures resulting . Carrying case is designed to provide excellent protection.Works well for what I wanted
 This is the telescope they sent on shuttle missions , build is soild the glass and coatings are very good ... The scope is by far the best I have used in the fact you can look at the stars and moon at night in great detail with a scope of this size , buy a nice lens , 20mm is good to start with , do not use cheap glass lens with this scope ... nice size scope to carry around with you and set up easy for a star party ... At daytime its great also as a spot scope and with a DSLR oh my the pixes I took though it with my canon 20d , day and night with this scope ... good all around scope for the money . BUY IT you wont be sorry !!!
 I use these hangers on all of my pasture fences . They are portable . And they hold 4 halters which is the number of horses I have .
 This gun is the best quality and buy ever ! I killied everyone with this and at the ashbash event inhawaii . a tournament for airsoft my team won ! i used this gun -LRB- i had a few upgrades just for its velocity -RRB- . This gun is amazing . it goes about 310 fps stock and is very accurate . i would reccomend this gun to everyone .
 This gun is pretty good . It is kind of powerful but not as powerful as a spring . The laser isnt accurate and after a few days my trigger got stuck . It takes forever to load if you dont have a speed loader but it comes with the gun . It has a semi and automatic switch . It is pretty big . Overall it is a pretty good gun
 This is the first airsoft gun i 've ever bought , so I really do n't know what i 'm comparing it too . Overall , it shoots alright , a lot better than I would of thought . The laser on mine did n't work , and was quite baffled to see the instructions in japanese . The magazine holds around 50 rounds which is pretty good , I was expecting only 40 . It came with a 700MAH 7.2 volt battery , and just noticed on the intructions it is best to use 800MAH , i 'm not sure what the difference is , but my battery is pretty shoddy . You get what you paid for . : -RRB-
 this gun is good gun i bought this gun throught a nother website buthere ar some pros and cons ... pros ... shoots about 305 fpsathuntic meatal even the feelhop upverrrry accurateeffefive rang :100 feet with out acc.aujustable sightskiller pian -LCB- aka big welts -RCB- slincer works makes it a little quitercocking lever movesrealy good lazer and flash lightmeatal mag -LCB- clip -RCB- no cons ... so this is probly a good gun for middle or advanced airsofters and airsoftets like some of the girls who play , so iff ur looking to buy a gun and not spend a lot of $ $ $ $ u fond it then if ur a begginer looking to kick some @ $ $ u found a perfect gun but order some extra clips and bbs so have fun ...
 First off I would like to say that the other reviews are on the extreme ends of the scale when it comes to this product . While this MP5 SD5 is not as good as the one posted January 10th may have you believe , it is still better than what the review from January 14th states . With this MP5 you do get a little more than you pay for , but if you 're going to play a lot of airsoft , then save up your money and buy a real airsoft gun . But if you are a poor college student like me and want to kick ass in the dorm , then this MP5 is for you .
 i am a kid and i got this gun and this gun is good and here are the things i like : - realy fast auto-nice feel and wight it feels sturdywhen i got this i got a spare mag too which is a good idea and also get a speedloader becuase you will use up that mag realy fast . when i got the gun the watch batterys for the laser were rusty and the orange tip -LRB- nonsilencer -RRB- is wiggly and falls off easily . and those white pellets you get with them ... DONT USE THEM !! they jammed my mag and it took a while to get in unjammed so use any other bb just not those white powdery ones.overall realy nice gun !
 This is the best airsoft i have owned to this day.When i lived in russia i played with real guns but it was too dangerous to play around with so me and my friends played with airsofts i have owned Co2 pistols , spring pistols/rifles/sub machineguns/autopistols . but this is by far the best i have ever had it has cool sights for long-medium-short range . The gun is very solid and looks feels geat i have it on my wall when i dont use it looks cool but i never had any problems with it i have owned it for a few weeks my friend just got one and he loves it . I say if you got spare money for airosft buy this not the expensive airsofts like that are 200-300 $ . It is like a replica it has a cocking handle it moves and makes it feel real . Dont play with real guns they kill .
 We bought this gun for our 16 year old son who recently took an interest in Air Soft Guns . So far he LOVES it however he has only been able to use it on his target . The weather has been terrible to take it outside . He is anxiously awaiting his next battle with his friends . I am overall pleased with the purchase . I think the shipping charges are a little high . I would take that into consideration the next time I buy from this company .
 It does the job . I use it as a secondary when the enemy gets to close for my sniper and it works well . The BB 's even at .12 do n't go very far , however .
 You wo n't regret this purchase . Accurate , easy to handle . Sights are a bit crude , but with its fps and rate of fire you do n't need 'em .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 Once you start using it regularly , you wo n't be able to go to sleep without using it first.I do it 15 min every nite and it puts me to sleep as it enlarges my cervical canal - good meditation time too!By using this traction unit , doing Alexander Technique -LRB- postural training -RRB- and good chiropractic care have improved my neck - my neck is now MORE relaxed than 10 years ago ! It is rarely a problem except when I start leaning over the computer again , or sitting poorly while I watch TV . You need to sit straight ALL the time !
 My son uses this for football . It 's so hot when they practice and smaller water bottles just are n't big enough for the long hot two hour practices . Keeps his water cool . Great buy .
 After Danish cycling Team CSC 's extraordinarily successful seasons of 2004 , and 2005 , Skagen Designs reasoned they could score a marketing coup and plug into their Danish heritage with sponsorship of Team CSC for the '06 season , and release of a limited commemorative watch collection to appeal to cycling enthusiasts worldwide.Skagen Designs unveiled its upscale Team CSC quartz watch collection -LRB- six watches -RRB- in early 2006 with market release slated in June 2006 ; a month before the start of the 2006 Tour de France on 1 July . The 720LTMLBY -LRB- yellow dial -RRB- included a chronograph function along with the distinction of being endorsed and `` signed '' by Ivan Basso . The 720LTMLBY was limited to a run of 1250 watches of which only 250 were slated for U.S. distribution.On 30 June 2006 , the management of the Tour de France announced that CSC team leader Ivan Basso would not be riding in the 2006 Tour due to his implication in the Operaci&oacute;n Puerto -LRB- Operation Mountain Pass -RRB- doping scandal . Basso 's contract with Team CSC was cancelled by mutual consent , and he subsequently refused to authorize DNA tests that could have cleared him conclusively . After adamantly denying involvement , in May 2007 Basso finally acknowledged his participation in Puerto.Innovative and compelling designs , Skagen 's CSC commemorative watch collection rapidly morphed from wide acclaim to commercial failure as cyclists associated the watches with Basso 's admitted doping disgrace . A pity because the watches are striking designs and fine time keepers.Despite that the watch face is marked `` Swiss Made '' , the solid titanium-case is made in China . For a watch to bear the `` Swiss Made '' marking , The Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry requires the movement contain 50 % Swiss content , with final assembly and testing in Switzerland . The watch contains a Swiss-made Ronda Caliber 5030 . D quartz movement that boasts better than four year battery life from a 395 lithium cell -LRB- 1.5 V -RRB- . The 5030 . D is a specialized gold-plated , 13 jewel quartz movement .
 This is an incredibly hot looking watch and is made with precision , down to the great black leather band with the yellow stripe ! Easy to read , and a great conversation piece , all bundled in a Skagen Swiss movement - not Japanese !!
 I always prefer watches with leather bands . It 's nice to find one that is stylish and easy to read . I get a lot of comments on it . I also have the yellow version of this watch . Both are unique .
 I 'm very happy with this Carolina Panthers garden flag . It is easy to switch out between this one and my UNC Tarheels flag , and it 's very sturdy and well made . Excellent price too !
 If you are a Toni Kukoc fan you do n't get many opportunities in finding his figurines , but when you do it 's great . I still have in the packaging and I 'm happy I bought it . Being from Chicago and a long time Kukoc fan , this was a great find .
 This is one of the higher capacity briefcase-style cases that i bought . It will be heavier than most when it is fully laden . I wonder whether the construction would be up to the job in the long term . However , it has handled 9 months of regular use with no issues so far .
 This watch is not worth anything near its $ 395 retail price . I 've owned several Skagen watches over 20 years and never had one fail . The plastic band has a metal loop that I had to remove because the strap is very stiff making it impossible to unbuckle . It has a plastic loop though so the metal one was n't really needed . The instructions I got were for a generic chronograph and somewhat confusing . I still do n't know how to operate or set the inset dials . I really just wanted a nice looking sport watch and this fits the bill . This watch is not thin like most Skagen products .
 I am having this watch for some time and it is an excellent product . I am not sure why the ` home ' position for the chronograph hand is not at 12 o ' clock position .
 Love the straps . My only complaint is I will have to drill a hole so I can use my lockable pin on the hitch .
 Well built bike rack that handles not only my K2 bike with ease but my three children 's bikes also . It is not lightweight though -LRB- which is for me a good thing -RRB- . I have to order a new one because it got all bent up after being rear-ended . The rack took the brunt of the accident I had last weekend and actually saved my Santa Fe from further damage . I cant wait to get my vehicle back ... and my new replacement rack!I did get another replacement rack and it is still good but the design changed from a one piece square tube riser to a two piece round tube riser that you have to assemble . I prefer the older style but the new rack seems to work just fine . It has the same demensions and is just as fuctional.I have modified the rack with a strap that attaches to the roof rack of my vehicle to the convenient hook on the back of the bike rack via a carabiner . 4 bikes on a rough road with all that bouncing made me think about some extra support for my bikes . I may add a 4 '' riser / adapter to get the base of the rack off the ground a bit more since I have bottomed out several times on driveways and off roads .
 This is my first bike rack , and I wanted something that
 Great product and very solid on hitch . Quality accessories and very fast shipping to Hawaii
 A good all around rack . Built well and very functional . Only problem is customer service at Hollywood . Called with a few questions and the person was impatient and a bit condescending . Too bad - kind of bittered me towards future Hollywood products .
 Anyone with basic mechanical skills can set this up in about 15 minutes . Very secure and the bikes do n't move at all while driving . I have tried other racks and this one is by far the best one I have tried yet . I have two very expensive bikes that I did not want scratched and after 3 trips , not one scratch . The anti-sway feature is terrific and stops the bikes from bumping into each other and the back of my truck .
 This rack has worked very well for us . We normally only carry 2 bikes , and it 's perfect . Will see how 4 bikes work out one day when traveling with friends .
 We have two older model ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- speeds that weigh almost 50 pounds each . This rack supports them with no trouble . When the hitch bolt is tightened to hold the rack rigid , it does not move . Make sure all the nuts and bolts are fastened securely and tight before using . There is some sway when the bikes are on the rack when moving , but this would hold true of any carrier . With the removal of key pins , the arms lower , and the rack itself tilts at a 45 degree angle to allow access to the vehicle . As it is made of steel rather than aluminum , it appears to be stronger than some of the more expensive racks . You can pay more , this is n't a cheap rack , but it is doubtful you can find one any better.The only fault and it is common in hanging racks , is that when carrying a woman 's bike or some hybrids , it will be necessary to be creative in methods of securing the bike to the rack . Buying a top post adapter will solve many of the bike positioning problems .
 Let me start by saying this is a Quality built USA rack . This thing is solid and works great . with my bike strapped in , it does not move around at all even at highway speeds . I did purchase the locking pin that goes with this rack and it also works great . With a screw in bolt to hold the rack to the hitch receiver , it does not sway or move in anyway . Much better than using a pin system which allows movement .
 This bike rack may be missing a feature or two of the big name racks but it definitely gets the job done . So , if you can live with the pin style system for folding the arms down and allowing the entire rack to be lowered away from your tailgate then go ahead and save well over $ 100 and order one of these todays . I spent a lot of time researching my options and I 'm very pleased with my decision to buy this Hollywood rack . Now , if you need Thule or Yakima to be written in big letters on your rack to feel better about yourself than you will need to look elsewhere !
 This is a great bike rack , especially considering the value and other competing brands . Rock solid , easy to use . Have never experienced swaying , etc. . We 've been very happy with this purchase .
 I would highly recommend the Hollywood Bike Rack to anyone looking for a solid , relatively inexpensive bike rack . The shipping was quick and the product arrived in great condition . Installation is very easy as well . I used it the second half of summer and had zero problems . True to others claims that putting 4 bikes on is a challenge , but that seems to be an issue with a lot of racks . I had one adult bike and three kid bikes and they fit just fine . The kid bikes are the biggest challenge , but a little patience and you are off .
 This is an easy to assemble sturdy bike rack for at LEAST 3 bikes . My only complaint on the 2 inch receiver model . Why did the manufacturer insist on welding a thread into the hitch so I have to bolt the hitch to my receiver ? Now I have to pay a local welding shop to drill this out so I can use a standard receiver hitch -LRB- locking -RRB- so no one steals my bike rack . Why is this important ? We have a travel trailer so Bikes will ride to destination on Trailer number hitch but when we get there and unhook the Tahoe , we may want to move rack to Tahoe to take bikes on day trips . It is a royal pain in the ass to have to use a wrench rather than standard or locking hitch pin to quickly move rack from one vehicle to another . Anyway , folding mechanism is boss and works well . I wish the bolt on cylinder was included as a non welded option which would have saved me and the manufacturer money but otherwise great bike rack.UPDATE 8/19/11 Cost be $ 10 at local welding shop to get annoying threaded piece out of hitch allowing me to use locking hitch pin in my receiver .
 This works great , I have a 2011 Jeep Wrangler so options are limited - the rack folds back if you need to access your back hatch area , with the standard tire on the back you can only open about 5 inches - so unless you want to keep taking the bike rack off and on you will need to get 1 or 2 inch extension . the rack itself is solid , will hold 4 adult size bikes No Problem - it 's very sturdy and solid - and you ca n't beat the price . I highly recommend this product !
 Great 4-bike rack at a great price . Light enough for me to easily put on and off by myself , as a 47 year old woman , but very sturdy . Easy to snug bikes up , anti-sway works well . I can even open my back hatch on my Lexus 330 , without hitting it . Get a pad lock to replace the Carter key , and it is secured to your hitch . But you still need to lock your bikes onto the rack with a cable , if you leave them . Excellent product !
 This was a great purchase and a terrific value for the dollar . If you 're planning to buy the accompanying lock system , please double check to ensure you order the threaded version . The standard 2 '' lock will not work with this model .
 Purchased this for our 3 bikes , with room to spare in case we had visitor / guest come with us . Easy to install and thus far very good . Did n't come with a locking bolt for attachment to the hitch , just a bolt / nut . So had to order that separately -- not that someone would necessarily get their wrench out to steal , but hey , you never know . With a few tweaks -LRB- e.g. tightening the butterfly screw on the vertical bar -RRB- , this rack is very quiet and feels relatively secure , a whole hell of a lot better that the usual tie on rack which , regardless of brand , always sucked to some extent . Find it a little wobbly at the top , but need to tighten with a -LRB- LARGE -RRB- allen wrench . Have to say that 4 bikes is near impossible , but 3 os OK . If you want 4 bikes , buy a 5-rack version :-RRB- -RRB-
 I had first purchased the same rack locally but it had the 2 '' adapter . After looking at the width of the bottom bar , I decided I wanted the full 2 '' one . So I bought this one from amazon . We went from Seattle to Yellowstone with 2 adult , 1 teen and 1 BMX bike . Everything stayed secure.This is my first bike rack and the jostling and shaking was a bit unnerving . I tightened down the thumbscrew which adds to stability and also gave the through-bolt an extra tightening . On our trip we saw many other carriers , they all have the same type of movement over highway bumps . It takes awhile to get used to seeing your expensive bikes back there swaying around I guess . They made it , so , I 'm pleased with this product.By the way , this rack will clear a Jeep Wrangler Rubicon 's spare tire in the back . Its close , but , it fits . Bonus .
 This bike rack is very sturdy and easy to use . The bikes barely move back and forth when going over train tracks and bumpy roads . Great feature to get into the back of your tail gate on a jeep . I would recommend this item .
 I had a bell 4 bike rack and it use to drive me nuts . the rack part would n't drop down ... This new rack does ! It was super easy to put together . And is hindged in 2 places , allowing the rack part to drop , and the whole thing to swing forward allowing me into the back of my Traverse . Also there is this strap on it to weave thru the bikes , keeping them tight together , stopping the swinging completly ... which was a problem on the Bell rack.Now I need is a lock for the hitch as the pin is something I personnely do n't care for !
 The HOLLYWOOD TRAVELER 4 bike rack is a sturdy and durable product that performs well.It 's heavy , solid construction with straps that hold 4 bikes securely . The rack wobbled the first couple of times I used it . I contacted customer service at Hollywood racks and they replied immediately with a simple solution that remedied the problem.Had a good time biking at Santa Monica Beach with the family this weekend thanks to our Hollywood 4 bike hitch .
 Seems like a solid product -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- and was easy to install . Tilt-back feature works as intended and is very simple to use . I am satisfied with my purchase .
 Great product ! Really no wobbling if installed properly . After watching video the installation took less than 15 minutes including fastening bolts.For secure attaching to hitch use THREADED pin bolt -LRB- Hollywood Racks Locking Threaded Hitch Pin Bolt with Security Cable Lock -RRB- . Important for me - when installed on the U-haul hitch , it works on Honda CR-V 2004 with spare tire at the back door . Clears without any difficulty , however the back door can be opened only partially even with tilted rack , but that was expected.After few first short trips we look forward for real test - 16-hour drive with 4 bikes -LRB- 2 adults and 2 youth -RRB- . Will update ...
 We purchased this as a gift for our son in law who loves the Texas Longhorns . He loves the hitch cover . It still looks new after a few months on the road :-RRB- Great product ! Thank you .
 This club is awesome . Excellent buy . I also purchased the Texan Classics Wedge Sytem -LRB- 52 , 56 , 60 -RRB- which compliment this one . There are tools for every job and these are a must to have.HAVE FUN ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Low priced wedge that performs like an expensive item . Once tou get used to controlling distance it 's griet for hitting your shut near the hol
 This club works very well . especially when getting the ball out of the high rough . I would recomend it to anyone considering it .
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 The insulation works . I climbed to over 19000ft and the insulation kept the drinking tube on my platypus big zip -LRB- 3ltr -RRB- from freezing . I found the mouthpiece cover very useful too . It kept my mouthpiece relatively clean at lower altitudes as well.What I did n't like was the wrist pain that I got from first putting my drinking tube through the insulation . I do n't know if I missed something , but it took about an hour of slowly coaxing the tube through the insulation as it was really tight . I notice now that after use , the insulation moves around quite freely and I bravely pulled it out before sticking the big zip in the dishwasher -LRB- as I think reinserting the tube through the insulation would not be as painful -RRB- . I 've heard that the tube/mouthpiece freeze at high altitudes in spite of the insulation . Was n't the case for me.I think it 's a bit expensive though . It would be nice if amazon/platypus had deals on buying a hydration unit with the insulation together .
 BEAUTIFUL WATCH !! I GOT MINE AS A GIFT FROM MY BROTHER AND SINCE THEN IT 'S CALLING EVERYBODY 'S ATTENTION ALL THE TIME . AS EVERY BIG AND RESPECTABLE WRIST WATCH , IT 'S A LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE SOMETIMES , MUST IF YOU HAVE TO WEAR A LONG SLEEVE SHIRT.I LIKE THE BLUE LEATHER BAND WHEN IT 'S NEW . AFTER DAILY USE , IT STARTS TO HAVE A `` FUNNY '' SMELL DUE TO THE SWEAT . ONE THING ON THIS NAUTICA , I DO N'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO MY CHRONOMETER -LRB- TACHYMETER -RRB- BUT WHEN I TRY TO PUT IT IN ZERO TO RECORD TIME , THE GAUGE GOES EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE ZERO , BUT NEVER TO THE START POSITION ! NO IDEA . PERHAPS MINE ITS THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS PROBLEM ... DESPITE THESE DRAWBACKS , IT 'S A VERY NICE COOL PIECE AND YOU FEEL LIKE YOU ARE `` WEARING '' A WATCH SO IT 'S AN EXCELLENT GIFT FOR EVERYONE !
 -LSB- WARNING
 Beautiful watch , very light and comfortable.Titanium is a must if you are allergic to metal.My only negative point is that the scratches are more visible on a black watch.Recommended .
 -LSB- WARNING
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 While I 'm not just crazy about the feel of this knife I will say it is well built . The brass slug in the bottom of the handle adds a nice counter weight for skinning big game . But to me the feel of the knife in the hand as far as grip wise it 's just a little off to me but that is just IMO . The gut hook tip could use a little grinding down to me . It has a nice point but the point it 's self is flat almost like a small screwdriver I guess . I took a fine file to it and put a slant tip on for easier penetration . But like all tools its all personal preference . So it 's a good skinner just that 's my take on it .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick , I wish the price tag would be lower , but its ok , its puma ...
 I am a huge fan of the Lord of the Rings and since I first saw the sword in the film , I knew I must have it.At first I was surprised by its length and weight , even if I read the descriptions . The sword is huge as it should be . I particularly love the inscriptions on the pommel and the runes on the blade.The delivery was fast enough and the package arrived OK.I think it is a fine piece of swordsmithing and the feeling when you lift the sword above your head is just awesome ! I surely recommend it to everybody !
 This is a great table ! The goal flex feature adds a whole new dimension to an already great game by keeping the ball on the table so it is in constant play and allowing you to change the size of the goals for a more or less challenging game . Goal flex aside it is also a high quality , great looking table .
 Being originally from Chicago and now in SoCal this fit the bill for my son looking to stay in touch with the town that he grew up in . Fit and finish is on par with any new Monopoly game but what 's most interesting are the array of logos , pictures , icons , etc all being Bears . However , as a kid of the 60 's , the omission of Dick Butkus is glaring .
 I purchased this game as a gift and by the third day of receiving the gift my brother had played it twice . He 's very happy with it .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 I got this shirt for my husband who has wanted a Zags shirt for years but they are impossible to find in Georgia . So I ordered off amazon . It came by mail pretty quickly . Only thing it seems to run a bit small . But other than that he seems to like it . My husband wears the shirt ALL the time !!
 Tried this racket today , it is a very nice racket , very light so it is easy to maneuver and despite being light I was able to produce very strong shots . Did what they claim it can do , liquid metal technology ensures that the racket does not deform on impact , producing larger impulse and hence stronger shots . This racket is head heavy that also contributes in producing powerful shots .
 I purchased this game for a friend for christmas . He loves playing games and football . I received the gamed well before christmas . I love shopping with Amazon . They have a wide variety of products and are excellent with their shipping . I know my friend will love all the products I purchased for him from Amazon . I highly recommend shopping with Amazon .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 I got this for my son at a local shop here in town and spent a lot more money for it . It is a great board and my son has had it for about an year now and we had NO trouble at all with it . He spent a total of 6 hours a week on it for a total of 300 hours now and I 'm sure we have another 300 + .
 This skateboard is well built has a lot of pop and there seems no difference between this board and other more expensive skateboards.The wheels and bearings roll very good too.Highly recommend it .
 I used this for my bunnies to get rid of pinworms and it worked the first time I used it ! The directions said that it would work after three times but it worked instantly !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 Well since this table is moderately expensive at $ 548.00 you have to be serious about wanting a nice hockey table . Sure you could spend a lot more but most people have a budget . $ 548 may seem expensive but you really do get what you pay for . Just read the reviews on the cheap tables and you decide . Sure some are pretty good and will last a little while but I beieve the way this one is built and because of its size will continue to provide fun for many years to come.All I can say is this 8ft table is BIG but because of its thin top design its easyily manuverable through tight spaces ... especially when trying to go around a corner on basement stairs . The walls need to be touched up but it made it and that 's the important thing . It is very solid and heavy yet me -LRB- average size guy -RRB- and my wife -LRB- average size -RRB- were able to carry it down and once the legs were installed , flip it over . Do n't get me wrong though this is a very heavy table but two guys for sure can manage this one.As for play the pucks are small ... but they work just great . They only flew off the table once in awhile when playing two on two and two people went after the puck . It 's going to happen but I thought from first glance that this size puck was going to be a problem ... Wrong ! Air pressure is just fine ... nothing stellar but this is n't a commercial table either . Thought about buying some bigger pucks ... may still do so but really its not needed and they may not even move around as well.Perfect size for a downstairs recroom ! Big enough to provide fun which these smaller tables just do n't measure up too . If you can spend the extra do so you wo n't regret it.Game play is UNBELIEVEABLE ! So many variations and goal sizes makes for lots of interesting play . I could possibly see where one reviewer thought solo play may have some issues with the puck returning to you ... but who want 's to play solo anyways!Overall GREAT TABLE . GREAT Price at $ 548 shipped ... no tax and no shipping ... under these conditions this table is a no brainer ! Even with shipping its one heck of a table .
 This product is a great buy . Will provide hours of entertainment for you and the whole family .
 Bought one for myself . As a Gen Xer , when my son got old enough to skate , I wanted to be out there teaching him , and enjoying skating again . Before I did buy it , I did a bit of looking around and saw that these skates were well reviewed elsewhere and even has an endorsement from Steve Caballero . Cab is an aweseome pro skaters from the good old days.I was skating it yesterday and showing it to some of the teenage skaters in the area , who are riding Zoo York boards , Venture trucks , etc etc. . They are riding the good stuff , and they thought that this new skate had better bearings , skated excellent , had great pop for ollies . They are very tempted to get one when it comes time to replace their decks.The graphics on this board look better in person , than on the computer screen . It is 7 or 8 color silk screen printing . It is a great looking board that you will not be embarassed with.You ca n't lose . This complete , skate great and is cheaper than buying a single truck from another brand if you were going to build up one yourself .
 I ordered the skateboard for my 16 year old son who just started getting into skateboarding . He absolutely loves it !! It really is an awesome board for such a low price . And the shipping was great . I ordered it on the 18th of march and got it on the 19th with free shipping.I definately recommend this product !!
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 -LRB- Please excuse my spelling errors , I do n't feel like proof reading this review -RRB- I got one of these scooters during a time when I was with out a car and needed an inexpensive vehicle . I did n't buy my scooter from amazon however , because one of my elderly neighbors had bought one and never once rode it , she was selling it at her yardsale and I got it for a mere $ 300 . The darn thing was brand new and I could n't pass that up . I just figured I 'd ride it until I got a car and it was worth buying for the cheap price . Now I would n't get rid of the darn thing if someone offered to buy it from me , -LRB- which they have by the way , for quite a bit more than I pay 'd for it -RRB- It get 's around 70-80 miles to the gallon and I 've gotten mine up to speeds well over 60mph , the speedometer is a bit off so I tested the speed with one of those police speed indicators they set up on the side of the road and it gave me the reading of 67 miles per hour on a strait road , uphill it probably hits around 45-50mph . Now to get speeds like that you have to make sure to break it in in accordance with your owners manual , it 's very important if you want to get the best performanc out of your scooter , or so I 've been told . I 've had this scooter for a little over a year and I 've had very few problems with it since and what few problems I did have were extremely easy to fix and parts are readily available and super cheap . I did n't know much of anything about working on vehicles when i got this thing and like I said , it 's really easy to fix anything that may go wrong with one of these things . The main problem I 've had is with the speedometer , the cable does n't really want to stay in place , electrical tape fixed it right up though . I feel like i 'm rambling , anyway , my point is that these scooters are awesome . Well made , easy to work on when the occasional problem occurs , and faster than you 'd expect from only 150cc 's . Also , they look cool as all hell . I would recomend this scooter to anyone in the market for something like this , As long as you 're not looking for something to go cross country on .
 After paying $ 3.92 dollars per gallon of gas for my six cylinder Toyota Camry I decided to research the purchase of a two wheel vehicle . My first thought was motorcyles . The only thing off-putting to me about a motorcycle was the prices and the thought of learning how to drive a clutch . I decided to research scooters when I saw someone riding one and noticed that it did n't look as bad as I thought , and it actually looked FUN . I spent a week shopping around for scooters and this one seemed to be the one that fitted my needs . One thing you need to consider is the horse power . You can get a 150cc scooter that will go fast but if your commute includes peaks , valleys , and dips you may find yourself struggling if your scooter does not have the horsepower to pull it . I actually found and bought this scooter on amazons biggest competitor website . From there it said I could save additional money by calling Roketta directly . I did , and I ended up paying a mere 780 bucks and it included free shipping !!! I have not gotten the bike yet , but when it shows up and I have it registered , insured , and I have driven it to work and out and about a few times I will let you know how it performed . Right now I gave the bike five stars just for the THOUGHT of the gas savings and the environmental impact of riding a smaller economical vehicle !!!!! I am so excited to be on two wheels , automatic , and saving money !!! I got it in black so it looks a little cooler to my 9 yo son and he will want to ride with me !! PLEASE WEAR HELMETS !!!
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 This is a great value for a certified match ball . It plays and practices very well and has a solid and satisfying feel . It holds air well . Compared to many balls it 's slippery , which is a nice change from most other balls . You can slide it around and dribble it much easier than many balls that are more prone to grip the grass and catch on your cleats.If I had any complaint it would be that the ball seems pretty hard at the rated pressure when it 's new . But it 's easy enough to under-inflate it a bit , and over time it seems to loosen up somewhat . Highly recommended .
 This ball has a great touch and feel . I had trained with the Nike Veer and that is a nice ball . This one seems to fly further , has a more deft juggling touch and more prounounced bend . Nothing against the Veer but this ball rocks !
 The ball is quality training ball , it 's not a high level match ball , but for the price , it 's obvious that it 's not . Now that I do not play in college anymore I use this ball to play in men 's leagues in the city . It works great , flies well and has a nice touch on it . Best ball at this price
 Ball has a great feel . Kicks well . Nice weight . Much easier to kick than most cheaper soccer balls . Retains air better than most soccer balls . Cover does seem to hold dirt more easily after a couple months of use -LRB- retains an older ball appearance unless you clean it -RRB- . Six months of hard use and seems to be holding up just fine .
 The ball is great . Very easy to control , great bounce . It was definite , very clear improvement over `` other '' balls that we used .
 I 'd some problem with the impellor of my Volvo MD2040 -LRB- marine -RRB- . All the impellors coming from Volvo were without any blade after around 100 hours ... even sometimes 50 hours.These one are far better quality .
 I love the lamp ! Just moved into a new house and am decorating the TV room in OSU ! Go Pokes !!!!
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 If you can only afford one ski to do it all , this has to be considered . Skiing in Utah , this ski handles true all mountain conditions extremely well . Enough surface area to be a blast in the white room , quick and responsive for chutes , and an easy driver on the groomers . Unlike comparative skis by the competitors , this ski did n't chatter at high speeds . Graphics are old school with a modern twist .
 These are great paddles ! With them I can easily maneuver my canoe when striking out on a lake with a shallow shore and they are great for docking on those lakes as well , I have also found them useful in shallower rivers and have helped me get to fishing spots i did n't think I would make it to .
 This is a very nice sweatshirt . I just wish it was offered in a size small , so minus one star for that reason . I understand these are men 's sizes , but women like to wear sweatshirts too ! And not girly pink ones with rhinestones , we want the real team colors ! I washed it in hot water and shrunk it up a little but it 's still a little big . But I love it anyway , very soft and warm . Go Sharks !!!
 I have had one of these for 3 years with no problems . It is a great bed for camping or overnight guests .
 I have been using what people refer to as an air mattress for sleeping on every night for 15 years . I have tried all the camp rest mats and many brands of air mattresses . I weigh 220 lbs . and am 6 ' 2 '' tall . No other brand of air mattress has lasted as long as the Coleman , and this specific Coleman Airbed is the tallest/thickest one -LRB- of the single layer styles -RRB- to provide the most comfort , especially for someone taller than 5 ' 10 '' . All the camp rest pads may be better than sleeping on the ground , easier to transport around while hiking , and could be fine if you like sleeping on a carpeted concrete floor , but they all lack the depth for real cushioned comfort . I have stocked up on these hoping never run out of low cost sleeping comfort . Thank you Coleman .
 We bought two of these for Burning Man and they were excellent , inflated and deflated quickly and held up to a solid week of camping without losing any loft or needing to be refilled . They were very comfortable . I 'm very satisfied with the purchase .
 The Comfortsmart Quickbed twin mattress is made of heavy duty materials . It takes about 30 seconds to inflatewith the Coleman portable Quickpump which operates on battery or 110V -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . It took me about 3 minutes of strong effort to blow this mattress up with a bellows-type foot pump . It took about 45 seconds to deflate the mattress and about a minute to refold the mattress . This mattress is used as a replacement for my Sleep Number bed when I am camping and it works fine . The felt top provides insulation from the plastic material so we done sweat profusely . I have not been many times but the user forums say this mattress is robust .
 This bed has been doing its job well . After not being able to sleep on several expensive raised mattresses because they were really uncomfortable I thought I would just try a cheap one for good measure . Low and behold the cheap one is actually comfy for an air mattress . Due to circumstances , I will be needing to sleep in the living room for about 6 months . The pull out couch with its infamous `` bar '' was n't cutting it . Tried several air mattresses that were n't much better . This one actually does n't feel like your sleeping on a rock or a trampoline . The air flow in the chambers inside is networked well so you do n't get one side turning rock hard if there is a little more weight on the other side . All air mattresses are a little firm for me , so I folded two king size comforters in half and laid them over the top to act as a mattress pad . I 've slept on it about two weeks now just fine . And I 'm a picky sleeper .
 Used it for 6 months without ever having to fill it again ! Sturdy and comfortable . Even kids jumping on it all the time did n't harm it .
 Bought this for my mother who is staying with us for a while . She has a bad back and loves this bed ! Air doesnt leak and is comfortable !
 This bed gets the job done , It works great and had no problems , I will be getting two more in the near future .
 This air mattress is very comfortable and very easy to inflate and deflate even with a hand operated air pump . My only concern is that it may not last through more than two or three years of lite use .
 It is like sleeping on a bed of clouds in a sky of marshmallows .
 I 'm a yoga teacher , and I love these bolsters . I ordered both the round and rectangular bolsters for my home practice . They are both exactly what I wanted - the perfect size , dimensions , and firmness . Excellent price , too . I would definitely recommend them .
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 This is a very nice sweatshirt . I just wish it was offered in a size small , so minus one star for that reason . I understand these are men 's sizes , but women like to wear sweatshirts too ! And not girly pink ones with rhinestones , we want the real team colors ! I washed it in hot water and shrunk it up a little but it 's still a little big . But I love it anyway , very soft and warm . Go Sharks !!!
 We bought this tent from Target and we are so pleased . It is super easy to put up , easy to take down , and it is very roomy . . we have a two year old , a three year old and a four year old , and along with us , their is still room enough for two large chairs , three small ones and three side tables plus toys !!!!! We have used it when we go camping near the lake , and when it is very windy this screened tent holds up very well . We would buy another one in a heart beat .
 I bought this mattress as a transition for my son when he started sleeping on the floor because his bed was too uncomfortable . It was easy to set up and comfortable . He has decided he likes it better than a conventional mattress . It has not lost any air in the month that he has been sleeping on it and he is 5 ' 9 '' and weighs 185 pounds .
 This bed is absolutely wonderful . It inflates so fast and the comfort of it is unbelievable . It 's light weight and very easy to handle . I would recommend this bed to everyone that is in the market in buying one .
 Fit on the pump and pumped up great . Good thing there was plenty of room in the tent . Thickness felt sturdy enough and full size flannel sheet held on great . The both of us slept great every time we remembered to pump it up just a bit more right before bed -LRB- it stretches -RRB- . BUT !! When it got a bit too cold , the air in the mattress itself was cold enough for us to feel it . That was a quick fix by putting the blanket between us and the matress . -LRB- Bathroom breaks come in handy sometimes -RRB- . SO !! Not one complaint on matress . Not one . Just summer California weather can be fickle thats all.Hugs
 First I tried a different pedometer that would n't stay clipped on , so I tucked it into my sock . It counted steps every time I moved my foot while sitting , and since there was no cover the count kept resetting to zero . I returned that pedometer to the store and then ordered this one based on a negative review . A woman wrote that she did n't like this one because it did n't count as many steps as a less expensive one she used to have , and because the clip was too tight . I decided I 'd rather have one that counted the actual steps I took -- rather than just racking up a high number -- and the tight clip sounded like a plus to me.This pedometer was very easy to set up with my stride length , and it counts the number of steps very accurately . Yes , the clip is very tight , but it has n't fallen off my pants pocket even once . I 've worn it for ten days in a row , and so far I 'm impressed with this pedometer . If the clip eventually breaks off , I can keep the pedometer in the pocket of my jeans ; the hinged cover will keep it from constantly resetting itself.Besides counting the number of steps taken , it also tells the time , as well as the number of calories burned and distance walked -- and it even has an activity timer . My only complaint is that the installed `` test battery '' was dead on arrival , but the ` spare ' battery worked fine as soon as I installed it . -LRB- It 's supposed to last 18 months . -RRB-
 I have an older Eagle Pedometer which still works well . We bought the new one based on Eagle 's accuracy and reliablility . It is working well and is accurate , easy to use and program . Compared to a prior other brand , the eagle is far superior to anything else we have purchased and tried .
 I am 75 years old so was a little hard for me to set the stride etc. . Nice size . and I am sure I will get along fine . I am a aim and shoot person with cammers so explains why I have a little time setting items . Thamks , MT , Wv
 I was skeptical at ordering `` blemished '' baseballs , but I 'm very pleased now . The package arrive earlier than planned , and in much better condition than I had thought . The baseballs are actually high-school level balls as well , meaning they will last longer than planned too !
 the baseballs are all in excellent shape as they all came in brand new and wrapped in plastic . i use these balls to play homerun derby with a friend and they are ideal for pitching and hitting . i highly recommend this product .
 Most of the balls I received have very minor blemishes . Once any new ball is hit once , it is blemished . These are good balls .
 Just to say , I feel like I know a lot about the types and quality of baseballs . I have used little league , high school , and professional balls over the years . I chose these primarily because they seemed like the highest quality for the cheapest price -LRB- 139.99 at the time -RRB- , compared to buying others by the dozen.They arrived in the bucket , all individually wrapped . They are wilson 1010S blem balls . Blem means they did meet Wilson standards for approved play , so Wilson offers them by the bucket -LRB- 36 -RRB- at a discount . I would say 30 of the 36 are in good to great condition . The other 6 or so had some major defects
 Bought these for our home batting cage and to practice pitching with and they are as good as non bleimshed balls in my opinion . Highly recommend these balls for practice !
 the balls ordered were just what we need in our hitting facilitythe blems are barely noticeable and very useful for our needs
 This is a great value . I run a travel ball program and buy a bucket of these blem balls for each team . They make great practice balls . Blemishes are usually small such as a small indentation , and some of the stitch holes are stretched . They are just not up to the Wilson standards but are still very good practice baseballs.These are a great buy and would recommend these for any team looking to stretch their budget .
 Three dozen baseball that come exactly as described . The product can be used for infielders training , pitchers , training and could be mistaken for a game ball .
 You 'll be hard pressed to find any blemishes on these balls . Very good quality and the bucket they come in is a quality grade too .
 I would recommend this product and they are great for hitting . they seem soft and you may want a higher quality ball for pitching purposes , but great for the price .
 I was about 2 months into trainig for my first marathon , had gotten lots of blisters on my toes -LRB- at least one every run -RRB- . I was clueless about what to do for training , I had n't even run further than 2 miles at once before training . So I looked up Women 's Running in amazon to see what products came up and I saw the WrightSock Anti Blister socks . After reading the positive reviews and descriptions , I decided to order a pair to try out . And I soon fell in love . I would highly , highly recommend these socks to anyone running to avoid blisters -LRB- since wearing them , I have n't had one single blister ! -RRB- and to keep your feet cooler and drier.Go WrightSock !!!
 some of the best running socks I 've ever come across.I 've enjoyed a variety of styles from WrightSock and think they are the best!Give them a try and you wo n't look back.I have n't had blister or sock rubbing problems since I 've used them .
 The socks are great , they feel like you are floating in the air . Pricey though , but i think they were worth it .
 What can I say ? I ran and trained for a 1/2 marathon with these socks , washed and dried repeatedly and I love them . They are worth the price .
 I run about 5 miles a day and normally have to wrap my feet in athletic tape to avoid blisters . I bought a pair of these socks and wore them a few times , and they are great ! Comfortable -LRB- though a little warmer than I would like -RRB- , but , really , I did n't get a single blister ! It was great ! I ; m buying a few more pairs !
 I bought my daughter two pairs of these socks as they were on her Amazon Wish List . She absolutely loves them . In her words , the socks may be initially expensive , but they are so comfortable and enable her to wear them all day -LRB- she does a lot of walking and hiking -RRB- without raising blisters or causing perspiration .
 In the 4 months I was backpacking in Thailand , I never once got a blister using these socks and I even started with hiking shoes that I had n't broken in yet . Although these are great for hiking , they are too lightweight and do n't have enough cushion and support for me to go running in them .
 I am walking in the SGK 3 day for the Cure -LRB- 60 miles -RRB- and have been training in these socks . They fit and feel great . Nice and light . Only downfall is that they are a little pricey .
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 nice for the lady in terms of weights . it also stablizes the putting . I recommend this ite for the beginners .
 very nice shirt , friend who went to maryland said he never got shirts as nice as this , recommend to others , has worn well
 For $ 20 you ca n't beat these sandals . They are very light and comfortable , but if your rough with them , they probably wo n't last too long . The soles are very durable , but the uppers are a very lightweight foam that wo n't take too much of a beating . Straps are leather and very comfortable . Like I said , for $ 20 they ca n't be beat ... . who wants to pay $ 50-60 for sandals ?!?!? If these go away , you can always afford another pair .
 These are definitely a good buy . The shoes are comfortable and pretty durable . I live at the beach , and they 've been great .
 I was very happy with the flip flops , they were exactly what I expected .
 It 's difficult to find fitted hats for young kids , and this hat solved my problem . He was so excited , he wears it all the time , and it looks like the one the pro 's wear . It also will stretch with his head as he grows until we can get a true fitted hat .
 This product 's name fits ... It is a classic paintball barrel ... accurate ... no problems ... classic look .
 The barrel could and is very helpful in this sport my 11 year old son has a spyder pilot and was getting this barrel he really liked it because it was silver and for his paintball gun 16 inch was the best mod for his gun and its not expensive so when we go on road trips and the paintball field its the best thing he got so now he plays more often with cousins and the family on trips .
 This impeller fits many applications , among them the coolant pump -LRB- Jabsco 5850 -RRB- of my boat engine . The engine was overheating ; the impeller was ripped and had pieces missing . Replacement of the original impeller with this one did not immediately fix the overheating -- I had failed to remove the detached pieces of neoprene torn off the original impeller . Once I dug through the coolant tubes to remove the blockage caused by the errant pieces of vane , the engine temperature returned to normal , the pump worked perfectly.With any `` rubber '' impeller , whether a genuine Jabsco or an aftermarket substitute , do n't turn the pump backwards ; and do n't operate the pump with a restriction on the water outlet . Medium - and long-term storage requires that the impeller be removed or it will take a `` set '' and several vanes will no longer function properly.Impeller life can be extended -- sometimes -- by reversing the impeller in the pump if there 's no damage other than the vanes are curved and worn at the tips.If you replace your own impellers , a puller tool is WAY recommended . I have the Jabsco 50070-0080 compact puller .
 it work fine , I receive it on time in Saudi Arabia . the price of the item and shipping was good
 I purchased this game for our Fun Fair . I was looking for a frisbee tossing game . This is similar to Frisbee Golf . The assembly was quite easy . The overall size is fairly small . To solve the size problem in our Fun Fair , I purchased an orange 5 gallon bucket from Home Depot and placed the game on it . Not only did this solve the height problem , but also gave us a storage device for this game . Other than the small size of the game , everything else worked out fine . This game will be a keeper for next year 's Fun Fair .
 An office mate of mine bought one and brought it into the office . We had a good time tossing around , and set up some holes to play after work hours . We 're fairly avid disc golfers , so being able to play indoors is great . After playing in the office a bit , I decided that the price was well worth it and bought a set for myself . I use mine at home and have taken it camping . It 's a ton of fun.One thing to note though is I did n't get the blue color as shown in the picture . Mine -LRB- as well as my office mate 's -RRB- has a yellow basket with orange base and topper .
 For the price , this is a well-made product . We bought it to see if we would like to spend the money on a regular size disc golf set . This has been fun to play indoors - the kids love it .
 After I put this together , I wondered , will I knock it over ? After over one hundred throws , the basket has not moved . My disc golf partner has a high velocity putt shot , and after his throws , the basket stays steady . The discs are highly stable and seldom hyzer . We have thrown at the basket from over twenty-feet and the discs track well despite being a little small . The chains will trap the disc but `` slip-throughs '' do happen occasionally . I brought it to work and let students throw at it and they had a great time with it . This is a fun indoor disc-golf basket and it is addicting . If you are a regular out-door disc golf player , take a second look at this
 This is an great indoor disc basket . Even better was the price . The basket also breaks down for easy travel . I travel for work sometimes and when i get in the hotel room the first thing that gets set up is this basket way better than than watchin tv all night .
 My kids and I are enjoying Mini Disc Golf in the house . Totally worth the $ 25 .
 I have been playing back yard disc golf with dollar discs for a long time.For targets , we would either use upside down discs on the ground or plastic plates nailed to trees and such.If you are lucky you get a dollar disc that flies too well , which makes backyard frisbee golf a game of par 2 's and 3 's . If you are not lucky the dollar discs will not even fly -LRB- like dollar general brand discs -RRB- . This mini golf set takes backyard frisbee golf to the next level.The mini discs fly quite well . Hyzers , anhyzers , s-curves , and rollers , are all very do-able . They do n't fly far , which adds just enough difficulty to make playing in smaller yards fun.The disc 's are light enough that you can safely play with them inside to ... if that is not against house rules , that is!Tip : For night time fun , use clear duct tape to affix cr2032 batteries and bright LED 's to the underside of the discs and the target.Believe me , it makes the game that much more fun!microtivity IL185 5mm Assorted Diffused LED w / Resistors -LRB- 5 Colors , Pack of 50 -RRB- Joe Knows Electronics 5mm Clear Round LED Assortment -LRB- 100 Pack , 5 Colors , 20 of Each -RRB- Scotch Transparent Duct Tape , 2 Inches x 20 Yards , Clear -LRB- 2120-A -RRB- CR2032 Lithium Battery , Package of 5 -LRB- 5 Packs 25 Batteries -RRB-
 Purchased for 21/2 year old and 3 year old boys whose dad 's love to play grown-up disk golf . These little boys LOVE this pint-sized version and it 's fun to share and play w/friends their size . Fun outdoors or indoors.From a Gramma who is happy when it 's a `` HIT '' at a birthday party ! -LRB- vs. a DUD ... `` Next ! '' -RRB-
 I bought this for my classroom for the kids . They LOVE IT ! Thanks so much .
 This was purchased as a gift for a 6 year old so I 'm not sure if she liked it or not . It was something she asked for . I play regular disc golf and I think this item was suitable for a 6 year old . Shipping was quick and I got it in plenty of time .
 Gave as a gift to a 7 year old girl . It is a fun game and adults can play as well . Well made and easy to play . Good Value .
 I got this for a camping trip with young kids . Some many of the outdoor games are very cheap or not very fun . This works great . It 's not meant for serious players , but a great value and works surprisingly well . It 's small , but that was perfect for our campsite where full size frisbees would be bothering others . We had fun taking turns creating new holes to keep in interesting . I read good reviews before buying and still had more fun than I expected .
 Very fun outside or rainy days indoors . Keeps me and my 6 year daughter happily occupied for long stretches of time . Great for camping .
 Got this for my office for use with our IT team when we 're stressed or need to take a break . Tiny frisbees fly surprisingly well . It 's a lot of fun . Only improvement I can think of is to make the chain catch the frisbees better , sometimes the discs will go straight through the chain and come out the other side .
 Bought as a present for a 3yr old and the adults may have as much if not more fun with it too.Wham-O Mini Frisbee Golf Set
 Bought one for my daughter during Christmas , and it 's a fun toy =-RRB- For indoor use it 's great ! It 's taken some abuse already and you ca n't even tell , very durable as far as I can tell ...
 Love this item . True to description and pic . So much fun for the whole family . Great price and fast shipping . Would recommend .
 super fun ; discs throw really well . It 's all I expected from a mini disc golf set ... Just wish they sold the goals individually .
 I ordered this for my nephew 's birthday since his Dad is a disc golf player . My nephew was turning one but I figured with appropriate supervision he could play safely with this toy . As soon as we set it up he got a disc and went over and dropped it in the basket . It is the perfect size for a toddler , be aware the package says for older children and adults . This was the exact size I expected but could see that someone wanting to use this as a family activity might be disappointed . That said my brother-in-law thinks the gift was for him and uses it in the house even though he has a full size basket in the backyard . It is not built to last forever , but should last long enough to get my moneys worth .
 My grandson was disappointed when it arrived because it was not the full-sized version . I did n't realize I had bought the mini-version but would n't have spent $ 80 on the larger one anyway.Turns out that we actually prefer this one . The whole family has been playing with it and my husband is now saying we should get the larger one .
 So I bought this for my dad for christmas and he loved it . He used to be a active disc golf player but now works way to much and so he set this up and put it on the kitchen table . In fact at one point was talking about getting several more to put around the house and make it a mini disc golf course . This basket could be a bit sturdier but its pretty much a replica of his big disc golf basket which sits in his front yard . All in all I bought this for $ 16 on sale so I am happy with this purchase . I would recommend this for anyone who is a fan of disc golf . And my dad is in his 50 's and big kid and loves it so .
 This thing is awesome !! Have been avid fan of disc golf for some time . But for starters , greatest indoor disc golf ever ! Here 's where it really gets awesome . The discs that come with this are cool I guess , but too heavy for indoors I think . IT 'S UPCYCLING TIME !! I recycle and upcycle . So , take those Country Crock butter lids , sour cream tops , and you name it , and you 've got an ALL-DAY arsenal of sweet-flying , soft-touching , free ! , frisbees all around you . They are the perfect size for this basket and the hang-time on them is sweet . Heck , I 've got a Country Crock , cleaned out tub which holds the butter , now nailed to my wall as a little basketball hoop !! That 's right Mother Earth , I found a way !! Alright , but anyways , this thing rocks . If you 're in a house , heck you could make some bad-ass Par 5 's startin ' from the second floor and on down . Do n't let the dog snag your ` B ' though ! Awwww yeahhhhh !!!!!!!!!
 I have been a disc golfer for about 8 years now and never liked playing outdoor mini disc golf . I got this since it is cheap and wanted something to play around with while friends are over . The minis that come with the basket are a bit too lightweight for my taste . I do own a bunch of mini discs so they have finally come in handy . Build quality is cheap and flimsy but you get what you pay for and it gets the job done - fun fun fun !
 After reading the reviews , I was a little skeptical because some people were saying negative things about the size . After all , I did n't know the actual dimensions of the goal . The box is 12.5 x12 .5 x4 .5 , not the goal itself . After setting it up , I was more than please with the size keeping in mind the price that I paid for it . It sits about 2 ft tall , more than I thought it would be after the negative reviews . The plastic is exactly what I would have thought it would be also keeping in mind the price that I paid , but the construction of the goal is very good . I have tossed some hard throws at it , and although it shakes a bit , it takes the disc perfectly , even keeping that nostalgic clang of the chains ! The discs are a little hard to control on release , but fly well none the less . All in all , I would say this was a very good buy and would recommend it to friends and family looking for some fun , indoor and outdoor , for the whole family . And I did buy this toy mainly for the little kid in me , but my two year old daughter is having just as much fun with it !
 Bought this as an add-on present for my 13 yr old son , as he and I love to play catch with the frisbee together . Ended up being hours of creative fun as he , his 11 yr . old cousins & brother , 13 yr old cousin , 15 yr . old sister and adults figured out where the `` holes '' would start , what the `` par '' would be and how to score -LRB- lots of cheating ! -RRB- . We took the advice of another reviewer and put the goal on an upside-down 5 gallon bucket for added height . Just ordered 2 more of these to spread around our yard !
 The other reviews say it all . It 's awesome . I bought this for my office and I thought only me and one other sales rep would use it . 2 weeks after I placed it in the hall , I have all 15 people throwing discs and trying to bang the chains.It does what it 's meant to do
 I got my son this for his third birthday last year because his dad plays as do I , and he loved it so much!We have had it for almost a year now and it 's in great condition and him and his lil friends play with it all the time !
 All the kids in the house love this basket ! Age 2 , 10 , and 29 ! We have had this basket for nearly a year and it gets just as much use now as it did when we first bought it .
 What I expected.Plastic and a little floppy , but that lets it absorb the energy of the discs and it does n't tip over.Kids have fun with it.I have fun with it.It 's good !
 I received this little basket as a gift , and brought it to work . I placed it on my desk in my cube to throw at during breaks . The discs fly great . They are light enough to get a little lift yet remain in control . Granted there is no wind or other outside conditions affecting the throw . For the small price tag this little basket is great . It is a little wobbly where the basket connects to the bottom pole , but the wobble does n't affect how well it catches discs . My co-workers love it , and so do I. Definitely recommend it . It has also been especially good for getting the word out about the great sport of disc golf .
 Its kind of a retro outdoor game . Nevertheless , I 've had some family and friends over and we got into the spirit of the `` Whammo '' . Oh yeah , provided you are of legal age ; its even more fun after two beers -LRB- do n't drink and drive : - . -RRB- -RRB- Everybody can play , its also a game that the physically disabled may participate and even win in ... if that 's your thisig ''
 I got this for my dad and we set it up in his house and we had so much fun playing it . It is perfect for indoor use and with 6 different color frisbee 's it makes great fun for games with multiple people.I recomend setting it up on a chair or a table because it is eaisier to throw the mini frisbee 's at eye level . Have fun !!
 We got this for Christmas and we love it . Tons of fun right in your own living room . I wan na get another for the office now .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 10-year-old nephew , who is notoriously difficult to buy for . He has two younger brothers and I thought they could all play together . To my surprise , he loved it ! He 's never thanked me so much for a gift . It 's definitely mini but its a great game for both indoors and outdoors. , and a good value . I 'd definitely recommend this as a `` starter '' frisbee golf set .
 While this is not for playing serious disc golf , at this price it 's a steal and I think every disc golfer should get one . It 's large enough to be fun while being small enough that you can set it up inside your house . It 's great if you 're bored , sitting on the couch and watching TV or for getting your buddies together and setting up a full-on indoor course . Another great aspect of this basket is that you can play with it at night whereas even if you own a full sized basket it is hard to find a well lit spot to play -LRB- except maybe some putting in your back yard -RRB- . For their size , these discs fly surprisingly well and they float on water which I thought was nice because I want to set up the basket to where I have to throw it over the pool .
 Bought this for my son for christmas . Cant wait to give it to him . He 's been wanting to play just like his Dad and this will help him out . Its just his size and looks like SO much fun . It shipped to me really fast too ! I cant wait for christmas : -RRB-
 I play disc golf regularly and was surprised to find out this had disc that fly similiar to a putter and the basket actually caught the disc in the chains . My buddies and I play during nfl gamedays and it is fun .
 had 6 grandchildren here last weekend and they had a blast with this game ... kept them occupied for quite a while .
 My 9 and 5 year old grandsons had great fun . The 3 year old and toddler would walk up and jam the small frisbee in so they could be involved , too . I 'd have liked the disks to be a little bigger , but this works find . Arrived on time .
 Where I fish I can catch more trout in the springtime with these than with anything else I 've tried - and I 've tried lots of stuff ! Other colors work good too , but I have significantly better results with red in this product . These work good year round and are always in my trout arsenal . Wo n't be without 'em as long as I can get 'em !
 I bought two of these along with a Seattle Seahawk one for my brother and friends . We had such a great time and great memories of the night we wore them ! Highly recommend it !
 Had headphones for a couple of weeks . Use in home shop . With all switches off , it is excellent hearing protection.Tight on head , but that 's required . Reception for FM is as good as my other radio , AM a bit more iffy , very directional . I 'm is a valley that does n't help this reception . If you are in strong AM area , would be excellent even my car does n't get really good reception . I DO like the variable external sound I can receive . When my wife or phone may ring , I 'll turn this on and she can yell at me and not scare me like past by sneeking up and tapping my shoulder . If you need to talk to others close by , works well for that Ca n't speak to battery life , about 6 hours on first set of batteries so far.Overall I give it a 5 , nothing else out there similar .
 I bought these mostly for outdoor work so I could listen to the radio , especially when mowing . I also use them inside noisy industrial mechanical rooms.They cut down the lawn mower noise fine and I enjoy listening to the radio . The radio works fine , no problem pulling in my favorite stations , which are within 20 miles over mixed terrain.I was initially concerned about the ` analog ' dial tuner , but it was easier to tune than I thought , since your not looking at a graduated dial or digital display . Large knurled tuner knob was easy to use.In a mechanical room , which is usually inside a metal & block building , the reception is predictably spotty . The higher pitched noise of mechanical equipment is not muffled as well , but adequate.I subtracted one star since you have to buy a proprietary connector cable to connect your music player .
 I bought this headset to wear while putting in time mowing the lawn . The noise reduction is good . The radio is quite directional which makes it less than ideal in use , but I bought it to use the audio input function from my smartphone and I can listen to podcasts or music . I think they should throw in at least one audio cable , or dispense with the special plug requirement that this headset uses . The dual pin audio plug is in no way superior to a regular mini jack , and still requires some tweaking , bending of pins , etc , to make good contact.I 've also used the headset at work and the ` surround aware ' facility of this headset is cool .
 Sound control is excellent as is the quality of the radio . I 'm very satisfied and would highly recommend this headset .
 This a a great upgrade to my original Peltors . They are quite comfortable and the FM works fine . The AM is a little weak but I live out in the sticks so I guess it 's not unusually so . Overall it 's a good bargain .
 The sound and reception was great for about 5 mins . Then a limb knocked it off my head and under the bushhog it went , so I ca n't afford another 100.00 headphone so I 'll do some thing else . BUT it WAS Nice !
 Bought the Peltor Headset with the intention of using them in the Assembly Factory where I work but they did n't work out as I wished . Headset made my ears sweat and It was uncomfortable while working . Do n't get me wrong this is a nice AM/FM Radio Headset that does what it was designed to do , block out noise . I work in a Factory where the noise from machinery is deafening and let me tell you this headset did it 's job of blocking those noises.Just buy them , try them and give them a shot . If they do n't work out Amazon will happily refund you your money . They did with me !
 I work in a high noise area and have always worn hearing protection but , would remove it to talk with co workers . These hearing protectors from peltor are a terrific product.I was looking for hearing protection with a radio and decided to try these.I can let through enough sound to be able to understand my co - workers while not having to remove them . The radio makes time go by quickly , and the sound is much better than expected , the separate volume controls are great.They would be better if the `` surround '' also had a separate on/off button instead of a combined one with the volume control , and the radio was digital , along with slightly bigger ear cups.Overall these are a great product and are doing all the things that I purchased them to do.A little pricey but , well worth the extra money .
 My husband loves to use this while working outside . I love that it has ear protection and he can listen to the game while working . Definatley would recommend it .
 I bought these to listen the radio -LRB- music and football games -RRB- when I am mowing the lawn or working in the yard . I had an old pair of AM/FM headphones from Radio Shack that have great sound but are falling apart . I looked long and hard before buying these . I came to the conclusion that these were the best headphones on the market for my purposes for a reasonable price . After using the for some time , I can honestly say they are good but they could be better . They are well made and they have good sound . The ambient sound mic is a nice addition too . My big complaints are that they are too tight , the ear cushions could be softer , and the dial tuner is very narrow in its reception range . You have to pin point the station you want by moving back and forth until you are right on the frequency . A digital tuner would be better . That said , they work and I am happy with them .
 I work in a noisy factory envirement and these headfones block out the noise beautifully and i can listen to my radio station and not my workmates next bench over . There great
 I purchased these headsets after being familiar with these sound cancelling headsets in the military . I wanted the radio part on them as well . I have been using them in a noisy environment for about a week now and they are working great ! I can all but completly tune out loud noises and yet still hear the tools I 'm using clink together and the radio works quite well , even inside a hangar
 noise blocking excellent , reception good , lack of station indicator drawback too much time is spent finding station . very comfortable to wear . good sound quality .
 Pleased to announce that the radio , external mic , and the aux unput can all be used siamotainously -LRB- I was not sure if that was possible from reading the description -RRB- . This is awesome if your noisy job requires you to monitor a two way radio . These muffs protect your ears while enabling you to hear your surroundings , listen to the radio , and monitor your two way all at the same time . Awesome if you work at an airport !
 I purchased these headphones to wear whilst mowing lawns and they are terrific . They have excellent noise reduction , they are comfortable to wear and have good sound quality on the FM radio .
 I bought these to use with my backpack leaf blower because it 's incredibly loud - these are awesome . They are noise canceling and with the radio on , the blower or the mower are non-obtrusive . They have enough adjustment to wear over a hat . They do get hot in the summer , but the ear protection is worth a little sweat . -LRB- they keep your ears warm in the MN fall too -RRB- My only complaint is that the radio channel knob is EXTREMELY sensitive and there is no easy way to tell what channel it 's on without listening to the station for the info . Not a huge issue as I usually listen to the same station or tune it in prior to starting the job . However , I 'm very happy with the purchase and would do it again .
 I purchased the Peltor M2RX7A Alert AM/FM Radio Headset for my husband and for our son-in-law for Christmas . Both men are delighted with them . The sound reproduction and range of stations were more than either of them expected from earphones at this price . The feature that allows hearing someone speaking to them without removing the earphones was a big plus .
 I bought these headphones to wear while woodworking and cutting the grass . I am happy to say that they do a GREAT job . They have switches on the back of the right headphone that are easy to reach while you are wearing them . The top switch is the noise cancelling/amplification switch and the bottom one is the radio on/volume . The noise cancelling/amplification is amazing . I switched it on and I heard the fountain across the street and birds chirping as if they were right in front of me . Then I picked up a hammer and slammed it down on the workbench and I heard the hammer hit , but it sounded as if I tapped the bench . That is the beauty of these headphones - you can hear everything , but not to a damaging level . You still get the feedback you need from your tools but it is at a level that is pleasant . You can even listen to the radio and still hear everything you need to provided you do n't turn up the radio volume too loud - you should n't need to since you are blocking out the unwanted noise.The following things keep the headphones from reaching 5 stars : The radio tuner is not for the decision making challenged . There is no readout , analog or digital , so you have to listen to the heapdhones and wait for the DJ to say what station you are listening to . Not a big deal , I found a station I like and just leave it there . The station adjustment knob is the large and in the center of the outside of the right headphone - again easy to reach and not so sensitive that you keep skipping your station . The AM/FM toggle is right on the front of the right headphone and easy to reach . The other thing keeping these headphones from 5 stars is the fact a special cable is required to use an MP3 player or other audio device . Peltor is very careful to never show the back side of the left earphone - that is where the goofy connector is located that requires their special cable . There are a couple of websites that sell them - I have seen them for $ 20 - $ 30 , it is an FL6N cable . Maybe there is a good reason for this connector -LRB- 2 way comm standard or something -RRB- but for $ 110 , I want to be able to buy a $ 2.49 3.5 mm stereo cable and be good to go - or better yet INCLUDE IT with the headphones.Overall - great headphones with excellent performance .
 I found this set to be very impressive . The noise blocking is outstanding to say the least . Along with the built in radio sure makes yard work a pleasure while running landscaping equipment a couple hours per week.What I found very impressive is the active surround sound . When turned off , you are completely isolated from all sounds around you . When you turn on the surround sound , you actually hear everything as if you were not wearing this unit and actually louder as it will amplify slightly , but you you have full volume control for that as well.I find the radio to perform very well . I believe those that complained in other reviews around the web were probably in areas with a lot of buildings or structures which would tend to cause that . Out in the open , I never experience static once a station is tuned in.Now If radio commercials drive you mad , then here 's a simple fix . I purchased the audio cable that allows attachment of other audio devices such as a scanner or external mp3 player , etc and I also purchased a Create Labs Stone mp3 player . this is a very tiny mp3 player which holds 2 gig of data . I then took some velcro and attached it to the outside of these ear protectors over the battery cover.Since the player is only 2 inches long and .5 inches wide and weighs just over 1/2 ounce , its not intrusive at all . The cable can then be bundled up and out of the way.I highly recommend this headset . Even if you do n't run power equipment much or work in a noisy environment that long , they are still a pleasure to wear just for the radio -LRB- and mp3 player attached -RRB- Just a side note
 ***** July 5 , 2008 ***** These babies are fantastic . I use them while I 'm working on projects and when I 'm doing yard work . They are comfortable , not too hot , strong , and resistant to rain -LRB- so far -RRB- . The sound quality is excellent , too.Also , the surround microphones cut out when sound is greater than 85 dB -LRB- peaking -RRB- , while the radio stays on.Volume knob for surround microphonesVolume knob for radioTuning knob for radio stationsToggle switch for AM/FM -LRB- this switch is inset , so as not to bump it easily -RRB- ***** December 17 , 2008 ***** I have a few more things to add.Being that each speaker is isolated from the other , the stereo in these is amazing -- a much-intensified listening experience.Also , I will say that these are a little difficult to fit under my Skull Bucket full brim hard had . Luckily , though , I can get a comfortable , tight fit out of my hard had with these ear protectors on underneath of it . I advise using caution at heights , though , as there is a higher potential for the hard had to fall off with these on under it.I 've been using these every so often since the summer , and still have yet to change the batteries !
 I received these for Christmas , and am blown away ! I 've used them while running a chainsaw , string trimmer , and diesel tractor . Simply amazing . Listen to the radio while you can still hear outside noises -LRB- volume controls on both -RRB- , but outside noise shuts down above a certain sound pressure level . Makes working outside with noisy equipment a totally different experience ! I 'm surely going to wear these in the wood shop too . If I 'd had these 40 years ago , I could probably still hear high frequencies ! Very comfortable too . Peltor has hit a home run with this product !
 I was looking at hearing protection and decided on these . I had a pair of the basic am/fm headset last year and by the end of the summer they stopped working . I figured i would step it up a notch and see what crazy thngs were available.I am in landscaping and run power equipment almost all day long . The last pair i had made work more enjoyable , but these are a lot better . They seem to come in better and there is hardly any static between stations . The sound alert is better than i thought it would be . I can hear better with them on ! Its almost weird at first . . The antenna is a little shorter which is better and the maroon color looks better than yellow.My only problem is that they are a little big and there are small microphone heads on each and im not sure how the whole setup will hold up to even light rain . The price was also a slight factor . . If they make working more safe and enjoyable , they are a good envestment !
 This headset works just great . It is comfortable to ware . It blocks the noise of my T190 Bobcat just fine . The radio is nice . If I had to complain it would be the cost of adapter that plugs into my MP3 player , $ 24 . And it was hard to find . But sound quality is good .
 Just what I wanted . Station tuning knob could be much better . Stations very hard to find and keep dialed in . Outside sounds in thru the microphones is just great and sound proofing of outside noise perfect . A great product , considering I could not find anything better . I would have paid up to $ 300.00 for better . Does n't exist though . For what it is intended to do it is very adequate and reasonably priced.I have used the headphones for over a year now . The only complaint I have is the tuner . The stations do n't stay tuned in and are very hard to adjust . This needs to be digital for the money . I am now not so happy with this product .
 This product delivers as stated . Sound attenuation is excellent . Ability to adjust volume to hear important/normal sounds is great . Comfortable for short term use . Only negatives
 I do a lot of woodworking . Sometimes the noise gets bothersome and I was starting to notice a problem with his hearing . I also enjoys listening to the radio while working . The Peltor Alert AM/FM radio headset has solved both problems . The radio headset has elimated a lot of the high pitch noises that bother hearing and still I can listen to the radio . I can still hear outside sounds . -LRB- talking , machine sounds , etc. -RRB- to make wearing them safe . It just helps elimates the bad sounds .
 I 've never bought anything like this before . But it 's pretty neat . The radio works fine and you can find most stations with no problem . The volume for whether you want to hear outside sound is really cool . Seriously . If you turn it off , they work like regular sound blocking ear muffs . But when you turn the volume up , you can hear sound , but at a `` dulled '' volume . I can hear whispers and loud noises at the same volume level . I ca n't say enough good stuff about these .
 So glad I ordered this . Have used them all summer doing outdoor projects . In the 20 + years I 've mowed the lawn on my little tractor & used headphones , this was the first time I could actually hear the music playing . And it was not because I turned the volume way up high . They are truly wonderful .
 I am really impressed by these headphones . I previously had a pair of work tunes , but found them lacking in FM broadcast finding and available volume . I liked the digital radio and the automatic search feature , but returned them due to the fact that the radio was not loud enough . These Peltors are a much different story . They do an incredible job of finding and holding FM radio stations . I returned the Ipod cable -LRB- $ 39 -RRB- mostly because the price was abominable ; but also , because there was more radio music available than I had expected . The noise dampening is fantastic , and the microphones give me the ability to converse with others without removing the headphones . Really worth the extra money .
 The product performs as described , and is a good-value product for exceptional hearing protection ambient sound control . I 'm unclear what adapter cable is required -LRB- they list 3 -RRB- to mate to these headphones for Aux input . Help?Cal
 The headset is very comfortable and I love the fact that I can listen to music.I wished the radio is a little bit better . Not that simple to get the station you like and keep it . In general I turn the outside mics off , but it works well if I need them . Sound suppression is good .
 Very comfortable and effective . 5 stars if it had a 3.5 mm connector instead of the special one for external audio .
 these are worth every penny . best headset ever . top quality , and fit very well . i use these more than i ever thought i would . great sound , light weight , will definitly buy another pair if these ever break .
 I 've been using various forms of noise protection for tractor work , wood shop , and shooting for many years . I was looking for something that would give me noise protection while still allowing me to hear normal sound along with a radio and plug for my MP3 player . This product does the job very well . There are two microphones on the unit that are controlled by a volume knob . I can hear everything at normal levels , but harmful noise is canceled out . The other knob controls the radio . The only complaint I have about the radio is that the station selection knob is analog with no indicator or presets . You just have to turn the knob and listen . But , since you are wearing the headset you ca n't see the indicator anyway . But , presets would be nice . Otherwise , the quality of this unit is solid and I do n't find the weaknesses to be significant given the overall quality .
 I have not used it yet , but the transaction was excellent and I have no doubt that the product is excellent . I actually look forward to using this nice product .
 This is a great product for NASCAR races . Keeps car sound down , still hear your friends . Only problem , it does have some station fade -LRB- more so on AM than FM -RRB- when you move your head . I think it needs a better antenna system.Also the proprietary jack is extra expense , whish it had a standard mini so that you can plug in a scanner , ipod , etc. .
 This products works as well as they say it does . Mowing no longer seems like such a chore !
 I purchased this as a replacement for a 10 year old Peltor radio headset.The product is not made in Mexico or China it is made in Sweden.The first thing you will notice is that they have upgraded the plastic case to what appears to be a much harder and more durable material , the material for the foam cushions is of an improved quality and it is a delight to wear . The ambient noise feature is brilliant , it cancels loud noises and allows in background sounds like crickets chirping after you turn off your power tool.The radio receiver worked perfectly for FM and AM , it also has an input plug on the bottom for aux sound source.Worth the money , do n't buy a cheaper version in a hardware store .
 I bought a pair of these to use while mowing the grass . The noise reduction quality is fantastic , super quiet . The FM radio reception works great , no issue . The AM radio reception is positional but acceptable . Now the neighbors wo n't have to listen to me singing at the top of my lungs while I am on the tractor ! I would buy this item again and I highly recomend them .
 I have had the original Peltor Work Tunes for several years , but FM reception was lousy . These have much better reception and are not affected so much by the direction I am facing . Although I would have liked digital tuning , this headset holds the station much better - the last headset had to be retuned each time I turned it on .
 I love to listen to radio but maintaining a farm and airstrip meant too much noise for the earbuds , headphones , and other hearing devices that are normally available . I spend hours each week mowing , trimming , cutting brush , working with a tractor , doing carpentery work , among other thing that make too much noise to allow radio listening . I tried the `` Work Tunes '' available from Lowes and Northern Tool but they were grossly inadequate . I went through three sets before giving up.My search engine spat out `` Peltor '' as a maker of such headsets and , since the name was familiar to me as a maker of good aviation headsets , decided to try them . They were a bit pricey for my taste but I ordered a pair and find them to be everything the others were not . The radio itself is of excellent quality and has clear reception from end to end of both bands . The controls are of good quality and easy to access . I do n't have to remove the set from my head in order to actually see how to operate them . The suppression of exterior noise is excellent and I have n't found any machine noise that can penetrate enough to make listening difficult . In fact , somtimes it suppresses TOO much noise and I do n't hear machines laboring or making other sounds that I need to hear . The set has exterior microphones that allow exterior sounds to be heard at whatever level I choose but I seldom make use of this feature.One reviewer mentioned the set as being direction sensitive , and they are . However , this is an inherent characteristic of radio and has to with antenna orientation . This is a problem with AM only . The tuning knob is n't marked with frequency or even high or low ends of the band but this has n't been a problem for me.Overall quality appears to be good and it has proven rugged enough to weather a couple of rain showers and a few hard knocks . If the electronics prove durable I think this thing should be good for years .
 My husband uses heavy equipment for farming -LRB- 60 's era farm CAT -RRB- . Loud noise all day long . With these headphones he was able to listen to a variety of radio stations while almost completely blocking out the engine noise and was able to hear subtle changes as conditions changed . They fit well , snug , and he is ready to take them off at the end of the day , but they are comfortable . The batteries are lasting well and are easy to change . The surround sound -LRB- lets you hear soft sounds like a voice with the noise blocking on -RRB- works well . I have another friend who has used this headset and said it blocked out the sound of hammer blows while he was able to talk to a co-worker . Cool ! I like these better than any other radio headset I have purchased .
 This was a gift for my son . He really loved it . He has them hanging on his rearview mirror . I like the fact that it does n't get in the sight of vision or distract while driving , it is just the right size .
 I order this Cowboy Dice to hang from my rear view mirror and they are so cute with the Cowboy logo ... I would order this item again ... Also the colors are exact blue and grey . . not problem with the fuzzy dice . . a nice gift for the ultimate Cowboy fan . .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas & he loved it . This arrived much sooner than indicated . It 's adorable hanging off he rear view mirror .
 well i bought this to complete my husbands collection . He really said it was kiddish . But my son loved it for his room .
 Alright , alright . Good weight . Good swing . Nice grip . Makes that cool metal sound when it hits the ball . I like it . If you want a good bat , there 's no reason you should n't go with this one.It 's a good bat .
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 bought this on recommendation from a friend for my golden who was having some knee pain , not enough for surgery , just making it hard to get around ... after a month of use -LRB- adjusted for his size of course -RRB- He is feeling great ! Getting around better and better.I am sooo pleased to have him feel good ...
 Excellent supplement for your horse or dog ! Buy the equine Duralactin and adjust dose for your dogs ... more economical .
 Good sturdy strap , thick and durable . I have long legs and this strap is the perfect length for hamstring stretches .
 I like the color and the sturdy feel of this strap and I wanted a 6 foot one in addition to the 8 ft. I ordered .
 I thought I was ordering a strap that would hold my yoga mat for carrying it to and from class . Instead it is a prop that is used in yoga to assist in stretching , etc. . It is a good-quality product but just be aware that it is not a strap for carry the mat , just an additional prop that is used during exercise .
 What can I say ... I teach several Yoga classes a day and prefer the quality of the straps with the metal buckles .
 I practice yoga a few times a week at home . I had been using the strap of my purse -LRB- it detaches -RRB- for stretching the legs and figured it was time to order the appropriate prop for my exercise . The length of this strap is perfect for me -LRB- 5 `` 6 female -RRB- and it is extremely durable . I have had no need for the buckle but prefer the metal to plastic end . I am very happy with this buy ... it 's well made & the colors are fun too !
 I purchased the blue strap with the metal rings and I 'm very happy . It 's made of a very strong material , much like that of a gait belt for nurses . I 've used it a lot along with my yoga video and it feels as strong as ever , while still being easy on the hands . I definitely got more than what I paid for here !
 I bought this after taking some yoga classes and asking for advice on increasing flexibility in my very tight hamstrings . Isometric stretching is also recommended by many physical therapists and I really notice a difference in how tight my legs feel if I stretch most days . I am 5 ' 5 '' , female , age 24 and this length is perfect for me , not too long that I have excess strap getting in the way . I bring it when I travel in my suitcase !
 I bought this already knowing how beneficial it would be . As a very active rock climber and former runner , stretching is very important . However , also being an all out spaz , I forget to stretch . This resulted in a visit to the doctor -LRB- also see
 This yoga strap is the perfect size for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' -RRB- and extremely durable . I got the one with the D-ring and it 's perfect for stretching in the morning .
 This strap is heavy duty and just the right length for working on legs while seated or lying down . Do n't use the buckle but it seems adequate .
 I do yoga at everyday , and I used it ! So I bought two one for me and one for my friend . The strap helps him perform positions without pain , while I notice the benefits .
 This is a super quality , super awesome strap ! I love the colors , it is nice to have something with a little interest rather then a boring black or gray . This thing will last forever ...
 I ordered this Hugger Mugger Yoga Strap through Amazon . As always , the product arrived quickly and met - no , exceeded - my expectation . The multi color is attractive and the strap is strong and easy to use to facilitate asanas . The strap was a gift for a family member who is very pleased with it ! Highly recommend this product !
 I got this as a gift for a friend who is a big Jets fan , and he loves it . It 's pretty good quality . My one concern was whether it would be big enough for his head , because he has a bit of a ` fro , but it fit him just fine . It would be too big for a kids head , but I 'd definitely recommend it for any grown-up Jets fans .
 So far so good . The ball came very soon after I ordered it and was already filled . As of yet , no complaints .
 I love Molten volleyballs ! This balls is very nice . I mainly use it for pickup co-ed volleyball games .
 If you enjoy documentary films like Step Into Liquid , Riding Giants , Dogtown and Z Boys , you 'll enjoy this historical account of the Banzaii Pipeline.Movie covers everything from the early surfers at Pipe , the evolution of the contest at Pipe and the confrontations that the foreign surfers had to work through to be accepted -LRB- or just tolerated -RRB- . Add it to your surf film collection or start your collection with this film .
 This is a great video , especially at this exceptional price . Footage , interviews , and specificity of content all first rate . Packaging is beautiful , and full of supplemental information . Product came much sooner than expected . Vendor and product both highly recommended .
 This is one of my go-to lures for larger bass and pickerel / pike . Both will snap at it , either out of hunger or irritation . I 've tried lots of lures with big names or flashy appearance but not results that were expected . This one delivers .
 I 'm a big Vikings fan and live in the frigid north , North Dakota , to be exact so I just had to get these . They work great . The company who made them makes good quality gloves that keep your hands warm , even in sub zero temperatures . Also , they can put up with some abuse . I am wheelchair bound and use my hands to wheel myself so when I have these gloves on they rub up against my tires and push rims a lot and unlike gloves I 've had in the past , they are showing very little wear and tear as of yet . Over all , very happy with this product and would recommend to anyone who needs gloves where they live and loves the Minnesota Vikings !
 The vest looks great , fits great , and feels great . I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 I gave this watch to my boyfriend and he couldnt stop looking at it . Not only was it a nice watch , but it got here three days after I bought it , which was the week of valentine 's day -LRB- when the mail is crazy -RRB- . The lady that I delt with was also so nice and so helpful with any questions I had . I would shop from them again anytime ! Thanks
 I used this sword in a library program about ancient Rome and it was beautiful ! The hand guard -LRB- not sure if that 's what it 's called on a gladius -RRB- and the scabbard had wonderful detail in metal , which added to the heaviness of the sword ... in a good way ! It has a fine depiction of Romulus and Remus and also the S.P.Q.R. eagle . The scabbard 's wood is not real wood , but it is still very nice . A great addition to a growing sword collection !
 My friends Les & Kathy gave me a set of Mallow Masters by Barr Brothers . These things are GREAT ! The plastic keeps your hands from getting hot and the double tines -LRB- retractable -RRB- keep the marshmallow in place . Heat does n't seem to travel up the prongs . There 's no problem gently squeezing the prongs together to slide on a marshmallow.Just be careful when setting them down as the handles ARE plastic.I 've found the best way to clean them is right after the marshmallow is done , just gently scrape the prongs against a burning piece of wood until clean . Let cool and then they retract back into the plastic handle.Way better than a stick or bent clothes hanger !
 I was pleasantly pleased by the quality of the clubs and the bag . My daughter is just learning to play , she is 6 ; the clubs are slightly large for her but she will grow into them . Overall , would highly recommend .
 My daughter looks forward to using these clubs . She 's a tall 4 an she can still grow into them . Good purchase . Should last about 2 more years before she 's too big for them .
 Got these for our daughter after her showing interest in golf . She really thinks she 's cool bringing these to the driving range .
 I really like this cushion . It works well in an office chair or in the car . The only issue I had , was they forgot the needle that goes with the air pump to air it up , so we got our own . It 's definitly worth the money , if you have lower back problems and/or hip pain .
 needed somethin to just mix up after workout drinks . needed a bigger mouth at least 8-10 ounces and durable . this is great .
 I was looking for a small bottle to take juice with me to work for breakfast , but I also wanted something that was easy to clean . The mini-grip is perfect . All the benefits of a full-size Nalgene , but in a smaller capacity . And being a Nalgene , you do n't have to worry about leaks or breaks . So glad I went with this !
 These water bottles are great . Small size is perfect for little hands . Even better , they do n't leak . I used this hiking and carried extra water for the kids in my camelback since the bottles are pretty small .
 Really changes the way I fish , being able to ` see ' out of the sides of the boat . Knowing the structure around the boat really helps finding baitfish and where the big ones are hiding in structure !
 Good product and of good quality . The hardest part of this is the installation of the tranducer holder to the transom . The directions are very good and descriptive . It does take a few tries to tweak it in . If you get it to far off it will create quit the rooster tail . A third hand can help a bunch on the installation.As far as on the water have n't got to use much as I like but seems to be very sensitive so turned it down a little and had good results.I also bought a spare transducer holder from Humminbird for $ 11 for emergency back up . Had read a few reviews where there had broke -LRB- from high speeds 60 + -RRB- . My unit is a 788ci all products are working great together .
 I ordered the Humminbird -LRB- XNT 9 QB 90 T -RRB- transducer with a temperature probe , but TheFactoryDepot shipped me one without the temperature probe -LRB- XNT 9 QB 90 . Since both the invoice and the packaging material stated that the transducer had the temperature probe , I had no reason to suspect that they shipped the wrong transducer . I did n't discover that the temperature did n't work until I was on my fishing trip , but by then it was past the 30 day return policy . Not until someone suggested that I check the label attached to the transducer cord did I find out that the transucer had in fact no temp . probe . Other than the non-temperature issue , the transducer works well . Although , I would have preferred to have the transducer replaced with the correct one , TheFactoryDepot did give a price adjustment .
 The product exceeded what I was expecting even though I read it thoroughly . Was in a new package and has worked as expected . Mounted perfectly , hooked up as expected and had sonar immediately on boat launch . Company shipped and delivered in the time promised . If possible will do business with them again . Thank you .
 Item came quickly . Had to call Humminbird to verify installation instructions as not super familiar with this type of item . Followed the instructions and the product fixed my problem and works well .
 The quad beam transducer is a great upgrade for the Humminbird 858c . Shows bottom details I 've been missing all these years . Well worth the money .
 These are all the same product produced by the same factory and work very well and as intended . I was pleased to find this product on Amazon - it was the best online price of all that I could find .
 I think its funny that anyone would buy this for `` practicle '' . Not that swords are practicle at all in this age , but simply looking at it you can tell its not grade A - not for that price.If you 'd like something that looks nice on your wall and resembles Cloud 's sword then go for it , because its a good deal and a terrific idea . But pay attention to the `` not battle ready '' part of the discription . True someone may have been able to `` cut down a tree '' or whatever but do n't buy this thinking you can do the same , not only are swords not even meant to do that but all you will end up doing is a -RRB- wearing down your sword and ruining the quality and b -RRB- probably end up breaking it thus wasting your $ $ . The only problem I have is that its not that great looking , sure its a good copy of the Buster , but you can tell the price is right for the workmanship . Also the `` made in pakastan '' really ruins the feel for an authentic looking weapon . They really should have known better and put that somewhere else , on the blade it just looks tacky.This is a WALL PIECE , for display and perhaps a few `` role-play '' videos or acting . A anime/game-con goer ? Then go ahead and wow them with your Buster Sword , because even if its just a display piece , its sure to turn peoples heads and have them saying `` awsome '' before telling you how much they want one.Lupus
 Its a pretty sterdy sword , and for it price it good , but i got mine with scracths and could other things , probley smithing , but its good for price , id recommend it . 4/5 stars , -LRB- it 'd be 3.5 if half was a option
 Well , this IS a fine-looking sword , and it 's nicely modeled after Cloud 's Buster Sword from Final Fantasy VII -LRB- PS -RRB- . However , the only problem I have with it is that it 's nowhere near the actual dimensions of the gigantic , thick-bladed weapon our hero uses in the game - however , the manufacturer most likely did this on purpose , as a normal human being could not -LRB- easily -RRB- pick up , nevermind swing around and use as a deadly weapon , a sword of that weight and mass . Therefore , this sword looks to be an excellent alternative to having to infuse yourself with pure Mako energy just to wield a sword . I 'll post a second , more in-depth review once I actually purchase the item .
 YO DAWGS I dunno wut ur talkin bout but i love dis sword . I cut through a tree in one swing . no B S ! it rules !!
 This is an awsome replica and looks beautiful . the mirrored finish looks great , the size is a tad small but who cares its awsome . the display stand is sweet and holds the sword rather well and the sturdiness of the sword feels real good . granted its not going to take blow to a tree trunk or anything but it is a REPLICA and is for display . if you are swinging this thing arond then man ou do not need it .
 i am very happy with the item that i have purchaced . the quality of it is very good . there is only one thing that kind of dissapoints me is that the blade moves just a small amoung , otherwise it was a very good buy . i would and probably will do buisness with them again . thank you .
 you guys are being far to critical with this sword its great , incredibly sturdy -LRB- i have hit it against a tree it 's fine ... -RRB- i use it in my movies and it holds up great .
 This Buster Sword replica is awsome . The blade is wide and sturdy . Im not sure about the amount of tang this thing has but it is very well built . The handle is curved a little instead of the flat handle that the game 's sword had , but this is an awsome sword and I would recommend it to fans of FF7 and sword collectors .
 i just got this sword and its well very well made for display purposes only ... but if u want one that you can play around with ... well i recomend spendin ' a bit more $ $ $ and get the full tag battle ready version of this sword ... i would highly recomend this sword if your a final fantasy fan and need some display space to cover with because this sword will get the job done .
 i should know more than James Cope due to my 11 sword collection but this sword does look flimsy due to its immense blade size compared to the handle and the fact that its only stainless steel turns me away but anything made to look like something from Final Fantasy or Kingdom Hearts for that matter ; for me ; is bought
 I am so happy to have found the Mojo Mixed Nuts bar . It provides wonderful combinations of salty and sweet tastes and crunchy and chewy textures and is far better than the other energy bars I 've tried . I have just 2 requests
 I reviewed these but my review was placed with another flavor . I really love these bars ! They are a little salty , a little sweet -LRB- 8 g. sugars -RRB- chewy and crunchy all put together . Lots of nuts , wonderful snack to keep you going between meals !
 XLNT product , but Amazon has just bumped the price up by $ 5 a box . -LRB- currently $ 17.95 -RRB- ... thats $ 1.12 per bar . Out of my price range : -LRB- The last time I ordered these a few months ago , all flavors were $ 12.95 / box .
 These are by far my favorite snack bars . All other snack bars brands are too sweet or desserty . I love the sweet & slightly salty nut combo . It satisfies both cravings and is great on the go and trail snacks . I also bring one along for mid-day -LRB- ski -RRB- lift snacks . I agree with the above . The price on this product has gone up here . Plus it 's hard to find these in the stores . At least when I 'm looking for them I ca n't find them . I 've purchased these in dividually for $ 1.00 . Seems if you buy the box they should be a bit more of a better deal than buying individually . I 'm glad there are no hydrogenated oils or trans fats .
 This is a good gauge that seems to be very accurate.The built-in pump works very well for adding a bit of air when the ball is under-inflated . It runs on a big watch-style battery . I find that it needs to be replaced one time per year , but these batteries are only a couple dollars each.To be sure , it is a manual pump . I would not want to use this pump on a completely deflated ball , but it works great to add a little bit of air . Given the small size and the small battery , it would be a little optimistic to think it has an automatic air pump.For volleyball , it works great . 4.3-4 .6 is the required psi for volleyball . Those `` analog '' pumps with a range of up to 20-30 psi make me much more skeptical abouttime accuracy within the required VB range .
 I 'm a basketball and volleyball ref - this gauge is great for checking balls before a match and either removing or adding air to get to the proper pressure . Only wish the pump were bigger - you can wear out your wrist pumping for several minutes - but the ability to read the pressure is very nice . Excellent product , reliable , well made !
 The product is awesome ! The graphics are awesome ! I recommend the seller , good price , fast delivery !
 I like this backpack because I can put my books in it and carry it to school with me ...
 I do n't get the review stating that it 's hard to read at night . I agree that the glowing part of the minute hand can partially cover the 5 minute markers , but it 's still very easy to read once you know your watch . And especially because it really glows brightly . It even glows during an overcast , rainy day here in Vancouver.It 's a great watch . The one I 'm using is a decade or so old and a friend lent it to me while waiting for my Momentum Pathfinder to arrive . The hands really have character and they 're also easy to read . I like the 24 hour numbers for use in airports . It 's been used hard and has proven itself to be a tough watch , but is also attractive in a chunky dive watch kind of way .
 i have purchased and been gifted many professional sports jerseys and this ranks at the very top of being as close to an identical jersey as they get . made a very happy 9 year old boy on Christmas morning ! Easy order and very timely delivery .
 arrived fastgood qualitygood priceno complaints
 As a watch enthusiast , I can honestly say that one just does n't find many yellow watches for women , which is what makes this watch all the more appealing . I would like to mention how pleased I am with the St. Moritz company for having the notion to make dive watches for women in as many colors as the watches they make for men . Well done.As for the watch , it 's fairly standard . It has a timing bezel and date function , as well as very bright glow in the dark hands . I should mention that I do n't scuba dive , so I have never tested the function of the watch at any considerable depth . I do snorkel , however , and so far the watch and the band have stood up well to salt water.Overall this is an attractive time piece . I recommend it for any outdoorsy sort of woman -LRB- or child , as another reviewer mentioned that he bought this for his son -- I would have loved this when I was a kid -RRB- who can appreciate its eye-catching appearance .
 I was a little wary about this product from the picture , but the picture does n't do it justice . This is a manly table , with a commercial blower and construction . I absolutely LOVE IT !!
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 * Ronstan Snatch Block-All Purpose Roller Bearings . * This Ronstan block features tough and reliable solution for temporary leads and line deflection . * Features easily operated latch mechanism , soft resilient cheeks , removable aluminum sheave , stainless steel needle roller bearings , and ` cam lock ' models feature easier opening and positive closure . * Materials
 I purchased this item as a gift for my son-in-law . These are his favorite hunting DVDs and he was very pleased with it . The product arrived promptly in excellent condition .
 I have used many different brands of sealant and find this brand to be the best brand to use if you want long term protection .
 This watch stands out among the crowd of `` Submariner '' look-alikes . Invicta fans might wish it varied more in design from the Rolex namesake model , so that it could escape unencumbered from the stigma typically associated with Rolex look-alikes . Nevertheless ... The quality of craftsmanship is evident from the time you first open the clamshell box . It is an excellent value , surpassing the lesser Invicta models with Japanese automatic movements in material integrity , mechanics , and aesthetics -LRB- though the Japanese mvmt versions do serve to meet a specific niche demand-namely , a decent , reliable $ 100 automatic watch -RRB- . Opt for the Swiss mvmt Invicta models , the difference in craftsmanship far exceeds the difference in price and they remain one of the best values in the automatic watch market.As for accuracy , the ETA Swiss mvmt is very reliable . Mine has required no adjustment in many months -LRB- it is kept on a winder when not being worn -RRB- .
 After receiving my order sooner than expected I thoroughly inspected every detail on this watch . It is extremely well made and I would recommend this purchase to anyone .
 A beautifully crafted , beefy watch - though not overbearing . Quite happy with its looks ... much nicer than the picture gives credit.Arrived in about a week - packaged very professionally ... I could probably even sell the box it came in by itself .
 This watch is a VERY good quality watch and one that is the pinnicle of my collection . I am very impressed with the quality of this product . It is looks like a Rolex but for a fraction of the price ...
 I have used many different brands of sealant and find this brand to be the best brand to use if you want long term protection .
 I knew about the watch -LRB- that 's why I bought it -RRB- . But the service was amazing . Best service I ever had . The watch was delivered within three days -LRB- US to Germany -RRB- . Ordered the watch on a Sunday and got a message from UPS in Germany on Tuesday.Besides , a great watch !!! Quality from Switzerland . There 's nothing more to say . I can only recommend this one -LRB- watch and shipper -RRB- !
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 I have acquired this product knowing what I was after . It is a very precise mechanical watch , which will certainly perform its best in outdoor type of situation , be it diving or whatever sport you do . Yet also it has this strong character and the looks to be worn in a formal situation . Thank you very much for such a good timepiece delivered in immaculate order .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I 'd been fishing Hula Poppers for years until this summer when I picked up one of these - now I rarely bother with anything else in topwater situations . I 've just had such tremendous luck with the Super Spook Jr. that it 's become my go-to during those early mornings or sunsets when the bass are prowling the surface . It 's heavy enough that you can cast it tremendously far , and playing the lure with the walk-the-dog - technique is immensely fun .
 I love this for peacock bass . Changed out the hooks and the split rings for heavier duty because of the size of the fish but great lure .
 this is by far the best lure in my arsenal for Sea Trout . Also caught a large red fish on it .
 I recieved the soccer ball fairly quickly . My son loves it . The only drawback I had was that I had to inflate the ball myself which required me to buy a pump with a sports needle .
 well balanced , though smaller than i expected ... Its still an aamzing product but for my lack of depth perception hehehe ... I highly recommend it .
 I 've never heard of battle angel alits , but when I saw this I did a triple take ... I have a drawing done on a napkin from my college years with almost exactly the same dimensions and design features , down to the holes in the blade and the shapes of the handles and blades to allow for practical use . Needless to say I ordered it immediately , and was very happy to receive it in less than a week . It is very heavy , but usable , flippable -LRB- maybe using a helmet , steel toed boots , and pads while you get used to it would be recommendable -RRB- and adjustable even ! -LRB- all you need is an allen wrench -RRB- very surreal to have the product of my imagination constructed and sold to me !
 First of all , let me say that Battle Angel is my very favorite comic serial . So I was browsing Amazon one day , and i saw this . A buddy of mine was with me at the time , and apparently he understood the foundation of my elation , for when Christmas day came , sure enough , I received it as a gift . Yes , it is amazing . Very heavy and unwieldy -LRB- naturally -RRB- , very well-made , absolutely gorgeous . Constructed to very exacting detail . I 'm immensely pleased .
 Being a huge fan of the comics , and a giant geek , i felt my life would not be complete without owning this
 I too a fan of the comic , had to have one for myself . It feels sturdy to work on as I think I need to tighten it up a little to correct a slight twist . Need to practice for a while so I do n't goof a hole in the wall . My wife opened it up with the dawning amazement of a chimp and jumped accordingly . Now at 's a knife . . As I do n't think I saw before purchasing , lengths are 203/4 '' -LRB- 53cm -RRB- closed and 371/2 '' -LRB- 95cm -RRB- open , 11/4 '' sideways and 3 '' wide closed . Not true to the novels but she 's lil ' and I 'm big , angles and all , whatever.Size is good with me as any bigger or heavier blade designs like this could get useless even for collection , if I want to stay married I 'm told . Did n't tell her the shipping price . I do n't fire flares when the Red Baron circles . Shipping speed was great ! Adults only with this one , close this thing the wrong way and uh-oh typing . Satisfied !
 I bought this for a gift for my grandson who collects swords . I do n't know much about swords , but he said it was exactly what he wanted and had been looking for . Guess that would be a rave review !
 This was a great product . It was delivered in a timely fashion , and in excellent condition .
 Its not totally perfect but I love it . My bf loves butterfly knives and he show me this beginning of December ' 09 . . most of the site I went to that sell this knife was out of stock then in may of thus year I went online to look for it again and found it on Amazon . My bf birthday is coming up in August . I ca n't wait tell I surprise him with it .
 I had been looking at getting this item for a while and this was the best price we found anywhere . It 's a good quality item , made from steardy wood and stainless steel . The shipping may seem steep , but when you get your hands on the item you will understand -LRB- part of shipping cost in based on weight -RRB- . Overall , a wonderful product .5 out of 5 stars
 this sword is worth the buy . even though it wieghs about 10LBs . and almost impossible to actually get a few good swings in fight ... though one swing might be good enough unless the person has metal in them . this is very sharp mayne n so friggin cool . i took an orange and apple n through em in the air n cut clean straight through the both -LRB- not at the same time lets be real -RRB- but yea . a stand does come free with it jus for show no biggie and the clip to keep it close really doesnt work while open but who cares if u are using it to damage some one u 'll be holding it by the wood which wil keep it close any way n the weight of it doesnt really allow the handles to go flyin about the place so despite that fact its still friggin cool i 'll up load a video maybe 2nite or 2moro
 It 's an extermely beautiful watch . Very durable . I would have liked the strap to be a little longer , but it 'll do . Great product .
 I 'd never used hiking poles before I got these , but I feel naked without them now . Heading uphill , they can be shortened so one essentially does 4-point hiking without getting dirty . Downhill , they can be lengthened . They can be shortened and stuck in a backpack -LRB- sticking out the top -RRB- for hiking rope sections or rock faces where you need two hands free . I do n't use them on flat ground although many people do.If you 're new to trail poles , this is about the price point to buy as a first pair . The cheapest models are not anti shock and one would quickly get tired of using them .
 Used these on a recent vacation and they worked wonderfully . On the trail I shared them with the rest of the group , just for them to try , then I could n't get them back ! Highly recommended .
 This is what i wanted for christmas and it got here fast it will a good collection to my georgia stuff
 I was a little bit disapointed when this arrived because I was expecting a `` full sized helmet '' it was not . In saying that I also want to say that this product is a good product . I still like it and have it displayed on my desk at work . Full size would have been better but the smaller size is good .
 Their customer service is great . They are there to help you with your product in anyway . Very courteous and quick to make you happy .
 things almost as tall as i am . its 5 foot 8 inches . great decoration or collectors piece .
 On of the largest I can find and I ca n't find a complaint about it . It 's a large replica of Ichigo 's sword and i is beautiful . The sword fit easily and is taken out easily from scabbard -LRB- dispite it 's enormous length -RRB- and in general is a really good buy .
 Its so long that you can not unsheathe it with two hands . Only someone with a abnormally long wing span could sheathe it . Its massive .
 The sword is worth the money that you pay . For those who expect a battle-ready sword that can actually maim someone , you 'll be disappointed.Regardless , the material used to make the sword is above average . The handle is comfortable and seems very sturdy . The chain is accurate to the anime . The blade is strong , though I would recommend against swinging at trees.Overall , I am pleased with the product that I received .
 Item was shipped out on 05/05/08 and was recived on 05/07/08 . Very good condition , exactly as shown and discribed . Best sword I have ever bought .
 I was impressed with the quality of construction for this sword . Most replcas that I find are made of as much plastic as possible in order to reduce cost .
 This sword is AMAZING , its damed near perfection i thoroughly examinde the blade for any scratches or even wether it was strait or not , its pretty darned solid as when u hold it out sideways it bends about a millimeter out , and for a sword of this magnitude thats real good , purchase it if ure into bleach
 The sword is beautiful . It was sent very promptly . The sword was also packaged for transport securely . The seller did an excellent job and we WILL do more transactions with them .
 This came in really quick . I have no swords to compare this to put i think its great . It is pretty heavy , the blade is solid black and the sheath -LRB- sp ? -RRB- is very nice also . If you buy this sort of thing a lot or want this go for it .
 I do n't know much about swords . I know nothing about how they are supposed to feel , handle or hold up . All that I do know , is that this sword feels sturdy , looks good , and shipped fast . I recieved it three days after paying for it . After many swings , it does n't rattle , and everything is fine . Everything is metal , there is no plastic on this sword . The sword itself seems well crafted . The only thing that could even come off as a defect , would be that you can see some of the hammer marks in the blade from when they made it . They are really insignificant and you wo n't even notice them unless you scrutinize the blade closely . Overall , I am completely satisfied with the sword . It feels strong , looks good , and in my oppinion , is just plain awesome .
 Though I can not say I am an avid sword collector , I can say this sword not only met , but surpassed my expectations - especially for the price . The shipping was top-notch , and expedient . One question I had was if the hand guard was also metal , and it is . The blade is standard steel , and painted black . It 's weight is 4.5 lbs , and the handle is well-wrapped , as playing around with it has not affected the wrapping in the slightest . The chain in the back also does not feel like a `` cheap imitation . '' If you 're a fan of bleach as I am , and you 're even contemplating this sword , you really should give it a shot . It 's a great buy for the money , and it 's guaranteed to wow your friends , especially if they are under 5 ' 8 '' -LRB- the length of the sword -RRB- . Hope this review helps !
 As previously stated by everyone else , this is a great replica sword . It does , however , have a few drawbacks . The sword is not balanced at all and is n't very sharp . This sword is n't a practical sword , of course , and was n't made as such . It makes a great display , but I would n't recommend playing around with it much . The blade is 440 stainless steel , which should be fine most everyone 's purposes ; it is n't carbon spring , but as mentioned before , this blade is n't made for full contact use or to be practical . The blade is nicely made though with real ray skin on the hilt and a full tang . You 'll want to coat with something to prevent rust so that it 'll last longer . Lastly the sheath is a ` tension ' sheath meaning the blade is being held in by tension alone . You 'll have to pull moderately hard to get it out initally .
 I agree with other positive reviews such as : Very well made , worth the price , etc.Adding to that , From what I received : What I did n't like was the word `` china '' inscribed on the blade -LRB- near the hand guard -RRB- . It would have been better if it was inscribed behind the hand guard or somewhere else besides the blade.Other note : There 's some difficulty in taking out from the sheath and putting back into the sheath .68 '' ver . Is not recommended for cosplay or playing around with.It says sharpened but it 's poorly sharpened . -LRB- It barely cuts paper -RRB- Other wise , it 's a great replica.Great to show off and all .
 No problems whatsoever , the wax from the sheath wipes off easily with a rag . Arrived in 5 business days . I am very satisfied with my purchase and I wholeheartedly suggest sword demon to anyone else looking to buy a blade .
 Just got my sword today , and it 's very nice . No damage or problems with the sword and it feels very well made . This is one huge sword though so do n't expect to be swinging it around one handed . But in short if you 're a fan of Bleach you 'll be happy with this purchase , and it 's sure to provoke some questions from anyone you show it to.P.S . I was really surprised to see how fast it showed up , only 4 business days .
 I got this nice blade about 4 days after I ordered it and my , my . Its very well made but the sword 's sheath on the inside leaves white flakes , almost like white paint on the blade but it wipes right off . I do n't know if some of the foam fell into the sheath but what the hey . This sword is a MUST have for hardcore Bleach fans .
 I was a little worried when I ordered this product because of all the reviews saying their sheath or something else was damaged when they received it , however , mine came packaged well and was in perfect shape , no cracks or anything.It looks exactly like Ichigo 's sword except for one detail , on the grip there 's a golden dragon on it , but it 's mostly covered anyway so that 's not a huge deal.Overall as a bleach fan I 'm very satisfied with this purchase , it 's hanging on my wall right now and looks as cool as ever . 5 stars .
 it was in very good condition when it arrived , and it arrived faster than i thought , and it had everything from the picture , and it was made much better than the master sword i ordered early , good job knivesdeal !
 I bought this for my son as a Christmas gift . He and I are both into anime and like the ` Bleach ' series . I almost kept this sword for myself ! I bought it with the idea that it was a simple decoration sword , something for show not for use . So I was very surprised by the quality ! Full tang blade , razor sharp with no false edge , carbon steel ! Bad * ss ! I was cutting full water jugs into quarters like a hot knife through butter ! If it had bought it for myself , I would have pushed it a lot farther , but the length of the blade and the flexibility made me worry that it might bend , so I did n't push it too far . It is still a decor piece in my mind but in a pinch could be used effectively for defense for at least a short period . I will probably buy one for myself -LRB- at $ 60 something dollars you really ca n't complain ! -RRB- and see how far I can push it .
 This is a must get for all fans of swords and of course BLEACH ! The sword is a masterpiece , so to speak , taller than your average friend , co-worker , Mom , Dad and of course little brother . It is quite heavy to lift up and swing around and futhermore I do n't recommend that at all . The sheath has a beautiful spotted design on it and little string that just adds to Tenza Zangetsu 's appeal . The black katana blade , magnificent handle , decorative chain and unique hilt make this sword a must have . BANKAI!P.S . I collect swords so I am very critical in my reviews .
 whole sword is very nice . if your a bleach fan you will love it . even if you arnt this sword is awesome . the sheeth has this little dot design on it though that you cant see in the picture though .
 This sword is a very inexpensive but nice sword for anime enthusiasts like my son . It is long but we knew it would be from the great description given . It came to us very fast and in good condition . Now he is and anime and sword enthusiast . Thank you .
 I purchased this sword and received it really fast . The only complaint I have is that it 's not very sharp . Although what do you expect with a 68 '' sword : -RRB-
 the sword is pretty cool and stuff but here a couple pros and cons about it.pros first . It looks cool . Its long and heavy like a real sword . it has a good design and stealth to it . it kinda looks like what the picture shows.now for the cons . It says china on the blade near the handle . -LRB- you could paint over it if you know what kind of paint to use . -RRB- the blade wobbles alot . . Its not sharp . -LRB- but its easy to sharpen . -RRB- if the Apocalypse came dont rely on this sword to get the job done . -LRB- * pull out that hunting knife under your mattress * -RRB- the hilt the red part that you see is some kinda plastic/rubber .
 So I 'm not an expert judge of swords but this one was pretty cool and very accurate . The chain is sturdy and not fragile . I 'll have to say that I was surprised to see it was taller than me and I 'm 5 ' 4 '' . It 's also a bit heavy and not really something I would play in a house with.The only thing I have to complain about is the packaging . The sword was in between two pieces of Styrofoam -LRB- and the only thing that held them together was tape -RRB- and put in a box that looked like it was about to fall apart . However , it was n't too bad since the sword itself did n't take any damage.All in all , this sword is worth the money .
 This is possibly the best replica I have ever seen , and now that I own it I can say without a doubt that it is of high quality . The blade is as black as midnight and came sharp enough to maim anybody who crosses you , so long as you 're outdoors where it can actually be wielded ! The blade goes all the way to the end of the handle where the chain attaches and it has four pins holing it to the handle . The protector is metal as well , though the red handle beneath the wrappings is plastic . Still , it bends very little -LRB- maybe a half inch when held sideways -RRB- and is quite sturdy . This should not be a gift for a minor or anybody dumb enough to try using it because it CAN hurt somebody .
 this is an awesome buy for anime fans or collectors . I am a huge fan of Bleach and this replica is fantastic and functional full tang samurai sword true to the series from which it was created . I was extremely satisfied with the seller and how quickly my purchase was shipped and recieved , the item description was accurate and the quality is good thank you .
 this is a huge sword i 'm 6 ' 2 '' and i have a crazy arm span so its no trouble removing it from the saya overall great buy and if ur a big bleach fan u should get the urahara swod for like 37 dollars its a good buy to
 the sword was way more than I expected , it 's 5 ' 6 feet long . made from steal . the sword is one pice of metal , and it 's quite havey you have troble holding it with one hand.I recomend it to any one how is fan of either Bleach or sowrd .
 All around good sword . The only complaint I have is about the giant crack in the sheathe . The crack looks like someone grabbed the sheathe then tried to break it over their leg but was unsuccessful in the attempt . The blade itself was not damaged so its all good .
 it is great . it came faster than normal . the only problem is the sheathe . it came messed up .
 this sword is huge , it has only one draw back though ... because it is huge , if you turn the blade sideways it gets all wobbly .
 I Knew When I Bought This Sword I Was Buying A Novelty . This Is Just What It Is . It Stands Leaning Against A Wall For Conversation Fun . It Is Way To Long And HEAVY , To Even Be Remotely Considered As A Weapon To Be Used In A Defensive Scenario . Granted , It Could Cause Damage If Thrusted Or Swung At Someone ... But I Would Not Advise Grabbing This In A Situation . You Would Do Better With A Pocket Knife ... Tactically Speaking Of Course . So When I Read Some Comments/Reviews About How &#34; Its Not Real &#34; Or Blah Blah Blah ... I Have To Laugh . So , If You Want A Novelty To Compliment Your More Serious Katanas , Go Ahead ... Buy It , Its a Fun Sword To Get A Kick Out Of . Every Time I Look Across The Room At This Monster Leaning Against The Wall I Smile And Shake My Head . Silly ... But Fun . For A Functional Katana ... United Black Series . Affordable ... And VERY Functional .
 The only reason it got 4 stars is becasue of the oil/wax that covers the blade . The oil residue comes from the inside of the sheath .
 My katana I received was amazing . Just as it said sharp , can cut anything , full tang construction and a great item to have . I was satisfied with all the reviews and this sword was just worth it . The blade arrived in good shipping time for free , perfect condition full tang construction , bloodgroove perfect and ts great for a cutting weapon although i dont reccomend it . its a great piece to have and im glad that i bought this , KUDOS TO YOU AMAZON
 There is not much I can say that others have n't already said ? My sword came sooner then anticipated and the sword came in a box with plenty of packaging around it . This is an incredible Carbon Steel Sword ! If you are a fan of Bleach and/or are looking for a Large blade , then you ca n't beat this one for durability and cost ! Great addition to my collection !
 This sword is durable , pretty and the chain makes it look very high end . This sword actually cut into the rukia sword I bought . The black paint chips off , and it 's pretty dull , but the tip is so sharp someone can easily get stabbed . Also , it 's very heavy , so be careful !
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 I 've bought OnGuard products in the past and they have yet to come close to disappointing me in their descriptions , and those were for $ 2,000 + scooters . This has not either , I have all my confidence in OnGuard products . I just bought what I consider to be a pricey bicycle and wanted to protect it , no matter what . I had no concern for weight or size , and this is important if you do , because this lock may be large and heavy for some , but I do n't have any problem with that.This lock was the competition to a model of a traditionally more expensive brand , being compared to the Kryp * NY LS in stature and dimensions , rated at 4 '' x 10.25 '' . I just measured this thing , and these are inside dimensions for those wondering , and it is 4.3 '' x 10.25 '' on the inside . So they do match posted on Amazon here . Same 16mm thickness for the U steel . Heavy at 4.8 lbs . Nice thick rubber coating around that 16mm of steel , which I must say has been hardened to the point where I seriously strained to find any flex whatsoever with the lock removed -LRB- entire bottom section detaches on unlock for those who are n't familiar -RRB- . Good luck with any cutting tools on this.I , fortunately , have not had the experience of an attempt at this lock to convey here , and really I hope you never do either . But this lock has impressed me , I feel my bike is as safe as it can be with it secured with this lock.Final notes
 This product is what it says , OnGuard Brute , as it is very heavy but made strong and is on guard for any those thieves thinking about cutting it , which they ca n't . I looked up this product before I bought it , and the reviews were high and was rated as the second most trustworthiness bike lock one can own.Since it is very heavy , I wish it would have came with a holder to put on your bike as it is very difficult to be carrying around all the time . If you want a u-lock to protect your valuables , this lock is for you . If you do n't believe me in this review , look up the product yourself and read the reviews yourself .
 First of all , if you do not want to carry a 4.5 lb . -LRB- 2 kilos -RRB- lock around , get something else . This lock is , as its name says , a brute . I bought this to lock my bike to my Yakima bike rack for when I am traveling or stopped , especially in a city . I use a cable lock when riding around my town , but would use the Brute LS 5000 if I were to be peddling around , for example , San Francisco . As noted in another review , this lock is best , IMO , carried in your backpack , if you 're going to use it while riding around . It weighs about 1/4 of what my bike weighs !! So , I use it only when I am in a area where heightened security seems to be appropriate.The lock comes with five -LRB- 5 -RRB- keys , all of which work quite nicely and are of substantial strength to never -LRB- never ? -RRB- break off inside the lock . This allows me to keep
 Product seems rugged and reliable . I am pleased with the quality . I am pleased with the type of keying it has . I have no way to test its anti-theft capabilities because no one has tried to break it , and no one has tried to steal my bike as of now . The lock seems like an excellent lock . Hopefully its presence will act as a theft deterrent . Hopefully no one will try to steal my bike because the lock makes it seem too hard to steal my bike . Amazon did good on delivery . The lock is as described . Lock looks different then the photo as I recall the photo , but that is not a problem for me . No bad surprises using Amazon . I am pleased with this purchase in every way possible . I am pleased with Amazon in every way possible regarding this purchase .
 I bought this one because i read that the extra length allows it to lock up a motorcycle . im glad that i bought it , because i would have certainly needed that extra length . so far so good , no theft , and i hope i can keep saying that !
 I use this lock for my goped electric scooter and I think it fits the bill . Not too heavy yet solid as a rock . Worth the money . Buy it !
 This is a fantastic lock . It 's very heavy duty and small enough to still fit into a Camelbak pack . Thanks !
 This lock is great value for a secure lock.It is not the same as the one pictured on Amazon - it has an entirely cylindrical base , not the flattened one depicted.Icons on the packaging indicate that this lock is suitable for use on motorbike and motorscooter rather than a cycle , which perhaps explains the lack of bike frame fixing accessory . It is rated -LRB- by the manufacturer -RRB- with a security rating of ***** + , but I 'm not sure what the scale goes up to.Cyclists may consider getting the shorter shank -LRB- and thus slightly lighter -RRB- STD version that I believe comes with a bracket.Comes with 5 keys -LRB- one with a led light -RRB- which are a bit bulky but can trimmed down , and more keys are available free -LRB- if you register -RRB- . Anti Theft insurance -LRB- $ 1000/400UKP/250Euro -RRB- for $ 5/year for Power sport only - not sure what that means but it doesnt sound like cycles are covered .
 The title to this review says it all . It 's a bit heavy so when riding you may need to keep it in a backpack or something . Other than that , it 's a really good lock .
 This is by far the best lock I have put on my Bike or electric scooter . I use to wonder if my bike or scooter would still be there when I got back but with this lock ... no proglemo . I live in NYC so it better be good . I drive less now since I started using this MONSTER LOCK ! Be warn , it 's a bit heavy -LRB- 4lbs -RRB- but if someone does mess with you then it doubles as a self defense device !!!
 My $ 500 bike just got stolen with this -LRB- and another -RRB- lock on it . You may be wondering why it got 5 stars . Because they ripped the lock clean through the metal bike rack it was locked to , and I 'm assuming the lock is still on the bike . I guess you ca n't ask for much more on the lock end . I 'm pretty pissed at the apartment complex for the crappy racks , though .
 After getting a bike stolen , I started looking for some decent U-locks . Since I sometimes lock up two mountain bikes at a time , I needed one with a long shackle . The two best on the market are the Kryptonite New York LS , and the OnGuard Brute LS . The Brute is considerably cheaper , so I decided on the Brute.As other reviewers have noted , the new , improved version I received differs from the photos on Amazon . I also noticed that the packaging markets this lock to motorcycle/scooter users , not to bicycle users . As a result , no bicycle frame mount was included . I 've read reports of OnGuard 's bike mount being flimsy and quickly breaking , so the lack of their mount is no big loss . I have a few TwoFish LockBlocks and BikeBlocks that I can use instead , and they are very durable solid rubber mounts.OnGuard sure likes to give you plenty of extra keys . There is one rather large lighted key and four spares . The lighted key seems more of a gimmick , so I just carry one of the smaller spares on my keyring . Even that was a bit bulky so I cut the key 's head down to a small arrowhead shape , following the molded lines in the plastic . Even if you somehow lose all five keys , you 're still not out of luck . If you register the lock with OnGuard , you can always order more keys in the future.The anti-theft insurance offer sounds like a good idea , but if you read all the fine print you 'll discover there are enough loopholes to get OnGuard out of paying for most anything . No matter , I did n't buy it for its insurance policy , I bought it for its theft deterrence ability.The lock itself is very hefty , weighing over five pounds . The shackle is 16.8 mm thick , slightly better than the old version 's -LRB- and Krypto 's NY-LS -RRB- 16mm shackle . I had an old KryptoSTD lock and I could slightly bend the shackle because it was not hardened steel . I could not bend the Brute 's hardened shackle AT ALL . Anyone who tries to cut this with a hacksaw or bolt cutters would get exhausted and give up . It may not stop a determined thief with an angle grinder -LRB- no lock can -RRB- , but it will at least put up a good fight .
 First off - as others have mentioned , the picture is wrong ; it looks like all the other modern OnGuard locks.Anyway
 First thing I noticed was the Amazon picture of the Brute 5000 model is n't right ; it really looks like a longer version of the 5001 STD model . It has the rotating dust key cover which is handy to keep out rain and dust from the keyhole . The parts fit like it 's well-made . It has the four bolt lock with the M-key cylinder with the Bump-Blok feature to protect against physical attacks . The long shackle is good for on large pipe bike racks . No mounting bracket was included . The anti-theft program coverage of $ 1251 comes with a catch
 Big lock , heavy duty but also very heavy . Have mine bungeed to my rear rack wouldnt want to carry it on my person.Long enough to lock two bikes together gave you plenty of keys .
 If you can get through this lock , you earned my bike . Of course , for that level of effort , you could probably earn the money to buy a similar bike , plus one of these reasonably priced locks . I 'm not worried .
 - Picked up the box so elegantly placed on my doorstep by FedEx and first noticed the hefty weight to the box . Then I remembered I have n't been to the gym lately . But then everyone else says it 's heavy so that made me feel better.-I did a genuine ` lol ' when I took this bad-mama-jama out of the box . Laughing to myself as I clipped it free from it 's cardboard display ... I certainly have an intimidating lock here . I started wondering if I even needed it to actually work ; the looks alone would be enough I imagined to make would-be bike thieves say `` the heck with that '' Or maybe just think I 've mistakenly grabbed the lock for my brief-case full of cash . -LRB- which I do n't have -RRB- This thing is just the tops though . I ca n't wait to have someone just try to steal the bike . I 'll be more concerned with what I lock my bike to , than what might happen to the lock itself ! - I did lube this monster up with some bike chain lube as I thought it was more fitting than wd-40 that would dry up faster than some quality chain lube . Turned the key a bunch of times to really work it in , and I feel it works very smoothly as far as locking and unlocking goes.-And a side note , I think they updated the picture as people were saying it did n't match . The packaging stated `` Brute LS 5000 '' so I know I got the right one , and it looks exactly like the picture . . although it does n't do the lock justice , it looks ruthlessly over the top in person .
 I love this lock . Sure its a bit heavier than others , but its a whole lot stronger than any lock I 've ever owned . Overall it is very well built . It comes with plenty of extra keys . It also has a nice rubber coating so you do n't scratch your bike . Best of all , it is very long so I have no problem locking up my front wheel , my frame , and my back wheel to a 4 '' diameter pole outside of my work.I read that this was an overkill but I have seen many chain and cable locks cut with bolt cutters . I use my bike to commute to work in center city Philly so it is important to me that it be there when I get off work . So far I have no complaints .
 -LRB- not a typo -RRB- ... if David was pelting the giant with a barrage of rocks . But more on that later.This is a solid lock . Example
 For the price these are excellent . I have used them for the last month riding to/from work -LRB- 20 miles/day -RRB- , and they have never fallen off or given me trouble of any sort . For my bike -LRB- Surly Long Haul Trucker -RRB- they easily fit on the rack without my feet coming close.Positives : - Excellent clamping mechanism to rack , have had no issues . - Lots of space . - Outer pocket -LRB- ones with zipper -RRB- seem fairly water-resistant . - Very lightweight yet sturdy . - Good priceNegatives : - Do n't expect the large compartments to be water proof . They have drawstring flaps , but I think water can get in through the bottom . They are fairly resistant to light rains , but put valuable electronics in plastic bags if it starts to downpour . - Each have two outside pockets with velcro flaps . I do n't store much in them -LRB- because they do n't secure -RRB- , and I lost a spare tube that was in one . I would n't trust these for anything more valuable than a candy bar.The negatives are not bad enough to deserve a star taken away -LRB- as waterproofness was not advertised in the first place -RRB- , so I give them 5 stars for the price and the high quality .
 Very legit bike lock . I live in a bigger city and definitely need the best protection for my bike . I did n't want to splurge on an expensive kryptonite lock and went with this one instead . It 's very solid and I 'm satisfied with it . It 's a little bigger than I thought it would be , but that 's fine with me given how well it works .
 This lock is quite heavy . I already carry a backpack while riding a bike and I have to put this thing in my backpack , which feels like another 20 pounds added to my weight . Overall , this lock is very secure.Some of the things to for the company to modify or add on in the future :1 -RRB- some sort of padding for the inner side of the lock so i can attach it to my bike while riding it without make any dents or scratches to my bike .2 -RRB- provide a cheap bag to put the lock in and attach it to my bike so i do n't have to carry the damn thing in my backpack while riding it.Also , my friend bought this lock 1.5 years ago and he said they also provided an extra cable to lock the front wheel . Usually this lock is to lock the bike frame , rear wheel , and rack together . The extra cable was to wrap it around the front wheel and secure it along to the U Lock . Somehow , the company have gone cheap on this , and I did not receive the cable with the U Lock that my friend did over a year ago.Overall , i bought this lock for the security it pertains based on all the reviews i read , and it worked great .
 The 16mm really makes this thing like a tank . The way this thing locks inside is with 2 bolts on both sides -LRB- see pic -RRB- . The U itself is very sturdy . I tried bending it but does n't move . A nice feature is that the silver part can twist to cover the key hole . One thing i believe though is that the locking mechanism is sensitive to dust/debris , which was why some of the reviewers had theirs stuck . On the key tags , it even says to clean and lubricate regularly with a lubricant such as wd-40 . Of course this is with the laser cut keys being so thin . Thats why they give you 5 . haha.Another thing , when you unlock the lock , you ca n't pull out the key until you 've lock it back . A way to make sure you 've locked your bike i guess.And to make sure you know what you are buying , this lock does not come with a bike mount . You 'll have to buy one / make your own , which is kind of a bummer.If you search youtube for bicycle u lock mount , there 's a vid of a homemade one . I made one out of it too : -RRB-
 So my husband and I ordered two of these , one for each of our bikes . They came , and well one of them had no packaging on it at all . It looked like it had been a return or something , because the keys were thrown in the box - not attached to the lock , and there was no packaging on the one lock at all . Seemed a little strange , because the other one had original packaging and everything on it . It did n't appear to be used - no scratches , marks etc. . They did come in time , and were packaged so that they could n't be damaged.However , since everything seemed to be included , we decided to use it , and so far , so good . We combine this lock with a cable lock on our bikes , and then intertwine both bikes and the 4 locks together , and hopefully it will continue to deter thieves.I would recommend , but am a little weirded out that one did n't come in packaging ...
 It is built like a tank and almost as heavy . Orginally , this lock was used to keep uninvited guests out of a community pool . It performed flawlessly in that function , but since it is no longer needed for that , I now use it when I am riding with my spouse as the shackle easily locks two bikes together -LRB- both bikes stay in a secure garage when not being ridden -RRB- . When I ride by myself -LRB- about half the time -RRB- , I use a kryptonite type combination lock that is considerably lighter , but does n't provide nearly the security of this lock , and is only about half as heavy . However , if I were to ride into an area where I intended to leave my bike for a considerable amount of time , you can be sure that this is the one I would take!As far as the heavy weight , I use a backpack that I have stuffed with thick foam rubber so the base of the lock does not rub against me or any part of the backpack itself . It 's still very noticeable , but it does the job . I could not imagine someone just putting this lock into a backpack without some type of padding.The lock comes with one lighted master key , along with four unlighted smaller keys . In addition , there is a plastic card containing a five digit code , just in case you ever need to purchase additional keys.One other plus , especially if it is to be used in inclement weather , the housing where the key is inserted can be rotated so that water is prevented from ever entering the keyhole and ultimately causing rust.This lock is very expensive , but well worth it , especially if security is paramount .
 You can feel the weight , the power , and the quality from this lock . It will take a lot of work for someone to get through this easily and I would still buy it if your bike is worth $ 20.00 because this thing will last forever . They have a great warranty and it comes with 5 keys which is a big bonus for me .
 Definitely go check this out in store before buying it . This lock is HUGE and HEAVY . But then again , it gives a lot more protection
 This product is great , but the anti-theft coverage is n't very good . If you go to their website and read the actual terms and conditions of the anti-theft guarantee , they have some terms that make the anti-theft option not quite worth it . For example , anti-theft is not valid if `` Torches , battery operated tools or power tools were used to open the lock . '' Coverage is $ 1 for the first year , $ 10 for the second year , and $ 15 for the third year . I think for most areas the lock should be fine without the anti-theft protection.Unlike other reviews I 've read about some other OnGuard locks , the keys are actually pretty well made . I 'm glad I made this purchase !
 I bought this unit for its extra strength -LRB- advertised anyway -RRB- , and lower price vs. the competition . I ride a nice bike and need to keep it safe on a college campus in Cambridge , so i need a lock that will hold up to some abuse should someone try to steal it . So far it has functioned perfectly , locking and unlocking are both easy . I 'm able to lock the bike and both wheels to a post -- it 's big enough for that . It 's heavy , yes , but i put it in my knapsack which is already heavy and it works out fine .
 the U bar is Very strong , but as others say the casing is plastic . I dropped mine a few times and it cracked at the end , but the lock tumbler and lock mechanics all work perfectly .
 The OnGuard 5000 LS is one of the more well known high quality locks out there . With a 4.37 '' x 10.24 '' shackle , it is versatile enough to lock the rear wheel and frame to a rack or post -- as long as you can pull the bike up alongside the rack or post . The lock is not long enough to work with many older style bike racks -- you know , the multi bike ones designed to roll the front or rear wheel through a small opening . The large size is great for locking the bike to another object . It is not , however , the best option for locking just the wheel to the frame.The foremost demerit of this lock is weight . It 's heavy as heck , which is n't surprising for a 16mm thick steel shackle . This presents unique challenges for transporting the lock , though . If you have a rear rack , you can bungee it to the rack no problem . The coated shackle does n't rattle around much at all with a tight bungee , in part because the locking bar is so frigging , ridiculously heavy . If you do choose to strap the bar to a rack , make sure it 's a high quality rack . You do n't want to bend it with the lock.Aside from strapping the thing to your rack -LRB- bungees and/or straps are not included -RRB- , your options are crazy limited . Due to the lock 's size , you wo n't be fitting it into anything short of a full size backpack . My lock , ordered from Amazon , did n't even include a frame mount , either . Not that it matters . Did I mention this lock is stupid heavy ? It would tear through a rack mount in no time flat.For me , the lock bungeed onto my rear cargo rack works wonderfully . It plus the rack plus a bag all move to make the back of the bike crazy heavy , and the change in weight distribution will affect your riding , as it shifts the bike 's center of gravity significantly . -LRB- Yep . The lock is heavy . -RRB- If you do choose to bungee the lock to a rack like I do , make sure the locking bar is at the seat end of the rack . This will help a bit with keeping the center of gravity where it is supposed to be.With my Topeak Explorer rack , I use 25 '' bungees , and they 're not perfect . With a Topeak MX bag mounted on the rack , I can secure the lock on top of the bag with the 25 '' bungees , though they 're just a tad too short . This compresses the bag slightly , which worries me because my bag has molded side panels . Still , 25 '' bungees are far too long for securing the lock straight on the rack , without the bag.Now , about the lock
 A great lock for less than Kryptonite 's comparable lock . It is long and wide enough to lock in two bikes around a post -LRB- I got it for my wife and I when we ride together -RRB- , but not too wide or long for a leverage attack by potential thieves . The lock mechanism is fluid and it operates easily . It is well built though quite heavy , so that should be considered in your decision .
 Yeah , it 's heavy , definitely a clunker . I agree that it 's too unwieldy to attach to the frame while riding , but not because it 's too heavy - because it 's big , long , and in the way ! But it 's no problem to transport it if you have a backpack or saddlebags , etc. , to stash it in . -LRB- I carry it in my backpack , and do n't really feel the extra weight . -RRB- I love the long length -LRB- be aware that this model has the longer U , and is not the `` standard '' - length one ! -RRB- , because it fits around objects other than bike racks , which makes it totally worth it to me . I 'll say that my keys sometimes do stick a little bit , but it has n't actually malfunctioned yet . As long as it prevents my bike from getting stolen , I am happy with it !! Supposed to be a really solid lock .
 I bought the brute because I just purchased a $ 725 Marin Bike . I got peace of mind with the Brute . It 's extra long shrank makes it easy to lock up parking meters and any bike rack . The downside is the weight . It can be used a hand weight for exercising . all and all it worth it .
 I purchased this u-lock to park my bike at the train station and it works great . I use it exactly as described in the user guide and it 's so strong that I leave my bike all day long there without worries . I did n't buy this lock to be carrying it around though , as it is kind of heavy -LRB- weights 4.52 lb -RRB- so I leave it locked to the bike rack overnight and I always carry on the bike a Kryptonite Coil Cable Bike Lock for short trips to the super market , etc. . Using the locking technique described in the OnGuard user 's guide , the measures of this lock are just right to lock the bike to a standard bike rack however , there are alternative ways to lock the bike to the rack depending on what you are locking it to . As a general rule you should use a good u-lock to lock the back wheel and the frame to a rack and a lock cable to lock the front wheel to the rack and the frame . For what I read on the user reviews for other u-locks -LRB- i.e. Bell u-lock -RRB- it 's much more effective to have one single strong u-lock than 3 weak cheap u-locks .
 It does n't look like this , and that 's a good thing -LRB- that part sticking out could be vulnerable -RRB- . It 's better , it 's symmetrical with no protrusions , and even has this little rotating key hole guard ring -LRB- which seems to be of limited usefulness for me -RRB- . I figured I 'd go with something tougher than most of the other locks I see around here , and yeah , this is.The locking mechanism is fine ... you just have to be absolutely certain you have the key in all the way . Also , lubricate it before you use it.The only complaint I have is one I knew I 'd have before I bought it . It DOES weigh about 5 pounds , and it is a bitch to find someplace to hang the thing -LRB- particularly with a full suspension -RRB- . My solution was to use hose clamps to affix a piece of PVC pipe to the side of the frame . In between the pipe and the frame I used some cloth as a shim so that the lock has some clearance so that it is n't a pain in the ass to get it back on when it 's in my makeshift bracket.It 's ugly , but it works , and I do n't think I 'll have anyone trying to steal my bike again , even though I park in one of the worst areas for bike theft -LRB- the University -RRB- in one of the worst cities for bike theft -LRB- Tucson -RRB- . Oh , and I ordered the long version -LRB- this one -RRB- by mistake . I do not regret that mistake , the extra length has come in handy .
 i see bikes with stolen wheels ALL THE TIME . this lock and a chain is all i need and no one has touched my bike . this think is a great deterrent , it 's easy to use and it 's sturdy . it will be around and still working when i 'm long gone . it also has a proprietary key system that defies picking by a kid with a hairpin .
 I rated it positive as I really do n't know how good this is . I ordered this for someone so I 'm not using it . It appears to be fine .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 Kind of cheap manufacture but what can you expect for the price ? It looks o.k. enough -LRB- as long as you do n't look too closely ... -RRB-
 My father-in-law has been using his Gazelle daily for several years , so I already knew that they are durable machines . My only doubt was about the quality of the workout because there is little or no built-in resistance , but I am a beleiver now . This machine will raise your heart rate almost immediately and gives you a thorough aerobic workout in both your upper and lower body . I tried out at an expensive elliptical at a local equipment dealer , but I am really glad that I did not buy it . This machice gives a more diversified workout for about one tenth of the price . I am very happy with my Gazelle . Buy one !
 I bought the Crosstrainer Pro after researching similar machines for over a week . I ordered one from Amazon and have been using it for a week now.The machine is relatively easy to assemble but it does require two people . The only tools needed are spanners -LRB- included -RRB- and a Philips screwdriver . The quality of assembly instructions is good but leaves some details out . A more comprehensive and readable set of instructions would have been welcome . Additionally , the plastic `` stride limiter '' covers -LRB- cosmetic use only -RRB- fit poorly on my unit and the instrument panel just did n't fit in the base . These are irritating and avoidable negatives and cost the machine 1 star of the possible 5 . The actual working of the machine is something else though . It is very intuitive , easy to use , and well built . Any workout can be made as intensive as you want it to be and the Crosstrainer Pro obliges accordingly . As others have pointed out , the position of the arms , legs , and tilting of the upper body allows the user to focus on varying cardiac intensities and workouts . I have used fancier and more complex machines elsewhere and this model compares well with most of them . Excellent value for money and a great investment if you are planning on getting an easy-to-use and effective cardiac machine.Finally , a note about the squeaking . This model , like other models from this company , suffers from a variety of squeaking sounds . I plan on using WD-40 -LRB- as others have advised -RRB- to reduce some of this unwelcome noise . There are other alternatives - you could use your IPod to drown out the noise -LRB- as I do currently -RRB- or you could even tailor a workout to match the squeaks ; -RRB- Overall , this product gets the following points - AssemblyAssembly - 3.5 / 5 -LRB- because of the messy digital instrument setup and tacky stride limiter cover -RRB- . Assembly documentation - 3/5 -LRB- when will companies ever learn to create good documentation ? -RRB- Parts - 4.5 / 5ExtrasDVDs - 5/5Personal training hotline - 5/5 -LRB- they request a 2-day wating period for answers though -RRB- Machine DetailsQuality of materials/construction - 5/5Quality of workout - 5/5Resistance - 4/5Ease of use - 5/5Digital panel - 1/5 -LRB- The pulse reader works on my unit but little else . Does n't matter in my case anyway as I keep my own log each day . -RRB- Summary - A great buy if you can ignore minor glitches like the instructions , digital panel setup , and the squeaking . If I had to buy this machine again , I would do so unhesitatingly . I would still complain about the glitches though .
 I BOUGHT THIS MACHINE BECAUSE I COULD NOT AFFORD THE MORE EXPENSIVE ELIPTICALS . I WAS IMPRESSED BY HOW SOLID THE MACHINE IS . IT TOOK A WHILE TO PUT TOGETHER BUT THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE GOOD . I GOT FREE SHIPPING WHICH IS WORTH IT RIGHT THERE , PLUS NO TAX . IT DOES N'T SAY IT IN THE DESCRIPTION , BUT IT CAME WITH 4 DVD 'S THAT SHOW YOU HOW TO USE IT CORRECTLY , AND SEVERAL WORKOUTS , ALSO CAME WITH A WATER BOTTLE.I HAVE USED IT FOR ABOUT A WEEK NOW AND I THINK IT IS FUN . I WORKED UP A SWEAT ON THIS TOO . A LOT OF THIS WORKOUT HAS TO DO WITH WHAT YOU PUT INTO IT . YOU NEED TO REALLY MOVE WITH THE MUSIC AND TRY TO MOVE YOUR SHOULDERS AND UPPER BODY AS YOU STRIDE.SOME PEOPLE HAVE SAID THIS WAS A CHEAP MACHINE AND FLIMSY . I THINK FOR THE MONEY THOUGH IT WAS WORTH IT . ALSO , IF YOU CAN STICK WITH A ROUTINE ON THIS MACHINE , THEN IT WOULD BE BETTER TO GET A BETTER ONE AFTER THIS ONE WEARS OUT . MOST PEOPLE BUY A REALLY EXPENSIVE MACHINE AND THEN USE IT FOR A WEEK OR TWO AND IT SITS . CHEAP OR NOT , IF YOU USE THIS MACHINE ADN STICK WITH IT , YOU WILL LOSE WEIGHT .
 I 've had this machine for about three weeks and the best thing about it is that it is fun to use . I have n't had any trouble getting on it at least every other day . As long as you 're consistent in your approach , you 'll break a good sweat and your muscles will feel it , especially with the resistance cylinders . It is also quiet , easy on your joints , and relatively easy to move around . The DVDs are n't that annoying -LRB- not much shouting -RRB- , although they have their cheesy moments.The assembly takes some effort . One of the resistance cylinders came pre-installed backwards -LRB- the sticker on the cylinder should not face upward -RRB- , so it would n't snap on the rod , but it was easy enough to take it off and put it on correctly . The gazelle crosstrainer squeaked at first , but stopped once we added plenty of lubrication to the central axle and WD-40 to the cables . These are some small details that do n't detract from the overall value of this product .
 I did a lot of web review searching before I bought this product . The reviews here on Amazon were really helpful . The lower end Gazelle models were cheaper -LRB- sometimes -RRB- but not nearly as heavy duty . They appear to constructed more like heavy ironing boards . You can get really confused researching the Gazelle models because they have so many names for similar models.I am very out of shape and weigh 250 pounds . The Crosstrainer Pro not only holds up well under me , but the rear cable for the footbeds has a built-in `` rubber '' spring at the top of the cable that absorbs impact . You can fold it up easily to store , but it takes up so little room I leave it set up.Some folks here have complained about the difficulty is putting it together , but it only took me about 30 minutes . The basic cheapo but functional tools for assembly were supplied with the machine -LRB- new -RRB- If you get one used , you probably have the common household wrenches and screwdrivers to put one together.I did not think about my width being a problem , but my hips are 48 '' around and lightly touch the top rear frame supports when I use it . Someone larger may be rubbed uncomfortably or lightly bruised by this contact.The one thing I have a problem with is the hand grips . They are attached to the top of the foot bars , so one 's grip is only as wide as the foot bars , which is not very wide . This feels really narrow to me . I would prefer that the handgrips are independent of the footbeds . I had a high quality `` skier '' once that had hand grips wider than the foot bars , and they were independent of the foot movement . It felt a lot more natural . Of course , this `` skier '' was over $ 500 and ended up being a clothes rack ... < g > I DO use the Gazelle.There are only two levels of resistance from the machine itself - with or without attaching the resistance pistons . However , much of the variety in `` training '' comes from the way you hold your body while using the machine . You can lean forward or backward , hold the hand grips high or low -LRB- or not at all -RRB- , or even use it `` backward '' without the hand grips . This is all well-demonstrated in the DVDs that came with it.The Pro does have its share of squeaks at some of the connections , but with WD-40 or a silicone based lubricant , they are not bad . I play loud music when I exercise anyway , so I do n't notice the light squeaks.IMHO , this is not a machine for someone already in really good shape . Even with the included optional resistance pistons , It just will probably not be enough for you folks who are already pretty fit.However , for those of us who are just trying to get back in basic shape , I think this is a good place to start . The price was right . The $ 150 package I bought through Amazon for a new machine also included 3 DVDs and two exercise and nutrition booklets . I have seen this product for over $ 300 in stores , less on E-Bay but without the DVDs -LRB- or astronomical shipping -RRB- so I feel I got a bargain . I do n't need -LRB- and ca n't afford and wo n't use -RRB- $ 600 elliptical machines with 12 different programs that take up the whole living room and half the kitchen ... There was , apparently , a recall on the resistance pistons on some of the Gazelle machines that were manufactured a couple of years ago . You may wish to check out used machines for this recall . I 'm so out of shape it will probably be years before I even hook up the resistance pistons on my machine . < g >
 The machine was easy to assemble , although one minor part was broken . -LRB- It 's not really necessary . -RRB- It also comes with 4 or 5 DVDs to workout with . Being someone who is completely out of shape , I was feeling it quickly with this machine . It forces you to move your limbs . I have built my way up to about 8-10 minutes without giving out , compared to a 30-minute walk around the block . I am completely worn out when I get off this machine ! It does n't look cheap , and is a far better value than the pricier ellipticals . And it folds up if you need to move it out of your way . The wheels on the back do n't move when you are on the machine , but allow for easy moving of the machine when you need to .
 Fairly easy to assemble . A bit confusing when 1st out of the box , but once you get going it becomes clear . Unit does not look or feel cheap . If I were at a friends and saw it I would be suprised that it was only $ 150 . Computer seems to work fine for me . Had to play with the magnets a bit before it seemed to work correctly . It was really sqeeky at 1st , but as other reviewers had said , just hit it with some WD-40 and it becomes wisper quiet.As far as work out quality goes , I highly recommend checking out Tony 's video that comes with it -LRB- plus 3 others -RRB- . I thought I would never bother to look at the dvd , but figured why not . He does show you some techniques you can use to hit various body muscle groups . I found that my work out is a bit more intense when watching the video cause I try to keep pace with Tony . He is very annoying in his commercials and infomercials , but he tones it down in the work out videos and is good at motivating.I am very pleased with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking for some home cardio equipment.Update
 If you 're in the market for a Gazelle , it 's hard to beat the value of the Crosstrainer Pro . It 's virtually the same thing as the Gazelle Freestyle but sells for about $ 50 less . It 's a fun machine to use , and the workout can be as varied and/or intense as you want it to be simply by making slight adjustments in the way that you use it . You can lean a little more forward to concentrate on the upper body , squat down while using it to concentrate on the buttocks , etc. . The videos that come with it give you some great exercise ideas and you can tweak them or makeup your own variations to maximize your benefit . As others have mentioned , you may need to add some lubrication to the axle tube and cables to quiet the inevitable squeaking .
 I have been using this machine for 3 weeks now and I am extremely happy with the low impact cardiovascular workout . Because it is low impact I can use it every day and not worry about the strain to my joints or feet . The resistance is very good , I feel like my upper body and lower body are both being worked out equally . I feel like my body is overall becoming much stronger including my back .
 The Gazelle Crosstrainer Pro is a great machine to work out on . I received it promptly and it was not difficult to put together .
 I 've had this machine for a few weeks now and just love it ! My knees are in terrible shape so I needed something that would not put any impact on them . The Gazelle Crosstrainer Pro is IT !! This machine kicks your butt even without the resistance tubes connected . My monitor works just fine - you just hold the button down to reset your values back to zero . The videos are fun and Tony is a great motivator . I do n't like his infomercials but he is AWESOME on the videos !! The machine itself is very well built and does n't look cheap at all !!
 Pros
 The subject of this review says it all.It took two people about 1 hour to put it all together ... It works perfectly , comes with 4 of Tony 's DVD 's and does exactly what it should . It is a good starter model and for $ 200 you can not go wrong .
 I ordered this online 2 days ago and it came to my door today . And I used the regular shipping . Oh and what a breeze to set up and start . Amazing . I 'm buying another today for my inlaws .
 My wife and I purchased this for an at home cardio workout machine . The assembly took about and 45 minutes to complete , and we are very pleased with the machine . The resistance that it comes with is good enough to get your heart rate moving , but do n't expect this machine to perform like a high end gym eliptical . This machine is good for people that want to lose some weight via a good beginner-intermediate cardio workout . Advanced users probably will not have alot of use for this machine .
 I am really enjoying my Gazelle Crosstrainer Pro . My husband put it together and according to him it was easy . I used to go to the gym about three or four times a week and use one of their ellipticals but now I simply use my gazelle for a nice 40-45 minute workout . I find that it is just as great of a workout on my gazelle as it is on an elliptical at the gym . I really do feel it after I am done . It is also fun to do with the videos because Tony Little gives you a lot of ideas for variety . My husband has also used it and he likes it a lot too . I 've only had it for about three weeks , but so far so good ! Nice job Tony Little !
 I am extremely happy with the Gazelle Crosstrainer . The workout is really fun , low impact , but I could immediately feel the results of the workout even before I started using the resistance pistons . Although I do multiple workout programs , I am really happy that I have the Gazelle to suplement my routine . I love using it on the days that I am doing my free-weight workouts ; the added cardio gives a great boost to my day.It was very easy to put together , but the bars had some scuffs on them - I guess from the packing process . It had a minor squeek that seemed to come from one of the cables . It disappeared by the 3rd time I used it without any oil or adjustments . I have used treadmills and eliptical machines at the gym but I feel that I get a better overall workout on the Gazelle since I can change my movements to use different muscles . I definitely recommend this product .
 Worth the price ; and does make you comfortable after you purchase . Even though I spent 25-20 mts to asseble it ; after that its all cool . The only item that I didnt like in the system is the mini computer ; which is not that accurate
 This is a great piece of exercise equiptment . I had knee surgury a year ago and this is great , low impact and smooth , but a great workout . It was fairly easy to put together and is great because it folds up to store . There were a couple of tiny plastic cosmetic pieces that broke right away , but they are n't important or noticeable . I would recommend this product to anyone . I found it cheaper here than any where else I looked by quit a bit .
 I you are keeping a new year 's resolution this is the machine to get . Do n't spend hundreds more for an elliptical . Get this and it will certainly give you a good workout for less than half the price . Ours gets a little squeaky after a while but I 'm sure some WD40 will take care of it .
 I lost 35 pounds on the Gazelle Freestyle before upgrading to this Crosstrainer Pro . The Crosstrainer is giving me a superior workout using the resistance.I love the Gazelle products . They are versatile , easy to use , and they do n't take up a lot of space . My only complaint about the Crosstrainer Pro is that the hydraulic cylinders tend to be a little squeaky . but that just means I turn up the TV ...
 I 've had lower back problems for years , I started out with the Gazelle freestyle and upgraded to this model for the increased resistance and could not be happier with both . The freestyle loosened and stengthened my back and I give it full credit for starting my fitness habit . I 'm now able to jog on the treadmill , workout in the gym on weights , and do just about anything I want to without lower back pain . Think it 's not enough of a workout ? Get the DVD -LRB- advanced -RRB- that goes with the freestyle , then get the Cross trainer pro and hook up the hyrdolics . It 's a great workout .
 just received my crosstrainer pro yesterday . it got here in record time , it only took 45 min . to put together and now i 'm working out . its great , especially for the price.hope it lasts a long time . believe the hype about the workout too , what a cardio blast !
 Negatives first - it arrived with one of the plastic limiter cover pieces shattered throughout the box . Amazon quickly rectified this to my satisfaction . The machine itself is another well designed and manufactured product , though not as robust as the Gazelle Power Plus , but half the price . It 's sleek and easily moved , and offers a more-than-adequate cardio workout . However , the piston does n't provide a great deal of resisitance so I do n't anticipate building muscle . As I said , it 's a sleek , well manufactured machine perfect for providing an excellent cardio and muscle-toning workout in the comfort of home . If you 're looking for a more rigorous workout , choose the Power Plus .
 As a former but out-of-shape competitive athlete , I needed a piece of equipment that would keep me interested , be cost effective and provide a great workout . This machine provides all of it . I was amazed at the quality for the price . It is well made and sturdy . The four DVD 's that come with it are great and offer variety . The machine is whisper quiet and relatively easy to put together although a bit time consuming . The only negative is the monitor - the instructions give no information on how to connect it to the machine itself or how to use it . It is not accurate anyway so I do n't bother to use it -LRB- could be I assembled it incorrectly without any instructions -RRB- . If the monitor worked I would rate it a 5 .
 My Cross Trainer is great , I would recommend this to beginners as well as advanced people that want low impact exercise . The only negative was one of the safety parts made from plastic was broken beyond use . I will call the company and hopefully replace the part !!!
 I ordered this , in July , and after a few headaches from amazon , A very nice CS handled my situation . It arrived and after finally putting it together ... . Definetly a 2 man job in my case , we all got on and played . I Love this!I have a bad back and walking is impossible without pain and numbness . This make excerise possible again . I have already experienced weight loss . My oldest daughter has bad knees and she can do it even with the resistors.I would recommend it .
 I have been pleased with the workout that I have gotten so far . It was great seeing all of the videos included too . Excellent value . I would recommend this to anyone who wants a very good piece of workout equipment , without having to spend a lot .
 I love my Gazelle Cross Trainer Pro . I have been looking for an exercise machine for awhile now , but they 're all really expensive and do n't target all the areas I needed it to , but this machine does . I was looking at HSN at the Sprintmaster , but that was over $ 200 . Then I found this which looked exactly like the Sprintmaster for a much lower price . I purchased the Cross Trainer Pro and found out that it was the exact same thing as the Sprintmaster , it just had a different name . The machine is great , and the videos are great as well . As corny as they are , they are motivating and help you get the most out of your workout . I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone . Set up was n't too bad . My boyfriend did it while I was cooking supper and it does squeak every now and then , but cooking spray stops that . Very good quality for a relatively low cost .
 The gazelle Cross Trainer Pro affords a great LOW IMPACT workout that alllows you to do a full cardiac workout as well as a slower fat burning workout if you desire , It is constructed with quality materials , and is quiet . Assembly may require more than one person , depending upon your personal skill level with understanding instructions.The cross trainer pro comes with a set of DVDs for personalized training.You are also able to monitor heart rate , calories burned , distance and time perameters .
 My Crosstrainer Pro arrived in record time to Kodiak , Alaska . Thanks Amazon . The unit was easy to assemble and all the parts were there ... none missing or broken . For the money , you 'll be hard pressed to find a better value . It 's stowable and light enough to move around . It 's also well built and sturdy . I really like it ! GaryGazelle Crosstrainer Pro
 I 'm completely satisfied with the product.the value recieved for the price was excelent . When there was a problem with the condition of the item amazon.com sent a replacement even before I had a chance to request a replacement .
 I searched a dozen stores to find this boat grade sealant in black and NOBODY had it . When I found it on line at a good price I was glad to get it . It arrived in an average amount of time -LRB- not to fast or slow -RRB- and was just as described.Thanks
 Had this watch for about 18 months . Wear it nearly every day . Very accurate time piece . Does n't show wear even though it gets banged around on my wrist . Very easy to read . Light aqua blue face color is perfect for me ... not to brash , not too soft . Face is easy to read during the day , and glows in the dark enough to see the time . Watch band closes very securely . It fold over on itself , then has an extra clasp -LRB- which is a bit stiff -RRB- to secure . Easy to put on/take off quickly . I have small wrists and hands , and the watch does not look too bulky . Update August 2011
 Nice looking ladies watch . Love the color , looks even nicer than the photo . It is a deep water watch , it took us a visit to the watch store to get directions on how to set the time . -LRB- My daughter misplaced the directions -RRB- The wheel does not pull out like a regular watch to set the time , as this will compromise the water tight seal . Read your directions carefully when setting the time . Also , the band needed 4 links to be removed in order to fit properly , this was added cost for us , because the jeweler had to do this with special tools .
 I bought this for my young adult daughter who needs a water resistant watch . This appears to be of high quality . The aquamarine color is very pretty and as shown on the picture . The only problem we are having is finding is someone who can shorten the band . One jeweler broke his tool and one damaged a link . We are still working on this .
 These socks were very comfy and cute when I first got them however they dont stay white long and they thin out after a couple of washes . However for the price they were a great buy and served their purpose . I wasnt running marathons in them and still have a few pairs that didnt go completely dingy on me . I would recommend them to others .
 Have been using the lock for the past 2 years , no issues and unlike other locks comes with a 800 anti theft warranty.Heavy yes , but so are all the other locks of similar grade.I carry my lock in my backpack , so no issues with the bracket . I found it necessary to adjust the depth stop as it was fiddly to open the or close the lock , simple adjustment needing a small allan key.Comes with cable , stops thieves stealing your front wheel , yes most bike wheels come with QR skewers.So if you value your bike , buy a lock that is rated by insurance companies and is appropriate with the value of your bike .
 After having my bike stolen in downtown Denver while using a cable lock I made the switch to a u-lock . I 've had this lock for three years and have never had a problem . I lock it up regularly at night to go to school in a high bike theft area and have even locked it up around where my last bike was stolen with no issues . It might be a little heavy , but what is 5lbs for peace of mind ? I 've not had the same issues with durability as some other reviewers either but I always carry the lock in my backpack and store my bike indoors .
 I 've owned this U-lock for about 3 weeks now and it has served me well . I 'm a college student so biking is a big thing , and luckily I have n't heard of any recent bike thefts . My ONE gripe about this product is not the lock itself , but the mounting bracket that comes with it . It 's made of plastic parts and a single threaded screw holds the actual bracket and the mounting clip together . I 'm guessing the weight of the lock and the rough path I was handling caused the mounting clip and lock to fall off ? Not really a big deal for me since I always have a bag anyway , but just a warning to people using the mounting bracket .
 overall , I am very happy with this product . However , the lock is indeed quite heavy and I feel the added security is not worth the additional weight . The security cable is a nice added feature . Although I am not unsatisffied with the product I might suggest getting a lower model instead .
 kinda on the heavy side and big but I mount it on the front fork so it worked out
 This lock has worked well for me . I do not have a fancy $ 2k bike but nonetheless I still do n't want my bike stolen . I know if someone really wants my bike , they will find a way to take it so I like to think of this as a hefty deterrent ! I know from reading other reviews that a lock this size can be pried open more easily than the smaller U-locks . However , I like this size because on my medium-large frame hybrid Giant bike , it means I can fit the lock over my frame , front wheel and most SF city bike racks . If you are unsure of what size lock to get , measure your bike ! See how thick your frame is and how far apart your front wheel is from your frame . I also like that this lock is big enough to go around less traditional mounting points like thick posts . I can even lock up two bikes with it sometimes when I 'm with a friend who forgot their lock ! The extra cable is a nice bonus too ! I use mine to loop through the bottom of my bike seat ! The keys can take a little finesse at times but overall I have had no major frustrations with them . I 'd highly recommend this lock !
 The lock is solid , as is the cable . The cable is only intended to be looped around the front rim and locked to the lock , it 's not supposed to be used to secure the bike to anything . That 's what the big honkin U-lock is for , you goofballs . So far I like it ... I still have my bike and my front wheel and I park it in downtown Oakland . The plastic bracket to mount the lock to your bike is USELESS , I chucked it and bought a rear rack , lol . I sort of agree with the other posters that it 's a tad too much lock ... it weighs a ton ... but I 'm of the mind that a thief will choose to follow the path of least resistance .
 I bought this to keep my bike -LRB- s -RRB- in my possession when going to the mall , bars , stores , etc. . There is n't much to say other then the U lock is very hardy and heavy and the cable is a good thickness as well . It is also nice that the U Lock comes with multiple keys , and the cable comes with a velcro strap to help manage it when riding.The visible combination of U Lock and cable alone is probably the best deterrent , although if put to the test it looks like they would hold up well . Almost all surfaces of both parts are rubberized so they 'll resist scratching your bike 's paint . The clasp to hang the U Lock seems somewhat iffy , but I have n't had problems yet . Overall if you want a strong U Lock with a cable to keep your front wheel or seat , this is a great combo at a pretty fair -LRB- comparatively -RRB- price .
 So far , the lock has worked flawlessly . This is my first u-lock so I ca n't compare . I did n't bother with the mounting bracket since I do n't know where it would fit with my water bottle cages . Lock is VERY heavy , shipping weight was 5 lbs . Only gripe I have with it is the cylinder , which I can pull by hand and a small 2mm gap appears between the black padded parts and the silver keyhole cover part . I 'm not sure if that 's natural or how it will hold up if someone were to go at it with tools .
 I bought this on the suggestion of a guy who worked in a bike store . This item was much cheaper on amazon , and still great quality . This is a great deal on a great and secure bike lock ...
 A very solid U-lock . I wish the U were 1 . .2 inches longer for easier lock of rear wheel and frame -LRB- used on 26 '' bikes -RRB- . Lighted key a huge plus at night .
 I purchased two bottles to seal the stiched seams on our pontoon cover . The sealer went on very easy and dried quickly . It has been over a year since I put the sealer on and it is still keeping the water out .
 These poles are great . The carbide tips grip rocks and slippery surfaces surprisingly well . The shock absorbers work very nicely , and you can tell they help with the wear and tear on my body.The monopod function is very nice . I 've gotten some great group photos with it , and I do n't have to carry a separate tripod.Get these when they go on sale .
 I 've been using these poles for nearly a year now and I 'm impressed with them . They 've held up to some rough hikes without incident , and the grips are comfortable . They adjust quickly , stay locked , and the shock absorber really helps on those tough descents . The monopod is just gravy , as is the ability to screw both poles together when you need to test depths , poke snakes , etc , but both are nice additions , even if they go unused a majority of the time . As with most of Leki 's products , this one is well worth the money and you wo n't be disappointed .
 i used this product last weekend , and thought it worked well . steve and i were able to compare our jump time to each other -- though i wish we didnt have to share the air pod . meant loaning it to him after every run . a lot of people on the mountain liked it and had never seen anything like it .
 He is always into air time ... snowboarding or skateboarding . He loves this toy .
 The Tech4O Air Pod is the newest , latest , most amazingly tight performance instrument designed for seriously sick riders who want to prove their air.Yeah , yeah . I know . U got ta have style , but there 's no flare without air.Here 's the `` techy '' stuff
 I tried out the AIR POD last weekend on my firt trip to the mountain this season . I never heard of Tech 4 O before , but they have a nice site with some other really cool watches and stuff on it . I 'm still not really sure how it works , but it is so cool . AIR POD can tell the exact second you leave the top of the kicker and measure your airtime until you land . Me and a friend of mine had a little comp to see who was going bigger off the same kicker and the most air I was able to get was 3.45 seconds . Even when we did n't totally stomp the landing or washed out a little bit , the AIR POD still recorded our air time perfectly . The strap was a lot more comfortable than I thought it would be and the light made it easy to check my air even when it started to get dark out . The last couple of seasons all I did was hit the rails and boxes , but those get old . Getting an AIR POD really makes getting air fun again . It 's gon na go with me on evey trip to the mountian just like my MP3 does now .
 I tried out the AIR POD last weekend on my first trip to the mountain this season . I never heard of Tech4O before , but they have a nice site with some other really cool watches and stuff on it . I 'm still not sure how it works , but it is so cool . AIR POD can tell the exact second you leave the top of the kicker and measure your airtime until you land . Me and a friend of mine had a little comp to see who was going bigger off the same kicker and the most air I was able to get was 3.45 seconds . Even when we did n't totally stomp the landing or washed out a little bit , the AIR POD still recorded our air time perfectly . The strap was a lot more comfortable than I thought it would be and the light made it easy to check my air even when it started to get dark . The last couple of seasons all I did was hit the rails and boxes in the park , but those got old . Getting an AIR POD really makes getting bombing the mountain for huge airs fun again . I 'm defintely gon na keep it my bag with the rest of the stuff I always bring to the mountain .
 The shirt is a Quality USA Made item . My son loves it and wishes there were more color choices . Awesome
 These socks were very comfy and cute when I first got them however they dont stay white long and they thin out after a couple of washes . However for the price they were a great buy and served their purpose . I wasnt running marathons in them and still have a few pairs that didnt go completely dingy on me . I would recommend them to others .
 The is an excellent hatchet . It is very sharp , well balanced , and easy to handle . Does n't do much for chopping larger sized wood , but for that you should have a full sized ax anyways . It handles the smaller stuff just fine .
 I bought this for my BOB -LRB- Bug Out Bag -RRB- because it had some decent reviews and it 's lightweight . As soon as I received it I wrapped the handle in para-cord and accidentally ran my finger along the blade very lightly . I have to say , this thing is razor sharp ! It probably wo n't fell any huge trees but it 's perfect for limbs and branches no bigger than your wrist . It seems to be pretty handy for chipping out pieces of larger wood to use as kindling . All in all this was a good purchase for me .
 Pros
 My six year old son wanted a civil war outifit for Christmas . I made him a Berdan Sharpshooter uniform and he has this rifle to go with it . The color was weird , kind of a green color . But , he said it was green to go along with his Sharpshooter uniform , which is green . Other than the weird color , it 's a great toy . It is just getting hard to find anything for a child to play with that has historical value .
 My son is huge on civil war stories and guns he is a precocious 11 year old . He loves this gun , it is nicely made and a great replica of the real thing . I would recommend this product
 Great gift . My son loved his gun . It was cool . It was long . It was wood -LRB- en -RRB- . It could be cocked.Notice how I 'm writing in the past tense.This gun looked pretty for about 3 weeks . It remained unbroken for 2 months . It maintained it 's usefulness almost a year . Then we got sick of gluing/duct taping the cheap wood back together , and finally threw it out.Don ' t get this gun if you 're looking for quality . Get it because it 's cool and will live about as long as the boy will love it .
 Cap gun looks and feels great.It 's got a good weight to it . Musthave the right kind of caps to work well .
 I bought this for my 12 year old son who wanted an old fasioned play gun without any bells or whistles . He loved it . He even knew it was a musket replica .
 My Grandson loves this item . We had seen something like it at Sturbridge Village and he really wanted it . We saw it on Amazon and bought it for his 7th birthday . He loves to play solider with it . Good quality and perfect for his age .
 this is a great product i am putting it in with my cap gun collection . only thing I wish they would change is the plate that says `` Civil War Musket '' it is just painted on it would be nice if it was metal and riveted on , other than that it is a great product .
 Gave this toy to our son today for Christmas . When we first tried `` firing '' the gun , the caps would not explode . There was not enough force from the hammer/firing pin . -LRB- We also purchased the pistol and had the same issue -RRB- . At first we were considering sending the toys back , and we tried some roll caps just for fun . But then we lubricated with WD-40 and kept working it until it loosened up . Now my boys are having a blast , and I 'm not sure when I 'll get my hearing back !
 I got this as part of a civil war outfit for Halloween and it worked great ! Very realistic looking and the caps make a great sound . I 'd recommend it to anyone as a stage prop , costume accessory , or interesting gift for a Civil War buff .
 This was my son 's # 1 want for Christmas . And he carries it everywhere -LRB- and would sleep with it if we let him -RRB- . The toy itself is very durable and my 9 yr old sees no wrong.My complaint is with the packaging . Even though the rifle comes in a box , there was a UPC on the stock of the gun , that caused a mark on the finish when you removed it . Also , for some reason they used a nail to attach the gun to the package . This caused a real blemish on the gun stock when we pulled it out with a hammer . As I said , my son sees no wrong - but he does n't see the clothes on the floor when I tell him to clean up his room . I just wish that for the money spent they had used product packaging that did n't permanently damage the gun.The reviews are accurate for the catagories given , but I would give it 2 stars for the packaging that damaged it .
 My son has Asperger 's , so authenticity and durability are a must . We 've been through so many plastic guns , its not even funny . I was so happy when we found this gun . The craftsmanship and details are wonderful . It 's one piece of thick wood and metal , so its made to stand up to his many realistic battle scenarios . So far , its outlasted any plastic gun he 's owned . No breaking means no tears , which means happy boy and happy parents.Just adding that after 3 years , this gun is almost like new and STILL being played with ... all the other toys from that Christmas are broken .
 We bought this for my 9 year old son who is very into the Revolutionary and Civil Wars . He was so excited when we received it ! We 've had it about 6 weeks and he uses it almost everyday with kids in the neighborhood . It has been dropped , used by many different kids and is still holding up well . We did have to oil the trigger as it started to stick but the oil fixed it immediately . The only tricky part is learning to use the roll caps with the trigger . Takes a little while but they figure it out . I would recommend this to others ans I 'm buying one as a birthday gift for my son 's friend .
 My son really loves anything that deals with the Civil War . He 's in a play at school and this was perfect ! He is so proud and loves that it even says Civil War . Thank you for the speedy shipment ! We both appreciated it !
 This is the second one of these guns I have had . This gun holds up for a long time . I like playing with my gunn when we play army .
 My son 's only complaint was that the noise made by the gun firing the caps `` was n't loud enough '' . The gun is very well made , and who knows ... maybe the caps do n't have as much umph as they used to ?
 It was almost Halloween and I needed this gun to complete my costume . I read the first review on this gun and it seemed pretty good to me . It only took two days to get here and when it did it looked like a small package and it was really light , but once I got it out it had a few loose pieces and the orange cap on the end fell off , but if you are looking for a good gun just to play with and a prop for anything , then you need to get this gun , Ethan Newton - 11 yrs . old .
 Son loves this gun . Civil War musket was a huge hit since he 's so into the Civil War video game . Well made & simple . Delivered right on time just before Christmas .
 Had it almost a month now and it 's exceeded my expectations . I was looking for a quality monopod that could double as a lightweight walking stick for long weekend trail walks with my digital camera . Easy twist height adjustment sets up fast for use as a monopod . Lightweight , but really sturdy as a walking stick . Why did n't I buy one of these long ago ?
 Bought this for my father and he loves it and always looks smart in Adidas Originals sport shirts .
 Got this for Skirmish Invasion of Normandy . Its a huge tank , and its tough , I ran through a full hopper and around 6 pods of paint with my x-7 with out running out of air , so most markers will have no issue . The only problem I had with this was , its a huge tank . It did n't fit in my normal pod pack , and I had to find one that it would actually work with , and second , its really heavy , so even if your not using a remote line this thing is going to tire you out .
 I ordered two of theese bottles together with two complete Tippmann Alpha Black Tactical sniperkits , and they arrived at my house less than a week after ordering.That might not impress you all , but it sure as `` some dark place '' impresses Me , since i live in Norway and the whole shebang had to go through the Norweigian customsoffice.Awesome service , I recomend Ultimate Paintball to everyone i meet !
 No problems with this tank so far . No leaks and gauge is fairly accurate.Shots are consistent even at low outside temperatures . I 'd buy another one .
 The tank is big and heavy , but for the price it is good . Carbon fiber tanks are ~ 150 and up for same size .
 Tank arrives in great condition . Lighter than expected when full , which was a plus . Great company to deal with . Price much cheaper than others also .
 I would only buy this beast of a tank , if I played woodsball , I put in a backpack via a remote line , and I did n't want to spend the money on a superior carbon tank . So that is what I did . I like playing paintball , alot .
 There is really not much to say other than you get what you pay for , the priceis very reasonable . The big problem is the weight of this tank . If you plainto attach it directly to your marker you will notice as your playing it will get heavyer & heavyer.I noticed if you have even a slight bit of paint on your bare hands the weight of the gun will cause the gun to slide down in your grip . I recomend if you buy this tank you need to get a remote system to solve the weight problem . I gave this product a 4 out of 5 because of how heavy the tank become after less than 10 minutes . Amazon 's free shipping you ca n't beat it ... Item arrived in under a week even though they state much longer wait time .
 this is a really good tank for the price you pay i use alot of paint and i only use one airfill i got this tank when i wasnt sponserd it it really helped me and it is really not that heavy they just whimps this would be a good tank if you have a ion shocker or maybe even dm7 this is a good tank so i suggest its just a good as a dye throttle tank but its a little heaveir i would give this a five out five
 I found that this tank is a little on the heavy side , but putting that aside it its a great tank to have because you do not need to fill it all that often.I now use this with a remote air line from my pack.Still a good bargain for the money.Will let you shoot alot of paint .
 I received this tank as a gift for my birthday a couple of years ago . I have used it on Spyders , Tippmans , Invert Minis , and its currently the tank I use for my Azodin KP.After doing some research I found that this is the tank you want if you 're a casual player who wants a serious players edge . If I played all the time I would probably want a nice carbon fiber tank but as it is I use this when I go about twice a month and I am happy.It is heavy . That is the only real draw back . Other than that I get consistent shots every time . I always purchase all day air at my park but I can go a full day on one fill . Since I play pump this is MORE than enough air for me.No question about it . If you are a rec player get this tank . If you are a MilSilm/woodsball player with a remote coil , GET THIS TANK . You 'll be glad you did .
 The 72ci/3000 psi bottle by Pure Energy is the most cost effective way to break onto the compressed air scene . I ` ts nice and big so it will last you around 900 paintballs , and it 's very inexpensive compared to other compressed air options
 I am new to paintball but have several very experienced friends advising me on equipment who told me that one of the must have items is a large capacity air tank , so when I told them I paid less than $ 55.00 including shipping for this one they were very impressed . It will run my Tippman A-5 W/response trigger all day and get between 600 & 700 shots and with a remote line I hardly notice it back there . To sum it up this tank is a bit bulky but then it is a `` Big '' tank but if you do n't mind hauling around a little extra weight it perform just as well as those costing many times as much .
 A lot of people think this tank is big and heavy , big yes but heavy no it weighs just as much as a 24oz co2 filled so when running a remote its just fine . as for how many shots i get to start off with my gun im shooting , Tippmann A5 W/E-grip HE , 16 '' CMI truflight barreli get about 600-700 shots it depends if im shooting full auto or not , im planning on buying three more of these so i can shoot a case of paint without playing at a field . one of the best tanks i 've owned highly recommended and great value i bought mine for only 49.99 .
 I remember when I first bought my 20 oz co2 tank and remember reading people saying that it was `` just too big '' . So when reading the reviews for this I was just like `` it ca n't be THAT big '' . When I received it in the mail all I could do is say WOW ! It is quite big , its about half an inch longer then my co2 tank , but about 3 inches rounder . It also weighs a fair bit more . It makes the gun very back heavy , but once you get it to your shoulder it really does n't seem much heavier . So is it worth the money ? Oh yeah it is . I also would tell you to not go much smaller then a 72/3000 tank unless you are at a field or you will be out of air in no time . Overall this tank is great , about $ 100 less then lighter tanks and I could buy 3 of these for the price of one of those tanks . It is heavy and it has loosened my asa screws , so just be sure that they are nice and tight if you are going to connect this directly to your gun . Even though its heavy you get used to it , like i said once you put it to your shoulder you ca n't even tell how much it weighs anyways . If your looking for a very nice and cheap hpa tank then look no farther .
 If your going to buy this tank you got to buy a remote coil with it because its just to heavy , trust me with your gun fully loaded and this thing on it , trust me buy a remote coil !!!!!!!!!!! ooo and one more thing if you dont want to wait a long time for it dont buy from dorosports they just take too long but if your cool on waiting go ahead .
 The bottle is very efficient and reliable . I use it every weekend for the past 2 months and have n't had any problems . It is a great price for this bottle . .
 Great price , easy to use , quick fill is conveniently placed , tank gauge very accurate . Tank is a little heavy -LRB- comparable to a 20oz CO2 -RRB- - really recommend a remote . This is not a HPA tank for running right on a marker . CA N'T beat the price for the size and quality of the tank !
 This is a great product at a great price ... paid 59.99 with free shipping . The size is large though , so it is not a great speedball tank IMHO because it can be bulky .
 well i cant say anything bad about this tank . it gives you a good amount of shots . it really doesnt weigh that much for those of you who are complaining . its about the same as a 20 oz CO2 tank , and i 'm 13 and can play with ease . but all in all i 'd give it 4 stars .
 This bottle does everything it is supposed to , and everything they say of it . I have yet to use a full bottle in a single day ... I 've even had one time where the refill lasted me 2 game days.That said ... I play a `` conservative '' game of woods-ball . I am known for how little paint I use . Only once have I used more than 1 bag in the course of a days play -LRB- 8:30 - 3:30 -RRB- . And on the occassion where I got 2 game days out of one tank , I had spent about 15-20 % of my time ref-ing . Another thing that has helped me use less air , and lengthen the usable time of the fill , has been that I have `` polished '' the internals of my Tippmann A5 . The reduced friction has allowed me to play on less air pressure than is required by a stock A5.I like not having to refill ... but running with a tank this heavy is not something I want to do all the time -LRB- that 's why I gave it a 4 -RRB- . When I get the money , I want to get a 4500 , light-weight bottle ... but then who does n't want one of those . In the mean-time you do what you have to do ... and this tank does everything I desired this tank to do .
 It doesnt seems so big in the picture , but ... IT IS BIG , man . Its like u are carrying a scuba by your self -LRB- joking -RRB- , but no harness will fit this , I had to modify my harness to put this tank on . Has a great performance for long time shooting , so if u wan na do recreational paintball its a good option , just make sure is what u really want .
 This has to be the absolute best upgrade for any paintball player . GET RID OF CO2 . This particular product is very nice and comes with everything you need . I would only recommend buying a cover for it so it does n't get damaged . I 'm shooting a Spyder Imagine and went through a good 1200 rounds before it was out . This is a great tank if you have a really lightweight marker , which i do not . It works excellent but it 's pretty heavy and bulker if your a front position player . great for back players who can throw a lot of paint !
 people who say this is too heavy , are just wimps . sure it weighs like five pounds , but if you cant hold like 9 or 10 pounds while you are playing , then you need to work out some . works fine . lasted me thru like 4 games , only had to fill it up once all day .
 This one is a no brainer . If you want a large HPA tank but do n't want to fork over 100 + bucks than this is the tank for you.ProsBig and CheapConsBig and Heavy . Best bet is to run it with a remote .
 Large tank that is heavy . If you are paying for unlimited air at your local field , then no real need for this large tank , but if you would like to have a few more pods before you have to fill , then this tank should help .
 Fast Delivery . Was Delivered in the timeframe that was promised . No problems with ordering and processing . Would recommend this to anyone .
 The product is great , but it took a while to get here .
 Half the price of a carbon fiber tank that holds less air ? CHECKSturdy ? CHECKReliable ? CHECKHave been using this tank for tad bit over a year at time of this review . I play woodsball/scenario . Have not had one single problem with this tank so far . I use this tank with an SP-8 Tactical Sniper , a remote air system and a scuba tank for refills . Thus far , I am extremely happy with this tank as part of my set-up . All the guys on my team use 48Cu tanks and have to refill after almost every run . I usually only fill up once a day . Sometimes 2x 's . Depending on number of opposing teams we face and how much air is left in my scuba tank.If you use a remote air system , this tank is a must have . If u screw a tank directly onto your gun , buy this tank and a remote . you will be glad you did . Stores charge the same for a tank fill , regardless of tank size , -LRB- atleast where i live -RRB- so a larger tank is easier on your wallet and this one is WAY cheaper than the carbon fibers.Highly recommend this to other players .
 This is honestly a beast of a tank it is very sturdy , and holds a large amount of air . it is also extremely heavy , i can not even attach it to my ion because it will mess up the screws . with a coil however and a backpack or however you want to carry it its great ! especially if you dont get free air refills or have to travel for your air .
 This tank is just like any other tank except what caught my eye was the price tag . It 's a little on the heavy side -LRB- obviously -RRB- because of the size . But for woodsballers -LRB- with milsim markers -RRB- who go 20oz and up for CO2 and 50ci and up for HPA should think of remote coil anyway . I got this in hopes of one day doing a war game that will last for more than a day . I do n't want to leave the field just to fill in the tank every 500 shots or so.For those who play all day or shoot more than a case of paint a day , get the bigger tanks such as this one . With the right harness , it 's more convenient over all than not .
 One word , `` BIG '' . If your into all day woods or tactical paintball this is good . Otherwise its just BIG .
 The tank is heavy but a great product , Ive used it once already with 3 fills and had no problem whatsoever . I highly recommend only using this with a vest because it is way to heavy to use directly on a paintball gun and even too heavy on a belt , it will pull it down and you 'll find yourself either tightening the belt too tight so it does n't slip or constantly pick up the belt cause its slipping.Overall it does what its suppose to do and I find it a great product .
 I like the weight , I shall have to fill up maybe once a day of play with this thing . Did I mention it is huge .
 The Pure Energy N2 Compressed Air Tank -LRB- 72ci/3000psi -RRB- was a good purchase in my opinion . I did n't want to spend too much for a tank , and I also did n't want to constantly refill . This tank was a decent price and I only had to refill 2 times for a time of 5 hours of playing , not bad . This tank is really big , so I recommend a Remote line coil , other wise you can do what I do , and just use it as a stock . It is comfortable to me , I am a big guy , so weight does n't bother me , but my cousin who went with me said my gun overall was too heavy , and he is kinda ripped . The only problem I had with this was the shipper ... It took them 3 weeks to ship this to me , I think it came from Louisiana , and I am from California , but that 's not relevant to the performance of this can .
 This tank gets me about 750 shots on my Ion , and that is without any MaxFlo or air assist . -LSB- ... -RSB- ... the gauge is nice and is pretty accurate , and it comes with a thread cover as well as a reg plug which is pretty great.Only thing that turned me off about it was the size . Pretty big considering the volume it can hold ... at this point I am kind of wishing I had gotten a stubby 4500 for like $ 25 more but it still works .
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 we are really enjoying the CARROM 245-COMBO Version Air Powered Hockey game . We have tournaments all the time , and it was a wonderful birthday present for our friend . The sale was painless through Amazon and the product came through earlier than expected . Thank you , Amazon .
 I was pleasantly surprised upon receiving the Timex Reef Gear diver . It is much more substantial than I was expecting , with a very good fit and balance . Easy to size and the Indiglo is great.Hard to beat for the price .
 This thing is the most impractical flashlights ever made , and that is why I like it so much . I stuck a xenon bulb in it , and got powerful , night piercing light . Fully loaded , it weighs in at 4 lbs . -LRB- yes , you read that number correctly
 I bought this at a local store on sale for about $ 29.00 plus tax , thinking it would be a good heavy duty flashlight for my 4X4 truck . My guess was right , this light has been banged around in my 4X4 for the past couple of years and is still on the original set of four D cell batteries , and not that it matters but it still looks great . I also keep a Mag-Light in the truck , but when I need a bright light this light works great.I recently bought a rechargeable emergency spotlight that does put out much more light , but it only stays charged for about 40 minutes of use , and then takes at least a 4 hour recharge . In my opinion that just does n't cut it for an emergency light source . As I had said earlier the Hardcase 4 D Cell light has is still on the original batteries and has gone through both power outrages and some some night time work off-road . For serious 4X4 use I would recommend a spotlight that will plug into your cigarette lighter or extra power output of your car or truck.But for general use this flashlight/lantern is tough as they come , puts out a great deal of light and uses easy to come by D cell batteries that last much deal longer than I expected them to . Definitely a better choice than the old fashion style car lantern with the large battery and spring terminals , and it is a lot brighter than my 3 D Cell Mag-light . I would bet it 's brighter than a 4 D Cell Mag-Light , but I do n't have one so I 'm betting that it would be in a side by side comparison.I would recommend this light to anyone , with a clear conscious .
 I 've been on the look for a pair of knee pads that would fit my 75lb , 5 '' , 11 year old , and these fit the bill perfectly . So many knee pads are `` one size fits all '' and if you have a smaller girl , then they just slide right off . These fit snug , but are n't too tight and they 're not super bulky , but they have enough padding to protect her knees from the gym floor . Will be buying a second pair , just to have as back up !
 I am very satisfied with these knee pads . They are n't bulky or too big like others , and they work great !
 While these kneepads are not as accurate as the `` Pro Series , 3 PC . Volleyball Knee Pads '' for making a Ghostbusters costume , they will work in a pinch . RIT dye will not adhere to the synthetic material , so go with a light dusting of flat grey spray paint to color the kneepads to the proper grey color to match the costume . The logo is screenprinted on , so you are stuck with that also . I would actually recommend going the black kneepads , but in a pinch , get what you can and modify as need be .
 i bought this knee pad for wrestling and its been working very good . i love it because it provided the cushion so that my knee wont hurt that much .
 Perfect for my 11 year old daughter , fits well . They also stay in position when running around . I would recommend them .
 At the time that I purchased the New England Patriots Logo Keychain , my brother was coming upon his 16th birthday . I figured that since he loves the Patriots what else would be better than to get some New England Patriots items for his new truck on his 16th birthday . When he opened the Patriots items he was so happy . I was happy that Amazon was able to aid me in selecting the right items for him .
 My first pair of inline skates , purchased on Dec. 9 , 2006 . Did a lot of research before I made my decision on these and am extremely happy with my purchase ! The wheels are HUGE on the Moto Extreme -LRB- 90mms front and 100mms rear -RRB- with super slick ILQ 9 classic bearings . These skates are excellent for a beginner like myself and I am sure the speed junkies -LRB- which I will be soon when I master the skating -RRB- will appreciate the big wheels.Another benefit of having these big wheels is to overcome the bumpiness on the road very easily due to the big wheels , however , keep in mind the maneuverability will be sacraficed . Overall a top notch skates with good support , true to the size boots with Cool Max lining , and excellent quality . It is fast , comfortable , and fashion all combined . Like what the pros says , do n't go cheap on your skates if you really want to enjoy the excitement of this sport . Thanks to Amazon for the awesome price and super fast shipping . When the time comes for a new pair , I will definitely buy from Amazon again!David
 These skates are very , very , fast . Moto 90 's are the lightest skates that I have ever worn . I 've done 18 mile skates in the city over curbs in traffic . Moto 90 's do it all . Down hill the 90mm wheels keep a line that will surprise you if you have n't yet skated on the larger wheeled skates that are coming out today . So light ... the boot almost feels like a running shoe both in comfort and feather like weight . Buy 'em . You 'll love these skates for cruising on trails or jumping curbs and dodging traffic in the city .
 5-Stars -LRB- updated from 3-stars -RRB- I have not found a better skate for under 200 buckss . The sweet spot for committed fitness skaters . The padding and everything have held up well up for 300 + hours of skating.I used the very similar 84mm K2 `` Moto '' for 500 + hours and they were still holding up fine before I upgraded to the smoother riding , 90mm wheel model.Wheels
 These are nice looking comfortable skates that never gave me blisters , but did a nice job of moving me from my work to my house whenever I wanted which is about 20 miles . I did n't go with any of rollerblades because my feet felt a bit squished in them , but K2 Moto Exreme felt just right . Bigger two wheels under the hill -LRB- 100mm -RRB- resulted in lesser vibration especially felt when going big distances . Overall like it a lot as commuting skates and if they ever break which I doubt I 'd consider them again .
 I 've tried many other blades but the ankle support and comfort level of the K2 's is incredible . The only problem you might have is if you order a size too small . They really do fit to your foot and if it 's too tight it can be uncomfortable .
 Excellent Skates , confortable , high speed , soft ride conditions . I recommend 100 % Thanks
 I think the crossfire II 90 made by rollerblade were a little faster actually , however , I had to get rid of them and try something else 'cause they broke on me right away , the zip string or whatever it is . I am overall pretty happy with the moto extreme blades . They are durable and I am not worried about them breaking on me .
 We were in Hawaii and realized we needed some lob wedges so ordered these and got them shipped to us within three days . Great price and they work just like lob wedges are supposed to . We 're casual golfers so spending a lot of money on a single club does n't make sense to us . The 64 degree wedge really sends shots high and they land soft .
 This is a great cheap tank and a great alternative to an expensive carbonfiber . a little heavier and not as big but much better than co2 or a 72/30 . i recomend this to any new players or anyone who isnt ready to buy an expensive lighter tank .
 First off , this is n't a `` Kid 's Review . '' I 'm 17 and I do n't have a credit card , therefore I ca n't do that Real Name bunk that you have to do before submitting a review.Yes , in the picture , it shows a carbon-fiber wrapped tank . However , if you would 've researched before you bought -LRB- derrrr ! -RRB- you would 've known that very few 3000 psi tanks are carbon-fiber wrapped . I can only think of one or two that are -LRB- there 's a 68ci 3k tank made by crossfire -LRB- I think -RRB- that 's fiber wrapped -RRB- . It even says in the product description that it is made of aluminum composite materials . Jesus , it 's not PMI that should be ashamed , it 's you two . Wow , you just go ahead and buy w/o researching ? That 's really lazy and there 's no excuse for that.Even though PMI Pure Energy is n't your best bet for a low capacity N2 tank -LRB- Crossfire is the best choice , imo -RRB- , I 'm going to give it 5 stars to boost it 's average rating out of this moronic rut .
 It had been a while since I had played paintball and both of my tanks needed to be re-certified . This tank was cheaper and quicker than re-certifying my old tanks
 I purchased three of these tanks from CCPAINTBALL which were received within 5 days of placing the order . The tanks are made by Pure Energy but are distributed by JT which has there large yellow logo squarely centered on the dark green tank.These tanks are being used for the six extra guns -LRB- Tippmann 98 & A5 -RRB- I have in my arsenal for friends who want to play woodsball but do n't own a gun . I have had no problems with the tanks and they do the job . They 're heavier than my carbon fiber tanks but they were well priced for what I needed them for.If just getting into paintball , this is a good budget priced tank to start off with ; or if you 're like me and need some extra stuff for friends who do n't have the gear , it 's a solid choice for rentals .
 Bottle not too heavy or bulky . Worked extremely well and refilled numerous times perfectly . Used with spyder extra three times so far . Would n't choose a bigger bottle though as a bigger bottle would weigh too much .
 Pure Energy N2 Compressed Air Tank -LRB- 48ci/3000psi -RRB- I ordered 3 of these Pure Energy N2 Compressed Air Tanks -LRB- 48ci/3000psi -RRB- rating tanks and Got EXACTLY what was shown on the screen when I ordered . I paid for 3-5 day shipping and received these tanks very well packaged in Two Days -LRB- 2 days -RRB- , not 3-5 , what I paid for when I ordered . Ultimate Paintball was Nothing But Helpful to me and I Will Shop From Them Again !!!! Do n't let anyone fool you , my tanks were NEW and they even came WITH A BUILT ON PSI GAUGE , which is very helpful . This was MY Experience with Ultimate Paintball and I 'm Very Well Pleased !!! People Please make sure you READ ANY FINE PRINT , as with most businesses if they run out of certain items they can and sometimes DO reserve the right to ship an item that 's different from what 's shown and if it 's taking longer than expected Contact Your Seller to see if there 's something that you and the seller can arrange where both parties involved Will Be Happy . If I ever have any questions I make sure to contact the seller to see if there 's a way we can both `` Meet In The Middle '' without Negative Feedback having to left and making other interested buyers `` afraid '' to buy just because of a negative feedback , I went ahead and ordered and could n't Be Happier . I hope this Helps Clear The Air and let other buyers know to check things out but do n't be afraid because of a `` bad report card '' every now and then , especially when you deal with many , many people ... that 's life . I recommend Ultimate Paintball and I Will Buy From Them Again !! Hope this helps , Good luck to all !!!
 3X the capacity of traditional co2 tanks . Plus has a gauge . i recommend getting a vest that holds the tank on your back . I love not having 2 carry my tank on my gun and i outlast all my friends with air ; op
 I use one on my AKA Viking and it shoots great on low pressure . Lasts about 5 or 6 rounds and 500-1000rds . But on my Piranha it last a bit less . 500-700rds or something . Best for use on a low pressure marker .
 the shipping took a long time but once i got it i was happy . pure energy 48ci 3000psi tank in its package ready to fill . had all the covers the intructions to rebuild and jsut need to be filled.i would buy another and plan on it soon .5 stars from `` MILLI ''
 Just getting into HPA Tanks ?? this is the perfect tank for you . I have used it for 6 months now and could n't be happier . It is now my back up tank since i have to get a 4500psi for my cyclone and rt. bottom line , highly recommended for the price
 For the price , this is a good product . Solidly constructed and works very well . It 's pretty heavy , but if you ca n't afford a carbon fiber tank , it 's just something you have to deal with ... With my Ion , this tank lets me get through roughly 5 tubes -LRB- just over half a case -RRB- of paint before it starts to run low . If you shoot more than that without a break to refill your air , this is not the tank for you . Get a higher pressure tank and/or a bigger capacity one.The size of the tank seems just right to me , but like I said , it 's kinda heavy.Note that this is the first tank I 've bought so I do n't have a wide basis for comparison . As such , I can recommend this tank in its price range , but with the qualification this recommendation is in isolation -LRB- rarely a good thing -RRB- .
 so i bought this item but received a tank with no stickers or engravings saying it was a PE tank , so i emailed the customer support and Sean , helped me out and got me a refund for $ 11 . Greatly appreciated you guys are awesome !
 Tank works as designed . A lot of people are going to the 4500 psi tanks , but my local field only fills to 3000 psi so no need for a 4500 psi tank . Tank seems to last about 500-700 rounds so it will make it through a couple of games before needing a refill .
 I bought two of these tanks to replace an unwieldy 72ci aluminum tank . I 've been using them for four months now to play local woodsball with some friends and have had absolutely no problems . These are perfect for me . The tank -LRB- s -RRB- perform as expected and do not leak .
 this is worth it for the price . . its a perfect substitude if you dont realy feel like buying a 100 $ air tank . . it held up on me 2 rounds before i had to refill . . like i said for the price and the time it allowed me to stay in the game it was worht it ... did i mention the price . .
 If you 're considering making the transition to compressed air but do n't play often enough to drop $ 150 + on the tank , this is a good option . In general , you will get 2/3 the amount of shots from a 3000 psi tank when compared to a same-size 4500 psi tank . For most recreational players , this tank will give them two or three games per fill . Advanced players , or people who go through a lot of paint , will want the 4500 tank . People using Tippmanns with Cyclone feeds and Response Triggers will also want to use the 4500 , as the Cyclone stops working well below 800 psi and the Response goes through more gas than a normal trigger . If you are n't one of these people , this is a good crossover tank - it 's roughly the same size as a 20 oz CO2 and has about the same life on the field .
 I purchased this Pure Energy tank and received a cheap no name tank from DoroSports.I could have bought this tank for less at my local paintball shop but I wanted the Pure Energy tank.I will never purchase anything from this company again .
 I think that for the money , it is an excellent product . it works perfectly . if your a speedball player though , do n't bother . It is heavyer than a 20 oz Co2 tank . but because i have an A-5 the wieght is n't an issue . if you have a tippmann ... and your short on cash ... . buy it now .
 Great product . worked great on the field . Cut down on my refill trips.The materials seem good and well put toghether .
 This is my first HPA -LRB- high pressure air -RRB- tank and this is what I noticed compared against CO2 : - Bigger Size
 I absolutely love this tank ... I picked mine up at a local store for under $ 50 and I am completely happy with it . Solid construction , do n't have to worry about covers , and works great off a remote line setup . Carbon fiber tanks are expensive and fragile , this tank is sturdy and ready for the weekend warrior , with a real life budget .
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 I play recreational paintball and to give you an idea as to humidity/weather conditions , I play in Houston , Texas . First off the tank that is in the Amazon.com picture is n't the same as the one that I received . After going to the main company 's website I found out that the picture is incorrect and I did in fact get the tank with the specs I ordered . The one I got in the mail looks fine . It does n't have the radioactive graphic . It has an Empire graphic instead . That 's what the company 's using now.The tank is lightweight . Empty it weighs about 2 pounds 10 ounces . The grey main body of the tank is about 8 inches tall and the gauge/stem device is about 2 inches so the overall total height is about 10 inches . The cylinder body is about 4.25 inches in diameter.This tank is great . I do n't really feel it when I have it on my back in the pod holder sling/vest I have . How long one air fill lasts depends on many variables . But for me -LRB- how I shoot -RRB- and in my climate and my paintball marker ... I get 1000 paintballs on one fill-up easily . Has n't given me any problems whatsoever . I use a modified Tippmann A5 marker with it . I do n't have any electronic trigger either so I 'm not rapid firing all the time in case the inefficiencies of a marker come into play of how long a full tank lasts.This is totally worth the money and I would definitely buy this tank again hands down .
 I highly reccomend the pure energy N2 tank to anyone who plays paintball with their own gun . Why ? You extend the life of your gun and get a far more consistent shot . I find that the pure energy tanks offer years of reliable service and are the choice of many paintball fields on their rental guns . The carbon fiber wrap allows you to get a larger tank without adding weight and the 5 year hydro retest date allows you to have a longer worry free playing time . Worth every penney you will pay .
 This is a great tank I play with it every weekend it does n't leak . It screws into my Etek no problem it doesnt come lose at all , and at the end of the day it unscrews easily as well . The gauge is easy to read . The price is good it 's hard to find a 68/4500 for cheaper . great deal !
 This tank is amazing . It 's perfect sized for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and 111lb . -RRB- , and it is extremely lightweight . I prefer this tank over cheaper aluminum and steel tanks because of it 's size and lightness . It weighs about the same as a 20 oz . CO2 tank or a 48ci aluminum tank . I used to use CO2 , but then I had a bad experience with it on a cold and rainy day in the woods . -LRB- paintballs stuck in the barrel , busted o-rings , etc. -RRB- You can usually get a better price for HPA at your local field than for CO2.So at a glace , this tank is expensive , but overtime , you save more money and you do n't have to worry about busted o-rings as often as you did . The gauge and regulator work great , I got an extremely consistent shot , anfd the gauge was pretty accurate . I only found two downsides to this product . The first is that the tank has the empire logo on it , not the pure energy reactor logo . But this is okay , because you should get a cover for it anyway . The second is that my local field only fills to 3000 psi , which disappoints me . When the tank is full , you can expect about 700 shots at 3000 psi , or 1100 shots at 4500 psi when chronoed at about 285fps . Anyway , I reccomend this tank all players , new and old .
 I hate all the haters who think this product is junk . Your wrong ! If you do n't throw it on the ground , drop or do anything to damage it , it will work as intended . When I received it , it was empty as said in the description and I pumped it up with my Benjamin hand pump that I also purchased and had many people say that pumping up these tanks is too hard and is a waste of time . Well I 'm saying I was able to pump this tank up to 3600 psi just like the hand pump says it can go up to with no problem . I guess If your weak and lazy then you would n't be able to but it works fine for me.GET THIS TANK ! DO N'T LISTEN TO DUMB PEOPLE ON HERE !
 I used this tank for the first time yesterday . Its a good tank for a great price . Go get one !!!
 Very good tank for players who dont need the expensive stuff . Everything as described light and efficient . Recommend this to anyone who doesnt want to pay for an expensive air tank .
 Received this as stated quickly from Wavetogo , slapped it on my marker and I was ready to go ! Tank is a tad bit sticky at first from the manufacturing process , but it smooths out after a little while . I was a little disappointed that the nuclear symbol was replaced w/the Empire logo ... I think the nuc symbol is cool ... but obviously it does n't effect performance . Good tank !
 Great tank , the quality is great , I got this months tank date , so it is good for a full three years from this month . I spoke to the seller about the logo difference & she told me that there was a buy out from one company to the other , so a different logo is used , but she sent me the latest dated tank and that was great .
 This lock is pretty robust and has a solid locking mechanism . It 's definitely a step above the previous Kryptolok STD which sells for the same price . -LRB- UPDATE NOTE
 I 've only had my lock for a few weeks , but so far it is great . Shipped promptly . The attachment that holds the lock on the bike is pathetic -- definitely plan on having some sort of additional support to hold it on . The key fits pretty easily most of the time , sometimes needs a little jiggling , but opens beautifully once it 's in properly . Overall , quite happy with product , especially given reasonable price .
 I 've only used it 4-5 times so far . It 's a strong lock and it 's heavy , but I feel secure with it on the bike . The key only comes out in the locked position so you have to relock it before you can remove the key .
 After a good amount of research , I chose the STD 5010 for its quality to value . I did n't attempt to hack this item , but it looks solid and strong enough to deter the average to mediocre crck head .
 This is a great lock . I have n't had any trouble with the lock jamming.Two small complaints :1 . My bike has a pretty small frame , so there is n't a place for me to affix the frame holder . This means I either have to carry a bag , or hold the lock while I ride . This is n't a huge deal since I generally carry a bag , but it 's a little bit of a pain .2 . It 's very heavyI think this is a good lock for the cost and recommend it .
 I bought this bike lock 2 years ago based on good reviews and a good price , and I have been very satisfied . It 's a bit heavy , but that 's a small price to pay for security . I especially appreciate how long the arms of the U-bar are , making it possible to loop the bar through both my front wheel and my bike frame .
 works fine , still have my bike a month later . knocked off all the plastic junk with a hammer and screwdriver to make it smaller . Comes with a big fistfull of spare keys , which is great , if you 're a flake like me . so far the bracket to attach it to the bike needs to be retightened once in a while , and it does n't really clip the lock securely , but i mounted it so gravity does the work . Many people complain that the breaks , so be careful how you 're going to hang the lock off the bike .
 The hammer advice is legit . My lock would n't close . Surely enough , lightly turning the key while pounding with a hammer put everything back in the right place .
 I bought this lock for my boyfriend 's birthday . It was the best price I found , and it arrived quickly . He was very pleased with it , and uses it all the time .
 I placed this in my emergency kit in the car trunk . I had one before but lost it . It cuts very well in a pinch . Obviously it is n't meant for felling trees .
 this is a very good saw for light-weight cutting and is perfect for taking with you on a camping trip
 This is a gift for my 9yr old step-son . I have n't tried it out , but the fact it 's called &#34; Commando wire saw &#34; is uber cool . He will be thrilled just by the name alone .
 As with any of these type of commando saws , this one needs some type of case to keep from snagging in your backpack , pocket , or pouch . Other than that it is ok .
 I bought this cheap addition for my emergency kit . That being said , I ca n't know how to review it until an emergency occurs -LRB- hopefully never -RRB- . First impressions are it seems a little thin ... but I do n't know , I do n't have a variety of wire saws to compare it to !
 I actually bought this for an emergency survival pack . This could be a great backup to pack for camping . If this does as stated on the package , this item could cut through a surprising list of materials . This item seems like a great compact emergency tool .
 ... in an emergency situation - plenty ! Reviewer , J. Marshall , is correct . The main purpose of any survival item is emergency use . Compact and light weight is a must or you may not take it with you . A chain saw will cut a lot quicker but you wo n't take it in the bush . This saw is a great survival tool and used as intended , will do the job without being difficult to carry . If you `` PLAN '' on doing extensive woodworking then take the appropriate tool for sure . I have practiced with this saw and if you let the wire cut without excessive force it will not break . You must keep the wire stretched out and not let it `` wrap '' around the object being cut - this is what causes it to break . Granted , you wo n't build a log cabin with it but an emergency shelter is doable ! You can put some sticks through the eyelets for better grip or stretch it over a notched , green branch to fashion a saw handle . Two users , one on each end , can really make this saw hum ! I carry mine in one of those plastic chew containers - fits perfect and you can add other small items !
 The wire saw makes for a good addition to your camp pack because of it 's size and ability to cut something in a pinch . It will not replace a good ax or field knife , but that is not it 's purpose . People need to be cautious that they do not use it like they would with an actual saw and use excessive force or it will break and then you will be stuck with nothing . If common sense is used , it is a valuable tool for your truck console or woods bummin ' bag . I have 2 of them .
 I purchased this to take with me to Afghanistan , so I could cut pallets to make furniture , to make my deployment a little more comfortable . At first , I thought it was a joke , because I had a hard time keeping it stretched out , and it got stuck on everything ... but once I figured out how to hold it , and use it , I managed to cut very effectively with it . It 's a lot like using a jigsaw , except you can manipulate it much easier . Overall , a good product , and I would recommend it for any outdoors-man interested in a more compact way of cutting wood .
 Ive used alot of wiresaws that were junk but this wire saw is great!It will saw threw saplings good so it is goo for a survival situation where you need to build a shelter.I make survival kits and this is the saw that I put in them.If you have a problem wirh your saw breaking it is because you didnt use it properly.This is a good saw for survival kits .
 I usually use the saw on my Wenger SAK , but on ocasion I 've carried one of these for making a bow saw . The rings are very stout and the swivels help protect the blade from kinking and allow you to get a better stroke when using this as a `` thumb saw '' . However the best use of these is to get a heavy green stick about 2/3 the length of the wire , and cut slots in each end to make a bow saw with this as the blade.I found it best to put the ring on the outside with the swivel in the slot rather then nest the ring in the slot , which tends to cause the ring to slip out . But I 've made variations where the rings are placed in notches , rather than end slots , that worked well , also . Depending on the wood you choose for your bow , slots or notches may be easier . Some might split with a slot in the end , others may crack with a slot . The most important this to remember is to get enough bend in your bow to cut through the wood you are trying to saw . As you can usually cut from more than one side , you may not need a super deep bow but a good bit of space between the wire and the top of the bow will make your sawing easier.This wire blade can be broken and it does n't cut as well as a regular saw , but it 's cheap and very light . If you want a more permanent , light weight , better cutting solution you can try the sawvivor , also available here on Amazon . It 's much bulker and certainly a bit heavier though .
 I 've used this out in the yard for a few smallish trees and I found it easy to use . I found that the rings will wear your fingers out after a few minutes , but if you put a couple of sticks in there as handles you can go for hours . My advice on carrying it is to put is in a small tough container for travelling and camping . The cord is abrasive enough to slowly slice through fabric .
 I bought this saw for a small survival kit that I am making to take with me hunting . Theres really not much to be said about this simple saw . I took it out as soon as I received it to give it a quick trial run in the back yard . I was able to cut through a 1 inch stick in about 1-2 minutes . I first started out by wrapping the saw wire around the stick and pulling back and forth to make a U shape . This worked great but would sometimes bind up . I then changed to a more straight line approached which cut slightly slower but did n't bind up at all.For 7 bucks you ca n't expect a miracle saw . It works great for its intended purpose of a small pocket/survival saw . Just be careful not to push it to hard because it may break because it is just a wire .
 Just big enough you can make a bow saw , or little game snare , yet so small . Great backup to have . Still carry a folding saw & good hatchet , but this baby stays in my their one . I 've ordered another for a buddy , he likes the versatility as well . I recommend .
 This is the best tank I have ever purchased . -LRB- I have a Few -RRB- the pressure was consistant and holds alot of air . It also very compact compare to a 68ci tank . This is tank is a must .
 Ninja Swoed Katana Blade 2 in 1 the Daywalker w / Shoulder Straps & Free Knife is a must own item , even if it is only a copy .
 I have used safeguard for years and it is a great product at a great price . I would recommend it to anyone
 Horse accepted the product very easily , I think the flavoring helps a LOT . Not my favorite job to administer wormers , would recommend this product for ease of use !
 After reading a blog entry reviewing several bike locks , I was convinced that this OnGuard Bulldog u-lock was the one for me during my college days in the Midwest . Through several seasons now , the lock has proved its durability and the extra keys have been really handy . -LRB- Just do n't rely on that keylight ! -RRB- My only concern would be about the lock 's performance in freezing wet weather . A few times , water snuck into the locking mechanism and froze into an annoying problem . Granted , I did n't keep my bike in covered storage , and the ice was n't anything my grip and twisting strength could n't overcome with a minute of diligence . I like this lock and I think it got the job done well .
 The feature I love about this lock is that it comes with an LED flashlight on one of it 's key for those times when you 're cycling home at night , and it 's dark , and when you fumble to unlock your bike -LRB- cos it 's cold -RRB- , you just ... . ca n't ... seem to ... get ... . the key ... . in ... . arrrghhhh !! but now at least you can see where the hole is and you can insert the key with ease.The lock is also very well designed in that you ca n't turn the key unless you 've got the key all the way in properly . this helps prevent damage to the lock -LRB- and to the key -RRB- when you try and force the key to turn without inserting it fully . -LRB- although on the first day i got it i thought the lock was jammed . turns out i inserted the key at a wrong angle -RRB- it also comes with a lock holder for your bike so that you can attach your lock to it when you 're riding too.it 's only rated 2 stars for security , but no one 's ever tried to steal my bike but i think having this lock around makes them not want to try . or maybe because my bike is a cheap piece of junk . definitely much more effective than a cable lock . plus onguard has some kinda insurance thing if your bike gets stolen while it 's locked with this lock , which provides some additional peace of mind i suppose.finally , you get free shipping because it 's a shade over $ 25 . all in all a satisfactory product . 5 stars .
 I bought this lock for a couple of reasons . First , it a very strong , durable lock . I saw video 's on a major web site showing U locks of lesser build being destroyed by either hand tools or a tire jack . Sure , maybe the same tools could do the same , however I feel comfortable that it would take a longer time to do the same . Also this is just the right size . Onguard has an even smaller lock , but it is just to small for me . After reading reviews of it , it seems as if you may have some difficulty fully securing your bike . Also it is not as bulky as some of the bigger locks and therefore weighs less , though not much less . It comes with a mechanism to hold the lock to the bike , but I do not like it and have no need to use it since I simply put the lock around the seat with U loop projected forward . I have no problem with scratches . You do receive 5 keys , one is led lighted . They do not seem as durable as I would like them to be , but they should suffice . This review applies to the 3.5 X 7 lock .
 I have bought this lock twice . First of all I live in LA so bikes do n't last very long even with a good lock . The last bike I had got stolen 1 hr after I had left it locked . I locked it with this lock but did n't lock it to my apt fence -LRB- i put the bike inside -RRB- because I thought `` cmon I 'm only going in for an hour and coming out right away so why bother with the hassle , its not like I 'm not locking it '' and surprise surprise , little did I know that bike thieves would just lift my bike -LRB- it was a pretty light road bike >=[ -RRB- and walk out the apt gate . I do n't really blame the lock but it is something to consider.Ok . sorry back to the review . The lenght of the lock is ok . And it is a definite plus that it comes with 5 keys !!! one of them having a led light . the lock barrel turns so that you can cover the keyhole from dust and water . However , the locking mechanism is sometimes a bit heavy and does n't turn that smoothly but it is definitely not a problem .
 When combined with a secure cable - you can lock your bike -LRB- or recumbent trike - as I do -RRB- to a &#34; passive &#34; object &#34; - as a tree , fence , pole or the like - so it ca n't be easily carried away .
 I purchased this lock to secure my bike at work . Unlike my last lock , the key turns in the lock very easily and it is easy to close .
 I noticed that many reviewers have poor things to say about the mounting device that comes with this lock . Therefore , I was apprehensive to give this lock a chance ; but I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived and I had no trouble attaching the mounting bracket , taking the bracket back off to readjust position , and then taking the lock itself in and out of the bracket . The keys to lock seem a little fragile , but they do give you 5 of them with your order , I have n't had problem with them yet . Overall I think the quality of this product is great and it 's easy to use .
 Product came with everything listed and works great ! There were five keys and one with a light in cases that I lost my keys which happened to me and that is why I had to buy another bike lock . Fast service .
 Got this lock for my old-school Schwinn road bike in LA. . It 's surprisingly lightweight , yet certainly large enough to lock around any pole & thick enough to deter thieves . I 've never lost a key but it 's good to know I have several extras on hand just in case .
 I have this lock for about a year now . The lock is just about the most comfortable size - small enough to carry along , long enough to lock to most things . It 's very sturdy , feels very hard to cut through . I also started to get some jamming especially in rainy weather , but oiling the mechanism solves the problem . I 'd recommend it if you are happy to add oil once a year .
 This lock is real nice and seems very strong ... the thick frame on my bike required me to mount the lock vertically below the seat post , which worked out pretty good . The key with the built in light is a nice added feature . I recommend it .
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 Really feels good and it is great price compard to other products that look to be the same . Thank you !
 This is a great item . My son uses it daily and loves it . would order again in future . Arrived in great condition
 have had it for over 3 years . very useful , very effective and beneficial to my back . Very good for dat to day spine alignment .
 great product ! helps with my back tightness and I can roll my back out myself or have someone roll my back out .
 The only thing I disliked about the roller is that it is n't completely smooth ... I 'm using it for physical therapy & the one I use at the therapist 's bldg. is smooth & it rolls more easily .
 A foam roller was recommended to me by my physical therapist . This one has served me well , my shoulder is healing and it is also helping with my upper back tension . I would recommend this product any time .
 It 's a sizable , fairly dense foam roller . You can lay on it lengthwise , or across it , and it pretty much retains its shape . I would not recommend attempting to stand on it while it 's upright . Great for stretching your back . Also can be used as a ridiculously thick lightsaber , though some additional imagination is required .
 I was a little worried when I read some reviews saying that the roller would have a hollow center but it was all solid when it arrived.I weigh 155 lbs . and it 's definitely dense enough for me . I am not too sure if it would be good for users who weigh more than 200 lbs .
 I 'm a fitness nut , but I found that even when I was in my best shape there were still times I 'd be sore after a workout . One of my friends suggested using a foam roller post-workout . Since using this product my soreness is pretty much non-existent , especially in my quads and hamstrings . . Instead of paying $ 60 an hour for a sports massage , I think a foam roller should do the trick .
 I love using this roller between trips to the chiropractor for my neck and back . I was in a car accident that left me with residual whiplash injuries and this definitely helps !
 This noodle is very solid so it holds up . Long enough that it covers the width of my back with no problems . Would recommend for folks that have back pain that need some extra help . This is very similar to the one I use at my chiropractors office .
 Recently heard about foam rolling . Decided it give it a try , as I sit all day at work and needed to relieve some back pain . Love it ... the roller was exactly as described and I have had less pain in my lower back since `` rolling . '' P.S. . If you have kids ... they love to `` whap '' each other with it too .
 Finally a physical therapist told me about one of these ... It 's fabulous ! Lying on it even five minutes in the morning and evening gives great release , especially for those who sit at a computer a lot or have a forward-head posture . I wo n't ever be without one again !
 Great price for a great item ! I searched for these here in Canada and they are 4 times more expensive for the same thing ...
 Great item - It 's a dense foam roll ... Do n't know what else to say . Its foam and it rolls and rolls marvelously
 I exercise a lot but have a `` Desk Job '' 40 + hours per week . This foam roller has been super helpful with my my tight IT Band . Arrived quickly and in good shape ! Thank you !
 The foam roller was exactly want I needed . My PT had warn me about most local stores that sell them are not the grade that they use for PT . Awesome prices cheapest price in town .
 The foam roller is exactly like the one I use in physical therapy . The item arrived very quickly and in excellent shape .
 This roller is a great value -LRB- no frills , simple white -RRB- and the foam is very sturdy - its perfect for stretching out the tough areas and helps with guided sit-ups . I recommend it for anyone with tight back muscles , but beware , the first couple times it can feel a little on the painful side -LRB- but its a good pain , I promise ! -RRB- You have to ease into it and let the roller work its magic .
 My personal trainer recommended that I purchase a foam roller to get the kinks out and stretch on my own at home . He specifically stated that I needed a black one -- they are the toughest which is what you need . The picture on Amazon of the product showed a black foam roller which is what I thought I purchased . Instead a white one arrived which seems to be just fine , but it was a bit misleading .
 A foam roller is more than helpful for any type of training . I would recommend this to anyone who is active . Youtube a few exercises and/or how to use it properly . Great product !
 I 'm one of those middle-aged athletes who does n't like to admit that she 's aging . So when I was told I might have to stop playing my sports becasue of a shoulder injury , immediately I opted for another course of action . I met with my physical therapist and he gave me some home exercises that included the foam roller and I 'm working on getting back to my pre-injury status . It 's easy and wonderful . Unfortunately , I might have to get another one . My whole family is using it . Great for low back problems too and upper chest tightness/soreness . Great buy !
 These are great tools for my patients to use in their Physical Therapy home program . It can help them become independent in controlling their symptoms and improving their function .
 Use this for therapy exercise for very tight it bands in both legs . Can do the stretches on my own once the therapist showed me what to do . Works great . Can be used for variuos muscle and ligament stretches .
 this is a great product for stretching those tough to stretch areas like your IT band . i highly recommend it
 Before I thought to look on Amazon for this , I know the price was about $ 5 more at the local ` back ' store . My doctor suggested I look at Amazon . Normally the trade-off for a lower price online is shipping costs . But this one still had a lower price , even including the shipping ! I think it was also eligible for the super saver free shipping deal . And it is the exact same quality as the one I used at the physical therapist 's office .
 This foam roller , which I must use for some physical therapy exercises , arrived promptly . I could n't find it in any `` walk-in '' stores near my home , so I was please to be able to purchase it on the internet .
 There really are things you can do with this roller that will give you an experience you ca n't get with other tools . I bought this to work with Karen Voight 's new workouts that feature the roller ; it 's definitely interesting .
 I got all into my ` WORKOUT ' hype and went crazy buying weights and such . So I went all out and bought one of these to go along with a workout video I bought . Hey , it arrived nicely packaged , white , long , and sturdy . After using it one time , I put it in a closet and that 's where it 's been for about 4 months . LOL But it 's nice , and to someone more committed , it 'll do you good
 I have a roller just like this and I wanted to buy one for my son .
 I needed a foam roller for an additional location that I visit and also thought the owner of the house could benefit from this product . It works fine . It is not smooth like my other roller , revealing that it provides a rough surface to improve massage effects . Not sure that it does this , but it works fine .
 This foam roller is just the foam without a colored plastic cover , generic rather than branded , so is less expensive , but perfectly functional . Works great .
 I purchased this product to workout with . It arrived well in advance of its expected date . I would purchase from this person again should the need arise !!
 Works great for relieving sore muscles and releasing tension after a hard workout . Also great for loosening up muscles before a workout .
 The product arrived in the condition described , it is not hollow core as other users have received . I needed a firm dense roller and this one is perfect . I was surprised by the heavily textured surface but it does not change the usefulness of the product .
 Got this to loosen up a tight IT band in my legs . Seems to be working well enough , and I 've also started using it to massage my calves and hip-flexors before/after exercising . It 's definitely more useful than I gave it credit for . Very sturdy . Exactly what I was hoping for when I ordered . Good price point too .
 I have ordered 4 of these foam rollers for my patients and my marathon trainees and they absolutely love it ! Great for the price and fast shipping !
 This roller was just as advertised . I am not sure exactly how to use it yet , so I ca n't say anything about that . But I do n't have any complaints so far .
 We have purchased many foam rollers over the years and this is the best one . LOVE it . It is firm and helps to release the aches in our backs .
 This thing is the most genious invention ever . I was sceptical at first , but after using it I definately feel the benefits already . You can tell which parts of your body are unhealthy . I was told by a physical therapist that my IT Bands were too tight so I got this because it was said to be the best stretch technique for them . It really is . The IT Band really hurts the knees and you can feel just how much crap is in there that needs to get out . The first time is going to kill you , but if you keep at it will get better . Just like with anything , practice makes perfect . I tried it on my back and it was n't as tight as I thought it would be . My legs are the things that this really helps . It is basically a massage for your legs mostly , but can be used for other parts . My thighs did n't hurt at all , my IT Bands hurt semi-bad , but the worst part is my back calves . I first tried it with my leg on top of the other per the video I watched and man did that hurt . It adds more weight so it puts more pressure . That was terrible . So once I found out that I did n't need that much pressure I tried the normal way . It still hurt , but I could actually get through it to stretch it . They feel tons better . These things have awesome reviews and if your legs are sore from running or doing stuff on your legs all day , please do not pass this up . It will be the best thing you can get to relieve sore legs besides a real massage .
 The roller was everything it appeared to be . It felt very durable . I 've used it a handful of times now and have no complaints .
 I recently had shoulder surgery . This really helps with rehab . It exceeds any personal massagers strength because it allows body weight to be pinpointed .
 Seems to be what it 's supposed to be . I actually got it to help my IT Band , but after one day of using a couple times , my IT band flared and I was stuck on the couch for a week . So be careful . But I do n't think there 's anything wrong with the product ...
 I sent and email prior to receiving the item and no one ever replied . However , the item was received in a reasonable time and was packaged well .
 very happy with product it came as described and was here quickly , will definitely buy more next time i get a chance
 It 's a good product . Lots of people use these to help with back pain.I also recommend the back buddy massage cane . I use both and I 'm only 29 ! : -0
 there is n't anything i can say as to what i needed to kno for this product ... i already knew bout the foam roller , i was excited to see it for thatlow price that i had to get it . . this is the best work out equipment to have in your home . . it changed my life style on how in shape/out shape my body is , it rolled out the kinks it relaxed my muscles so they can be better mobilized . . i love it , and its great for balance and back massage . .
 exactly how it 's describe.quality is excellent for it 's price compare to the last one i used .
 The foam roller arrived within the expected time . It is very firm and just the right size for my exercises .
 It will get the knots out . Buy a second one for the office . Good for back , legs , sides , etc. . Foam is firm .
 If your a gym person , you need to add this roller to your warm-up . There are 3 , white , blue and black being themost firm . A great way to stretch out those legs and more .
 Very nice product to relieve sore muscles after an extensive workout . Used it several times when I needed instant relief .
 i used one in my physical therapy sessions & wanted one at home . i have a long commute & use the computer a lot . . laying on it really helps my back & shoulders after i sit for long periods of time
 I ordered the standard firmness -LRB- white-color -RRB- 36 '' x 6 '' round foam roller from Exertools through Amazon.com . It came quicker than expected using standard shipping . With shipping it cost 1/2 of what they cost at my local sporting good store and a Big Box retailer.This roller is the right firmness for doing Iliotibial band stretching exercises . So far it is holding up well . If you are n't sharing the rooler with others or using it on a dirty floor then you probably do n't need a slip-on fabric cover for the roller .
 I work out and run regularly and since using this product the soreness in my IT band and TFI muscle have improved 90 % or more . I noticed improvement imediatly .
 High quality , less expensive than others . I use it for my lower back to release tension and reduce the pain .
 I use this roller for exercise for hip bursitis . Very helpful . Highly recommend .
 I was a little skeptical ordering a fitness product such as this online , however , I was pleased when I used it on my sore hamstrings . I am so thankful I purchased this item , I no longer have to go to the gym to roll out my sore muscles ! Also , the price was excellent ! I was in target the other day and the price of their foam rollers superseded the price of this one : -RRB-
 This was recommended by my chiropractor . At first I thought it was too hard , but as I got used to it , it was ok . It does break up tight muscles . I could have done with the 24 inch , but better too long than too short .
 I call it my log . It 's not hollow , it 's a solid mass of foam.I 'm currently suffering from ITBS + old injury issues so this thing causes me a lot of pain ... but you know , that 's what it 's there for ... It came with a slight bend , but it does n't affect the exercise at all.It shipped so fast . It was shipped the evening of the placed order .
 This was the cheapest foam roller I found at the time . I have been told that there are cheaper but this one works great . It is dense foam and works great for foam rolling exercises and stretching -LRB- including p90x2 -RRB- .
 This is a great foam roller . Works for stretching many different muscles before and after working out . The fact it is 36 '' long makes a huge difference from shorter rollers . Firm foam really gets in there and works out the knots .
 It works well and is easy to use . I like to use this on my back . It gets the kinks out .
 I use this foam roller 3-4 times a week for about 20 minutes during my pilates training . It is not as hard as a blue/black foam roller , but I think it is perfect for beginners . I have used it for a few months now and so far have no complaints .
 Bought this for my dad for christmas ! He has back issues and loves to use this to work out . It also works well for yoga and Pilates . It is very durable , I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I love this roll . I used to have a bad back . Then I rolled on this roll everyday and in 3 weeks of doing that everyday my back felt much better ! It cracks your back in an unpainful way ! So I would reccomend this foam roll .
 I had a small problem with getting a differnt color roller compared to what I thought it was going to be . I did not read the description but John was very helpful and is sending me a new one . This company is great and will do work with them in the future .
 I went for a massage recently . The masseuse recommended using a body roller to administer self massage on tight problem areas . This is just what I needed . Firm , solid and effective , I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 I use this for foam rolling at home on the days I do n't foam roll at the gym . It 's great quality and I love it !
 The roller is great ! I found this one online for much cheaper than those in the stores and am very happy with the quality .
 This product was exactly what I needed . It 's both durable and sturdy and helps me with problems I have with my IT Band .
 Boyfriend and I have both been to PT and were both told to purchase a foam roller in this size so we could continue the work our therapists had done . We 've had a great run with this roller . It has just enough give to be flexible but never warps . My only complaint is that it was slightly bent when it arrived , but we 've managed to straighten it out with some use .
 I used foam rollers at my local gym and thought it was time to purchase my own . Although i 've only used it twice so far , it works really great and relieves the tension in my upper back . It also works great to stretch out the IT band after a run . Seems sturdy enough .
 I have Lupus and Fibromyalgia , so I have a LOT of muscle pain . This foam roller is the BEST for working those tight , aching muscles . I roll the front of my thighs , and this is the only thing that has given me any relief . It can be used in various exercises-just do a search and you 'll find lots of sites with exercises -LRB- exercisetv.tv -RRB- .
 I purchased this foam roller upon recommendation from other runners . My IT band had been giving me problems , so I began hunting for an inexpensive , full-size foam roller that was well-rated . This is the best foam roller for the price ! It 's a great size , heavy-duty , and does a great job . Since using the foam roller , I 've been able to find relief from my IT band pain and I 've found that this works well for massaging other muscles as well - especially back and flanks . You can also use this roller for exercise . I like to use it while in plank position , with my hands on the foam roller . It adds another level of difficulty . It also helps with increasing flexibility ; for example , place under legs just above the knee and push up into up-dog for a great front-body stretch.Since purchasing this roller , I 've recommended it to my other running/work-out/yoga buddies and people with back pain . Love it !
 I bought a roller to go with a new exercise DVD -LRB- Karen Voight Sleek Essentials -RRB- but find it useful for many things . I use it to add dimension to my pilates workout , I use it as a cheap bench to give me more space to do arm exercises like bench presses , etc.For the price , it was well worth it .
 I purchased this for my granddaughter who injured her back and has had to have physical therapy . I purchased this for her on her therapist recommendation . She plays soccer and needs this roller to help ease the tightness in her back . So far I have not heard any complaints .
 These things cost twice as much in the local sporting goods stores . While this one costs half as much , is n't packaged with some worthless workout video , and is just plain white instead of some flashy color and a big name logo.If you know what you are doing these things work out the knots in your muscles and help stretch those tight ligaments and hamstrings . A must have if your gains are being hampered by your body 's ability to endure and recover from intense workouts .
 This was more reasonably priced than the one available through my physical therapist , but really did the job . Using it for yin yoga and to help with a shoulder problem .
 Great Tool to help cope with ITB issues . This product was recommended to me by a RN.It really helps .
 exactly what i expected ... hardest part is getting started but it is what i wanted . . videos online show me how to use
 This roller has helped me work out sore muscles and tendons that I ca n't reach without it . The price was right and it came very quickly , trhanks a lot !
 I like the length for laying with it under the spine to give a good stretch . At first I thought it would be too firm for quadriceps rolling and IT band rolling , but it is just right .
 I spent a long time researching foam rollers . I knew I wanted one dense enough to hold up to regular use . When I saw the low price on the 36 `` x6 '' size I was skeptical . Many of the reviews I read lead me to believe I had to spend much more to get a good quality foam roller . I have DDD , 3 herniated discs and arthritis in my lumbar spine so my exercise routine is what keeps me going . This one fits the bill perfectly . I 've been using the roller for about 6 weeks now with no evidence of flattening . I suffer from muscle spasms in my upper and mid back due to the problems in my lower back . This roller is great not only for stretching but for self myofascial release . Nothing else lets me get to my mid back like this . I 've even taken it on vacation because it 's so much easier to transport than an exercise ball . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a good quality foam roller .
 I love my foam roller . I used to use foam rollers at my gym but the convenience of having my own at home is great . Since it 's the summer , I do many of my runs outside near my home and the foam roller really helps with sore muscles and recovery time .
 This roller looks like it will last a long time , so I consider it a bargain . The foam looks kinda like soap bubbles , which was not what I expected , but the large cells make it just a little bit squishy -- perfect for sore muscles .
 Bought the roller and find out the roller to be different than the picture showed on Amazon . It 's still white except it 's not in smooth surface . Then , I compliant to the seller . He took care of me quickly and refund me without having me returning the roller to him . Anyway , I have n't lost anything but time . At least I get a free roller although it 's not what I expected . So , just note that this roller is not smooth surface .
 On some reviews people said their roller was hollow hard and black . This was perfect , solid , no holes firm but not hard and Very reasonable price ! It was white too !
 I 'm new to foam rolling - started it a month ago with my P90X2 routine . I bought the official P90X2 grey roller , but needed a second since my husband and I are both doing the routine . This roller is longer than the grey one that comes with P90X2 -LRB- that 's a plus , especially for my 6 ' 4 '' husband -RRB- but just as firm and comfy -LRB- and a lot cheaper -RRB- . The point of this is to roll you trouble spots on the roller to ease out any muscle discomfort . The first time I did it I felt ridiculous rolling around in odd positions on the floor , but now I love it ! I use this on my lower back -LRB- chronic disc pain -RRB- and neck most often and it really helps the ache go away for a long time . It 's also great for upper back/lat soreness . If you 've never foam rolled before and have aches , I really recommend this roller .
 This is the same roller that I purchased from my Chiropractor 's office , but for about $ 13 cheaper . I ordered it for my dad , who also has back and hip problems , and he 's been using it with success since . Good for digging into muscle spasms as well as doing strengthening exercises .
 This foam roller is as I expected it to be . I have had no problems with it since I purchased it .
 I use this to relieve IT Band syndrome . It works well , but out of the box it 's extremely hard . It 's perfect for the price I paid , but if you 're willing to spend more , the blue ones are better -LRB- I use the blue ones in Physical Therapy -RRB-
 My wife wanted one of these rollers to complement her exercise routine and they were using these in one of her classes . We received it quickly and it was exactly as the ones they sell at the gym - only much less . Thank you !
 Works great and much cheaper than the other ones available.This has really helped with sore muscles . Would buy again .
 I needed a dense foam roller to do some at-home physical therapy for my knee , and this roller does the job great ! It 's also , by far , cheaper than any other foam rollers of the same size that I could find online .
 I 'm no expert on foam rolling -LRB- having only recently heard about it -RRB- but my chiropractor recommended it when I asked him about it . I do n't have IT band problems but am always looking for useful -LRB- and inexpensive -RRB- techniques to increase my flexibility and enhance my P90X training regimen . My chiropractor loaned me one of his while I waited the week for this one to arrive -LRB- for which he says he paid more than twice the cost of this product -RRB- and honestly I like this one quite a bit better than his more expensive one . His seemed too hard for me personally but this one , while it 's solid and holds its shape perfectly , seems to have just the right amount of give to make using it much more bearable . It really does seem to work - I feel nice & loose and relaxed afterwards , and it helps relieve low back tension in between my chiropractic adjustments . Excellent product , great price , highly recommended . -LRB- And I checked prices on Exertools ' web site and Amazon is definitely the better value . -RRB-
 This is the perfect foam roller . I recommend this over the shorter ones , you can do a lot more with it & you do n't need to adjust your position like you do the ones half this size .
 ITBS is absolutely no fun - and a real SOB to get rid of . This product will actually help , although the first few times you use it , you might think it 's just plain torture and must have been part of the Marquis de Sade 's arsenal.There are videos on youTube showing this used , and the folks demonstrating either do not have ITBS or they have mastered the art of not showing pain . It 'll range from uncomfortable to @ # $ ! . Stick it out . It actually does help . Buy some Traumeel ointment too.Traumeel Ointment 100 Gm TubeThis combination worked for me . I hope it works for you - there are no guarantees in life and everyone 's body reacts differently.As my dad used to say - `` Free advice is worth exactly what you pay for it . ''
 Prior to purchasing this item I had used a similar foam roller in physical therapy for remedial spinal exercise . I knew that the product needed to bear my weight -LRB- 172 lbs -RRB- without collapsing or flattening . It had to retain its rigidity to be effective . I could n't be certain from the literature exactly how sturdy it would be . Given the asking price , it would be a real value if it measured up to quality requirements . I decided to risk it.I was not disappointed . The roller has in no way deformed after repeated use . It has retained its shape and rigidity.The item was well-packed for shipment and arrived in a timely manner . I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 Just like the rollers you can find in the gym nowadays , it could have been red , blue , or padded with fabric , but this was the simple white medium density foam . In fact , I realized that it is the packaging material you can find in the TV monitor or computer packages.I was reluctant of the medium density of the products before I ordered it . And , I did not want to spend double the money to get 8inch roller either . Somehow thinking that 6inch medium density roller can not endure long for heavy weighted person over 200 pounds-not me though.When it arrived , it was delivered by FedEx after 2 days . And , my reluctance was all gone by the time I laid my back on it . The medium density is in fact better for your back muscles as it is slightly cushy . The size was still perfect keeping my back closer to the floor . If it was an 8inch one , your back would be bent more , and one could hurt his back losing the control.in all , though I thought it was slightly expensive -LRB- SH -RRB- , I am very satisfied with what I get here . No back massage is required and it is great for your core strength exercise at home.Money well-spent !
 Offer in another color , perhaps ? Helpful for my upper arm/back extensions and stretching . Thus , I 'm very satisfied :-RRB- Thank you .
 A physical therapist recommended this roller to help in stretching exercises . It has helped in shoulder , arm , and leg stretches .
 Awesome , been using for my legs for ? about a year now ? They have resolved the pain in my knees that I had been experiencing . Wish that I had known about this &#34; technology &#34; a long time ago . Who needs to spend $ 40 on the same thing , this one works great !! I actually cut it in two , now i have two !!
 I couldnt see myself spending $ 30 + for the name brand foam rollers . I used this roller for my IT Band due to IT Band Syndrome . I would say this is a beginners roller . Not too hard but not too soft . Worked great . Over the summer I was running a moderate amount -LRB- 12-15 miles -RRB- . The roller lasted me about 6 months before it started to break down -LRB- started to mold -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , it still has its shape and I still use it . Eventually I had to use pvc but this is a good buy .
 Used this product at my Physical Therapist office and she recommended that I can use it at home to help my neck and back . Great product !!!
 Physical therapy introduced me to the foam roll . This one does the job and is better priced than rolls in the stores in my area .
 This definitely works on getting the the IT band loosened up . Hurts the first few time you use it since your IT band will probably be VERY tight , but well worth it .
 I 'm in physical therapy for a bicep and rotator cuff tear so whatever they have i tried to have to ensure I 'm exercising at home to increase my mobility and 100 % range of motion . So this was my latest find . I was glad to save more than $ 20 . Great price & it was delivery in no time !!! .
 I am only 34 years old , but I 've had lower back problems for years . I believe this is because I am flat footed . In the past I would always take aspirin/ibuprofen to easy the pain until I started reading more and more people recommending foam rollers for muscle aches . I decided to get one myself and try it . We now anytime I have back pain -LRB- which is almost every day -RRB- I just roll on this thing for about 15 seconds and voila ! pain magically goes away . I was also having pain on the my inner calf from running . I tried tried to relieve it with this and it also made the pain go away ! I really am happy that I know longer have to take aspirin/ibuprofen because I 've read taking too much ibuprofen may cause stomach ulcers .
 Best 15 bucks I 've ever spent . I work out my IT bands , my lower and upper back , and my hips . I was surprised at how hard it was initially , but now that I 'm used to it it 's perfect . Feel amazing on the neck and base of the neck.I 'd thought about getting one of much more expensive products , and maybe I will one day , but this this is fantastic .
 This item is great to help with any back troubles you may have plus there is many other exercises you can do with it as well . I got this because I have been doing physical therapy for over a month due to some back issues and it has helped me a hundred percent ! Recommend , also will help you line up your spine so less trips to the chiropractor ! Fast shipping !
 Needed a foam roller for pre - and post - workout soft tissue work . I was a little surprised at the cost of these , given that they are made of seemingly low-cost materials and I do n't imagine the manufacturing process to be all that more complicated than making styrofoam packing peanuts . I took a chance that this roller - one of the least expensive ones on the site - could stand up to the rigors of me rolling around on it day after day . I 've been using it for a couple of months now , and I think it works well . I guess it 's job is to be round , apply firm pressure to the spots I am rolling , and keep it 's shape . I think it is doing these things as well as other rollers I 've used at the gym that I 've seen on here to be selling for a considerably higher price .
 The 6 '' x 36 '' Foam Roller is an effective tool for strengthening abdominals and lower back muscles . I learned exercises from my physical therapist and then purchased the roller and continue to do the exercises at home after my therapy ended . It 's just what the doctor order and gives me relief as soon as I lay on it !
 My chiropractor recommended the foam core roll.When I sit too long , my body gets stiff.So three times a day , I roll up and down my spine three times.It relieves the stiffness immediately .
 Its a great product for the price . It solves the purpose . When I ordered initially I had a thought its cheap and may not be good . But later it found to be a good one . Some of reviews talk about its not having good quality etc. . I think this item fits the need and its study and well made . Again it wont be great for people who want a hard roller .
 Using this item is a great way to stretch and increase flexibility and balance . It is the perfect length and diameter to reach down the back from head to lower spine . I found exercises online but it would be great if they were included with the roller .
 I bought this foam roller on the advice of my physical therapists for my Thorasic Outlet Syndrome . The shoulder stretches that I have to do using this product really increased my range of motion and decreased my pain . The price of the product also decreased the pain in my wallet .
 So far so good . I wanted to try the foam rolling experience without investing too much , and this met my needs . The 36 '' make it easy to find solid support on even broad body parts and the foam density is nice and `` beginner '' . It 's not too hard or too soft , although I can see myself upgrading to a super dense foam after a year or so . All in all , a good deal on a good product .
 I think you need someone who knows how to use this show you what to do ... but it 's a neat product ... great for rolling the fascia , muscles , and bones of the back .
 I needed a roller and looked everywhere and then found it at AmazonI bought and it was at my door within days . I liked the packagingeasy to open and not much trash
 Great roller . Seems sturdy like it will hold up to a lot of use . Only time will tell , but we are very happy with this purchase !
 I just wanted to say that I received the item pratically the day after ordering , in perfect condition and at the best price I could find on the net . Thanks !
 I use this product to help stretch out my IT band and it works wonders . I use it every day . I would strongly suggest it to anyone . It 's a great way to stretch out tight muscles .
 I received my product sooner than it was stated . The product was exactly as I ordered ; and even with shipping was less than half what it would have cost for a roller half the size . I am very pleased .
 I use this primarily to stretch my IT band , and it 's just what I wanted !
 we all use this ! i have a husband , 11 year old and an 8 year old and we all use this !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 The watch was received very quickly . Could nt be happier with the servce and quality f the watch .
 I recently purchased this blanket and am very satisfied with the quality of this product . The blanket is not a thin , flimsy , blanket , rather it is a very heavy , sturdy blanket that will last for a very long time .
 I was very pleased with the product for three reasons . The seller 's description was quite accurate . The reviews were also helpful and accurate . The seller 's customer service was excellent in addition to shipping promptly . P.S. To all you prospective buyers
 Very well made and versatile . A little smaller than it looked in the photo , but it holds a lot.The hydration bladder seems well made and the fact that the drinking tube detaches from the bottommakes it easier to clean and dry out . You could use a Camelback bladder in this pack if you chose to.Overall , the pack is made better than most camping day packs that cost far more . The only con ... the retention strap at the bottom is a little short , but its not really necessary unless its on a small child . Highly recommended .
 I got four of these for my family . Was n't sure how good they would be because of the low cost . Once I got them I was surprised at how great they are . Good quality pack with plenty of storage for a day hike . The bladder it comes with is well made also . I am super happy with this purchase . I found this exact same pack at a local surplus store and they are charging double the price which is well worth it . I give this set up 5 stars because you ca n't beat this deal for quality and price . I got 4 of these for the price I would have paid for 1 name-brand pack of equal quality .
 I 've never written a review , because there 's really nothing I 've bought that was n't what I expected . Not in this case . I 've served in the military and while deployed in the Gulf , we lived or died by these hydration units . I have to say , almost all of us used ones made by Camelback . Always great , always reliable , but usually on the pricier side . Now I work in the Arizona sun and needed one more than ever . After a lot of research and reviews , I chose this one despite only have two reviews -LRB- both good -RRB- . The seller took a few days to process the order , but once they did , I received it fast . The pack itself is way better than what I expected for $ 30 . Really well constructed , much bigger -LRB- compartment wise -RRB- than I expected and very comfortable . Has mesh pockets on the inside and study Molle webbing on the outside . It has very tough zippers and just about everything is double stitched . I do n't think I 'll be needing a new pack for a long time . Matter of fact , I will be buying a couple more to store in our emergency supplies . My recommendation ... get one before they realize the true value of their product and jack up the price !
 TheOnGuard Bulldog ATB 5011 Bicycle Bicycle U-Lockhas been working great so far . No problems whatsoever . Lock is sturdy , and smooth to operate -LRB- I dropped it once and it still works just fine -RRB- . I appreciate the extra set of keys it comes with . Mounting mechanism though is hard 2 work with . Once mounted , it 's hard to release without a lot of effort . It definitely needs a better design . Also , their `` anti-theft protection offer '' of $ 1501 is useless , because , if I understand their legal terms accurately , the offer is only valid when someone breaks the lock with their bare hands or tweaked the locking mechanism to unlock it ! Come on , how many criminals out there will spend time trying to snap a 13mm hardened steel bar with their bare hands -LRB- or teeth ? -RRB- ! But I understand the company 's predicament as well . In any case , the lock itself is far better than a cable lock , because anybody can cut a cable with a bolt cutter -LRB- I had to do it 2 my own after I accidently tripped the lever to permanently lock it ! -RRB- . Definitely recommend it . God bless you .
 I definitely have no real complaints . The lock is nice and big , so I can loop it through my front tire , the rack , and my bike frame . I gave up on its little holder . It is heavy to have in my bag , but I also am usually carrying textbooks as well , so the extra weight is negligible . The area I use my bike in is n't the worst neighborhood in the world , but I 'm glad I have something that looks so durable just in case .
 The lock works great , the sliding lock cover is a nice touch . It 's long enough and wide enough to fit around a wide pole and my mountain bike . Smooth operation of the lock mechanism and easy to use . The only downside , as others have mentioned , is the bike mount holder for the lock . Very poor design and does n't work very well . I 've used a rubber shim between the strap and my bike and still it vibrates loose . The lock shakes around a lot when mounted on the bike and does not feel secure . I 've ended up using a velco strap to secure it , otherwise I can see this lock falling off the bike . Bring back the old school U-Lock bike mounts - those worked great . Other than that , the lock is great . I recommend it .
 this lock is heavy , but it does the job . definitely a sturdy lock . bulky , but good .
 But the coating around the metal is not very thick . I hang them on my handle bar while I cycle and with every bump on the road , a scratch is made on the coating of the lock . But it 's still a very sturdy lock . Recommend it .
 This is by far the cheapest good lock you can get . The comparably priced Kryptonite is 1mm thinner and is 4 `` x8 '' to this lock 's 5 `` x9 '' . If you 're like me and commute or just ride to all sorts of places , then you 've had the problem where the lock , bike , and post/rack fit really tight . You 've probably scratched up your frame before or had to lock your bike further than you 'd like to just to get it locked to something.This is where this lock is superior to Kryptonite locks and many other manufacturers . The width of the `` U '' is 5 '' rather than 4 '' . That extra inch makes all the difference . It was originally intended for people to lock front-wheel to frame/back-wheel on mountain bikes which are typically thicker in every way than road bikes.Of course you can always buy the longer locks , but they 're usually more expensive and much larger than needed . That extra 3 '' means it does n't fit on tucked in my belt -LRB- without striking my bike wheel -RRB- and it takes up that much more room in my bag . And it still does n't solve the problem of a wider frame and wider wheels in a tight spot.There seem to be a lot of comments on the `` coating '' of the `` U '' itself . As a former mechanic , let me break it to you
 This is a very good lock in this price range . The rubber shield on the outside prevents rust and the light on the key fob is useful at night . The only downside is the key . You must make sure to insert the key all the way before turning , otherwise you might bent the key .
 This lock is a very nice lock for the price . It definitely was a little heavier than I expected but nothing that was a big issue . The lock I received partly yellow unlike the picture , but that is okay even though I would have preferred all black . I have not noticed any issues with the key and the lock as of yet . Will update if I have any issues with this lock as I continue to use it .
 Great lock . One small problem -LRB- otherwise amazing -RRB- is that I can see how someone in a rush or frustrated could break the key off because it will not turn if it is not properly lined up . Otherwise great for getting around small trees , poles or pretty much anything you need to lock your bike to.I was debating between this one and a smaller one . After biking around the city , I could not be happier with my choice.I ride on pretty bad roads and the lock has stayed in the holder through the deepest of potholes.Great price too .
 The OnGuard Bulldog Mini 5013TC is a very strong , high quality mini U-lock , perfect for use in low to medium crime areas . After a long search that involved reading online reviews , articles , and comments on bike forums I settled on this lock as my best choice . It has worked out well.Any U-lock , even heavy top of the line locks from OnGuard and Kryptonite , can be cut with power tools in a few minutes . Still , those power tools make a hell of a racket , and most thieves want to avoid attention . If you live surrounded by neighbors who consider bicycle theft using power tools to be entertaining performance art , the Bulldog Mini is probably not the lock for you.For those of us who live in lower crime areas , where the thieves use manual tools , the best mini U locks -LRB- such as the Kryptonite and OnGuard minis -RRB- can provide protection equal or superior to heavier , more expensive U-locks against brute force attacks . The mini locks do n't provide enough space for a thief to insert a large metal bar or a jack , so he ca n't apply the force necessary to quickly break the lock . The Bulldog Mini is strong enough to resist bolt cutters and the other standard attacks . Still , one should keep in mind that a thief with a good hacksaw , some spare blades , plenty of time , and a strong arm can eventually saw through the shackle of any U lock . It is best to park your bike in a location where such activity would be noticed.All the Bulldog Mini 's surfaces are covered with plastic , to prevent scratching the bike . The lock comes with a carrying bracket that attaches to the bike frame . Five flat keys are provided , including one key with a built-in light . The 3.5 '' x 5.5 '' measurement cited in the ad describes the inside of the U locking area , not the entire lock . The lock is large enough to go around a good-sized knobby mountain bike tire and a standard parking meter post . The most recent version of the 5013TC looks a bit different from the old , with a more cylindrical crosspiece and different coloring
 I purchased both this lock , and theKryptonite Evolution Series 4 Standard Bicycle U-Lock with Bracket -LRB- 4-Inch x 9-Inch -RRB- . These are the two locks that are considered to be near the top of the list for U-Lock security.The very top is theKryptonite New York Fahgettaboutit Mini Bicycle U-Lock -LRB- 3.25 x 6-Inch -RRB- , but I decided against that one due to weight and cost issues . My bike is old and new was only about $ 1000 when new , and so it is n't going to be the target that a more expensive bike would be.Between this lock and the Kryptonite Series 4 , both are high security . The reason I was in the market for a lock was that I had a cheap U lock cut with a pair of bolt cutters by an apartment manager unhappy that I had locked a bike to a railing . He sliced through that cheap U-lock silently , like butter , and both of these locks have been tested against that and neither lock was cuttable by bolt cutters . However , both can be defeated by a determined thief with power tools and a couple of minutes.Both locks give you several sets of keys -LRB- at least 4 -RRB- and let you either write down a code or register the code and they 'll send free keys if you ask . Both locks include one lighted key , but the thing is huge and takes up so much room on my key chain that I took it off because I 've really never needed the dim light it provides . Nice concept , but worthless - you can feel the key hole if it 's pitch black.Neither lock has a decent mounting system . They both come included with one that really only works on a 21 '' frame , the biggest bike for the tallest riders , because it needs too much space to pull out to mount it on the seat tube . Me and everyone else I 've seen just ends up hanging the lock over their handlebars . The lock is rubber coated so it wo n't scratch your handlebars . If you do that , and you will , be sure to remove the mounting piece on the U lock that clicks into the mounting bracket . Click the bracket onto it and twist the mounting piece off . The mounting piece can be seen as the thick collar over the left post of the U lock where it meets the cross piece.There are three basic differences between this lock and the series 4 . First is the size . The Bulldog barely fits over my mountain bike tire and the smallest pole , like those used for no parking signs . It DOES fit over a parking meter , but many parking meters have had a pipe slipped over the pole that holds them to prevent people from hacksawing the meter off and this lock will not fit over that outer pipe . The series 4 is big enough to fit everything . UPDATE May 2009
 The newer Bulldog MINI is distinguished by TWO yellow end caps and a different mounting bracket using a metal piece on the U-lock . Apart from the bracket , OnGuard claims the difference is mostly cosmetic , but OnGuard also indicates that the anti-theft insurance and guarantee terms differ between these versions . Moreover , OnGuard flatly states that the newer version of the Bulldog MINI is the one that should be purchased if this model is desired . If/when this seller distributes the new version , the photo should be changed . Note that the new Bulldog MINI list price is $ 35 list price , and that is the price for which it is sold at local recreational equipment stores . So paying that much -LRB- w / shipping -RRB- for an older version might not be the best deal .
 In terms of durability and strength , this is a great lock . However , the mini size , designed to cut down on the leverage space between your bicycle and the rack , also make this a challenging fit for larger framed bikes . I have a women 's Giant Cypress -LRB- a hybird -RRB- and there 's no way this lock will fit around the hefty frame , the wider quick-release tire and the bike rack . The lock will fit around the frame and rack alone.If you 're concerned about securing a quick-release tire on a mountain bike or hybrid in addition to the frame -LRB- say you live in a college town where kids like to steal things regardless of value just for the heck of it -RRB- you may want to consider one of OnGuards larger locks or this lock in combination with a cable lock to secure any parts that are less tempting targets yet are quick and easy to remove .
 I 've had this lock now for 2 months . Previously I had a larger ` standard sized ' U-lock , and a cable lock that I often used in conjunction . On impulse I bought this Onguard Lock based on the amazon reviews . This size is perfect . It fits into your bag , without taking over your bag . Or I stick it into my back pocket . Seriously I do n't even notice it in my back pocket . I lock my bike all over Minneapolis and I feel secure . But one thing , compared to the old O-ring style keys that you could twist around all day long , the key on this lock is not as strong as I 'd like . The keys are long and very thin at points , so you could break them in the lock . But all that means is that I have to take a little care when locking the bike . Definitely not a deal breaker . I recommend this lock . '' I figure anyone prepared to break a U-Lock is prepared to break any U-lock so why carry more weight than is useful . ''
 Several aspects of the Bulldog MINI U-Lock make it a very good choice for the commuter in areas where moderate security is adequate . First , the lock is compact , easy to transport in most types of bike-mounted bags or packs , or on the frame mount -LRB- not used by this reviewer -RRB- . The compact size is just right for a single point connection of a frame component to a heavy duty ` U ' rack or a parking meter . It wo n't fit around the trunks of even small street trees - this is not usually a problem , since street signs and other urban elements offer plenty of casual anchorage points in most areas when bike racks are missing or full . Second , the lock is light-weight by U-lock standards , so it wo n't feel like a ship 's anchor in your bike bag or on the mount . Third , the plastic finish coat and end caps are easy on your bike . And fourth , the five keys including a lighted key that are provided with the lock offer more lost or spare key convenience than is probably warranted.In all , a solid , economical choice .
 The same price or less than a cheaper `` no-name '' U-Bolt lock from a discount store . And living in the mid-west -LRB- close to the distribution center -RRB- even with `` Free Shipping '' on orders of $ 25 or more , it only took THREE DAYS!I already had a good cable - so combined with this OnGuard Bulldog MINI , most thieves will simply look elsewhere . Any bike is susceptible to theft now-a-days . Does n't matter if you have a $ 75 discount store bike , a $ 750 performance hybrid or a $ 7,500 road bike - lock it up . All bikes need a good lock.Edit
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This protects your rear wheel and frame while allowing more flexibility than frame locking . To get the u lock out by taking the wheel off the thieves would have to either wreck the frame by bending the dropouts tremendously , which would defeat the purpose of taking the bike in most cases , or cut the rear wheel open , which is no small feat.Or has this method been rendered obsolete by some new thief strategy I do n't know about?Also
 This does the job , but I 'm not blown away by it . I found the on-bike storage clip to be hard to assemble in such a way that keeps it from getting loose -LRB- I followed the diagrams , which I did n't think I 'd need for such a simple installation -RRB- . I ca n't figure out how to lock my bike in a way that 's secure so that it fits well without using an extra wire lock , which defeats the whole purpose of buying this . If you have a bike with shocks on it , consider buying the full-size ; that might be the issue with mine . It 's a stocky mountain bike and I think it requires a larger lock . Also , the locking mechanism is n't smooth ; it requires two hands and some finagling . I gave it four stars instead of three because despite my other issues -LRB- which may , admittedly , be user issues -RRB- , it seems sturdy enough to keep someone from easily hacking through it and that helps me sleep better at night .
 This lock is a very convenient size , comes at a great price , and did in fact come as the newer version -LRB- distinguished by two yellow caps at the end -RRB- . I feel safe with it on my bike anywhere public , but there are downsides
 Perfect size for the Sheldon Brown technique . Better mechanism than more expensive Kryptonites . Perfect !
 all in all i 'm very happy with this product . Comes with a nifty clip-on frame mount that keeps the lock off your paint , 5 keys -LRB- which is perfect if your like me and tend to misplace things -RRB- including one that has a built in light , and it is very sturdy and light . My only complaint is that it is a little bit of a tight fit for larger bikes and is best used solely on the frame . If you have expensive wheels your best off pairing this with a chain lock for max security .
 After an error from Fedex - which was not the shipper 's fault - I received my lock . It is sturdy and strong , and - in retrospect - well worth the wait . Yes ... this is a great lock . Worth every penny . I will shop via bikesomewhere.com again .
 I am happy to report this bike lock is easy to use and my bike has not yet been stolen .
 I own this and the standard bulldog lock which is huge , heavy and hard to carry . It seems like the onguard locks are built better than the kryptonite locks and the local shop even recommended the onguard locks over kryptonite . The small size makes it really easy to carry because the lock holder is crap . Overall I 'm super happy with it , its definitely worth the 30 bucks I paid for it .
 I wo n't reiterate what everyone else has been saying about this lock . It 's a really good and sturdy lock without the weight . But there are a couple of minor complaints that I have.Con : - The lock has two yellow covers on both ends of the lock , unlike the photo . This poses a problem because the yellow covers are plastic and tend to move around . This can lead to the cover of the holes becoming blocked and the lock can not get in . But it is easy to move it back to the way it was , so not a big problem at all , just a minor one . - At you can see from the photo , the left side of the lock has an attachment on it that attaches to the bike . The problem with this is that the attachment slips off sometimes when the lock is unlocked . Although you can simply take the attachment off , that part of the lock is thinner than the rest of the lock , making it look weak.Overall , a very good lock , just those two minor problems .
 This is an excellent little lock that I use nearly every day . The locking mechanism seems a tiny bit fragile , but as long as you 're careful it should be fine . The two yellow ends on the lock eventually began tearing so I ripped them off , surprisingly I think it looks better being all black . I feel comfortable locking my bike up overnight with this lock , and I suggest locking it based on what a previous reviewer had suggested -LRB- the back wheel through the frame triangle -RRB- . The bike mount system works ok , and looks slightly cheap , but gets the job done . Overall , this is an excellent lock for an excellent price .
 I like the smaller size , I have n't had any problems so far finding something to lock it to that you might expect and it fits easily in my frame . Having all those extra keys is a great backup , and in a couple months of daily usage I have n't had any of the keys snap off in the lock . One of the keys is also integrated with a LED light , which is really handy ! This is definitely sturdier than my old cable lock which jammed , highly recommended .
 I am very impressed with the OnGuard Bulldog MINI . It is not too heavy , but feels very solid . It comes with a large key with an LED light , and four non-lighted spares ! Also has a nice mounting bracket with very user-friendly instructions and lots of pictures.I actually use it to lock up my Segway 's `` LeanSteer '' frame for extra protection in shady areas . I was n't sure if it would work , but the mounting bracket is very adjustable.Highly recommended !
 Otherwise this is a good lock for the money . I have a second cable lock I use as well , so my bike is just a little more locked than the one next to it . Plus the $ 1501 insurance is nice . I really like that the bracket is adjustable with screws , rather than velcro like some other models . I do n't think it will rattle very much at all . We 'll see .
 I did n't read through the manual before my installation , and that 's how the tragedy started . . The lock holder uses a strap to fasten it to the seat tube . Pull the strap out of the slot , wrap it around your seat tube , and put it back to the slot again . Now you can fasten the bolt on the lock holder . DO NOT TOUCH the bolt before you have the strap wrapped around your seat tube , otherwise you will never get it out of there . This is like a one-time-use design .
 Apparently this lock works . My bike is n't super fancy , especially compared to some of the other bikes I park by and see but I still have it after about 3 months of using this lock in the city.It does n't look as it does in the picture -LRB- there 's yellow on both ends and they are rubber covers which , if absent , you could see the prongs of the lock through -RRB- . It comes with one huge key with a light -LRB- which I do n't use -RRB- and 4 spare keys . I carry one of the spares and it works well.I do n't attach it to my bike for riding because the mechanism to attach it did n't seem to want to work . I gave up.Overall , it 's worth it and it works . It fits the tire and the frame through it with most bike racks . It 's hard to fit more than just the frame and a pole if not using a bike rack . I sometimes wish it were longer but longer would also mean heavier and then I 'd have something else to complain about .
 No compaints , except , the little bracket that is on the lock that slides into the attachment on the bike to hold it in place can get loose and cause the lock to swing from side to side alittle . But besides that , its a great lock and I would buy it again .
 When it comes to bicycle looks , every choice you make is a trade off . Top of the line locks are pricey , and also heavier and more cumbersome to carry . Less expensive and more lightweight locks are easier for a thief to bypass.Overall this particular U-lock offers a good balance of weight , security and price . In low to moderate crime areas it is perfectly serviceable on it 's own . In high crime areas , it should be used in conjunction with a more robust chain lock , which would provide an extra layer of security that a thief would have to overcome.Either way , it 's a good value either as a main lock in lower crime areas , or as a secondary lock in areas where bike theft is a bigger concern .
 It 's a good lock with a good attaching mechanism . However , it was a lot smaller than it seemed to look from the picture . Make sure you understand the dimensions of this product before ordering .
 After removing the ugly yellow plastic pieces , this lock was perfect . It 's small enough to fit into your back pocket -LRB- depending on your jeans -RRB- and big enough to lock to most bike racks . I like that the key stays in and wo n't fall out until it 's locked .
 Very strong and durable bicycle lock - I have used it now for some time and would buy it again .
 Edited 6/25/2012
 It was this or the Kryptonite Evo mini and I went with this because the only real complaints I read about were the occasional key getting jammed but this is cured with what anyone would have buying this-chain lube . Unlike the Evo the Bulldog locks on BOTH ends which is both more secure and easier to remove as one can pull the bar straight out rather than angle it about the curved end . From what I 've read the Bulldog has a superior lock mech although it has been raised whether the bar itself is also hardened steel but to be honest if someones tryng to defeat this lock its gon na take awhile and be really obvious and I do n't plan on using this to lock my bike overnight somewhere . Bottom line is this is just as effective as the Evo , a touch bigger which is both good and bad ; its easier to lock up your bike but maybe more difficult fitting in your pocket . I removed the rubber on the U and it slides in/out easy now . Finaly , the price is what finalized my decision-this is way cheaper . Hell , I paid maybe a total of $ 30 while my LBS is selling the Evo for $ 75 plus tax ... simple choice .
 My daughter has been practing and has come a long ways in gymnastics . I made a great buy and I look forward to the next . The service was wonderful and the delivery was so shocking fast ... I am amazed . Thank you , Nellie
 I bought this 8 ' low beam and z-fold mat combo directly from The Beam Store -LRB- pink beam and purple mat was the only change I made -RRB- . I made the purchase on a Tuesday midday . The set arrived that very Saturday via their standard shipping methods -LRB- FedEx Ground/Home Delivery -RRB- . It took us 30 minutes to put the low legs on -LRB- mostly due to having an overly excited 7 year old ` helping ' -RRB- ... but it went together smoothly and easily.The mat is well made , and the beam is just stunning . My 7 year old is thrilled to have the set in the house and is already practicing her routines from gymnastics class at home . She says this beam is ` softer ' than the one at her gym ... I 'm not sure if she 's meaning the padding , or the feel of the material ... but either could be a distinct difference due to the sheer wear and usage of any beam you 'll see in a gym , vs a brand new piece . Either way , I 'm perfectly fine with it being a bit ` softer ' at home ... gives her more padding so she can work the moves harder before she transfers them back to the high beam at the gym.The set fits well along the side wall area of our living room so she can have it out all the time , but it 's not in the middle of the walking path of the house . It was the same price whether we bought ` standard ' colors -LRB- beige beam , blue mat -RRB- or went with something unique . I 'm happy to have gone with the unique route ... why not let her gym equipment be tailored for her tastes , if it 's the same price as standard colors ? She 's already taken to walking her beam and mimicking the college gymnasts on ESPN where she can.My ONLY concern is that the legs of the low beam bring it up off the floor exactly 2 '' , which is the thickness of the mat in this combo . At times it seems the beam is resting on the mat ... but when we graduate up later this year or early next and buy the 12 '' legs to raise it -LRB- already predrilled for the higher legs ... woot !!! -RRB- , it 'll no longer be an issue.For home practice , this is a perfect option !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 Shoppers , please take time to read this reveiw . + I bought this gun as because it is sold much lower in price then many others I visited . Above is a reveiw by some weird guy -LRB- the anti-airsplat guy -RRB- that does not know how to write a reveiw , and enjoys confusing people . HE HAS WROTE THE EXACT SAME REVIEW FOR 8 OTHER GUNS AND A SCOPE , ALL PRODUCTS OF AIRSPLAT . I have no idea what a kittykat is supposed to be , but he is quite planly trying to use fancy words so people believe him , a tactic I often use to win an everday arguement , but not honest I admit , so do n't fall for it people!Anyways , about the gun , It is mostly made of smooth , strong plastic . but I need to highlight a place in the gun where the pl-astic is quite cheap.It is the handle thing on the top of the gun in front of the scope , this is cheap , if you buy the gun do not hold the gun by this , IT WILL SNAP . The gun is a heavy 5 pounds of weight , so do n't expect this flimsey piece of plastic to hold it up , same with with the stupid strap that comes with the gun , I attached that piece of junk to the gun and slung it over my sholder the first time , only to have the clip on the top snap and drop my gun . The scope is garbage , it help with the aiming as much as it magnifys.And when it says that the clip holds 70 IT WRONG the clip holds a terible 32 , which is usless for an auto . I 'm buying two clips right now that hold 300 each that clip together elsewhere.Well enough about the downsides of the gun , here is the good stuff.The gun shoots a great 330 fps -LRB- with .20 bbs -RRB- - to 420 fps -LRB- with .12 bbs -RRB- . It has a metel tip of the barrel . the stock is great , and it can extended or go back . the speed loader is cool , the battary compartment is in the grip in the front of the gun , and charges in about 4-6 hours.In all , a good buy , as long as you :1 . Do n't buy from airsplat2 . Get new clip -LRB- s -RRB- 3 . Use .20 + bbs for best aim
 This gun is a heavyweight rifle with extreme accuracy , but the magazine capacity is about 40 , not 70 . It comes with a speed loader , which is nice , and my only complaint is that one of the clips on the sling broke the first time I tried to attach it . The scope does not zoom , and it does not have any crosshairs , so if that bothers you , then buy a different gun .
 First if you read the review below , it mentions NOTHING of the gun . Just the service of airsplat . The person below obviously does not know how to use the reviews . I even found more of that same post on other items on the site . Now for the gun . Its mostly made of high-impact plastic-some of it is cheap plastic . The scope doesnt zoom in at all but it does provide an easier method of sighting . It fires 320fps with .12 BBs and 260fps with .2 BBs . But the magazine is too small .
 I bought this rifle some time ago and waited until i had used it for a while before writing this review . This is what i found . The rifle is accurate but only shoots at about 270 or 280 fps . This is okay but you have to get close enough to the enemy to use it . Secondly it does better on auto . Just use short bursts on auto and you 'll be okay . Also the clip holds next to nothing and though i have not yet found another clip for it yet i would strongly suggest doing that first thing . The gun itself is sturdy and dependable . The scope does not work but as mentioned before the accuracy is great . Since the gun does not come with much instuctions at all , these are the instructions for charging it . 8-10 hours for first charge and i would still reccomend 8 for charging afterwards . I usually just charge it the night before the match . The charge will last for a full day of airsoft if you do this . The exterior is plastic but very strong . I would reccomend this gun to anyone that is considering buying it . It is a good gun .
 Shows reliable holding power . Withstood 11 ton vessel in 35 knot winds . Dries up rapidly when soaked . Allows minimal stretch . Recommend shafing protection around pilings .
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 It was a great ideal present for any football fan
 I got this for my dad for a birthday present and he was very pleased . The quality is good -LRB- nice heavy t-shirt material , not the thin stuff -RRB- and it looks good in person .
 I shopped around for a good u-lock and finally decided on the OnGuard Bulldog DT 5012 . I was originally going to go for the Onguard Brute but as soon as I picked it up , I knew right a way that this lock was n't right for me . I ca n't take a lock that weighs way more than my bike . It was very heavy at over 4 lbs but I am sure that is why it is so strong . The OnGuard Bulldog is a nice size where it is n't too big or too small . I ca n't go for the Bulldog mini because the mini wo n't fit many posts that I use . This Bulldog is just the right size ... . One poster said that he left his bike overnight in the Brooklyn projects . This is a heavy crime area and especially leaving overnight is a recipe for disaster that I think the more expensive and better secure lock would have to do . If someone is in a heavy crime area , SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY FOR THE KRYPTONITE FAHGETTABOUT U-Lock or the On-Guard Brute U-Lock . Pros :1 . 13 mm hardened steel2 . It 's not too big or too small . Its a tad bit large but it fits nicely on my Gary Fisher Marlin . Large U-Lock but that is what is needed for the posts that I attach it to . The mini bulldog would never work for me .3 . Reasonable price ! Gives solid protection for the price . If you are in the heavy crime areas , you should lug around a gigantic and heavy lock like krytonite 8 lb lock , krytonite u-lock or the onguard brute .4 . I think the Onguard Bulldog looks great . Best looking lock around ! 5 . The cable is nice to have to protect BOTH your tires . Yes , I am able to put the u-lock on my front tire , frame and post . Then I slip on the cable through the back tire to the U-lock . Cons :1 . The cable is nice but it is still a little bit short when you have a larger bulkier post . When you have that kind of large post , I do n't see the cable being long enough . Luckily , I have a longer Krytonite Cable Combination Lock that coils nicely around this U-Lock . I would definitely invest in a little bit longer cable just to be safe if you do n't always use a regular bike post . For example , there were no bike posts around so I had to use a concrete pillar as a post . I was n't able to protect both my tires and bike with the regular 4 foot cable but I was able to protect everything with the longer 6 foot Kryptonite cable that I had .
 i live in brooklyn and after doing our research my boyfriend and i decided to get this lock set - we were n't disappointed . solid quality lock that is still light and easy to bring around with you -LRB- unlike those kryptonite chains you see people riding around with wearing them like midevil torture belts -RRB- we 've never had a problem - the only thing i would want to upgrade is that the cord is a bit short for my bike , though my boyfriend ha had not problem - i just got an additional cord - no problem ...
 I bought this over a year ago and it 's worked perfectly . The lock is quite large and easy to fit around a post , through the rear wheel and around the frame and the cable is almost the perfect length to secure my front wheel and frame and around a post . I do n't live in the most theft prone area and it may be a bit of overkill , but it 's my bike and I want to keep it that way . I did n't bother putting the mounting bracket on , its a heavy large lock and I think it would be pretty difficult to build any kind of mounting system that would work , I would rather have the extra weight in my backpack than on my bike . If the size and weight are an issue , check out the bulldog mini . I own one for times when I do n't have a bag with me and it fits perfectly in my back pocket or my fabric horse lock holster and I do n't even notice it being there .
 I 've read many reviews . Ca n't say anything about others I have n't used to compare but I love this . If you 're not in a rush in setting up and using there should n't be any problems . Yes you could break a key if you force it or do n't push it in all the way . It may be weak and could be improved but so simple when used right - and there are extra keys . Try it first and you see how solid it is . I had the hardest frame to set this on , a mountain bike frame but it can be done . I always wonder if it 's the competition complaining when I read a bad review or someone that got in a hurry etc. and blames the lock . The cable is perfect , I attach to my removable seat thru removable front wheel and to the U lock and not sure what kind of cutter would get thru the cable so you decide . I do n't plan to leave it overnite in a theft area . Love it .
 This lock is very dependable . It works well , but beware , it is a tad heavy . I would reccomend carrying it in a bag . I did not use the attachment for the bike , as I can see this lock is too heavy and would break it . I rarely use both pieces together except high bike theft areas . All in all , this is a good deal on a good lock .
 This lock is heavy , that 's the only thing wrong with it . It comes with 5 sets of keys that look like car keys , and there 's a cover that slides over the key hole . I like the mounting system ... Well worth $ 25
 I will give my initial impression of this lock after purchasing it about a week ago on Amazon for twenty six dollrs . I may update this in a year or so for a long term review , which I think is more important to a prospective buyer than an initial review.The lock quality feels quite good . The fit and finish of the included 4-foot cable and the U-lock are high quality and tight upon inspection . The locking mechanism feels very secure with tight tolerances.It feels like Onguard has been responding to customer complaints regarding sticky lock mechanisms by introducing a soft click feel when the key is fully inserted . This reduces user abuse where the user twists the key before it is fully inserted , damaging the lock and key.When opening the lock , I accidentally dropped both the U and the lock bar onto concrete from about 3 feet . Everything seemed to work fine when I picked it up . I had a fifteen dollr Master U-lock seize on me when it fell off of my rear bike rack , so I was pleased with the Onguard 's durability.The included 4 foot cable lock was just long enough to secure my quick-release rear rack and my front wheel while the U-lock locks my rear wheel and frame.Overall , I am very satisfied with the quality of the lock , considering the price point . I can not compare it to more expensive locks , but I can say that the fit and finish of this lock is much better than the Master U-lock I had.In terms of security , my opinion is that the conditions surrounding the bike and lock are more important than any attribute of the lock itself -LRB- the quality of the locking mechanism or the thickness of the steel for instance -RRB- . A determined bike thief with a battery operated Dremel can open any U-lock on the market within minutes . A properly dressed bike thief with a cover story can spend hours with a hand tool in a public area , and no one would care -LRB- bit -LSB- dot -RSB- ly/bIz8HM -RRB- . The conditions under which a bike is locked
 The lock is easy to use , and the cable that comes with it is very convenient . However , the piece on the U lock that is meant to attach the U-lock to the bike frame -LRB- while riding -RRB- is loose , and occasionally slides down . This prevents the U-lock from locking .
 Great lock . Good size lock fitting the frame and rear wheel - no forcing it to fit or worrying aboutscratching the frame.Very sturdy lock - with the cable to tie the front wheel provides piece of mind especially since the frontwheel has quick release locks . I would recommend this lock .
 The U-lock is big . For me this is an upside as I can really lock the back wheel + the frame to pretty much anything.It 's a bit on the heavy side but so far I have managed to carry it in my backpack when I commute.I tried to using the quick release bracket , but I have a water bottle holder and it barely fits.Overall , it is a good lock . I live in a safe city and there 's no way my bike gets stolen with this one.This lock gave me peace of mind .
 This lock has kept my mountain bike safe around the Berkeley area for the past month . Usually I lock the back wheel and its brakes , then loop the cable through the front wheel and `` 2nd frame '' . My bike has a frame similar to -LSB- ... -RSB- - so it is difficult to lock with the traditional locking techniques.Other reviewers mentioned problems with the keys . I have n't had these issues yet , but I never force the key . There have been a couple of instances where the keys would not turn - usually the problem is from trying to lock the bike around something too large -LRB- slightly stretching the lock -RRB- or not having completely fitting the lock into the `` U '' part . Once I fix the problem the key turns easily.You get five keys - one of them has a built in flashlight . You also get a code card . This lets you register your keys , then they can send you replacements if you ever need one . There is also an anti-theft offer , BUT you must register within 15 days by sending them your receipt for the lock and a receipt or appraisal of your bike value . There are a bunch of rules that also negate the anti-theft offer -LRB- must report theft to police in 72 hrs , lock must not have been broken by power tools -RRB- , you can find the whole contract on the OnGuard Website .
 It does the job , I guess ? How do you determine the quality of a lock ? Hire a thief to try to break it ? In the 3 weeks I have used this lock , my tractor has remained on the side of the barn and I used the extra cable as a belt to hold up my jeans .
 exactly as the title states . i like the lock itself but the bracket broke within a day . not only that , i mounted the bracket wrong and there is no way to undo the bracket once you mount it . kinda silly .
 This lock is great and the extra cable is nice . Best U-lock that I 've seen . However , buy it from WalMart for $ 15 . Thats what I did ...
 This u-lock and cable combination fit the bill perfect . It was only about $ 25 which I thought was a great price for a u-lock , cable , mount kit and 5 keys . I love everything about this except the fact that I was n't able to fit it inside my frame to mount it . I would have to remove my water cage but I was n't gon na do that either . So , I just toss this in my backpack along with the cable . There are other options to mount the u-lock but did n't like those options . The cable is pretty thick and just the perfect length to be able to loop my front wheel and through the seat and to the u-lock . At first it was n't long enough but I ended up lowering my seat and that seemed to help . The keys they give you are pretty thick and are almost like a car key . They do n't seem fragile but with force might bend when trying to open or close the u-lock . At first I was having problems with u-lock and keys . I noticed that if the U shaped part of the lock is not pushed all the way to the locking mechanism it will not lock . You might break your key if you force it . So after trail and error if you push it in all the way then you will not having any problems locking or unlocking . I lock my bike at the bus station and works well for my needs . I have seen some bikes with missing seats or missing front wheels . Before I would take my seat with me on my backpack and I would take my front wheel off and lock it with the back part . Overall I like the u-lock and cable and would recommend to anyone .
 This lock is pretty good . It 's a little too short in length to fit both the rear wheel and frame around the bike post outside my local library , but it does fit with the frame . Also , the cable is just long enough to fit my 700c front tire . It came with a lot of keys , but the light up key does n't work .
 I do n't use the cable ; the lock is heavy enough on its own . The mounting mechanism is truly awful , I had it mounted vertically and the plastic broke on it after maybe a month of using it . While it worked it worked just okay . I have a friend who mounted it horizontally though , and hers has held up . I 've had it for almost a year now and I like the lock itself , I just wish I did n't have to lock it around my neck -LRB- handy that it 's big enough to do this and I can lock up two bikes with it -RRB- put it in my bag or carry it in one hand . The tiny flashlight has actually come in super handy more than once and for more than just unlocking/locking my bike . The keys seem delicate , so I am cautious with them , but I have n't had one break on me . This one gets a 4 , but if I could find a 5 , I 'd go with that next time .
 This lock is a beast . It feels sturdy and secure and has kept my bike safe . I have had no problem at all with the keys being sharp - some of the teeth are , however they are recessed into the key and have presented no problems after two weeks of use and a spot on my keychain that goes in my pocket . The lock also works perfectly and smoothly . And you get five keys , one with an LED light . Bonus . Now the cons .1 . Huge , the mounting bracket is flimsy and I have a water bottle cage - it will not mount on my 56 cm top tube specialized sirrus -LRB- road bike with commuter handle bars . -RRB- anywhere that will not interfere with my pedaling motion . Forget about the bracket if you have a waterbottle cage.-However , I use a trunk bag/panniers so this is not a problem for me and I was aware of this going in .2 . The warranty -LRB- bike replacement -RRB- is crap . You must send them the broken lock for them to honor the warranty ... Gee if someone ever steals my bike I hope the thief is nice enough to leave my lock lying around . The warranty also states the lock must be broken into and is voided if power tools such as an angle grinder , dremel , or blowtorch is used . Industry standard but still crap .
 Fast Shipping , good product , dials on the lock though are a bit hard to move
 The lock have n't seized on me like it has for other owners . I keep the lock cylinder lubed with wd-40 in hopes of it giving me years of trouble free security . one thing that sucks is that i can not find a good mounting spot for this lock . Its long , heavy and bulky so i have to carry it in my backpack but that 's a given , i ca n't expect something small and light to secure my bike in the city .
 The quality of material and the smooth key operation are some of the best features of the Bulldog DT . I have been renting scooters and bikes for years , that require this type of lock , so I know what to look for when it comes to quality and durabilty . For the price that I paid , and considering the free cable included , there was n't a better deal online .
 I have an original Krytonite-4 U-lock with the ACE II cylindrical lock that could be opened with a simple ballpoint pen tube - although the lock is strong it was too easily compromised for any real usage.In mitigation Krytonite reacted laudably back in 2004 when the vulnerability was discovered and replaced those locks , that ended Sept/2007 . Unfortunately I was not aware of the replacement program , so missed out on it.However when I contacted Kryptonite about my lock they said they would still replace it with an equivalent lock at the same charge as their regular key replacement program at $ 20 if I ship the lock back to them . This again deserves merit/recognition . But the total cost for return shipping and the $ 20 meant I really could buy a new lock for that price.Although I would buy Kryptonite again for their good reputation and policies - my research led me to OnGuard U-locks - ConsumerSearch seem to rate both Kryptonite and OnGuard well - they picked the OnGuard Bulldog DT 5012 as one of the better selections and the price at Amazon at just over $ 25 so qualified for Free shipping - was very good value.Having the cable means I can secure my front wheel to the U-lock , in turn locked onto a something immovable , rather than having to remove my front wheel to lock with the U-lock . I was obviously concerned by the negative reviews about the key/lock binding - but my key/lock seems pretty positive and easy to use - so hopefully with good lube maintenance the lock will not give me problems.My only complaint was that the lighted key came with a battery that was totally flat - but following Amazon 's instructions about defective parts I phoned OnGuard - who said they would send me a new battery.So far , the initial impressions are good - the U-lock seems sturdy and strong - certainly as good , if not better than , my original Krytonite-4 U-lock - and at a price that would have cost me to replace the Krytonite-4 , I gain the 4ft cable to help secure my front wheel more conveniently than removal and locking with the U-lock . Unfortunately it is hard to judge the strength and security of any bicycle U-lock with personal experience - unless one had a bike stolen while the lock was in use . Even that is a difficult call if the thieves used power-tools which probably can overcome most locks fairly quickly other then perhaps the Kryptonite New York Fahgettaboudit -LRB- expensive and heavy -RRB- . From reading reviews - I regard this OnGuard Bulldog DT 5012 - as better than average security , perhaps more difficult to overcome than most regular chains and definitely cable locks - but it is not invulnerable - so care in where to leave a bike is as important , if not more so , as the lock used .
 This thing is the Kong Kong of U-Locks . The useful cable that comes with this set is excellent . I believe you would need a cutting blow torch to get through this thing -LRB- the U-lock not the cable -RRB- . Thoughtful design with the dust/water protection drum that rotates to protect the entrance to the keyhole.There is no place to mount this huge and heavy thing on my bike -LRB- full size mountain -RRB- . With a water bottle cage + a small pack that hangs from my horizontal frame bar , I must carry the U-Lock in the Topeak Basket behind me . AND , it is HEAVY!Be aware , this Theft Protection Program they tout is a bit of a scam . You must pay for this additional service . Also , you can not register nor sign up for the Theft Protection on line . You must first print out a form -LRB- s -RRB- and mail it -LRB- them -RRB- in . The address is not on any of the forms . You must go back into the site to locate the mailing address.The process of signing up for eventual support and FAQ information is a complicated event that required setting up an account that duplicates many of the registering steps and information you have just completed earlier.BUT
 Yup , this is a big one ! I ca n't imagine ANYONE being able to steal a bike -LRB- if you attach it like they tell you to with the cable -RRB- or your front wheel/tire -- and you do n't have to take it off the fork to secure it !!! That 's a shortcoming with a lock that DOES N'T include a cable . Even with a quick-release front wheel , it 's a pain to take it off and then put it back on -LRB- straight -RRB- when you return to your bike . But if you do n't have a way to carry this thing , you might decide it 's too big and bulky . I 've decided it 's worth the trouble of lugging it around , but then I ride in the city and prefer to have a bike to ride rather than an empty front fork -- or worse -- an empty bike rack .
 I 've had this lock for almost 2 years now . I continues to like the lock and cable , they have served me well . I do sometimes wish that the cable was a little longer , but I 've always been able to lock up our bikes after a couple tries.The included mounting bracket is useless however . The nylon webbing with rubber grip is impossible to tighten up enough to keep the lock from rotating on the frame . I eventually got fed up and dismantled the mount and replaced the webbing with a hose clamp . This worked well until the plastic tabs that support the lock broke while I was crossing a street -LRB- This was about a year after I bought the lock -RRB- . The mount was now completely incapable of holding the lock.I ended up building my own custom mount out of 3/4 '' copper pipe and two 3/4 '' copper T fittings . The mount is in an `` H '' shape and the lock simply slides into the the pipes and then I lock it . I have attached the mount to my frame using two hose clamps . It seems solid enough that it wo n't be rotating down while I am riding.I have uploaded pictures of my mount so that people can see what I 'm talking about if they want to try something similar .
 I didnt start to read these reviews until after I paid for it . I see alot of people on here that say the lock gets hard to turn and eventually stops opening or the key breaks inside . Well after only a couple days of using i started to notice that the lock was becoming harder to open so I took the advise of one reviewer on here and sprayed some WD40 inside the lock . I turned the key several times inside and sprayed more WD40 . This actually made the lock work better then ever . Its been about a week now and the lock is still working better then ever so I would recommend that anyone who gets this lock , spray a little WD40 in there and you should have no issues !
 I bought this lock to secure my bike in a college town . It came with 5 keys , and one of them had a led light on it . This lock is a bit heavier than my friend 's kryponite lock that is the same size . I have never had a problem unlocking this lock , the key always turns super easy . I use the cable to secure my wheels to my frame , and in my opinion its a strong thick cable . Overall I have never had any problems with this lock I would recommend this product to people locking for a good lock that do n't want to spend a ton of money .
 I used the 2-day Amazon Prime purchase option so it came really quickly . It works exactly like stated in the product details and it came with every piece of equipment
 Nice solid lock that comes with a cable . Good combination if you have a bike where the tires are easily removable with a fly nut . But overall decent quality lock that comes with plenty of keys as well as a gurantee . Good deal .
 This is a great lock for an excellent price , considering the extra cable comes along with it . I highly recommend it !
 First of all , I do n't agree with the ones telling that the keys are inappropriate . I have no problem with the keys . You should try some ` special ' tricks for breaking the key!Everything is perfect with this u-lock . It 's long enough to provide you enough space for locking your bike 's frame and tire to a bike rack at the same time . This provides much more security.It 's short enough to prevent thiefs to comfortably work on.It 's thick enough to prevent thiefs to break or cut.The locking system is reliable and durable enough to use for many years.It also has a protection coverage to prevent dust , humid and stain inside the locking system.Last but not the least
 Does the job and does it well !! It is a lock where it comes down to if they get through it they can keep the bike . But it would take a tank to get this lock undone . I recommend this to anyone and everyone needing a lock . The great thing about it is that it 's cheap and really effective .
 One could n't ask for a more versetile bike lock . The extra security cable makes all of the difference in the world . When locking one 's bike to something other than a standard bike rack ; the extra security cable is most convenient .
 Ok , so the bike it guards is almost 15 years old , and this is a bit of overkill , but it 's my bike !!! This is about as much protection as you could possibly need unless you live in downtown DC or the Bronx .
 OnGuard PitBull MINI DT 5008 Bicycle U-Lock and Extra Security CableBest and easiest lock to use .
 I would give this 5 stars but I have only had it one month so hard to say if it holds up in the long run . So far I find it well constructed and doing the trick .
 The Lock is VERY sturdy both in design and material.The thick cable gives extra-assurance your bike is safe.Of the 6 keys provided , one has an LED light attached.The attaching bracket is functional but could be better in both instruction and design.Overall
 This is my first bike lock for my Diamond Back Response Sport 08 . The reason I got it is because I usually ride my bike to the lake and like to jog also so I have to leave it locked some how . So I saw the nice price and got it . The U lock is heavy , the piece you attach to the hold the lock to your bike in place is really poor its basically a strap that you tighten to your frame and and a clip that holds the u lock in place while riding . The strap/clip item failed . It doesnt lock in place and the u lock falls out BUT thankfully I found a better way to attach it to the bike just by locking it to the frame and using the cable from one end of the bike to the other . This is my first lock , so as far as the holder it all really depends on your frame of bike so larger the frame the easier it is to fit/attach the strap to it , but the clip part is weak is made out of plastic .
 Great product ! Key light is a nice touch . Only complaint is bracket seems a bit cheap and it 's kind of large to mount .
 I saw the comments about keys sticking but my key turns like a hot knife in butter . Seriously , it 's very smooth . The cable that comes with the lock is useful if you want to lock up one of the wheels . I do n't think much of the mounting bracket but I carry my lock in a messenger bag .
 This lock is a great all purpose lock . If I 'm going to be away from my bike for a while -LRB- live in Los Angeles -RRB- I bring the heavy Ulock and connect with the cable . The Ulock , cable combo is less appealing to thiefs when my bike is sitting next to other bikes with less durable locks . For `` ins and outs '' , i only bring the cable and use a small lock -LRB- not included -RRB- to connect the cable with an object .
 This lock has worked very well so far with no issues jamming or theft . However , the mounting bracket is getting more and more annoying . When the lock is mounted on the frame , it is basically free to rotate . I tried to wedge the lock up against my bike frame , but during a long ride , it eventually rotates and gets in the way . It is otherwise a good lock to have especially if you carry it in a bag .
 I 've had this lock for over a month now and overall , it 's been a good experience . I have n't had any of the key problems mentioned by some other reviewers -LRB- I did notice that the key will not turn smoothly if the lock is loose - so , if you want your key to turn well , make sure that the bar and the U are flush and fully engaged . -RRB- The lock is definitely pretty heavy-duty , and excellent for that old trick of `` park next to a nicer bike with a cable lock . '' So far I 've not had any problems leaving my bike downtown in a fairly thief-heavy town -LRB- Santa Cruz , CA -RRB- . The reason I gave four stars , not five , is that the thing is damn heavy . And , if you 're like me and your bike is teeny because you 're teeny - well , there 's nowhere to mount the holder on your bike , because it WILL interfere with your movement . I ca n't even fit in on the seatpost ! So , to other small bicyclists , be warned
 I have been using this lock for several weeks on my bike . It works great . The lock attaches to the bike so you do n't have to carry it when you are riding it . It arrived quickly in the mail .
 Good Lock , Took a bit to come but is a strong dependable lock so far .
 I got this thing at a walmart and it actually worked pretty good . I just got a very expensive bicycle and so I went on Amazon to find a longer/tougher lock . and so I looked up the one I have -LRB- this one -RRB- and I see that it got some mixed reviews . I will give it 4 starts because it works great and it is secure , price is good , BUT I wish it was a bit longer . I have to lockup sometimes my 2 bikes toguether and this is not long enough to lock them to secure pole . Still a great product if you only want to lock up one bike .
 This is the best bike lock you can use to secure your bike . The additional cable allows you to secure both your wheels as well . Its heavy to haul around on your bike , so if you plan carry it a lot , you may want to find a lighter bike lock . But if security is your primary objective , it 's hard to find a better lock on the market.I use mine to secure my bike at work during the day . I leave my lock attached to the bike rack when I leave at night , so I do n't have to transport it back and forth every day.I have another lighter lock that I carry in my bike bag that I use for quick stops at the grocery store on the way home . The lighter lock is enough to defer an opportunistic thief , but I feel better using this stonger lock to protect my bike when I need to secure it for a longer period of time .
 Great lock for the price . Does everything it says it does . The little mounting piece shifted , but I just popped it back into place without a problem.I found that if you lube both ends of the U it slides in easier and does n't get stuck at all . So far so good .
 It 's a fantastic small U Lock . It always stays attached to my bike when I 'm riding and apparently has a lock system which is very hard to pick . The only reason I gave it a 4 is because of it 's length it does n't lock to as much as a larger U lock would . I wish it was a tid-bit larger . -LRB- Note
 This is a fantastic lock , and has come in handy for me ! I mounted it right onto my bicycle and could not be easier . I never have to worry about anything when I have my bike locked up with this . The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of the magnitude of keys on the keychain for the lock . What are all of these even for ?! Only one works in the lock anyway !
 So I thought I was buying the Pitbull DT and was a little unhappy when this arrived . In any case , I did n't want to hastle with returning it and I 've been using it for the last few weeks . My reaction is that it is a more than effective lock for low crime areas . I live on a college campus and I actually have had a bike stolen . That was my fault though , as I left it unlocked while I visited a friends house . People here lock their bikes up with cheap cable locks and U-locks from Walmart all the time . I get the sense that as long as it 's locked up with something , it 's pretty safe . I know that 's not true for all areas , but the Bulldog DT has been extremely effective for me .
 I park my $ 400 bike at a shady metro station everyday . I hear people complaining of bikes being stolen , but noone has messed with mine . I think it is mainly because of the OnGuard U-lock . It is a very rugged piece of gear !
 I do n't live in high crime area but want a bike lock that i 'm comfortable and feel safe with . This lock definitely does that . Th lock is kinda heavy ... but hey , it 's not a small lock eithe !!
 I have owned the lock for about 18 months now , and so far its kept my bike safe . I live and work in high-risk-of-bike-theft parts of the city and I am very impressed with the lock . I know the lock has been attacked at least twice - the first time , it was the mark of a drill-bit on the barrel of the lock and the second - the U-part of the lock has abrasions/shearing from what I guess was a pick/lever . As you can tell from my happy review , neither worked.The mount onto the bike frame is not great , I have attached it to the seat post and that seems to work fine.The only big problem/flaw I have faced with the lock is jamming . Before you dismiss the lock altogether , read on . . the U-part of the lock has attached to it a ribbed piece that fits into a groove on the frame-mount . When this ribbed piece pushes up against the barrel of the lock , it jams the key-turning mechanism . The only way to get it loose is to push the ribbed part back towards the bottom of the U , it takes all of 2 secs to do . Its a pain sometimes but I do n't think its a big deal.I would buy the lock again , not just because its saved me a couple of times , but also because the lock is a good fit for my mountain bike .
 It is as heavy as my bike . Probably overkill but great service from the seller .
 Nice cheap U bolt lock and short cable for the money.Added lock graphite powder to the lock because the pin tumblers seemed dry.You need to do this once a year as maintenance on any lock . You can buy it at Lowe 's . I have used ground up pencil lead as a substitute for the real stuff.The key is keyed so it will only slide in one way , i.e it is not symmetrical . Usedfingernail polish to mark one side of the key and marked the side of thelock near keyhole so I could tell how to insert it.This review was based on correcting what other buyers complained about . This was basically the key was too thin , it broke , the key was hard to turn . Yes the key is thin , this is to stop picking , it is not a design flaw . You need to slide it in correctly , read the short review , it goes in one way , color code the thing , or you will twist it too hard trying to make it work , and break the key off . Yes , the lock was dry . Read where people put oil in it , bad idea , worst in freezing weather . Oil in a lock will ruin it , as you ride dirt will get in it , you will grind the cylinder and tumblers up . Put oil on you finger , stick it in the dirt , see the problem ? Freezing weather will turn the oil into a hard like glue , will break the key , or just not open .
 Great product , works well . Nice to get set of 4 extra keys for safekeeping - tough to reorder keys . Nice to have both cable and ULock combo together - works well .
 This thing has been nothing but reliable and more . Have n't had a stolen ride with this and I would recommend to any rider who wants to keep their ride safe .
 Ive had this for over a year now and it still works perfectly . I have not ran into any problems , althought I did lose the security cable that it came with . I like that they gave me 4 extra keys , and the main one has a little light on it , makes unlocking my lock at night easier .
 I bought an Onguard lock and cable about 8 years ago . It stays in the back of my truck where i use it to secure my ladder , or my drain cleaning machine and also my mountain bikes . This thing has been exposed to the rain and snow with absolutely no care on my part and it still works fine . It is n't lite or compact , but anything that last as long as this thing has is worth 5 stars .
 I umpire High School Baseball and I have the plate shoes and they work `` IE '' a ball off the toe , top of the foot and they are very comfortable please be sure to buy 1/2 or 1 size bigger and get the wide size . You wont be disapointed .
 I 'm really pleased with my purchase . My only comment is that they need to make a little more room for the racquets . Two oversized racquets do n't fit comfortably in the spaces available for them.Thanks you , P.H.
 Although a christmas present for my EAT , SLEEP AND BREATH HUNTER -LRB- HUSBAND -RRB- . I 'm sure he will like this , he owns several other gerber products , and says that they are all well worth the money.Great Gift for a Great Price.No-One that recieves this saw and light will be disappointed .
 These feel slightly flimsy , but have n't broken in the past several months that I 've had them so far . I use them for driving . Good sunglasses for the cheap price .
 I tried these on once and they looked nice.But the mechanic shattered them when I took my car in for repairs . So I will never be able to use them , obviously .
 I ordered two sunglasses . Unfortunately one has some imperfection , so I have to send it back for replacement although I spend for shipping to return it but I 'm very satisfied with the cutomer service I got from the seller .
 This is a great place to shop . Got exactly what I ordered and the item was shipped when they said it would be.Will use them again.Thanks.RD-Texas
 Item arrived . Excellent Condition . Great Price . Great Item . Would Love To See More Iron Maiden Items To Buy . Thanks
 This dry bag is big enough to keep my cell phone , camera , wallet , keys , etc in it with room to spare . Roll down the top a few turns and then clip it shut . This is a water resistant bag - not a diving bag - so do n't get the impression that you can take this in the water with you . I am confident that if I was in a boat and my bag went overboard - they 'd be OK . It is a nice bag .
 I love those waterproof bags , they will keep whatever you need completely dry and they are made top notch compared to other products ! Whatever you need them for , camping , storage , or an emergency/survival situation these bags will keep your stuff dry ! And if you needed you could even flip them inside out and fill them with water awhile keeping the inside still dry for your stuff .
 This is an initial review of the SealLine 5L and 10L bags . For an idea of the sizing below , I am a 5 ' 11 '' , 170lb male .5 L Size : Length
 I unintentionally tested the waterproof aspect of the 2.5-liter Storm Sack -LRB- it passed
 How much can I really say about a dry bag ? The Storm Sack line is pretty much exactly what I expect from SealLine drybags in terms of function -LRB- that 's a compliment -RRB- , with way less weight than the traditional ones .
 I like this bag a lot , nice thick material , sturdy buckle , easy to use , everything stays dry of course . Fits extra clothing layers , lunch , sunscreens , wallet/keys/etc easily . It 's my first dry bag and I imagined much bigger -LRB- was thinking 2.5 2L coke bottles -RRB- , and it does n't appear that large even though volume wise I 'm sure it holds that much . Will definitely pick SealLine from amazon when I buy the next size up .
 I bought this dry bag to store a USGI poncho liner -LRB- AKA woobie -RRB- while on deployment to Afghanistan . My plan was to always have one available should we have to stay somewhere for a while . The good news is that the bag does indeed hold a poncho liner -LRB- if just barely -RRB- and is able to keep it dry and clean in the field . While I never tried dunking the sack , it was fine in light rain . The black allowed it to be acceptable for use with my military gear -- thank goodness somebody manufacturers outdoor gear which is not some garish color like orange or lime green.All in all , it worked well and will remain part of my kit in the future .
 I bought this for a cruise . I needed something that would fit my iphone , kindle , camera and wallet and keep it safe when I was snorkeling , or heading into the ocean for a swim . I wanted something small enough that it would be easy to carry inside my beach bag , but secure enough to trust my electronics while swimming as well . I read all the reviews on this and some other similar types and they led me to this one . I liked one 's guys description of size ... 5L is about the length from my fist to my elbow , he was right !! It never got submerged but it did get wet at times and the items inside stayed dry . -LRB- I did place my Iphone inside another bag for extra security but not my other items . -RRB- Would buy another , and probably will get a larger sized one for the summer and more water sports !! BTW Amazon was the best price I found anywhere , and I did look around , a lot .
 The bag is easy to seal and is sufficient to keep my DSLR and an extra shirt dry all day in case the weather turns to rain .
 I was looking for something to put into my larger beach tote that would be roomy enough for all that crap you always have with you but that you ca n't get wet
 I used this bag the day it arrived . No I did not try anything extreme , but I always double bag my contents -LRB- cellphone , camera , fire starter , etc -RRB- and after two days on the river had no problems . Very satisfied with product , seller , and shipping . Will purchase from this seller again
 My 19 ' glass kayak has plenty of room for gear storage but I 've always struggled with forcing the old style rubberized dry bags into the portals . These sweet nylon on the outside small dry bags are perfect for gear organizing in small tight spaces and slide right into the small kayak holds . On a recent trip I accidentally dropped one into the sea and everything inside was DRY . Well made , functional , and good looking to . Gear needs to be all of these !
 These sun glasess are great i like the style and they are really comfortable the spring hinge always keeps them in place , im a letter carrier with the post office so im always moving around so keeping the glases in place is great , very good product .
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 Was looking for daubers that was a bit quirky to go to the bingo hall since everyone has the same . I thought i look for something different . I love them them < They are about six inches tall and the ink works like the rest of them , Great item will order again
 Rarely do you find a company so willing to bend over backwards for consumer . Crunched for time I need a watch with a compass fast . I ordered this one and it got here practically overnight . However , the compass was faulty . I contacted customer service explain to them the compass was faulty . I also explained to them that I needed a replacement in a hurry . We went through the usual return process , but these guys shipped out a watch for next day delivery prior to even receiving the faulty one.As luck may have it the second watch had a faulty compass as well . I contacted customer support and explained to them the situation . They told me in all honesty it must 've been a faulty batch and would be more than glad to refund my money . I returned the watch and received a full refund , no hassle.Regardless of what they sell they stand behind their products 100 % and their customer service treated me as if I was the only customer . If only every company valued their consumer as much as these guys . I would definitely purchase another item from them without question and urge you if you are on the bubble to do the same .
 We use this on the tennis courts , it does n't absorb the water , so much , but spreads it out in the low lying areas , to dry quicker . It works.It lasts about a year and half to two years , but we leave ours outside for the convenience of the tennis players . It would probably last longer if kept out of the weather .
 My Dad gave me this bat for Christmas and I 've been using it in the cage in preparation for this year 's season . We start in two weeks so I 've been getting in my cuts . The solid construction and grip have allowed me to make good contact and my focus this year is hitting over .500 and spraying the outfield . I 'm in my second year of high school varsity ball and I know I 'll be facing some incredible pitching but ... I 've got the magic bat ! I love this bat !
 I bought this lock after my last bike got stolen . I also bought the Kryptonite Kryptolok Series 2 Standard Bicycle U-Lock -LRB- 4-inch x 9-inch -RRB- with 4-Foot Flex Cable to have two locks at night.I use this one only as a second lock , because it is too small of course to lock my bike to something . So I use it to lock my rear wheel and I lock the bike with the other one to something . I use the cable to lock my front wheel and also to lock it to something.I know , that this is really much , but my lock before was also not too bad and did n't work.Now my neighbors are laughing and tell me that I will always keep the bike like this : -RRB- During the day I only use the bigger one to lock my front wheel and the frame to something.In total this is a really good lock for this price ! I would buy it again ! And I still have my bike , although I leave it outside at night .
 This is my favorite bike lock . It is small and light enough that I do n't resent carrying it , while still providing credible security . Many bike locks also seem over priced , especially the K kind , but this one is very good value.I use the Sheldon Brown system for locking up where the U-bar encloses the rear rim and a pole or bike rack bar or meter . You do have to get the bike snugged up against whatever you are locking too , which is sometimes tricky , but the good part is there is now no room to get any sort of jack or lever into the lock to pry on it .
 After doing much research and reading many reviews online I decided to go with the OnGuard Bulldog MINI . I have now been using this lock for several months and can report have had zero problems with it . The extra security cable is much bigger and thicker than it looks in the picture . It really makes a huge difference . This lock is extremely sturdy and have had no problems what so ever . Would definitely recommend !
 Have used this product for a couple years now . It 's been outside in the elements continuously and while other parts of my bike have rusted its key mechanism is working great . The cable on the other hand has had some water get under the plastic coating is starting to rust . No indicators that it is any less strong , but I am a little surprised water got in .
 Good basic lock for commuting around school and downtown -LRB- San Diego -RRB- . It 's small and light but feels really sturdy . The lock fits around my mountain bike wheel , which is good since I was concerned the size was too small but it fits just right when locked around a bike post or fence , definitely not a pole though . The wire came thicker than I expected and is a nice extra deterrent , although I hardly use it because of the hassle and because I keep telling myself that no one is going to steal my front tire from my beat bike :-RRB- . Overall , I recommend this if you 're looking for a reliable lock with some extra deterrents , this is it .
 i do n't live in high crime area but want a bike lock that i 'm comfortable and feel safe with . This lock definitely does that .
 This lock is a great lock at a good price.I like it because it is quite heavy duty and not too heavy in weight.Also the locking mechanism works quite smooth.In comparison I just had a Kryptonite New York Standard and the first time I used it the lock would n't unlock . And I ended up breaking the key off in it.What a hazzle to cut the lock with a power saw.For the price this is one great lock.And it does have a double locking mechanism.I would recommend this lock over any kryptonite.Fahgetabout kryptonite they suck.Believe me its not much fun when your key breaks off in it.Not to mention it costs twice as much as this one.But do n't count on using the extra cable for anything.It 's too short.I lock my bike with a 6 ft. cable lock through the wheels and frame and post and the On Guard Bulldog mini through the frame.Then I do n't worry about someone stealing it at all.For 1 thing I never leave my bike locked long enough for them to cut through them.But even if it does get stolen which it wo n't I have it insured through my renters insurance.Now that gives me extra peace of mind .
 This lock scores as well or better than the more expensive models , fits in your belt or back pocket , has a great quick key system and is pretty light weight . The rubberized coating on the cylinder started to scratch off after a few weeks but otherwise it 's an ace . Lock the rear rim through the rear frame triangle and loop the cable around and through the front rim and you 're all set .
 ... but then it is cheap . The key feels a little clunky and cheap in the lock , but it works.The lock is just the right size for locking most of the time . Search the web for Sheldon Brown 's -LRB- a biking oracle -RRB- locking strategy page if you think you need something bigger.Cable is plenty long enough to be looped around the front wheel , strung through the saddle and down to the lock on the rear wheel .
 The U-Lock itself is very well built . One minor nitpick is that the keys could be smoother to operate . They provide you with a ridiculous number of replacement keys , which I suppose is nice . It even comes with 1 LED flashlight key.The yellow ends on the U-lock are removable . Underneath them are what appear to be plastic parts recessed in the main barrel of the lock . I have some concerns about being able to smash those plastic parts with a screw driver and hammer , but hopefully that would n't compromise the locking mechanism.The plastic frame mount broke after two weeks of riding . It 's cheap plastic and in no way is actually engineered to hold a lock of this weight during city riding . So stick it in your belt or bungee it to a pannier rack.Because of those concerns my next lock will be a Kryptonite Mini , it 's more expensive . However it 's still a lot less than a new bike ... The included security cable is a `` Why bother ? '' feature . It 's meant to lock your front wheel in place when your U-lock is holding the frame to a bike rack . It 's in no way meant to secure your bicycle . However a much smaller lighter combination rope or necklace style lock will serve the same purpose and be much easier to cary . If you 're going to be leaving your bike out in a dangerous area , the best bet is to just use multiple U-locks . Overall , it 's a great lock for the money .
 I got this lock 2 years ago because I was going off to UC Davis -LRB- big bike town -RRB- . Though mine did not come with the extra security cable , when I bought it at Mikes Bikes.I like that it is small , it makes it potable , but still effective -LRB- if you are going to UC Davis , do not settle for just a cable lock , bike theft is the most reported crime in Davis . -RRB- I did not use the mounting accessor , I simply attach the lock between my frame and my support for a basket on the rear wheel.I did break one key , but I broke the LED light , the key was perfectly functional . -LRB- The excess keys might seem like a lot , however , if you ever misplace your keys , it 's nice to know you can grab one of the extras ! -RRB- The ONLY problem I have ever had with this lock is
 i have n't really utilized this lock too much since I 've purchased it . however , the security cable comes in handy since all the parts of my bike are quick release and easily removed . i enjoy the mini 's small size . the only iffy thing about it is that i still have n't figured out a way to attach the security cable to the lock holder so i have to put it in my backpack when i 'm riding my bike.overall , decent product , although the keys do n't look very high quality
 This lock looks sturdy enough and was really fairly priced . The cable lock is long enough to reach through my front wheel and back to my rear wheel where the u-lock is attached . I like that this lock came with so many keys , three + one with an LED light . I know a lot of the previous reviewers said that they 're were `` easily '' breaking keys but i have yet to even come close to breaking one . I think if those reviewers READ THE INSTRUCTIONS , particularly where it says to put the key in until it clicks ... THEN TURN , the keys would never break . I also like that Bulldog provides a sort of insurance with it , up to $ 1,501 according to their website -LSB- ... -RSB- for this particular u-lock/cable combo . My intention is to use this lock for commuting back and forth to college .
 After about 9 months of constant use , I 've found this lock to be a solid theft deterrent as my bike has yet to be jacked . I live in San Francisco , a city with high bike theft , and this 1.5 pound piece of equipment is easy to carry -- I loop it through the saddle , since the clip seems flimsy -- plus the cable is plenty long to secure the front tire as well . This system comes with a sweet main key -LRB- plus 3 spares -RRB- that has a built-in LED light . Great lock
 Solid little lock that would have lasted me a lifetime had I not left it in a cab one drunken night . The U-Lock fits in a back pocket , and I 've never had trouble fitting it around frame , wheel , and pole . -LRB- It just barely fits fatter sign-poles , but it will -- if your frame is up against the pole . -RRB- Retails for $ 45 or so , so any price below that is a GREAT deal , especially with the extra cable . Give the U-Lock a squirt of WD40 every so often to quench its thirst .
 This lock is excellent in all ways , except for one , it is a bit too mini for me . Now , I saw the description and dimensions before I bought it , so I had an idea of how small it was . I just got a bike with a larger frame , so locking the bike up with this lock is a bit harder . If i would have known this , I would have bought the larger model.That being said . It is the best lock I have ever owned . It is sturdy as hell and has even been left in the rain , and the keys still turn perfectly -LRB- it comes with about 5 spare keys -RRB- . The bike attachment is kinda flimsy , but it does the job . Oh and the included security cable helps take care of those times when I can not get the U-lock to lock normally around my bike frame . One more thing to note , the lock is not extremely heavy , so you can put it in a backpack easily.If you have a roadbike or other small framed bike , this lock is perfect for you .
 PROS : Strong , Lightweight -LRB- for U-Locks -RRB- , nice mounting bracketCons : Short -LRB- ca n't lock downtube and front wheel in the U-lock -RRB- .
 This is a hefty lock , but small in size and easy to use . The cable gives you added security for seats and tires . I recommend this highly .
 When I purchased this , I thought it was great that it came with the extra security of the cable . After using it for a while , though , I realized that it really is n't that much extra security , because if someone breaks the u-lock , they also free the cable . However , the u-lock is great ! Heavy , sturdy , small - no thief is getting anything prying in this when it is locked around my tire ! I always feel pretty safe leaving my bike locked up with this guy , although in the future , I would forgo the extra money spent on the cable .
 pros : moderate weight
 Length :
 pros : moderate weight
 I have had this lock for a couple months now , and am very happy with it . I agree with others who say that the key is a little funky sometimes , but in practice , I 've been careful not to force it , and have had no problems . I also use the Sheldon Brown method , though on my road bike , I can fit the U around my rear tire + the frame and bike rack , and still loop the cable to the front tire . I do n't bother with the bracket , I carry the lock either in a bag , or simply with the cable slung over my back like a shoulder bag .
 This is a fantastic lock , especially for the money . Although it does n't specify the lock does come with a carrying bracket . The bracket can be configured to carry the lock in the original upright position or you can undo 1 bolt and turn the bracket 90 degrees and lock it back down . The bracket tab on the lock itself can be positioned and locked down allowing you to carry your lock in a variety of ways.As for the supplied cable it just fits through my front wheel and back through the U-Lock if I 'm using my U-Lock through the rear wheel which is great in my book . Unless you use some extra Velcro strapping -LRB- 1 is included with the cable -RRB- or some small ties you will have to carry the cable in a seperate bag etc.The 5 keys are great as most lock companies only give you 1 spare key . The lighted key works extremely well . All 5 keys come together on a keyring with a `` key-code '' card attached so you can order more keys if needed . The keys seem a better quality then other lock companies use as they do n't seem like they will snap at the slightest use.You have to keep the key in the lock when inserting the U-Lock back into the locking mechanism or it will not go . The lock opens very easy , no forcing is required . You have to turn the key a full 180 degrees to open and close the lock . What else can I say , it 's just a great lock and cable combo at a very nice price .
 So upon becoming ridiculously attached to my first road bike , I decided to buy a decent locking system . I did a good amount of research and went with this little guy -LRB- also keeping funds in mind : -RRB- It 's worked great for me thus far . Sometimes I have to be a little picky as far as what I lock it to since it 's a mini and the shackle is a bit smaller . However , I follow the Sheldon Brown locking system so I usually have no problem . Then I just loop the security cable through my front tire , then around what I 'm locking to and then back to the lock . It 's great!Everything about the lock bracket is true though . It just feels really cheap to me . The last thing I want is to be riding around and have my lock falling off in the middle of a busy street . So I just toss the lock and cable in my bag . I 've also put the lock on my frame while I ride and it 's worked just as well.Another thing I 've noticed is that the crossbar only locks on the shackle one way . Sometimes I 'll go to lock it and the key wo n't turn . So I just flip the crossbar over and it 's fine . Not a big deal.I definitely recommend this lock ! It 's perfect for the price . Or at least until you can save up for The Beast or a Kryptonite : -RRB-
 Bought this to use around town and when I go to Chicago . I still have all of my bikes , so no complaints .
 this product came just like described . i was very satisfied with the speed which i received this item . i recommend this to anyone .
 I really like it , but the U-Lock was too small & it 's difficult to turn the key sometimes in the lock . . STILL , absolutely money 's worth ... cheap & sturdy . It 's as good as the product from kryptonite.The U-lock is small , but my bicycle can fold so it 's not as bad . I just fold it around the pole and lock the wheels togetherwith the U-Lock and only sometimes I would use the security cable when my friend tags along .
 The lock is so thick and seems super secure . I can leave my bike alone with confidence with this lock .
 Appears to be a very good u-lock and cable . Fortunately have n't had anyone try to steal the bike yet , but I think it will do the job . Very sturdy . Keys work flawlessly . The extra security cable comes in handy when one needs to lock bike to post where the u-lock is too small .
 My wife and I have used this lock for the past 2 years in Chicago and have found it to be durable and a perfect size . It small so usually we 're not able lock up both the front wheel and frame but so far it has been a fine deterrent against theft locked up to the frame alone . The first thing I did when putting the bikes together was remove all of the quick release , so we decided that the cable was n't needed and have n't carried it at all . The cable also comes with a velcro attachment that sorta works but can jiggle loose easily while riding , which was also a reason to stop bringing it along .
 I have not experienced any of the problems described in other reviews . The lock is easy to close with the key . The bracket has worked very well in attaching the lock to my bike . Only problem I had was that I lost the security cable because there is not good way to attach it to the lock or the bike . The velcro piece does not work well . Overall I am very pleased with the purchase , and I have used this lock now for several months .
 The Mini OnGuard Bulldog and security cable is a portable solution for the sequrity of your bike . The extra cable really helps in the effort to lock the bike . Sometimes for my road bike I wish I would have a longer extra cable , since the rail I 'm attaching it to is not always very close , but I guess you need a non-Mini version for that . I originally bought this combo for my mountain bike and have no problems in locking the frame with the U-Lock and the wheels with the extra security cable -LRB- but not the wheel and the frame and the rail only using the U-Lock part which is possible with the non-Mini version -RRB- . The U-Lock and and the cable could be fit in a normal size student backpack or can be attached with the mechanism provided to the frame of your bike and it wo n't fall off even if you sometimes go off the curb.Security rating of this thing as rated on some sites is pretty high , as some websites that tested it vs. other similar products .
 I really like how sturdy this thing feels . I 'm sure if anyone even considers taking my bike they 'll just feel this bad boy and decide otherwise . I do n't have too many problems with the key/key hole but there is one problem that gets kind of annoying . I 'm not sure if this is a pro or a con to be honest , but the U part of the lock tends to get a little stuck to the bottom base of the lock . This makes it sometimes difficult to remove the lock from the base and it feels like a fight . This literally happens regularly . Feels scarry cause I 'm not sure if it will get stuck . Why might this be a pro ? Well a theif may simply give up on stealing my bike after a few seconds of wrestling with this , assuming he 's found a way to pick my lock of course . It no longer takes me very long to get it loose since I 'm pretty used to it so now it just takes me a few wiggles . But otherwise I am happy with the products and I 'm happy to give it 4 stars .
 I would give it 4.5 / 5 if it was possible . The lock works great - even better if you pull off the useless yellow plastic caps on the end . The extra cable is useful for the front wheel . The key sticks a bit and is sometimes difficult to turn , but I have not broken it yet -LRB- and when I do , I have 4 more to go through , which is good to know -RRB- .
 The lock works great ! Easy to lock and unlock , but the cable that comes with is a little short . I ride to work , and the rack they have is not fully visible to the public . So I was hoping this would be the one sollution for locking my bike . I managed to get the cable all around the bike and use the U-lock at the back tire to connect it all , but I have no extra to connect to the rack . Maybe if I had gotten a bigger U-lock I could connect there ? Any ways we purchased a cheap cable lock to connect to the rack also .
 great lock ... the best part is that the lock is small enough that you do n't even need to use the brace ; you can just lock it around the bike frame and it wont hit your bike wheel
 The bulldog mini is great . it comes with the extra cable , like 5 keys , and is totally safe . The main difference about this one is that since its `` mini '' it does limit your options sometimes . which is totally fine . I love it ... i feel secure leaving my bike alone with this lock .
 So I ordered a bike lock but it was n't what I thought , so I returned it . The company was wonderful about my return -- a totally painless process . Everything was smooth as a baby 's bottom .
 Good heavy mini lock . The key is nothing like the typical pickable locks . it seems to be pickable . It seems the only way to break the lock would be to cut t The added cable is great and they give you 5 keys for the lock in case you lose 4 of them . My bike has n't been stolen yet !
 The first thing you must realize about bike locks
 all in all I am pleased with this lock ... it 's super sturdy with the double-lock mechanism and I love that it came with the cable . great value overall . My main gripe is that if you install the mounting bracket , it is next to impossible to remove the lock without ripping some skin in the process . The mounting bracket is made of plastic and secures tightly to your bike , but for some reason the lock does n't slide out easily after you press the release button . I have to yank it out and always end up cutting my hand on the plastic . I 'm definitely using it correctly , but both my boyfriend and I experience this problem for both of our locks . Still is handy to have the mounting bracket , but be careful when you use it !
 I 'm very pleased with this bike lock system . After a little experimentation I found the right place for my U-lock on my bike frame , but I also use about a 10 '' velco strap to help keep it secure and in place . A bigger U-lock might be a bit more versatile , but I do n't mind the small compromise because this fits well on my bike frame , is n't bulky , and does what I want it to do . I do n't always take the cable with me , but when I do it 's in my Camelpak , which I ususally have with me anyway . This is a very good locking system that I feel secure with .
 I 've had this lock for a while and it still functions great . I use it to lock up my bike on the perilous grounds of a university campus and have yet to have a bike stolen.I personally use the `` Sheldon Brown '' bike locking method , but a more general application involves locking the frame with the U lock and securing the wheels with the cable . Using the cable to secure the bike frame itself is not a viable means to protect your investments , as it can be cut rather easily . A u-lock on the other hand is hardened steel , which wo n't budge short of an angle grinder.I 'd also like to address the issues with the keys `` breaking '' . Basically , the key will not turn and release from the lock until the U-shackle is securely and properly placed into the lock body . Therefore , the allegations of the locks being faulty and the keys being made of shoddy material are false . It arose from improper use of the product.Overall , I really recommend this lock . It 's a great value , but functions well and offers peace of mind .
 I use this to lock my unicycle up at college . It 's smaller than a lot of u-locks , but it gets the job done . I do n't use the included cable but it seems to be of solid construction as well . I think it 's a little ridiculous to include 5 keys , but it 's much better than only giving you 1 . As I do n't have any place to put the plastic holder I have n't used it , but I agree that it is not very well made -LRB- all plastic -RRB- and I can see how it would break without much use . I carry the lock in my backpack and it does n't make a noticeable difference .
 The best thing about this lock is that it is sturdy and comes with an extra security cable . This helps me as my bike has easy detachable wheel . So it helps to lock the front wheel -LRB- the back wheel is tougher to come out -RRB- . My last bike was stolen due to a cheap lock . It was easily picked . Its been close to two months and I am glad my bike is not stolen yet .
 I use my bike for basic errands and so far the lock has been the perfect fit for all the bike racks I have had to use . It comes with a lot of keys so if one breaks or gets lost you have plenty more . It 's easy to use and not too too heavy . I can fit it in just about every purse I use . I highly recommend this lock .
 This lock is simple , durable , and not very heavy ! one thing about this lock is that the key which everyone in the review says . it does n't feel as strong , it 's not that weak , but just be little careful , dont ' overdue it or over tighten and etc. i just feel like they need to reinforce the key hole and how u insert the key , that 's it . but other than that it , should not be a problem , overall it 's a great lock .
 For what you 're paying , this lock is sturdy . I use it on my Topkick for city use and trust it fully . Comes with 5 keys and it easy to operate . I did find it a bit tough to mount the bracket somewhere out of the way on my bike , but am still testing to see the best place . If all else fails I can carry it in a backpack no problem . Decent lock , no need to look elsewhere .
 The lock alone would cost 50 % more than what I paid and it comes with a chain which is a must if you want to prevent others from stealing you rims !
 The U-Lock is the perfect size to fit around your bike frame and a post . And the wire is plenty long to be looped through the U-Lock and the front tire , securing both tires . The clip that came for the bike is a little bit of a hassle , I found it very hard to remove the U-Lock from the clip at times . It holds in place well though , but be prepared for metal clinking noise as you ride from the U-Lock
 I was a bit hesitant buying this lock because I was not sure how `` mini '' it would be , but it fits my needs well , as long as you are not trying to lock up two bikes to some bike rack or locking it to something thats thicker than ... hmm I dont know , a coke can ? it will work just fine , and even then it comes with the handle cable , which I am using for two reasons , both my wheels are quick release and I recently had my bike -LRB- my dear bike -RRB- stolen , so I 'm doing all I can to avoid that , and this seems to be a good deter-ant .
 A good strong bike lock at a very reasonable price . The D \ U lock fits around my rear tire and the pole I 'm locking it to easily , and does n't leave extra space for a thief to get leverage . The cable is nice and thick , and while it 's not as strong a chain-link , it 's more than enough to secure my front wheel.I have not used the included mounting bracket , but it does n't seem too great .
 I feel a lot more secure when I leave my bike in a public place now . This lock is fairly small & lightweight and without compromise . I can put this around my back tire , frame , and a fixed object , and there is not much room to create leverage against it .
 I recently Purchased a fairly expensive bike with , of course , quick release wheels . I 've been looking for a lock I can feel comfortable leaving the bike with while I go into a store or to work , the gym , etc. . With this lock I do not worry about the bike or any of it 's parts not being there when I come back . I was initially worried about the smaller size of the lock . But so far I 've had no issues finding a place to lock up even with the thicker tubing on my mountain bike . I carry the lock in a backpack so I ca n't really comment on the mount . So far I have no issues with the key or locking mechanism . As long as you ensure the key is inserted all the way and the U is fully inserted into the bar I do n't foresee any problems .
 Do n't toss the cable.It 's not short indeed . The cable does not have to go `` two ways '' like those with embedded locks . Just tie the cable around the front rim by pulling one end loop through another -LRB- the tip is on the product photo -RRB- and hook the `` free '' end to the U-Lock . In most cases you can pull the cable through the rear rim as well . I 'm using Sheldon Brown 's locking method , the cable length could be even shorter for it .
 This is the first `` mini '' - sized U-lock that I 've purchased . After reading about the theory that smaller U 's are more difficult for thieves to snap apart with hydraulics , I settled on this mini-Bulldog . CONS : Let 's start with the cons , which are few . - For those who are n't used to a mini size -LRB- like me -RRB- , you 'll find that you 're a bit more restricted as to what you can lock your bike to . I knew that this would not accommodate wide telephone polls , but I have yet to find a street sign post that this lock can fit around ; it simply does n't have the width . If you commute in areas with plenty of bike racks , this is not an issue at all , but if you cycle in Los Angeles -LRB- where bike racks are more endangered than bald eagles -RRB- , it becomes a bit of a hassle . - My second , more minor gripe is with the length of the cable . I put the U-lock around the back tire and loop the cable between the lock and front tire . The cable is BARELY long enough to do this job . A few extra inches would make life a bit easier . - Oh , and that flimsy plastic bike connector IS truly useless . Having read the other reviews , I never bothered installing it and simply lock the U-lock around the front head tube of my bike while I ride.PROS : - For the price , this seems to be one sturdy U-lock that 'll be tough to break into . I have heard that Bulldogs are impermeable to BIC pens -LRB- though I 've also heard that Kryptonite has changed their design to be ball pen proof as well -RRB- , which is reassuring . - As others have mentioned , the key has an LED that can be used for easier locking/unlocking in the dark . What 's even better is the 4 extra keys that you get in case one snaps off . I have had the lock for over three months now , and I have n't had any problems with locking/unlocking , but perhaps it 's because I 'm simply being careful after reading what others have said . - For small lock virgins like myself , the tiny size makes this mini-Bulldog very convenient to carry around . - And lastly , that cable is great for looping around that front tire -LRB- albeit its short length -RRB- The price is right for what you get . If you live in an area where there 's a reputation for bike theft , I 'd probably invest in a heavier and more expensive model . But for most suburban and urban cyclists , this will more than suffice .
 I bought this as a second lock . My first lock was a cable . I wanted a good U-lock and settled on this one . Well built , seems to be strong , good mounting system . The addition of a second cable -LRB- which I did n't need -RRB- was a plus . With this lock and my other lock I feel better about locking up my expensive bike . I gave it 4 stars because the cable could be a little longer , maybe 6 ' instead of 4 ' . But its long enough to secure both wheels .
 I bought this lock because regular locks would not fit on our mountain bikes . The area between the crossbars was crowded with a waterbottle . This lock fits very nicely in the small area , and the extra cable is worth its weight in gold . I easily lock up my back tire to a pole and loop the cable through my front tire and the lock . It 's a great little system . I also bought a bike seat storage pouch for the cable . It conveniently stores away there.Many people said the holder was cheap when I read reviews . I do n't agree with them . Mine works great and is very secure.I had one complaint . The lock I received was not the one pictured . Mine has yellow ends on the locking bar . I think the modle number ended in TC , but I believe it is the same lock . It works great .
 When I bought the lock and cable , the picture of the dt 5015 was up , but the price was only around 25 total . Turns out that they had the dt 5013 in stock . The lock I got is rated by onguard as 3 + stars for security . I believe the 5015 is rated 4 + stars or something . I felt a little mislead by the false advertising , but I guess I saved a few bucks over the up-to-date pricing . Hopefully , if you order now you 'll get the higher rated lock . Regardless , the mini lock size is great for securing your back wheel via the Sheldon Brown method , and the cable lends peace of mind for my quick release front wheel . The mini size supposedly makes it harder for the evil ones to insert cutting tools . I carry the lock in my bag since it 's mini sized , so I ca n't comment on the frame attachment carrier that others felt mixed about . So , even though I got a lower rated lock , I figure anyone willing to take on a U-lock is going to need power tools and no amount of security locks is going to stop someone that determined . For the less than professional thief -LRB- outside NYC -RRB- , the mini-U and cable are very strong theft deterrents .
 The image shown with this product is actually OnGuard 's `` Pitbull Mini , '' which is a step up from the `` Bulldog Mini '' on offer here . The true `` Bulldog Mini , '' which is what you 'll get if you order this product , is black and yellow rather than black and chrome -- look for it in the `` other products you might like '' sections of this page .
 I have had this bike lock for about a year now . I have to say it is very wonderful for a college campus dweller . I have heard plenty of stories about nice bikes being stolen here on campus . Most people at college seem to use cable locks -LRB- about 70 % here -RRB- because the cheapo bikes usually are n't messed with unless it 's completely unlocked . I have never had any trouble with my bike WHILE the lock has been on . I stupidly did n't lock my bike for two minutes , came back , and it was gone . The next day our campus police thankfully found it -LRB- up in a tree ... -RRB- . I lock my bike from now on . Although sometimes people still try to steal it . Once I found my bike seat completely loose and turned around backwards . Someone had come by thinking that they could take off the seat and loosen the lock . Too bad for them it was actually attached to the frame , so they just walked off to find `` their '' other bike.Lock easily fits around my frame and rear road bike tire , or the frame and a regular bike rack . I have not used the included cable yet because this is such a wonderful deterrent already ! Buy this -LRB- you can find it on amazon without the cable for $ 20 -RRB- and you wo n't regret it . I have not broken a SINGLE KEY in this lock because I never force the key to do anything it does n't want . It is very easy to tell when the key is ready to unlock because it is a fluid movement to unlock this lock . I do n't understand why anyone would try to force their way into the lock with a key . Take it easy , and it is very quick and easy to unlock.The bike frame attachment is a little flimsy . The first month I had it , if the lock was `` locked in , '' then I had to unlock the actual lock before it would come off the attachment . Now , all I have to do is tug and pull it off . It starts to get loose after a while , but I just tighten it back up . The bike attachment hook also becomes loose soon , but I now that can easily be fixed with a good super-glue . I attached the lock to the frame tube right below the seat so that gravity is helping keep the lock in the attachmentPROS : Economically small and lightweightLooks very sturdy -LRB- deterrent -RRB- Five keys -LRB- the light on one is kind of a sham though -RRB- Cable for the front tire and bike seatComes with bike attachmentA couple people have told me it looks good -LRB- just black - you can slide the dumb yellow rubber ends off -RRB- Weather-resistant -LRB- bike stays outside for everything but northern Indiana winters -RRB- CONS : A little heavy for the back pocket , although it fitsAttachment is just a tad finicky because it is plastic . But it shows no sign of breaking any time soon.Now I did a lot of consumer research before picking this one . This is a great buy . I wish bike locks were cheaper but they are n't . This is an inexpensive model that beats out most other bike locks and holds its own against Kryptonite 's NYC Forgettaboutit models , which you 're paying for a name , like Apple , when you can get an affordable and smaller Creative mp3 player ... If you need a good lock on a college campus , JUST BUY THIS ! Let someone 's cable lock be cut , not your Bulldog .
 I bought a new Schwinn Cruiser recently & quickly found out this Onguard Bulldog Mini Ulock/Cable does not fit the bike frame & attach object . The Cruiser bike frame tubes are larger & spaced further apart . I had to buy an additional larger Onguard Pitbull LS Ulock as well but am happy with the 2 ulocks because I can lock up both wheels now.Onguard Ulocks are the best unless you want to shell out big money for the most expensive Kryptonite locks.So if you have a larger bike , like a Cruiser , buy the Onguard Pitbull LS Ulock & save yourself some shipping .
 I love my bulldog mini u-lock ! I like the mini one because it gives less leverage room for whatever cutters are being used to steal bikes -LRB- or at least that 's the feeling it gives me -RRB- . Sometimes it 's a little frustrating when the only bike racks available are thick ones cause it makes it a little more difficult to lock -LRB- my road bike has the thick aluminum tubes . Even so , I 'm still usually able to lock it up . Just takes a little more time -RRB- , but if you have a normal thin-tubed road bike it should be perfect anywhere on anything . Do n't count on the the mounting bracket though . . it 's a piece of s -- haha ; luckily the mini lock is just the right size to lock up under my seat when I 'm riding . I have n't used the cable that came with it because the u-lock usually suffices for where I am , but it 's definitely a nice edition that I 'm glad I have in case I ever need to lock my bike up in more sketchy neighborhood . Overall , I 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a bike lock ! :-RRB- Get iiit!Oh yeah ! And I like that they include like 4 ? 5 ? extra keys too !
 This lock has been great ! I 've been using it for about 2 years now and it is still going strong . Just make sure to follow the instructions and NOT FORCE THE KEY if it feels like its resisting . The keys themselves are made of pretty cheap plastic , and my girlfriend 's key was broken inside the lock , so that one was wasted . . but mine has been fine . Her lock was n't all the way inside the cylinder because the removable lock holder on the `` U '' part of the lock was sticking out just a tad , and she forced the key causing it the break inside the lock.HOWEVER . . if you use it properly , its a great size and weight to carry around with you without having to fear about someone cutting it .
 I got this for my City Style bicycle which I lock up at the subway each work day.The cable is strong and I use it to lock my front wheel , I got a small 5mm cable to run through my seat and rear bike rack and connect them both to this lock using the Sheldon Brown method of U-Lock usage . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- I liked this lock , but it turned out to be a bit short for my City style bikes rear tire with full fender.I had to spend so much time jostling to get this around the bike rack and the bike . I do think this lock will work for many people and if I was willing to deal with the extra locking time needed I would still be using it.But I have since upgraded to aOnGuard Brute STD 5001 Bike U-LockIt is a touch wider and a few inches longer and also thicker U shackle and the lock is also thicker . BUT this added strength adds weight and if your in lower crime zone , I 'm in NYC so its kinda high , you could get away with aOnGuard Bulldog DT 5012 Bicycle U-Lock and Extra Security Cablewhich has the cable and is a little longer.But having said this , I do like this lock and if you can deal with the short U shank its a great lock.Sheldon Brown himself preferred the mini U Locks because it is much harder to get a jack in them to crack them open , no space .
 After reading many reviews about U-Locks , I purchased this one . It was often rated as the second best lock . The very best was a kryptonite , but that one is out of my price range.I use my bike for commuting to work , school , and everything , so it is very important that it be secure . Previously I was using a combo cable lock and it just I 'd cringe every time I left my bike alone.The perk of this u-lock is you can use just the U if you like , or use the cable to add extra security to your front tire . the U-lock allows me to lock my bike in spots in unusual places . Usually if you lock you bike to a sign , you can lift the bike over the sign and steal it . But with the U-lock there is n't enough space to do that.-Heavy and heavy duty-Large but does n't leave too much empty space-Comes with 4 extra keys !! -LRB- Somehow they know me ! -RRB- - Easy to use-Includes mounting hardwearAfter reading other reviews I was intimidated by the instructions to mount the lock , but once I checked it out , it was a piece of cake ! I suggest you mount this lock on your bike . It is very very heavy and will add strain to your pannier or backpack . With the accessories I already have on my bike , I did n't have many mounting options so it blocks my ability to step through -LRB- women 's cruiser -RRB- so I swing over the back now . I exercise patience when I remove the lock from the mount . It has a spring loaded clip and I must slide that , hold the mount , and pull the lock at the same time . The spring popped out once , but was easily reinserted . Despite the troubles , using the mount seems to be the best option . I have included a photo of it attached to my blue Schwinn.I am not sure why my lock does n't look like the lock pictured , mine is solid black but is the same size , same accessories and same model . The lock is 5 + stars , but it 's mount is 2 wimpy stars .
 I bought this lock for commuting in downtown Austin on a new $ 300 bike and have used it for about a month.Having read reviews on here , I was a bit wary that there would be problems with the lock and key . Well , I 'm happy to report that my lock has worked fine . Sometimes I have to jimmy the key a little to turn it , but it 's not a big deal at all.The lock itself is fairly hefty -LRB- I think someone said 2 pounds ... sounds about right -RRB- and feels very sturdy . It also comes with a thin metal cable that you can loop through a wheel for a little additional security.In short , all I can say is `` so far , so good . ''
 Light & small enough to go in your backpack . Everything to secure both wheels & the frame . In a pinch you can use the cable to lock a friend 's bike to yours as well.The first one I bought had problems right from the start with the key being hard to turn & eventually breaking off inside the lock . The company offered to replace it after I contacted them via email . I then mailed the old one back & the new one came in about 10 days . The key turns very smoothly in the replacement lock & I have no problems with it .
 I purchased this lock as a more aggressive form of security on a college campus prone to bike theft . I have perfect confidence that this lock will prevent my bike from being stolen , even without the use of the cable lock . I definitely appreciate that this lock came with a holder which is attachable to the frame of the back . That being said , it is the only feature of the package hat I would like to see improvement . The instructions to mount the holder are not comprehensive , which may make proper installation difficult . Assuming I was 90 percent correct in installing my own holder , it still tends to make noise and move during the course of riding . Of course , that may be because I just did n't tighten it enough . All in all , this product has excellent value for what I paid for it .
 It was delivered within a week in fantastic shape . It was everything I wanted and more .
 I looked at hundreds of watches in person and on line and chose this one . Here 's why : Style - very attractive , modern chronograph , understated eleganceMaterial - all titanium , brushed finishCrystal - synthetic sapphire , totally scratch resistant , unheard of at this priceDiameter - normal sized watch , as opposed to the current trend in gigantic men 's watchesCalendar - dateWater resistance - 100 m , screw down crownLegibility - white face makes it good in light and darkWarranty - manufacturer 's -LRB- not just Amazon 's -RRB- 2 years , renewable up to 6 years if you send the watch in every 2 years for battery and serviceReviews - other models of this watch have gotten top reviews . One criticism I had read is that the stopwatch function hands do not always reset to zero , but I have not found that to be the case.Alarm - easy to set , but wo n't wake me up , only as a reminderStopwatch function - 1/20th sec , to 12 hrs with rolloverMovement - Japanese quartz movement , amazing accuracy , loses less than a second per monthI ca n't say enough good things about this watch after using it for a month and a half .
 This ball is an excellent choice for competition . It has a soft touch and serves well .
 The chain arrived well packaged with a couple of spare links , lightly lubricated , and has yet to break . I was having trouble getting proper tension with a full-link chain , and this half-link chain solved all my woes .
 ***** This is an upscale designer water bottle , top of the line , and so much fun . The designs Of Sigg 's water bottles are gorgeous , from the plain , solid color bottles , to the ones with intricate designs . They are simply beautiful ! I switched from regular plastic water bottles because of health concerns , thinking it would take more work to maintain . These do necessitate regular cleaning -LRB- I clean mine every day -RRB- , but having something so beautiful to drink from makes the cleaning fun . Sort of like my rings , glasses , and watch , I now consider my Sigg personal water bottle a vital accessory , reminding me to drink more water , making a statement about my values , and expressing myself with a special design . Yes , all in a water bottle!Sigg of Switzerland water bottles are very high quality , made of light aluminum on the outside , slightly insulated , and covered with a special powder coat on the inside that prevents any leaching whatsoever , unlike plastic and polycarbonate water bottles . They are light , durable , and perfect for any activity . Well water tastes spectacular in these bottles , just like from the tap.Sigg bottles come with several different types of tops . I bought the screw top because I do n't like sports tops , and I do n't mind unscrewing the top when I want a drink . It is totally leakproof , which is important to me . The top is pretty and can be hooked onto a carabiner . I get comments on it all the time , `` What 's that ? I love it ! '' The sports top version is ok ; I just am not a fan , as I do n't feel like I can get enough water from the little stream from the sports top . However , for convenience , you might prefer it . For children , there is a cap-type top . All are leak-proof . If you are ever unsatisfied with the top , you can buy a screw top separately to fit your Sigg bottle.Sigg makes their personal water bottle in .6 L and 1L in this style . I have both . I use the .6 L for sports activities because they are smaller . When I wo n't have to carry the container , I like the larger bottle . Sigg also makes a smaller .3 L bottle for children that is a perfect size for young people . You can buy Siggs in alternative sizes too , such as .75 L , .4 L -LRB- for kids -RRB- , .6 L , .5 L . You can occasionally find this bottle in the 1.5 L size , also . Search Amazon for the perfect size.Pick a style and pattern you like , as this bottle is a personal accessory , and should reflect your style . The colors are vibrant and even prettier than they seem in the pictures on Amazon.They are expensive , but they are so durable that you can plan on them lasting many years . I consider them both an accessory and an investment in my health , so they are well worth it value-wise for me.Highly recommended . *****
 This is a great badminton net ! It may be `` economy '' , but it sure is better than the last one I had . This is as good as I will ever need a badminton net to be . I completely recommend this product !
 From both my professional viewpoint as astronomer and as avid amateur photographer with 40 years of experience - optical qualities of this scope are better than expected , particularly when one has price point in mind . Image is crisp and aberration free with great contrast . I have yet to see how it behaves in harsher environment but mechanical feel of controls also instills confidence . Definitely quality deserving Nikon brand reputation .
 As with any product from Carhartt , the quality is excellent . I bought at a very good price during a promotion on amazon . It fits my son very well .
 I 'd been fishing Hula Poppers for years until this summer when I picked up one of these - now I rarely bother with anything else in topwater situations . I 've just had such tremendous luck with the Super Spook Jr. that it 's become my go-to during those early mornings or sunsets when the bass are prowling the surface . It 's heavy enough that you can cast it tremendously far , and playing the lure with the walk-the-dog - technique is immensely fun .
 I love this for peacock bass . Changed out the hooks and the split rings for heavier duty because of the size of the fish but great lure .
 this is by far the best lure in my arsenal for Sea Trout . Also caught a large red fish on it .
 i thought a handball was the big soft blue ball you play with your hand but it wasnt . Instead it was a small hard ball that hurts
 This was a great purchase . We were very satisfied and would recommend this vendor to others . The experience was positive .
 My cupholder blew away and i needed a new one . This one fit fine and does the job . It is a cupholder , and not much can be said about it other than it does its job .
 It took about 10 days to arrive . There is a nipple on the bottom so I had to saw it off to fit .
 Purchased as gift for father-in-law who is a die-hard fan . Great product !
 These work well with my style of TENS and are sticking beautifully . I recommend that SONIC TECHNOLOGIES consider shipped things such as this -LRB- not very expensive medical equipment -RRB- via USPS with delivery confirmation - saving the end customer - this would make the product more affordable to acquire . No problem with the product -- would buy it again and am pleased in all aspects with it .
 The photo shows the sticky black side , the other side is a white fabric . They were exactly like the ReliaMed Pads that came with my ReliaMed TENS unit . Fits exactly . You may get two uses out of each set , but I do n't bother trying .
 I received my order about a week ago . Will reorder today . They are fantastic . Easily reusable , but at these prices you do n't need to . I do , just because I am `` old school '' , but I sure do n't worry about pulling another one out . Have had some that were much more expensive not work near as well .
 I purchased this to replace the old ones I had . They are better quality and stick a whole lot better . It 's a little pricey but you get what you pay for . Excellent buy , I will return when I need to .
 This is a quality shirt . My daughter is on an all star soccer team and loves this shirt . She is proud to play soccer and the shirt depicts the way she plays .
 My 11-year old absolutely loves his defense t-shirt ! Super fun shirt to show off is position ! If you want a unique gift for the soccer fanatic , this is the way to go !
 It is a nice T-shirt and I get a lot of comments about it from strangers . Overall the shirt is nice made of 100 % cotton and is pretty good quality with no shrinking . Transaction was smooth and fast delivery .
 This is the second pair of hip waders from Hodgman that my husband has owned . The first pair lasted several years - a crack on the bottom had started a slow leak in one of the boots ... he patched with sealer which did the trick , but , eventually that stopped working . He would ONLY allow me to purchase this EXACT pair of hip waders because the spare pair he owned , which were NOT Hodgman 's , were crap . VERY SATISFIED and would HIGHLY recommend to someone looking for this style wader .
 I just ordered my second pair had the first one for many years . They are EXCELLENT . The old ones FINALLY wore out I would buy these over any no matter the price ... And amazon 's price is the best on the net and the only place with my size -LRB- for some reason -RRB- Draw string prevents water coming in if you go over the top -LRB- great feature -RRB- , fast and easy snap on straps , Comfortable , long lasting , felt soles .
 It 's difficult today trying to find a good pair of well made hip wading boots . Most fly-fishermen tend to wear chest waders , even though many of our eastern USA trout streams are fairly shallow . For this reason , it 's hard to find a good pair of felt soled hip waders . This particular set which I recently purchased are well made , with nice thick felt soles , the belt straps are easy to adjust and the quick release clips are of a good quality . My only negative , and it 's not too great a negative -LRB- hence the 4 star rating -RRB- is that these boots are made of really thick , heavy material -- I would prefer boots with this quality of construction with a lighter material.Would I recommend these ? Yes , absolutely , but I would caution the buyer that these are heavy weight .
 the price was right and the product was just what I wanted . No leaks and they do n't slip on wet rocks .
 Not great for snow deeper than a few inches , but with a little more muscle it will get the job done .
 I bought this based on some good reviews . Wanted it for next winter when my little granddude will be 14 months old . I will replace the rope on it , as I believe , was suggested by other reviewers .
 18 mo old daughter loves this sled . She has no problem sitting upright and looks very comfortable in it . It pulls very well and never tips over on groomed trails . It tracks straight behind me and has almost no drag when I pull it . If I pull her fast and let her slide by me it will spin out , which she loves , but never come close to tipping over . In deep snow -LRB- &#62; 12 &#34; -RRB- it was a bit of a pain to pull and came close to tipping into my boot holes a few times . But after a few laps it had made its own track which has been good for days . The pull rope is about 6 &#34; to a foot too short for me -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 0 &#34; -RRB- but is easy to fix with a new rope .
 They both have been enjoying them tremendously . And they are so much safer than the typical saucer sleds with no strap ins.Great buy !
 Very stable sled for very young ones . Does n't tip over , just spins around . Slides on anything , a little snow , a lot , or even a carpet is good .
 My three year old granddaughter loves this sled . It is the perfect size for a toddler . She can sit comfortably and is safe.We even use it to play &#34; snow sledding &#34; and &#34; going to the store &#34; inside . Someone commented in another review that the rope was too short . We redid the rope by tying knots in both ends and had plenty of lead to pull the sled.What a great bargain . I highly recommend it .
 This was THE sled my son-in-law chose for his 20-month old daughter . Not just because she could be pulled in it and pushed down small hills , but also because she could load it up with whatever and push it around herself which she loves to do ; and it was light and could easily be put in the car . I had to go to Amazon to find one because any stores that carried them were sold out , but I managed to get it in time for Christmas . The weather cooperated and everyone seems quite happy .
 It is the perfect size for our 15 month old daughter . She is of average height/weight and it 's just right for her . As she gets taller though I think her feet will hang off the front so she likely wo n't be able to use it next winter . After reading all the other reviews , I had bought an extra rope for this but we did n't use it . I am 5 ' 1 &#34; and my husband is 5 ' 10 &#34; and it was fine for us , but a little longer would be nice . She had lots of fun in it but I wish we could get use out of it for more than one season . Would definitely recommend though for the little ones .
 I bought 2 of these for our twin grandaughters who are 2 . They are perfect for them . Safe and buckled in and the rope is long enough for an adult to pull them around in . They also work really well on the carpet in the house and the girls could pull each other around . Fun item .
 No snow ... no problem !!! My two year old great grand daughters just love their toddler sleds for transporting their favorite toys around or just sitting in them , surrounded by their books quietly `` reading '' . Just imagine the fun they will have when winter arrives . These sleds are sturdy and just the right size for toddlers . Great product !
 We ordered this for our 2 year old . There were no other sleds available for toddlers so we chose this one , due to lack of options . It 's a decent sled , but lacks any type of wow factor . The pull string was too short -LRB- probably done for liability purposes -RRB- . It worked just fine though and our 2 yr old enjoyed pulling it around as well .
 I bought this little sled for my 2 year old grandson . It holds him securely , is easy to pull . A great price for a very useable sled
 Great toddler sled ! Sturdy and offers protection for toddler sitting in sled ! Great for pulling child in snow - not for sliding .
 Great gift came on time our grandson loved it it was his first time in the snow so got lots of smiles
 Very nice size for a toddler . This will be fun in the snow with little one all bundled up . Great Price and speedy delivery .
 Perfect size for a my 2yr old niece . Seat has a grip for their bottom so they cant slide out and seatbelt works wonders . I cant saying enough about how great this is .
 Very lightweight and the perfect size for a 3-year-old . But we have to wait for some snow to see how sturdy it is .
 One sled arrived as pictured . The other came at a later date -LRB- back ordered ? -RRB- . I did n't open the box immediately -LRB- it was for a birthday present -RRB- . I assumed it was the same sled as it was in the same type box etc. . When it came time to wrap the birthday present , here it was a different sled , similar but with flanges on each side and not quite the room to sit . I was disappointed . : -LRB-
 I love it ca n't wait to use it . Very durable we 'll made our toddler grand child fits great high back . I would buy this again .
 A little smaller than I thought it would be , but my Grandson will have fun with his Dad and Mom pulling him on it .
 Great for our 1 and 1/2 to 2 year old grandson last season . Our driveway is slightly sloped and it was fun to let him go and watch him slide without fear of tipping over . He outgrew it quickly , though , and we had to invest in a larger sled this year ! The pull rope is rather short , but easily replaced with a longer rope .
 Our family received the Paricon 625 Baby and Toddler Plastic Sled as a hand-me-down . I 'd given up on using sleds for my babies and toddler 's after our experience with the expensive -LRB- but lovely -RRB- yet completely useless and dangerous wooden sled by Flexible Flyer -LRB- their baby sled -RRB- . So we gave this a try and it works!The high sides of the sled help support the baby or toddler . It is deep and a cushion or folded blanket can be placed to make the bottom more comfortable . Blankets can be wrapped around the child as well to make the sides more soft and comfortable to lean into.I 'll be honest the bright plastic one piece construction is not beautiful to me , but it works . It is thick and solid and functional . The sled pulls easily with the attached rope . It glides across the snow with ease.This sled never tipped over due to the child 's weight being at the back -LRB- like the other brand sled we owned -RRB- . This sled is so sturdy that when we were finished I passed it down to a third family to use.This is a practical sled that works that is safe and durable . What more can you ask ?
 We bought this in a yard sale several years ago . We used it for the last four years to pull two children in it from home to daycare on snow days and more recently the children have used it to slide down the road on our cul de sac.Great to drag or to slide down hills . Has withstood all sorts of harshness including some dragging over crossroads roads where the snow had been shoveled.Very sturdy !
 We really like this product . It is easy to get in and out of and very light , but sturdy . The only complaint is that the cord should be longer , but it is easily replaced . Well worth the money . Let it snow !
 We unfortunately , have not yet had snow , but this was , by far , the best Christmas present my 2 year old received this year . She managed to convince everyone around her to pull her around the house the entire day , and continues to do it every time she gets her hands on it . And when we 're not pushing her , she puts her dolls and Elmos in it and pushes them.There are ocassional presents that you feel good about making the investment in terms of getting your money 's worth . This was definitely one of those.Also , in terms of delivery . I ordered it the Wednesday before Christmas , and it was in my driveway by Friday .
 I ca n't review this sled from amazon , however , I did purchase this sled from another site . I know people complained that the cord is too short , but this is VERY easy to remedy . Just untie the knot and make 2 separate knots at each end . It make the cord the perfect length . Not only is it a breeze to pull your child in it , it works great for regular sledding downhill as long as it 's a clear area . It really does n't topple over ever . Just make sure you strap your child in . My daughter was the envy of every other toddler and their parents , seeing how easily she could slide downhill . It worked better than most of the sleds for bigger kids . We have had an amazingly fun time with this pull sled . It also is a godsend in snowy weather when the stroller becomes impossible.The only thing that was strange is how it keeps on saying that the seat is padded , but it really is n't . It did n't seem to bother my daughter through her thick winter clothing though .
 Like the other reviewers said , the cord is too short , so expect to replace it as soon as you get it.The sled was great fun last winter , and I 'm sure it will be just as fun this winter . My only minor complaint is that it is n't very wide in the bottom , and with a kid in it , it becomes fairly top-heavy . Half the time you are letting the passenger slide down a hill , it will topple over to one side , especially if your kids moves around a little.Other than that , great fun at a great price .
 This sled was a Christmas gift to my nephew . As we had a very brown holiday I did not get a chance to see him in action , but it worked well enough to `` sled '' around the house . It seems well made and durable , and perfect sized for a two year old -LRB- he can probably still use it for another couple of years -RRB- . Great gift at a good price !
 I bought this for my 1yr old son to pull him around in . Unfortunately , it stopped snowing after I bought it . So while I can not comment on it 's `` sledding '' abilities yet . It makes a good alternative toy box in the off time .
 I love this sled my daughter is 3 months and i put her in it , , , with a pillow behind her but its a great but
 Great deal . My 15 month old loves to be toted around in it . The only thing that was weird , was that packaging . It was sent in brown mailing paper with a bunch of tape wrapped around haphazardly . No damage , just strange .
 Looks very steardy but did not come with a seat pad . We ended up glueing some foam to the sled . Otherwise , it appears well made . Also , it came in `` red '' instead of green .
 Have n't used it in the snow yet but it seems to be a well made inexpensive plastic molded sled for the little ones . Slides well on the carpets too ! Has a nice security strap insideParicon Toddler Boggan Sleds
 Purchased this item as a gift for friends who LOVE to play Hand and Foot card game - requires up to six decks of cards . Six decks are very difficult to shuffle and especially when cards have been put into same card stacks to win ... . Needless to say this gift was a huge hit ! I was worried about the quality , but happy to say it was very durable AND lots of fun to use . I would also highly recommend to anyone with arthritis for shuffling even a single deck of cards .
 I got this for my huband . He loves to shuffle cards now . It went over so good that our son had to have one too !
 Bought this card shuffler for my grandmother 's 97th birthday . She loves to play cards and it had become difficult for her to shuffle more than one deck of cards . The shuffler works well ... does what it 's made to do ... shuffle the cards !
 Love this large shuffler ... I play Canasta with a group of girls and we play a version called HAND & FOOT CANASTA , which is played with 7 decks of cards ... this shuffler makes it super easy to shuffle the cards ... highly recommend it .
 I got this because there was always conflict about how the cards were shuffled and the way they were bent . I thought there must be a machine like in Vegas that shuffled them automatically . No more problems with bent or bowed cards.The machine shuffles six decks rapidly although with a bit of noise . Once in a while a card or three will get sent down the side but you pull them and insert them in the middle of the pile and keep playing.When I gave it to my friends -LRB- it was a birthday present for Gil -RRB- , his wife commented about how they had one in the clubhouse and they never used it because it jammed all the time . We 've been playing canasta daily for over a month now and I keep expecting the batteries to wear out or the thing to jamb like I have read in other reviews , -LRB- & like Gil 's wife said -RRB- , but it has n't done so yet . I am sure that it will wear out eventually because everything does , even us . Great product ! I am buying another to take to Peru !
 The six deck card shuffler is great for canasta players . It takes the work out of shuffling two decks at a time with the conventional two deck shuffler . It came in very handy .
 We play `` hand and foot '' which requires one more deck than there are people playing . This necessitates a lot of shuffling . My old thumbs ca n't take much of that . The shuffler does a great job very fast . It seldom jams and lets us focus on the game and not the preparation . It was eay to buy , it was priced reasonably and it works great ! Also I received it in a timely manner . I 've had good results purchasing on Amazon.com and will continue to do so .
 Do you use SIX decks ? Do you play `` Hand and Foot '' Canasta ? Are you interested in saving your fingers , hands , and your cards -LRB- Use the 6 Deck shuffler ; do n't wind up with old-looking bent and dirty cards ! -RRB- Shuffle fast , accurately , and nearly labor free . Oh , DO give it a go ...
 I have owned and played cards with this shuffler for a couple of years now and have had very few problems with it . We play a game called On the pot and use multiple decks . It 's lots of fun and the shuffler makes the game lots more fun . We keep the shuffler away from children and only one person uses the shuffler to mix the cards then that person hands off the cards to the next dealer . That way the dealer can cut the cards or hand shuffle a little as they please . This device is a little noisey but that is a minor drawback . These make great Christmas gifts . Great value for the money .
 I really really really like the prouct . I have played with this brand before , maybe 10 years ago . And still good quality .
 Noisy , but very good at shuffling 6 decks of cards . It would be nicer if it had a wood frame , but then it would cost more .
 IT IS GREAT ... WHEN PLAYING HAND AND FOOT YOU NEDD 3-6 DECKS OF CARDS DEPENDING ON HOW MANY ARE PLAYING . . IT TAKES TIME OT SHUFFLE ALL THOSE CARDS , , , THE SHUFFLER WAS FAST AND EASY
 Shuffler is really loud , but when playing hand and foot which requires many decks , it does the job so much better than trying to shuffle by hand .
 If you are familiar with the game hand and foot , one needs 6 decks to play the game and the automatic shuffler aids greatly
 I have a one deck shuffler and wanted one that would handle more cards . This one is fast but did hang up occasionally , .
 Like another couple who wrote a review , we play Hand and Foot and needed a card shuffler . I bought one for my family and we love it ! Another couple who play cards with us had a 4-deck shuffler . I bought them one of these 6-deck shufflers and they love it !!!! I think it is a GREAT choice !!!! We have had our 6-deck shuffler for 1 year and it works GREAT !!!!
 This is a good item helps when you have a lot of cards to shuffle we are at the senior center and play hand and foot alot
 We play alot of cards with friends and most of them have trouble shuffling cards so we bought two -LRB- 2 -RRB- shufflers . They are also a time saver and work well.tHANKS
 The shuffler performed as expected . We play in a monthly card game with three other couples , this particular card game requires five decks of cards ca n't imaging playing without this device .
 We are great card players and we use this all the time because we play a game that uses 6 decks and it is much faster using this shuffler .
 This shuffler is made of plastic with plastic gears so not sure how long it will last but it seems to be pretty decently made and it works great , especially for shuffling six decks of cards .
 We have had several of these . My wife uses one to play Hand & Foot twice a week . They do wear out . Her experience is expect about two years . At her rate of usage that works out to about 4 shuffles per game x twice a week x 48 weeks/yr x 2 yrs . = 768 shuffles before it is time to replace it . About 2 cents/shuffle . It is worth it!Also note above comments re more errors with older cards .
 Card players this is a `` must '' . . works very well with cards that are new or old ... -LRB- heavilly damaged cards will catch in ANY shuffler . -RRB- Great for people that play card games requiring several decks . We wo n't play cards with out it . !!
 Ever try shuffling 4 decks of cards by hand ? Regardless of your age , it ai n't easy ! We consider this product more of a necessity than a toy , especially if you are a senior citizen with arthritis , and still enjoy an evening playing cards with your friends . Now it is a breeze and we love it .
 Shuffler works as well as expected . Occasionally will flip a card over but thar 's not a big deal . Any shortcomings is more than made up for in not having to handle 5 or 6 decks .
 We play a game that requires six decks of cards and this shuffler works great in shuffling the cards for each round during the game .
 I bought this for a friend who loves to play Hand and Foot . It seemed like card shufflers were either $ 15 or $ 200 so I took a chance on this one.So far it 's held up well and shuffles the cards very quickly . We try to use newer cards and give it only 2-3 decks at a time to reduce the chance of cards flipping . I 'll update this review if we encounter any problems but on the whole I 'm pleased with my purchase .
 We bought this card shuffler because we had just learned how to play `` hand & foot '' which is a variation of the game canasta but it takes multiple decks of cards and it was difficult to get them all shuffled consistently . This handy little device worked perfectly and is a great conversation piece too !
 My family loves canasta . I am giving this as a gift so I have n't used it yet . The other reviews concerned me about it wearing out fast , but other than some casino grade shuffler , this is all I could find out there .
 I do n't consider this a toy . It 's more of a tool that speeds up our card games . It works well and I am pleased with it .
 I play cards with 8 people and we use 8 decks of cards . This shuffler makes it so much faster . We found that the shufflers with 4 C batteries work much better then 4 AA batteries .
 We play Canasta and the shuffler really comes in handy for 4 decks of cards .
 If you are expecting a shuffler that works quickly , smoothly , and reliably , you wo n't find it . Instead you will find that this one is inexpensive and works well enough . Some of the cards do n't end up properly stacked in the output tray . It 's not hard to live with .
 I would recommend this shuffler . It works well and I like the factthat the clear tray can be locked in so that it does n't fall out onthe floor .
 What a great deal . Purchased two shufflers for the senior center.they work great and save arthritic hands when shuffling multipule decks in hand and foot or 65 rummy .
 This shuffler works quite well with my newly purchased plastic KEM cards . While the shuffler will sometimes put cards down along the sides of the shuffled deck , this is n't too much of a problem considering we are shuffling a full six decks . This has been a huge time saver in our games of progressive rummy where we use a lot of decks . It is definitely made out of cheap plastic , and I can see why many reviewers have complained that the small black clips that hold the deck tray in place have broken . So far , it is holding up well , but we treat it with tenderness . All in all , I 'm pretty satisfied with it considering the great price .
 This shuffler really does shuffle 6 decks . It is slower and more efficient than the one we bought a couple of years ago . Works well .
 We purchased this card shuffler to be able to shuffle 6 decks of cards at once . It does what it claims to do easily . It could shuffle less just as easily . One thing I recommend is that you cut the decks of cards each time before or after you shuffle so that the cards get thoroughly mixed . We shuffle the decks 7 times because of the number of cards to be shuffled.WE are very happy with the shuffler !
 We play canasta weekly using 3 decks of cards , have tried a variety of shufflers ... The 4 deck model of this shiffler worked ok for awhile but then started having little but annoying glitches . . Shuffling one side lots more quickly than the other , flipping cards , etc. . Also very noisy.After reading reviews here on Amazon , I purchased this and we 've been very happy with it - takes C batteries which may have something to do with smoother operation -LRB- the others used AA batteries -RRB- . Shuffles evenly , a little quieter . Recommend it .
 Use this while camping and playing &#34; Hand and foot &#34; The product works well , but we used new cards . It certainly saves time shuffeling 5 decks .
 This item was brand new and was a very good price . We priced them locally and they were much more .
 I have had several of these and life span seems to short . I hope this one will be better although it is the same brand . It must be the only brand available .
 Bought ours18 months ago & turned around & bought our friends one for Christmas gifts.Well pleased & would recommend to others .
 Takes four decks easily . We like to play four deck Hand and Foot . It 's fast and thorough . Saves a lot of time shuffling , more time for playing . Bigger batteries and more power than a four deck shuffler .
 I bought this for my son who is 14 years old . It works well . You need to make sure the plastic guard is on when you shuffle or the cards will fly out .
 I have friends who have bought a shuffler and it has died in a very short time . This one performs very well .
 WORKS LIKE A CHARM , SHUFFLES SO MUCH BETTER THAN A PERSON CAN AND MIXES THE CARDS UP REALLY GOOD . THIS IS EASY TO OPERATE AND FAST .
 WORKS WELL . NO MALFUNCTIONS SO FAR . USED IT SEVERAL TIMES . I USE TWO DECKS IN THE CARD GAMES I PLAY .
 unit arrived quickly and seems to work well . Does not work with the smaller cards used in some games . Can be a little difficult loading the &#34; card catcher &#34; , but not bad once you get the hang of it .
 One of the better 6-deck card shufflers I have bought in a while . The springs are tight and the motor seems to be working great .
 This is a great value . The shuffler is fast , the cards do not bunch up and turn side ways . This makes shuffling many decks of cards quick and easy . I highly recommend this product .
 Shuffling cards is difficult for children . This product expands the enjoyment of games through the effective use of time , maximizing the enjoyment , and limiting the frustration of constant shuffling .
 the 6-Deck Automatic Card Shuffler is great for speeding up the rate of card games . shuffles clean 9 times out of ten and lasts for quite sometime on the four D batteries it requires . the only downfalls are
 This card shuffler makes handling the two decks required for Canasta so much easier . It 's especially nice for anyone who has arthritis .
 My son and daughter-in-law play hand and foot , and she mentioned that she did n't have a card shuffler . My Dad also plays and he has the same model , so I bought one for my daughter-in-law for Christmas . She will get a lot of use from it . My Dad loves his .
 We bought this to shuffle six decks of cards at a time , and it works perfectly ! Good price , durable machine -- we would definitely purchase this again .
 Bought shuffler to use for 3-deck contract rummy . Works perfectly once I figured out how to properly use it . Got 6 decks of cards included with shuffler . I use rechargeable C batteries and shuffler is fast enough to shuffle 3 decks four times while extra decks are being dealt a new hand , so no time wasted between games trying to shuffle by hand . highly recommended.New 6 Deck Card Shuffler Plus 6 Decks Bicycle Red Playing Cards
 I plat a lot of cards and it is very kind to hands with arthritis !
 This was given as a gift , so unknown how well it works in the long run . Reasonably priced . Takes the said number of decks
 We bought a more expensive one that did n't work and returned it . We bought two of these , thinking between the two of them we could make one good one . We have two working shufflers ! Yay !
 I just love my new crd shuffler . I play and and foot and its a breeze with decks being automatedeveryone wants one now .
 Works great as long as the cards are n't to old . I would recommend it . Use it several times a week .
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 Okay , so I feel a bit like Goldilocks at this point.When my nearly 10-year-old Wenger Standard Issue watch started breaking down -LRB- first the band , then in terms of timekeeping -RRB- , I went online to look for a new watch . I wanted a simple , elegant one that was reliable . But I did have some prerequisites
 This is my second St. Moritz Momentum Pathfinder Alarm Watch ; the first is still working fine , but I wanted the all titanium bracelet for this one . The screw-down feature makes them completely waterproof . I seldom use the alarm feature but it 's nice to have . What sells this watch is the lightweight all-titanium case and bracelet ; not at all like so many large -LRB- and heavy -RRB- clunky stainless steel watches I have tried . No negatives about this fine product .
 I 'd never heard of Momentum until I saw this watch on Amazon , but apparently they 've been around for a long time making watches for other companies . Their history , and Jon Morris ' review here on Amazon , convinced me to give this watch a chance . I have the watch now , and I have to say that I could n't be happier about my decision . I look forward to wearing this not only as my `` every day '' casual watch , which is what it seems to be designed for , but also as my `` business casual '' watch .
 I have owned this watch for almost seven years . It is the best watch I 've ever had , including the Seikos and Pulsars and Wengers . They are all good timepieces , and frankly more elegant , but for daily wear the Momentum outshines them all.Very accurate and durable , I have done sports wearing the Momentum ranging from sea sports to shooting sports to aviation and a lot in between . Not a hiccup from the watch . The crystal is particuarly admirable . It 's had and tough and even after all these years and activities , not a scratch on it.These watches have risen a great deal in price since I bought mine -LRB- I paid $ 120 -RRB- . At almost $ 250 as of the date of this review , I am not sure I 'd buy another one if my present one , say , got lost . I just ca n't see paying that much money for any watch except for very specialized requirements , which I do n't have . But if you 're willing to cough up the coin , you wo n't be disappointed in the watch . It 's a great one .
 When I got this , I was n't sure if it was real Trijicon or not , but I 'm pretty sure it is ; at least from the seller I bought from . It 's bright and excellent , it even comes with the install tool unless you like using the tip of a 5.56 .
 I like this a lot better than the standard sight that came with my Colt AR . I think the sight is plenty bright and it 's very easy to install . You do not need to buy a sight tool . The included one will definitely get the job done properly . This is a great upgrade for anyone with an AR-15 .
 Plain and simple
 The product is exactly as described . They are actual Trijicon sights and come in Trijicon standard retail packaging clamshell . It also includes the sight tool as indicated . You will need it to turn the Trijicon lamp around to face you when have finished zeroing the sight -LRB- assuming it did n't happen to face you by coincidence -RRB- . Installation was simple of course and took all of two minutes -LRB- for those that do n't know , all you have to do to remove the front sight post out of a AR-15 front sight is to adjust it up all the way out . There is a small spring , do n't lose it . Replace with the Trijicon post and turn it back down . Zero . Enjoy -RRB- The sight post is great , glows brightly , inexpensive and easy to install . I use this in conjunction with a Troy tritium folding rear sight and they work perfectly together . I have nothing bad to say about this product and would recommend it to anyone who would benefit from increased sighting ability in low-light situations . Which would be nearly everyone .
 Sight works great in all lighting conditions . Heres a little helpful tip , dont spend the extra on the rear sight it really screws with sight acquisition in low light scenarios when speed is a factor.I wish i had some more ammo to zero it better . I did a fair amount of research and found this to be the best bang . Dont waste ur money on any other .
 All you need to set it up is in the package . Lines up easy and installed in about 10 mins .
 Someone said they thought this item is a Trijicon sight post , and I can confirm that . Marked Trijicon H3 on the side . this is a perfect match with Troy tritium sights , or any other tritium BUIS you choose . Ends up zeroing kinda low with the Troy DOA tritium , but still get lower 1/3 cowitness with my RDS . You get the adjustment tool and a Trijicon sticker for your Pelican case . Great deal .
 Easy to install and glows bright . All I need now is a rear sight to match . I recomend this product .
 was very easy to uninstall the old one , and put in the new one . Was able to do it in a couple minutes , and get it resighted pretty easily too . I know mine was probably easier then it should have been , as I was lucky it went exactly where the last one was set , but was not too hard to adjust or adapt .
 The product description did n't specify the manufacturer , but the sight is a genuine Trijicon and includes a 4 point and 5 point sight tool and an extended detent . When replacing your stock front sight post it is important to use the longer front sight detent that is included with the sight . This will allow the two pieces of the sight to lock into position . It is n't necessary to buy a sight tool as it is included with the Trijicon sight.If you are into 3 gun shoots , or night shoots , -LRB- I 'm lucky my local range has both -RRB- then will want a tritium front sight post on your back up iron sights . This product fits the bill . Make it part of your Zombie plan !!!!
 This product is very useful when you have to make a shot that you just ca n't reach , Itis a must for everyone 's pool table . Some players call it their best friend.I would recommend this product to everyone that has a pool table .
 I have owned this watch for a couple of months , although I bought the version with the sapphire crystal as I had a previous Casio with a mineral crystal that scratched up pretty badly and I wanted to avoid that happening with this watch . I wanted an analog watch but I had come to love the snooze alarm on my old digital watch . I also recently had an analog watch -LRB- the same Casio above -RRB- that failed due to water damage so I wanted something more waterproof . This watch fits the bill for me with the snooze alarm , the well readable numbers and hands -LRB- with or without reading glasses :-RRB- -RRB- , and the lock down stem.The watch keeps good time and I love the snooze . My one complaint is that in order to have the numbers glow at night the watch needs to get light beforehand . In the winter I wear long sleeves which cover the watch so that the glow of the digits does not last all night long . Having said that , I 've gotten into the habit of taking the watch off a little before bed and laying it down so that it is near light . If I do that for 20 minutes prior to turning off the lights for the night I find that I can read the digits anytime that I check them during the night.The company has a program where you if you send it back once every two years they will check it out and extend the warranty for an additional two years -LRB- for a total of six years -RRB- . I have n't taken advantage of that yet but availability of the extended warranty was a consideration when purchasing the watch .
 I own the st Moritz version of this watch - exactly the same . I have gone through numerous straps and batteries . The carbon fiber strap was not that good . The alarm only lasted a few years before dying but the crystal face is fantastic - I use it as a work watch and it is still un scratched . The case has many very small scratches on it but nothing major . Lastly the glow in the dark is not that good at all and the date is hard to set , the screw is hard to find the right detent . All that being said I would not hesitate to buy another , if only for the reason that the face is super tough and it keeps good time .
 If you do n't like big bulky watches , this one is very light , on the small size and functional . It is an everyday watch that you do n't really notice you have on unless you need it . It is not a trophy watch . I wanted a quality smaller size analog watch with an alarm . I did not want to be buying a new watch every other year . This fit the bill . It seems to be of high quality and no issue so far.The alarm is not all that loud but will suffice for me as long as I take it off of my wrist and lay it on the nightstand or on the tent floor somewhere close by . The whole face nightglow is nice when charged but if you tuck in at 9pm you probably wo n't be able to see it at say 4am . The chrono dials are tiny but that is pretty standard for most watches.I put some leather die on the strap to darken it , it was a little to rosey for my outdoor taste.Previous watches , Timex expedition and Wenger Swiss Army Watch . Neither of which compare to this watch in quality or toughness though the price point is a bit different . Currently I own a quality , larger , heavier Bullova but the St. Maritz Momentum is the one I like to put on my wrist every day . I expect it will accompanying me on camps , hikes and fishing trips for years to come . I like old friends better than the excitement of new gadgets and acquaintences that do n't last . Might be different for you . Hope this helps in your shopping .
 I 've been using JT Pro Flex masks for at least 15 years . They are comfortable , NEVER fog , offer great field of vision , are light , cool the flip-up lower portion of the mask is a must if you want your team to hear you from the back of the field.I tried the newer , sleeker , high-end masks , and I 'll tell you this ... they are prettier than they are practical . They are hot , fragile , scratch easy and when you yell , your voice is channeled right back into your own ears , while it is muffled to everyone else.JT got the design right with the Pro Flex . The rubber lower section will create more bounces than hits for you and , if you are a backer like me , you 'll probably just flip the lower-section up so your voice is even clearer and louder for your team . Unless a pro is sponsored by a mask company , he 's proably wearing a Pro Flex . If he is sponsored , he wishes he could wear his trusty old Pro Flex.Great job , JT .
 The Aramith Stone Collection of billiard balls are great ! The service and speed of the delivery was excellent . My five year old has no problem with shooting these balls , they roll so much easier than the ones we had before . Great product !!
 This was a Christmas gift for my father . The balls are beautiful Aramith has always had a good reputation and the seller has done nothing but increase it , as well as give a great deal to boot .
 Everyone that played with them were very happy with the performance . . My pool table came with a set of balls and we tested both sets and the Stone collection won by a landslide !
 These balls were not only stunning , but played very well too . They look like fancy easter eggs , which takes a little getting used to , but everyone who plays them are amazed . I personally do n't care how they look , but do find that they definitely have more action and roll further . An excellent investment for home tables .
 The seller suggested a size based on my desired fit and it fit perfectly . The quality of the shirt is very good . I am very happy with this purchase and would purchase again from this seller .
 The staff at Sun Protection was extremely helpful and courteous . The swim shirt is perfect - I wear it every time I swim . The shirt allows me to swim even during the 10-2 hours when UV is the greatest threat . My dermatologist heartily approves . Thanks
 Upside - minimizes sun exposure to torso.Downside - forms nasty airpockets , slows you down when swimming , feels heavy .
 I was pleased with this product . I ordered one blue and one white . The white is see through when wet like most swim wear , but they are both attractive . They appear to be well made . I have used them 5 or 6 times , and they have held up well even in the washing machine . No fading . Overall , I am pleased with this item , and I would order it again .
 This watch will do everything as described in the description . It is also very easy to program . I just wish they provided specs so am not rating this with 5 stars.The watch face is about 13/4 inches wide and 13/4 inches tall . Very bulky compared to the women 's original indigo ironman watch which I had in the early 90 's . My chest size is 40 inches and I set the chest band to the largest size , which just fits me . So . . if your chest is greater than 40 inches , you 'll find the heart rate band a little tight.I ca n't wait to use this in my workouts !
 I was expecting a lousy quality flag , but this one is thick and stitched very nicely .
 I 'd been fishing Hula Poppers for years until this summer when I picked up one of these - now I rarely bother with anything else in topwater situations . I 've just had such tremendous luck with the Super Spook Jr. that it 's become my go-to during those early mornings or sunsets when the bass are prowling the surface . It 's heavy enough that you can cast it tremendously far , and playing the lure with the walk-the-dog - technique is immensely fun .
 I love this for peacock bass . Changed out the hooks and the split rings for heavier duty because of the size of the fish but great lure .
 this is by far the best lure in my arsenal for Sea Trout . Also caught a large red fish on it .
 Purchased as gift for father-in-law who is a die-hard fan . Great product !
 This is a very fun gun , it acts as the real deal only this gun does fire live rounds . I is built to last , make the same loud noise as the real gun if not louder . I recommend u buy this or any one of the blank firing gun if u want to have fun scaring people without phycially hurting them ... very fun and safe to use . .
 Great Blank Gun , however 2nd one I tried . Still to heavy for me , proper weight , balance & action . Just wanted a lighter one ...
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 I looked all over for this robe for my son-in-law and was very happy when I discovered it on Amazon.com . I was orginally concerned about the sizing but it turn out to be a good fit . Now if only I could find a different team for my son in a bigger size .
 Purchased as gift for father-in-law who is a die-hard fan . Great product !
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 As a woman with less-than-stellar upper body strength , this is an indispensable product when then weight stacks at the gym jump 15 pounds per increment . If only the gym would supply them ...
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 Shirt was true to size . Felt nice . Gave it as a gift and they seemed to like it .
 I was seeking a replacement for a missing fuel cap for a 20 year-old boat . An internet search lead me to Amazon as the best source . The cap , manufactured by Perko , was shipped promptly and fit the tank perfectly . This was an excellent shopping experience .
 Easy to install worked well , they are plastic threads in a steel thread so it may need to be replaced every season .
 to replace the cap on my boat that over time , had become cross-threaded ... it 's only plastic . New one works great but expect to replace it within 5 years because after 2 years , its ' threads are starting to get buggered too .
 Perfect fit and replacement on my Alumacraft boat . Probably should have ordered 2 since , I was not able to obtain it locally .
 Perko continues to build a quality product and the fuel deck fill cap is another fine example . The cap attaches to the filler neck so it does n't go overboard , and there is no rust or corrosion in my salty environment . Need I say more ? It 's a Perko product . Look around any boatyard where corrosion is an issue , and you will see Perko products on deck . This fits my 17 ft. McKee Craft skiff with a built in tank .
 Was introduced to this kooky device by my chiropractor & was very skeptical . I was having severe upper back problems with numbness & pain in my arm . Had never been to a chiropractor before , but the pain was so bad that I finally became open to the idea -LRB- having lower back problems , I was suspicious of having any `` cracking '' of my back - - imagined myself winding up paralyzed for life -RRB- . Need n't have worried as my guy was the best ; minimal `` cracking '' & he really focused on root causes , not just having me visit him for the rest of my life . Via x-rays , we discovered an abnormal curvature of my cervical -LRB- upper -RRB- spine & he suggested this exerciser to help . Now , I do n't know if it 's actually realigning the curvature as suggested in the product brochure , but I can tell you that I have n't had a bit of pain since the initial treatments from my chiropractor . It 's been almost six months , and when I started , I could n't use my left arm to turn the steering wheel & could n't sleep well at night . Now , no problems at all . While my doctor 's treatments certainly got me back in working order , I truly believe that this little device may indeed be responsible for keeping things in check .
 My chiropractor suggested I get this posture pulley . It works fine and is simple to use .
 The neck pulley is quite easy to use . I 'm so glad there 's something on the market that will improve my posture by improving the strength of my neck muscles without much effort .
 My neck has been in awful pain about 7 months or so . The chiropractor cracked it , that relief lasted a day and it felt MUCH worse afterwards . This exercise is easy and quick . I went to youtube to watch the demonstration and the advanced move . I also do the neck isometrics and for the first time in months I am feeling less pain . I also switched my pillow to a tempurpedic neck one , it takes time to get use to that pillow , they are kind of hard.Hope this helps .
 If something bothers the shoulder muscles , it eventually leads to the neck muscles . For weeks I was plagued by this problem which amazingly seems to have improved significantly through the use of the pulley . As a daily stretch exercise , I stand flat against the wall and slowly stretch it out at arm 's length and hold it for about a half of a minute . Every other day I do four reps of the same thing with about a minute in-between reps. I thought the same thing as another reviewer who says you could perform the pulley 's action without it , but the pulley makes the exercise so much more convenient and effective . It appears to be quite sturdy . Maybe it should cost less , but the cost of a visit to the doctor who might not even be helpful settles that thought . Thank you pulley people for your product .
 This Spinervals workout takes the riders through a relatively long 2 hours and 20 minute endurance -LRB- Zone 2 and 3 -RRB- workout . Coach Troy , takes you through a series of sets that are geared to keep you heart rate no higher than Zone 3 . About 75 riders do the workout with you on a variety of road and Spinner bikes.I definitely found the workout challenging the first time I did it , mainly because I did n't consume carbs during at . At 2 hours and 20 minutes I would definitely recommend bringing along some energy drinks or Powerbars to get you through.One interesting note is that it seems like Spinervals is now sponsored by Spinning/StarTrac as the Lemond Revmasters seen in older videos have been replaced by Spinner NXTs . There is also a segment on the DVD from Spinning instructor Josh Taylor demonstrating the different Spinning positions on a NXT.For those of you who enjoy the Spinervals series , this is another great video . If your training for some longer endurance events , this is a great DVD to incorporate into your training program .
 I already own over a dozen Spinervals . I really like 30.0 for a couple of reasons : - Length . It is long enough to split into multiple workouts , or go for one long workout.-Intensity . Has some great longer intervals with a good intensity.This one is worthy to add to your library .
 I own several spinervals DVD 's and they 're all great for getting conditioned for the road . I 've only had the Muscular Endurance DVD for about 30 days . Although i do n't think I have the patience to stay on an indoor bike for the full 2-1/2 hour long training , I 've hung on for at least 75-90 minutes and found it to be a very good workout .
 I love this DVD -- even though I am not yet fit enough to do the whole 2.5 hour workout in a single session . I break it into four roughly equal sets and do one on each day so far . It has made a noticeable difference in my outdoor rides , which are in the Sierras and always have a bunch of elevation to deal with .
 I 'm currently pregnant and I 've been having a hard time making it to the gym on a regular basis . I luckily have a trainer at home and have been really thrilled to finally use my spinervals videos . You can split the work out into two hour sessions or if you 're up to it complete the whole thing which feels great . It 's great way to motivate and really easy to customize to your specific needs . I 've found that even if I follow the basic instruction without leaving the saddle and really toning down my gear I still get a fantastic workout . Highly recommend , from avid cyclists to beginners .
 I got this direct from Yukon.I 've been using it every other day for the last several months and it 's great.It offers decline , flat , low incline , and high incline along with a bunch of seat adjustments for many angle options . Sturdy and well made olympic bench with firm cushions and the nice option of having the dipping tubes.Leg curl/leg extension apparatus included.This bench is one of the better buys in the world of home olympic benches .
 Purchased as gift for father-in-law who is a die-hard fan . Great product !
 Used on cruise without any problems ! Suggest this if you are smuggling booze onto a cruise ship.-OUT .
 I bought this product for my first cruise on NCL-Spirit . I was NOT about to spend hundreds of dollars on liquor and decided to smuggle the booze with the rum runners . I was so excited to see my luggage sitting outside my room ... smuggling was a success . Excellent product , highly recommended .
 We filled 6 of these plastic flasks to put in our checked cruise baggage . They 're not detected by Xray scanners . Saved so much money from making our own drinks onboard vs paying the high cruise prices . Easy to carry the small & middle size ones in a purse or pocket of cargo shorts .
 Honestly , the manufacture misleads you a little bit on this item . It CAN be detected by x-ray , however , being it is pliable , you can mold it into the corners of your luggage and obscure it to the point it may go unnoticed . I bought two of these for a cruise , filled them with rum and stuck them in the cargo pockets of a pair of shorts in case they decided to search the bag . I even snapped the pockets shut hoping it would further conceal them . This was a success , but concealment is the key here . Do n't just throw them in your bag or you may risk losing them . The liquor did n't have a plastic taste , the bags did n't leak , they just worked .
 This is the first time they confiscated one of the bladders . Carnival is cracking down . I am assuming they found it during a random search but I am not sure . I have never had an issue before .
 Filled two with a Big Boy Absolut for $ 30 from a Florida Publix - saved ungodly amounts of money as a result.I brought two empty sports water bottles with me -LRB- filled them with socks to not waste space -RRB- , and used them on the boat to carry around the booze when I wanted to make a mixed drink.Overall , I was tripping * way * too much about them being found out . I 'd taken those water bottles on excursions , and in bringing them back , they were never checked for their contents when I had them scanned in my backpack.I would recommend packing these things in bags with just clothing , since in our case , the bag with a lot of electronics was the one that was delayed -LRB- did n't have one of the pouches -RRB- . But seriously , do n't worry about these things - knowing what I know now , I would have taken some more and packed some wine in them for the wife - $ 26 was the cheapest bottle on the boat.Also as another aside , I 'd purchased the `` Endless Bubbles '' soft drink package to make mixed drinks , and if you 're sticking with diet drinks , they 're severely limited - Sprite , and Coke . You 're unable to get anything like virgin bloody mary , or any other virgin fruity concoctions . I ended up just ordering room service tomato juice , and grapefruit juice . Bring some hot sauce and Lee & Perrins if you want to make anything exotic - long story short , you 'd probably do well not getting the drink package unless you plan on getting hammered full-time -LRB- sodas are $ 1.99 -RRB- .
 Just waned to update date my last review on this product , not only was this a great price and fast delivery it worked like a charm . My bags were in my room with all three travelers safe and sound . I 'm sure I saved a couple of hundred bucks buying much less booze than my last cruise , This is a must buy if your going on a cruise , only wish I had them on my first cruise .
 The reason for purchasing this item was for the purposes of bringing alcohol on board a cruise ship , specifically my single malt scotch . I was skeptical at first thinking `` how is a plastic container going to allow me to sneak it on board ? '' . Well , I was proven wrong . The Rum Runners worked beautifully!I gave my luggage to the people at the gate and just as we were setting sail , I received my bag with no issues and no call down to the `` naughty room '' . I even managed to bring on board 2 more containers filled with vodka and rum when we stopped off at an island with a duty free shop . I was the savior amongst my friends and we all had a good time without having to spend hundreds of dollars.Anyone planning on taking a cruise that does not offer an `` all inclusive '' package , I highly recommend buying a few of these . The bottom line is if the cruise 's x-ray machine technicians do n't see a bottle in your luggage , they wo n't suspect anything . Even people who brought mouthwash bottles were asked to come and watch the crew inspect the luggage . The Rum Runners work !
 great item ... wish they made larger 1L , 1.5 , 2L onesThey use the same cap , connector as the older platypus system .
 I used this year on my cruise vacation . Filled it with Bacardi , made sure the cap was on tight and rolled them up in a pair of shorts . No problems whatsoever . When we got off on the islands , namely St. Thomas and Puerto Rico , I brought them along and filled them with the handy little funnel and got back on no problem . Easy to hid . Saved me probably a couple dollars on my drink tab .
 friggin sweet . smuggles like 6 of these in my bags into my cabin on my Norwegian cruise line vacation . partied it up , but still drank it all and spent mad money on cruise boos so idk guys . its all on you . 5 stars though .
 This worked as designed ! I purchased two of these bags and was able to get this on board . I enjoyed having these and my ability to consume the alcohol I choose , when I want it . I am respectful of the cruise line to want to make money off of drinking and I had no problem purchasing drinks on board . However , this saved me money that I was able to spend on other fun stuff on the cruise .
 As advertised , these heavy-duty plastic containers do exactly what they are touted to do . They are highly recommended ! One need n't worry about leakage or durability -- they will last a good long time as well .
 Got them for my traveling and they work great no problem with glass they fit in suitcase well . Highly recommend them .
 Took these on a cruise ship and got through with no issues . I would recommend these to anyone who wants to save money by not paying for alcohol .
 Worked well in my suitcase ... no leaks , no muss , no fuss . Met all my expectations . Would recommend for any and all occasions .
 Worked out great for bring boozes on my cruise !! I have already told tons of people about them and I will use them again on my next trip .
 I bought this for going on a cruise and it worked great . It saved me probably about $ 200 in drinks . Highly recommend this to anyone wanting to save a little money on a cruise .
 Took a cruise in June 2012 on Carnival . This worked fabulously . We even came home with some leftovers ! Would recommend for any cruisers .
 These are a dynamite option for flying . They worked great but 1 did leak a little . We put them in Zip Lok bags as well just to make sure . The other 2 were perfect . Perhaps we did n't screw the one lid on as tight as we should have . I would certainly recommend .
 I used this for flask for my cruise vacation . The product worked exactly as described . Just filled , placed in between clothes and packed in my suitcase .
 We used these flasks on our Carnival cruise . We successfully got them on . We also put the flasks in plastic bags just in case but there was not leakage !
 Used this for a cruise and had no problems at all . No leaks , no detection in my suitcase . Its a bit hard to clean because you kind of half to puff some air into it for it to dry .
 This worked good for me . I would recommend this to anyone it worked like a charm . I just use a funnel and it was all good
 Took it on princess cruise to Hawaii . Worked great . Had no trouble getting on board . Sealed nicely , ca n't wait to take it to a ball game or another cruise
 Works great , went in our suitcase full and held up to airline and cruise baggage handlers with no problems ... : -RRB-
 Worked for me on our Carnival cruise to Mexico ! Brought one with Whiskey and one with Vodka ! Ca n't wait to use it again ! The cruise lines rip you off !
 I was so nervous security would find these flasks but they did not . We saved so much on alcohol ! I stuffed them in my husbands shoe and they did not break or leak . We are taking these on every cruise we go on !!!!!
 Got the job done . Saved $ $ $ $ on our cruise . Just the right size . Had no problem getting them on the ship .
 Just got these onboard the MSC with absolutely no drama . I had some booze remaining at the end of my cruise and it 's also survived a flight home with no leaks ... highly recommended if you want to beat those cruise drink prices !
 Took a couple of these cruising the Gulf of Mexico a month ago . Just simply packed in our checked luggage . Very well designed and quality product . After vacation , simply rinsed and allowed to dry before storing them for next time .
 This item worked great for taking alcohol onto a cruise ship . Just make sure to get all of the air bubbles out first before you load it into your suit cases , because the bubbles will show up as a different color on the scanners . Just a tip !
 I bought this to use with a Sawyer Squeeze backpacking filter . The threads on the Sawyer are the same as a soda bottle , so anything with soda bottle threads is compatible . This includes older Platypus bladders and new Evernew bladders . They have a spacing between threads of 0.12 '' . The spacing between threads of this flask is 0.18 '' . The difference is enough that it causes the threads of the flask to tilt and not seat flatly against the washer.I 'm giving this flask a full five stars mostly because Rum Runners quickly and correctly answered my question about its compatibility with soda bottle caps . They do seal tightly , without any leaks under pressure despite threads that do n't match . I asked the wrong question , and I 'm not going to fault Rum Runners for that .
 My husband and I are so happy with this product that we are ordering more ! We have also passed the word on to friends who have ordered them as well . They are great for cruise ships , as they pass through the x-ray in checked luggage . They are also wonderful for other kinds of traveling , as they do n't take up much room in luggage , they are leak-proof , and they do n't weigh you down . We love them !
 These are very handy for traveling . highly recommended if you are going on a cruise & want to sneak ` alcohol ' on board to save on the added expense of alcoholic drinks
 I originally bought this in anticipation of our cruise after reading all of the reviews , but have used it many times already . It 's great for motorcycle trips , baseball games , just about any outdoor activity where you do n't want to or ca n't carry a flask . I 'm going to order a couple more of the larger ones for the cruise . FYI , if you lose the cap bottled water caps will work .
 Like everyone else sense , this is a great way to get alcohol onto a cruise . Everyone in my party used these to carry alcohol onto the ship in both checked and carry-on bags . The carry on was an accident but it worked out ok . You will save a TON OF $ $ $ $ if you use this . Happy Cruising everyone !!! = -RRB-
 This item showed up quick . 2 days it was in the box . Hats off with regular shipping . The product worked great . Between two couples we took 4 of these to Florida in our checked bags on the plane . Just follow the included instructions on how to fill and store . We added putting them in 1 gallon zip lock freezer bags . Enjoy your drinks your way no matter where you go .
 highly recommended if you are going on a cruise & want to sneak ` alcohol ' on board to save on the added expense of alcoholic drinks
 They do exactly what they claim . Enabled an inexpensive and very fun Caribbean cruise . Checked bags with them inside with no problems . Highly recommended !
 Product worked as advertised . Just got back from my cruise , on which I took two 32oz . They were easy to hide in the luggage and they did n't leak . The only negative comment is that you can only fill them to 80 % capacity . This is per the manufactures instructions , who also recommend no more than two per suitcase . That is why I rated this product as a 4-Star . Anyway , got my Brandy on board and I had a great time . I may need to buy an extra one to offset the 20 % loss per container . Happy Trails .
 Wow ... this was a neat little smuggler that I do not regret buying . Easy to fill and easy to use . Best little gadget for our cruises .
 Have used these containers for years and needed a couple more . I like . Great for travel and easy to clean and reuse . I would recommend this product .
 great for getting alchol on cruise ships saved me lots of money on bar bills no leaking easy to pack
 We took two onto our Royal Caribbean cruise last week . One in each suit case . Got through without a problem .
 We had two 32 oz . Traveler Bags filled with our selected `` beverage '' for our latest cruise . We packed them in additional plastic bags , put a couple of other items around them , and placed them in our checked luggage -LRB- it does n't hurt to slip the baggage guys an extra $ 5 either -RRB- . Not only were we one of the first to receive our luggage on board the ship , our Traveler Bags were airtight , did not leak , and we enjoyed our beverages all through our trip -LRB- saving us a ton of $ $ on the cruise -RRB- . These are a great item and I highly recommend them !
 I just ordered 2 more of these . Perfect for crotch concealment of your favorite beverage . No leaks , no metal ... no problem !
 Everyone knows why you buy a plastic flask . I purchased mine before going on a Carnival cruise to Mexico . I followed the directions to a T and it worked perfectly . A 16oz will hold 1 liter of booze . You squeeze the air out and roll it up and put it with your shoes or clothes . It was nice to have on board . You could make a drink before dinner or after dinner . I still spent a fair amount on the ship ... it was just a nice companion to have . If you follow the directions it will make it too your stateroom without any incident . Enjoy my friends and stay thirsty .
 This is a great product . It can fit a bottle of wine or big bottle of spiced rum . I put it in my back pack and there was no leakage and got it into the concert without a trace , saving me tons of money . Bought all kinds of sizes and will be using them on the cruise I have coming up .
 These things are great , and I own several sizes . I got them primarily for booze . They are strong , stowable and dependable . Whether you are stashing some booze for a cruise , or trying to get the most out of your bar tab , these are highly recommended and the way to go .
 My Rum Runner did the job it was intended to do with flying colors . I will certainly get another one so I will have two for my next cruise . It looked kind of flimsey when I first took it out of the box , but after filling it with my favorite beverage and further examination I knew it was much stronger than it first looked .
 These bags worked perfectly for taking our own supply of adult beverages with us on a cruise . May need a few more !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Took 3 of them on the cruise , used just one of them and they work perfectly in checked bags or carry on . I believe they were not detected at all ever !! We filled with water and brought on shore everyday just to see if they would work and we were never stopped and checked ... Do n't use the water bottle trick anymore , they shake every time from our experience !
 We are going on a cruise in November and bought the bundle of 3 of these rum runners ! After filling them with warm water and then measuring everything out , I think we will have enough to make it through a week long cruise . Definitely follow the instructions and fill with warm water once they arrive then let them air dry until you are ready to use them . I think they will do the trick !
 Seems to be a great product , fast shipping . Will be using them in the next month . As a group we purchased over 20 of these . Hope it works
 Excellent product , I 've purchased several items from this company and the service is fast and the item is as described . It did the trick !
 Item looks great . Plan to use it on the cruise we are going on . Seller shipped very fast .
 Bought these as a gift for a friend traveling.they like them alot .
 This product was easy , and we were able to bring a variety of alcohol on our cruise . It was nice not to have to pay the cruise ship prices .
 We use these when traveling . They are safe and keep the liquid items in the traveler and there is no fear of it spilling into the suitcase .
 The first thing that happens as you enter a cruise ship is they take your luggage to scan it for bottles . All the liquor on a cruise is marked up to insane prices and they make more money if they confiscate liquor and give it back to you once the cruise is over and have you buy it on the ship instead.I 've tested these . They work.It 's not illegal to bring your own liquor on a cruise ... they just do n't want you to.Pack your rum in these and order a diet coke and your cruise cheaply . -LRB- Or whatever drink you prefer . -RRB- I never hid this on the ship though I originally bought it just to have a pre-dinner drink . Eventually I just poured in front of all bartenders . I was prepared to say it was Theraflu I was adding to my drink for a cough or something ... but I never had to . The bartenders do n't care . Its ' the cruise ship that wants to charge you a million bucks for one cocktail , not them . And corporate is n't on the ship.Since I 've used these on a few cruise lines , my friends have as well . Just use the small funnel and transfer your liquor prior to sailing . Do NOT carry these on your carry on bag . You can only check liquor .
 Very fast shipping ! I ordered it on December 31st and it was on my doorstep on January 3rd ... and that 's with a holiday and a Sunday in there ! They are very sturdy and I will try them out when I go on my first cruise on Sunday !
 First - the seller shipped so quickly ! The item looks great . We have not used it yet , but I still wanted to comment . I just ordered two more and will review again once I use the items for our cruise in September.We ordered two more because they did not seem that large , knowing that we can not fill them completely . We prefer to bring wine , and not hard liquor . If you were bringing liquor , one or two of these would be sufficient for a 5 day cruise . Keep that in mind when ordering!We ca n't wait to use them , and thanks so much Easy Traveler !
 Over the last fifty plus years I 've sat on a number of bicycle saddles . Hands down I got ta say that the Brooks B17 is the most comfortable I 've used . Bicycle saddles mate up with a very personal part of the anatomy and therefore are a very personal decision , but Brooks saddles seem to conform perfectly to provide maximum comfort and to minimum weariness on everything from highly technical trail rides to long road rides .
 It is really difficult to justify spending so much money on a bike seat . However , after using the Brooks Saddle for ~ 4 months on my touring bike , which I use for commuting to work , I am sold on this saddle.I 've been comfortable on 50 + mile days with bike shorts . The leather is high quality and provides a low-friction surface . I can definitely see this seat lasting for years with the proper maintenance . The copper looks great , but the only downside is that you have to clean and polish it if you want to keep it from oxidizing . I still think it looks much better than the black rivets would have.Tip of the hat to Brooks . A +
 I 'm currently training for a brevet series and am starting to rack up the miles . I find that my B17 Special growning more comfortable with each passing day . It 's narrow enough for fast spinning and supporative enough for long hauls . While the sweet spot in its tail section is wide and accomodating during tempos riding and climbs , you wo n't be able to shift your weight to its nose when the pace picks up , if that 's your habbit . It just is n't designed for crit-style riding and its nose is just too narrow and unforgiving . For long-distance training , Century rides , trecking and touring , this saddle is wonderful !
 I have been a serious cyclist for the past 14 years . I have tried a number of saddles and all have left me with a desire for more . I have been on a B-17 for the past three years and have been pleased with the fit and comfortable ride . Once you find the sweet spot for your sit bones , your butt becomes the least of your problems -LRB- as opposed to lungs and legs -RRB- . My bike shop also provided me with Brooks bar ends which really helps make my bike look terrific . Long milage riders will appreciate Brooks . The only complaint I have is the rails are flared out which means my Topeak saddle bag does n't attach easily . Small problem for so much comfort .
 This is one beautiful saddle . Sure it is a bit hard at first , but after only four 30 minute rides it was already starting to fit great . The copper is also classy . I highly recommend this one .
 They do n't call it B17 Special for nothing.I have had mine for about a month now and the ride is getting better each day.I got the green one.I just ca n't say enough about it.Go get your self a good seat buy your self a Brooks Saddle they have so many to pick from buy the one that right for you.I have now put on about 4500 miles on my B17 Special mine is the green saddle.It took a little while to get it broke in and get it all setup the way I needed it to be but it 's well worth your time to get it set right for your self.By adding proofide to it your saddle will break in very well all you need is put it on the top one time only and be sure to add it on the under the saddle as well just wipe it off of the top ONLY and leave it on the bottom.This will help your Brooks Saddle to last a very long time you will need to treat in only about two time a year for the first year only.After that one time every other year will be fine.Enjoy your Brooks I sure do enjoy my Brooks .
 Through 35 years and multi-thousands of miles of road and mountain biking , I 've owned five saddles -- two horribly uncomfortable seats , one good one that broke , two very nice ones still in use , and now this beautiful Brooks I 've installed today on my commuter bike . I 've just returned from a half hour spin , and I already know this saddle will be the best of my life.Yes , it 's as hard as ebony , but I know right now that its design ... form ... shape ... whatever that 's called ... accomodates all of the shifts of weight and angles that a cyclist 's behind requires while climbing , descending , and cruising . It seems to support and contain my precious bottom 's motion while allowing a slick transition between positions.I would n't head out on long ride on it tomorrow - I 've been warned about riding a new Brooks - but my daily few miles will be painless , I know , and I suspect I 'll be thinking about replacing my other two bikes ' perfectly decent saddles with Brooks.Why , oh why , did I wait so long to finally get a Brooks ? I guess I was afraid of the initial break-in . Well , unless a rider 's leaving tomorrow on a long , long ride , I know there 's no need to fear a Brooks . Even then , I think it 'd work out . A serious rider has a serious bottom.My serious bottom is happy .
 I got this seat for a restored 1985 Trek 720 Touring bike , which originally had a Team Pro saddle . Unfortunately the Team Pro saddle was out of my price range , but this honey-tinted copper-riveted saddle looks better and feels as good as the original saddle . I love leather saddles -- the extra weight is not a problem in my case , since I 'll be riding a bike loaded with panniers , but even so , the fact that Brooks saddles mold to your own anatomy over time and offers flex at the base of the saddle is worth the extra weight . Most saddles have a plastic shell that does n't give until the shock reaches your L4 & L5 discs in your spine . There are some alternatives like Fizik , which uses a special base that flexes , but that saddle wo n't get better with age . If you are restoring a classic bike or want pure comfort and style , go with a Brooks .
 I bought this to replace the stock seat on my 2009 Trek 1.5 . The Trek 's Bontrager seat was absolutely killing me . Rides were very uncomfortable , painful even . And that 's with wearing gel shorts . After some research , I decided to gamble on this expensive Brooks Saddle . Well , I 'm glad I did . The saddle exceeded my expectations in every category . It is extremely comfortable , despite being less than 1/2 '' wider than the Bontrager seat . It also has a shock-absorbing design that improves stability . It 's comfortable for long rides , too . My rides range from 10 miles to 40 miles . Due almost entirely to this seat , I increased my riding time by almost 40 % over last year . In fact I road almost every day all summer . This increased exercise led me drop to my weight by nearly 18 % in around six months , which was my goal . Would n't have happened without this saddle . I also bought the matching leather grip tape . The saddle was easy to install and took just about five mins . The grip tape was installed at a bike shop . Together , they also make the bike look about 100x cooler than the stock version , which had a white -LRB- at least they were white for the first week -RRB- seat and grip tape . Bottom line this is a really great saddle , definitely worth the money . I will always use Brooks saddles on any future bikes . A +
 In my opinion , outshines the current gel saddles furnished on all high end road bikes . Been the favorite of cyclists for over a hundred years for a reason . Excellent workmanship with a comfortable ride right out of the box that only gets better with each ride . Must treat saddle with Proofide as per instructions for max results and saddle longivity . High recommended .
 I have for years used the latest saddles with light weight rails and special cut outs and padding . Every two years or so the padding breaks down and the comfort goes away . I have always thought people with these old fashioned saddles were crazy . This year i purchased a classic steel frame and decided i would give the Brooks experience a try . I choose the special edition because i liked the look of the hammered copper rivets . When i frst put the saddle on my bike i had the seat fairly level and i kept sliding forward . I talked to a few `` Brooks guys '' and they all said tilt the nose up a bit . This seemed odd but I tried it anyway . After the first month of breaking the saddle in i can say the ride feels better than any of the other products i have ever used .
 I bought this as a last-minute , surprise gift for my husband -LRB- an avid ping-ponger -RRB- . The product arrived in a very timely manner -LRB- in fact , the exact day I needed it -RRB- . It arrived brand new , sealed shut , but with an empty pocket where the three balls should have been , and with no time left , I had to give it to him as it was.He really enjoys these paddles , says they are good quality and very comfortable to play with . I do n't know much about paddles but I did notice the rubber was thicker and smoother -LRB- did n't have the bumpy texture other paddles have -RRB- and the handles were a more dense kind of wood than other paddles I 've seen , though it still feels light.It only bugs me that it was missing the three balls , but that is my only complaint .
 Using it for a kegerator . I 've only need to fill it once so far . Not that we are big drinkers , but we have used it through two mini kegs and counting . It was easy to get fill too . Took it to my local sporting goods store .
 this is ok , u only get about 675 shots from this tank before refilling it . the company that makes this tank is also good.u get about 75 shots per ounce -LRB- i think -RRB- so for the price of this u should spend the extra money and get a 20 oz . tank .
 This self adhesive wrap is great for coving blisters during sports . It is not bulky and does not interfere with movement . It also works well for covering and applying slight pressure to a cut . It is a great addition to any first aid kit or sports bag .
 I ordered 3 of these Co2 tanks skeptical that I may receive some tanks that would n't have a full 5 yr life span , but I was surprised to receive 3 tanks that were manufactured a month prior to my order . There were some cheaper tanks available but the seller could n't give me a certain answer on what dates the tanks would have on them . So I took a risk with the slightly higher price from Amazon but was not disappointed . The tanks were filled a day later and no leaks .
 I purchased this exact same tank back in 2006 . So I have owned it for almost 5 years . I ran a Tippmann 98 Custom Pro Basic and this tank worked amazingly on it . I never had any problems with the tank at all , and it lasted just as long if not more than tanks comparable to it 's size . One thing to note is that most places that fill CO2 charge only by the OZ it took them to fill the tank . So if you are a small person , own a small gun , or play speed ball I would recommend purchasing two 9oz tanks because the fill cost will be the same and they are much more mobile to work with . But for me playing woods ball with a moderately sized gun this tank did the job I was looking for and after five years it is still working !
 I bought 4-20 oz co2 tanks . The price was unbeatable , the service was fast and the tanks work perfectly.Willy
 Ordered two 20 oz CO2 tanks and both were fresh and both have re-test dates in 2015 . :--RRB- They work great , just like any other 20 oz tank would .
 I bought this tank to replace two 12oz . ones that have reached the `` need to be hydro-tested '' phase . Not wanting to deal with finding someone around me that can do that -LRB- and liking the idea of a little more play time before refills -RRB- , I picked this tank up . It was packaged with a ton of foam . So , there was no risk at all of it arriving damaged . I 've always used Pure Energy tanks , so I had no hesitations trusting this one . Works great for what 's asked of it . No complaints what so ever .
 Real happy with it fired up to use for my soda fountain when I get the rest of the parts
 The tank seems just like any other tank , but it 's price is what stood out for me . It 's too soon to say it wo n't leak or have a horrible valve , but so far it does it 's job . Besides , Pure Energy is a trustworthy brand .
 Well i bought 1 of these and I shot 900 paintballs before i ran out of air .
 this tank looks like a PMI tank or pure energy idk cause i use air but i have a 12 oz that looks like it so i would buy it actulay i might buy it right now so if any one gets there comment back and tell me if its a pmi pure energy thing ok thanks
 co2 is the best in hot weather but if u dont have an expansion chamber dont use during cold weather ... but other wise this is a good size tank that will fufill all ur paintball needs
 I do n't play paintball . Mostly because I 'm not cool enough to know people who do that.But I do have a ship . And , thanks to this product , cannons . We use compressed air on our cannons and found that normal PVC piping -LRB- not matter how well done -RRB- could n't hold more that 100psi . Of course , normal steel piping is far to expensive per cubic inch of storage . Also , larger tanks all seem to have flow regulators that keep them from discharging too quickly.These tanks of course also have flow regulators . At least until one solicits the help of a crescent wrench , an oil-filter tool -LRB- essentially a band that constricts as you try to wrench it -RRB- and a friend or two.Of all the types tanks that I 've removed the brass from , this was by far the hardest . It takes two very strong guys to get that thing off . I assume for paintball purposes that mean 's its less likely to happen accidentally and become and unwanted projectile.For us it also means that re-threading them is extra secure and it 's hard to beat the price for the air storage capacity .
 Quick shipping , great tank , all is good . :-RRB- I dont think I got a Pure Energy tank though , but it is a great tank . BUY THIS , YOU WILL NEVER GET A BETTER DEAL !
 the item will be part of a gift for my son so we havent used it yet but it shiped very fast . Thanks
 Ca n't beat the price for this 20 oz tank . What can I say , it works and you save a bundle on retail price at walmart or other big box store .
 This is a must have if your Paintballing for a long period of time you 'll never really run out of CO2 !
 I got this CO2 tank couple days ago 11-22-10 and I was if ' y about actually buying it offline but I got it in the mail it said paintball on it in decent size box for it . It came to my door but I was n't home so I had pick it up at my local mail office . It was not filled when I got it so I took it to Dick 's Sporting Goods and got it filled for about $ 4.00 and I have n't used it yet but so far so good . It do n't l0ok exactly like the picture but it looks clean snd decent . . So , far it was worth it and I will be buying at least two more next time I get paid . If you are looking for a cheap CO2 tank espically a 20 Oz then buy it off of here ! You wo n't regret it and if you do you can always send it back . . lol . .
 This an excellent buy for someone looking to increase the amount of shots on 1 fill . It is so far the cheapest 20 oz I have found on the internet.I chose standard shipping and received the package right on time ! The packaging is fair and the tank is in top-notch condition except for a minor knick in the coating which does not affect the performance of the tank in the least . I 've shot about 200 balls through it and it 's performed excellently.Also the Hydro date is very recent : -RRB- GREAT BUY !!
 Purchased two and one had a bad valve but it was replaced quickly - all in all happy with the purchase .
 It arrived quickly . I am very happy with it it . No one can beat this price . It also came with a barrel sleve , which is a plus . I would buy it again in the future if I need another tank .
 it arrived with no dents thats probally the best part works real well i would recomend you buying from this company if your looking for a c02 tank
 Shipping for the tank was very fast . I priced this tank up here in Canada and it was selling for more than twice what it is on here so I ordered it and had it shipped to a border KinekPoint . Just drove down and picked it up along with a few other items I had waiting for me there . Have n't had the tank filled yet , but the it looks fine to me .
 Just Received the item and it is amazing . I had gotten a chance to get everyone in my team to actually buy this product and has been a success to them as well . Question how can i refill this tank ? in the paintball place or it has to be a specific place ?
 This tank is a very good value . It is a large tank which performs better than the smaller tanks , by lasting longer and reducing pressure drop .
 I received my 20Oz tank today , and at first I was thrilled . It was an empire bottle and not a knockoff generic brand . Being a scuba instructor , and being around tanks often , I knew to check the valve and threads . To my disappointment , I found the valve to be forced on as the corners were stripped . I also found that 2 of the 4 threads on the valve were pretty nicked up . As long as I find no leaks , and its simply cosmetic -LRB- We are playing paintball -RRB- I 'll be stoked . Afterall you cant beat the price for a new tank .
 This is a great tank for a great price . Have n't had any problems so far . I had it for only 3 months .
 I got this to use with my aquarium CO2 system and it works very well . I did n't need a lot of CO2 and this is much smaller than a 5lb tank and works quite well with one of the adapters that are available -LRB- AQUATEK CO2 Paintball Tank CGA 320 Adapter -RRB- . Even if you are using it for paintball and do n't have anyone that can fill these cylinders get the adapter and they will be able to easily fill it once they figure out how the adapter works.It did come with a cap to protect the threads and pin valve . And wrapped in bubble wrap.Be sure to take the adapter with you when you get the tank filled if you get it filled by a company that does n't normally fill paint ball cylinders . Finding a someone to fill the tank in my area was my only challenge . I 'll be ordering a 2nd one for a spare for when my existing tank empties .
 I just recently received my 20oz CO2 Tank . It is mostly like other CO2 Tanks , it is just this one is 20 ounces and has different graphics . It works great because at the paintball place I do n't have to fill it up the whole day . On my way home I stop at Dick 's Sporting Goods and fill it up with them . So , next time I go , the tank will be ready . This tank is very durable , and has safety measures to prevent explosions , which rarely happens . I would recommend a 20oz CO2 tank for you paintball marker .
 There is n't much to say about products like this , it comes packaged nicely and works fine . The O-Ring will crack easily if it is used in cold weather but that happens with any CO2 tank . Luckily that is a 5 cent fix and takes less than a minute to remedy . Does n't come with a cap unfortunately so do not drop it but other than that it will fire true , enjoy !
 i got it and i thought its was going to be small but this tank is pretty big and this tank is a good deal
 I recently purchased a paintball gun and it came with a 9oz tank . I knew right off the bat that was n't going to cut it . I found these for under $ 20 with free shipping . You ca n't beat that . I have read all the reviews and I ca n't believe the people complaining that they do n't come filled ? Are you kidding ? I 'm thinking it might be a little DANGEROUS to ship a full C02 tank . My only disappointment with this order was that the tank did n't come with a cap for the pin valve . The metal is very soft and any ding can harm the pin valve and cause it to leak or not work . I purchased 3 and all of them seemed to work . I had mine refilled about a month ago before I left the facility and I popped it on my gun the other day and it worked so it is n't leaking . Same goes for the other 2 . If you 're looking for a C0 tank I highly recommend this one .
 These are brand new and brand name . I ordered late on Wed and received by Sat . Ca n't buy them any cheaper nor get them faster
 This product is exactly what it says it is , but for a better price than most every where else . I bought 2 and may come back and buy a couple more later .
 Cheap to buy , fill and use ! i love these little tanks . They are a great backup for your main tank !
 DUDE THIS TANK ROCKS ... I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE SOME CRAPPY OFF BRAND BUT IT WAS ACTUALLY A PURE ENERGY !!! BEST DEAL I HAVE EVER SEEN ... THESE ARE 30-40 BUCKS AT A STORE !!!
 Absolutely love it ! It came in super fast and was in brand new condition . Even better the re-test date is brand new -LRB- 5 years till new hydroshock test -RRB- . The tank is perfect for its price , and very durable . The only worrys I had were the threads , but they themselves were in perfect condition too . Absolutely would recommend this , to anyone .
 un precio justo para una bombona de c02 de muy buena calidad ademas de ser empire recomiendo comprarla 100 % y con mi recoil se adapta excelente
 I bought 4 of the tanks to use with my four paintball markers . Each tank looked perfect and they all sealed with no leaks . They 've been refilled a few times and work great . All four where true Empire branded tanks . I 'm really pleased with my purchase . Well worth the price .
 The fire extinguisher place could only get 2 oz in this 20 oz tank.When it runs out , I 'm going to try a paintball shop.EDIT
 I got my tank it was packaged good , however was not a pure energy tank . I havent filled it yet but it doesnt seem like ill have a problem . Defiantly worth it .
 Had to pay to unclog the bottle which was highly annoying but a couple buck was worth it working then when I needed it and it is great now . 1000 balls and still probably half full !!
 The product ended up being a Pure Energy brand 20 oz CO2 tank , which I 've heard is a pretty good quality . So far I 've only used it once , but it seems to get the job done just fine . Very good purchase !
 I bought two of these from Putz Enterprise . Both were generic bottles made in Taiwan.I 'm not upset about it , but was kind of expecting a name brand based on the reviews . The name brand bottles must have come from other sellers .
 I bought this product and was pleased with the quality . Normally I would pay twice as much for A 20 ounce tank . I never use this though because I switched to air instead because air is way easier on your gun and increases accuracy . But this is a good starter for beginers who want a cheap yet decent tank .
 it is plenty of gas for a day on its first charge . if you are using a very high rate of fire , you may want to use compressed air in order to keep up with pressure demands .
 This was a great idea ! I got a 20oz tank for less and to top it off with the more co2 I outlast the other guy 's !
 Works great ! Brand new as promised , I already recomended this product to a couple friends .
 Good guality tank at a great price . I think that two smaller tanks would have been better for me though .
 this is a good co tank , easy to fill and use .
 Not much you can say about a CO2 tank other than if it works or not , this one works fine .
 Does the job . Be careful not to strip the threading though . Other than that great product , and i reccomend it to anyone .
 We bought four of these tanks and all of them worked fine . Ca n't beat it for the cheap price . Will buy again
 i used this an a couple other products to make a co2 system for my aquarium . the tank itself is nice solid brand new etc. got two of these filled up today and everything is perfect .
 The Empire CO2 tank appears to be a quality built canister . Very good value when comparing it to others of a similar quality . I am happy with my purchase and will buy it again as needed .
 completley satisfiedusually these size ones are a little more expensive !!! Thanks for making it worth my moneynow time for war !!!!
 Yes the best co2 for the paintball gun . . my paintball gun shots futher more then ever . I would buy this for a friend
 Amazingly the delivery was fast . This CO2 tank looks like it is used , but I am going to put it to the test when I go paint balling with my friends .
 buy an extra tank it may save you gettin killed when you first runs out in the middle of a game this one is 12 bucks cheaper than my local store
 Great air tank it has not leaked at all . And my record is getting about1072 before empty the tank is not to heavy overall great
 I ordered this as a refilable Co2 bottle for my portable air tools . The Kobalt kit from Lowes is what I got it for . It is a perfect fit and a quality replacement for the cheap bottles sold at the hardware store . This is the best price I could find anywhere .
 This is a great cheap tank . Its the best deal that i can find around , local sports store -LRB- dunhams -RRB- charges 35 $ for the exact same product . It has n't given me any problems which is good because I wo n't be able to upgrade to HPA unless I can regularly make trips to a big city to fill it .
 I bought this as a gift for someone who plays paintball often , and it was exactly what they needed . It was as described and arrived very quickly
 Product came in quickly and perfect condition . worked perfectly good with my paintball gun . Came in as described . I will definitely purchase again from this seller !! great service !
 Tank came in on time if not early , and it looks awesome . Tested out yesterday , and it ran with no problems . I like how this tank is nice and large so you do n't have to refill it often .
 Never lets you down , it can take a hit , made for rough use.Not recommended for light Paintball Marker users.Been using it for almost a 6 months now and I havent experienced a leak from it or a broken O ring .
 All Around i just love this its huge and can hold a lot of shots and easy to install in my gun overall i like this product
 I love this Co2 tank , I bought it for my tippmann a5 and have used it many times never had a single problem with it ! Also a very nice look to the tank , its kinda bright and noticable in woodsball though but otherwise I love it !
 Perfect for paintball and price on here is the best around . Already used them a few times and have had no problems . Hydro test date on them is n't for a few years so you know they were n't just sitting in a ware house for a long time .
 You need this tank with any spyder gun ! It will last you all day in the field and still have a bit of co2 left ! Cheap to fill ... for me it cost a lil more the $ 4 . And you wo n't find a tank this cheap at any store ! If you have the money buy 2 ! Trust me ! you will be happy you bought it from here and not at dicks , gander moutain , or wal-mart !
 Did ` nt have one issue with this tank.A steady hand and good aim will get you 2 and a half hoppers of shots before its empty !
 It looks real good , but can u just fill it with compressed air instead of CO2 ? I 'm new to paintball , any suggestions would be appreciated .
 There 's not much I can say about this item . It works , and that 's all I really care about . No leaks , it 's never cracked , and it 's stood up to some serious abuse .
 There 's not much I can say about this item . It works , and that 's all I really care about . No leaks , it 's never cracked , and it 's stood up to some serious abuse .
 This is probably the best deal you can get on any CO2 tank considering they are brand new PURE ENERGY TANKS !!!!!
 This CO2 tank is the best CO2 tank on the market for now , this I know of . However , some brands of CO2 tanks can make a difference between good CO2 tanks and bad CO2 tanks . Since it does not say the brand of this praticular tank I would be careful on buying this , but then again one of the comments mentioned that the CO2 tanks he got were decent brand names so I guess it is up to you to decide whether to take the risk .
 First off the tank was great ! it works very well . The shipping was amazingly fast ! I will be doing be buisness again !
 Bought two of these tanks and they work just as good as any other brand tank I have used . Would I buy more ? Yes .
 These are a great value . They are top quality and the vendor shipped very quickly . However , when we went to fill them one leaked . The second time it was filled it seemed to work . We ordered three of these canisters so that means 1 out of 3 failed . Hoping it was just sticky on the initial fill and it will be okay now . If it had not been for that I would have rated 5 stars .
 El producto fue altamente &uacute;til . . Excelente vendedor . Entrega rapida , nada roto o da & ntilde ; ado , buena comunicaci&oacute;n , LO RECOMIENDO ... . A + + + + Compraria nuevamente Gracias
 Good if you need one or a spare . BUT remember they ca n't ship filled tanks -LSB- hazardous material and cost-prohibitive -RSB- . Dick 's Sporting Goods filled it free for my son .
 This is a standard product for all paintball players , but because the price is one of the lowest I have found so far anywhere its a deal that should n't be passed up . The tank I purchased has allowed me to fire 1000 balls before it was empty , on average a 20oz tank should fire 900 balls before a refill .
 IT 'S SIMPLE , THIS IS THE BEST DEAL ON A 20OZ . TANK THAT I FOUND ANYWHERE ... I ORDERED 5 TANKS WHEN I GOT THEM I WAS SHOCKED TO FIND OUT THEY WERE A WELL KNOWN NAME BRAND , I THOUGHT THEY WERE GON NA BE SOME OFF THE WALL JUNK NO NAME CRAP , BUT THEY WERE'NT . SO IM BACK TODAY TO ORDER 5 MORE ... P.S. GREAT SHIPPING TIME AND COST . I WOULD GIVE THEM 10 STARS IF I COULD .
 nice tank , usually these size ones are like 25-30 bucks , but at $ 15 !!! you can not go wrong ! I have a 12oz now and it only lasts one war !!!
 if you are looking for a tank that is cheap but not a piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- well look no further ... this is the best tank ever . i own 3 of them myself andc wouldnt buy anything other than them !
 I got these for my son for Christmas and he says they are great . I am so glad I bought them through Amazon , I saved a bunch of money and got high quality tanks .
 Read previous reviews regarding using Empire 20 oz CO2 container for Primo Seltzer maker . It 's probably in the description that it 's empty but I assumed it wold be filled ! My bad ! Regardless , excellent idea and sooo much cheaper than buying Primo 's . Our CO2 refills cost $ 8.00 at our local Paintball place so it works out great . In summary I have purchased the Primo Flavostation 120 plus 2 extra plastic liter bottles plus one empire CO2 container . No need for anything else . I now have seltzer on demand forever ! It 's great and totally environmentally better !
 I got the tank within 3 days of ordering it and it got here in perfect shape .
 I bought this as an extra canister for my Primo soda maker . Fits perfectly in it and costs only $ 3.50 to refill at major sporting goods retailers like Sports Authority .
 I 'm a weldor . I bought two of these tanks for my mini co2 kit for my mig welder . They work great , I recommend them . Five stars all the way !
 I bought two co2 tanks and they both worked perfectly , no problems at all . More importantly is the fact that the shipping was fast and trouble free .
 Well i recieved this 1 day after I ordered it which is pretty amazing , already gotten it filled and no leaks or problems at all , Sent me exactly what the description said and the exact one in the picture as well ... cant beat the price or the results for that matter ... buy this product you wo n't be dissappointed . .
 I own one of these 20oz Tanks by Pure Energy . I think Pure Energy makes the highest quality paintball gear . I have never had a problem with this tank . I have also tried purchasing a slightly cheaper generic tank before and it leaked like crazy . Do n't waste your money , this is a good tank at a good price .
 totally good really good pretty pretty good more than good great pretty pretty great a total gas this is the only place i trust my co2 cannister needs to
 Gat Dayum this tank keeps going and going like an energizer bunny.Clocked at 280 FPS , Tippmann gryphon , over 1000 shots before i refill -LRB- was n't even empty yet -RRB- Extremely efficient tank , solid.BUY O RINGS . if you have n't already . Clearly where they save money is on the o rings.simple fix , just replace them.i had leaking issues after 3 or so fills , the o rings are not reliable.However this does n't impede how impressed i am with the tank . Great buy .
 Never leaks and the only reason i rated it 4 * 's is because it is only CO2 as compired HPA . Other wise a good alternative than spending 50-140 $ for a High pressure air tank and it lasts a while .
 This is a good product . I do n't know how involved I can be . This product holds CO2 . Then it releases CO2 in appropriate amounts at the appropriate time . I wish I could say that this product magically improves my aim or makes it so I win every game , or generates a force field that is impervious to projectiles . It does n't do any of that . It works . I have not had a problem .
 These tanks were bought to run an air nailer but I have not had a chance to use them yet . They appear to be of high quality with nice valves . I will let you know if I am not happy with them after they get used . It did not take long to receive them after the order . Thanks .
 Beyond amazing performance for the cheapest there is ... I bought 3 and I did n't have any trouble with any if them
 There is not much to say , this CO2 tank does the job . Recieved and filled two of them today -LRB- 01/21/13 -RRB- , after I got home I plced them in a bucket of water to check for leaks , both did leak from the rupture valve threads , one was releasing one bubble every two or three seconds , and the other one was releasing about a bubble every five minutes . I took a 10 mm wrench and tightened up the rupture valve a little , there was a slight give before rupture valve came to a stop , after that leaking completly stopped.So my suggestion would be to tighten the rupture valve before filling and you will not loose any CO2.Shipping and packaging was superb as usual from amazon . Thanks for awesome pricing !!!
 Successfully tested this ingenious solution to avoid SodaStream 's rip off rates for their CO2 refill offers . With a one off investment of under $ 80 the refill price drops by 80-90 % depending on individual circumstances.Here is a link to SodaMod - the adapter you 'll need to get -LRB- ~ $ 60 including shipping -RRB- :[ ... -RSB- And just any standard CO2 Cylinder -LRB- used for Paintball games -RRB- . I found this 20Oz one on Amazon for $ 18 : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0008G2WAW/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i01It arrived lightning fast , very well protected , new -LRB- 4 years 8 months till re-testing required -RRB- . CO2 filling is available at many locations . I went to the local Dicks Sports , where you pay 3.99 for a 20Oz bottle , plus you get a free one after 4 refills !
 Product shipped on time and is just what we expected . Could have much more at the local sporting goods store , , , but why
 These tanks are great . I ca n't understand how someone will spend double for these in the big box stores . The tanks , plus shipping was a lot cheaper .
 It is a very good product and good quality , is a 100 % recommended product , it 's a good choice to buy .
 great buy for the price , just a plain old CO2 tank nothing special works great recommended to all player all ages .
 No issues here the tank performed exactly as expected after 8 games and 5 hours of woodsball this weekend . I use in conjunction with a UFD coil remote . No leaks after two fills . I also have a Pure Energy HPA tank so the quality seems to be on par .
 Great price on CO2 tanks . Get new for less than you can find used on ` auction ' site of fame . Thanks .
 i bought 2 20oz tanks for the cheapest price around and free shipping . Came within about 4 business days and were brand new 2 Extreme Rage tanks that are in perfect condition . Bottles do n't have to be retested for 4-5 years . I highly recommend this offer .
 I am actually using these for pneumatic tools . I have a regulator kit that I got from Lowes , and these fit just fine .
 If you are looking to buy a co2 tank then this is the way to go ! The only down side is that you will need to buy some new tank o-rings because these ones break easily . Also the pin easily comes offset and co2 will shoot out the top like crazy when you unscrew it from your marker . All you have to do is screw the tank back in and when you unscrew it again it should be fine . I just bought mine at my local sporting store . You will not fins any other tanks casper then These ! I bought two and with shipping it was only 30 bucks ! I have only scene the same tank selling at that price for only one in stores . I defenitly recommend these tanks for a paintballer on a budget !
 Awesome price and the tanks come with almost a full 5 years before you need to have them checked out again . I play woodsball and bang mine around a lot on my back -LRB- I use a tac vest -RRB- . I have never had a leak or issue .
 As a new paintballer I did n't want to spend too much on my equipment , so when I was looking for gear I could n't pass up this buy.So far the tank is great . No leaks and I get about 900 or so rounds fired per bottle , which as far as I can see is about the average which is good . I 've filled the bottle a handful of times and got about the same results with each use . I 'm pleased with the bottle and will probably be buying a second in the near future before summer kicks in . I recommend this if you 're a new player like I am , or just need a reliable spare .
 I recieved this tank very quickly and had no problems with filling it.The tank is not pure energy but who can argue with a price this cheap.I was very pleased with my purchase .
 Recd this item quickly and was able to give as a Christmas gift . Thanks . Would purchase from again .
 Let 's be honest ... it 's a CO2 tank for a paintball gun . What 's to review ? The fact of the matter is that this is a name brand tank that I was able to find on sale for thirteen bucks ! These go for about twenty or thirty dollars in the store ... this is a steal !
 I OWN ONE OF THESE COMBOSAND THEY ARE GREAT FOR BASSAND TROUT FISHING I HAVE USED THISCOMBO FOR MANY YEARS NO PROBLEMS ALSO DO A LOT OFCHANNEL CATFISHING GRAT COMBO FOR THAT
 Used at Table Rock lake , Missouri for trout . It is the recommended length and works fine . Very good price . New in package , packed well , well made , no problems .
 First off shipping was fantastic . Packaged securely and arrived in 2-3 days.It holds the tlc cone , and has a nice deep groove to catch the dust.It does come unassembled . It requires 2 screws to be inserted into pre-drille holes from the back and into pilot holes in the horizontal piece that the cone sits on . Plus you have to screw the center pin in as well . Then you even have to mount it to your own wall.I read a few bashing this and had to laugh . Sorry for my sense of humor . If I could nitpick anything there are no instructions for assembly and different types of screws are included so it may be difficult to figure out which screws are for mounting and which were for assembly . However if you have ever managed to successfully hang a picture on the wall you should be able to figure this out.Great Seller . Grear Shipping . Product as advertised . Would buy again .
 Living part of the year in sunny Florida AND wearing prescription glasses at all times , I was so happy to discover Cocoon sunglasses that you just put on top of your regular glasses ... Not only your eyes ares completely protected - top and sides - but it is very cmfortable due to the flexibility of the frame.Besides that ; you do not look like an old lady at all , since the proper fitting size -LRB- yes , there are different sizes , and also different frames to choose from - Fun ! -RRB- has a fashionable shape , and nobody can see that you wearing in fact 2 pairs of glasses ... So practical and quick to take them off if the sun gets away ! An excellent product , worth of the money .
 This is my 3rd pair of Cocoon sunglasses . They 're comfortable plus they block sunlight on the side as well as the front ! If you knew me , you 'd know I purchase 80 % of my wardrobe from thrift or consignment stores , BUT when it comes to my shoes , underware , and sunglasses , -- I only buy the BEST !!!! NEW !!!! Amazon carries Cocoons year round !
 This is a great product , I would recomend it to drive and walking outdoors on weekends . It 's awesome how the medicated glasses fit with this ones .
 Bought these for my Mother who has macular degeneration , based on the positive reviews . They did not steer me wrong . Mom loves these , and they are a vast improvement over her dark wrap-arounds she was wearing . The dark lenses also made it too difficult to see where she was going - they dulled what little vision she had . The copper lenses really let her see so much more while protecting her eyes . These are well made glasses with a very nice carrying case . I did hesitate at first because of the price , but they were well worth it .
 The glasses fit snuggly over my prescription glasses . The gray color protects from the glare and work like sun glasses quite effectively .
 I started with one pair and have added two more , now have a pair of yellow and surprise to me they do help . At 77 vision at night is different , however with the yellow ones they help , also on cloudy days . Also wear them when shooting.The regular ones I sometimes wear for hours of driving and the fact they cut down on side sun when going east or west is a big help . I found a layer of duct tape on back part of temples makes them more secure . I know this does not sound stylist , but it works and it is black so never noticed.Very satisfied , but need one more pair !! Not really but may get them .
 Co2 tanks work great on my Tippman A5 especially this one and this thing is so much lighter than the 20oz . It makes life nice and easy on the field where I can do my best work at beating people in woods ball .
 This is a good c02 tank but it does n't have a lot of shots in it but if you are n't to trigger happy then it could last a whole day
 GREAT BARGAIN , Looks awesome . Not some cheap knock off . would buy again
 this is a good tank but for the price , just go to walmart and buy a 20 oz . tank . you would get about 900 shots from this tank before refilling it . u get about 75 shots per ounce -LRB- i think -RRB- .
 This is a good quality tank , I 've had other pure energy tanks in the past and never had a problem , basically this is a brand of tanks you ca n't go wrong with . You can save a little by getting something from Walmart but for me there 's no tax on amazon so the price is about the same if not better .
 Highly recommended and I have never had to hang wallpaper before and it was easy . I would have rated this a five but the paper sticker stuck to the wallpaper and caused some tears so order more than you need by at least 6 '' per roll . This was not a problem for me but the directions are the sticker and if you tear it and ca n't read then good luck . So , great looking product at a steal of a price just be careful opening the product .
 this was an awesome price for this wallborder , the cheapest i found on the internet . Product came very quickly . The only negative thing i could think of is that the baseball field in the background is n't the braves field . that was n't a problem for me , but might be for someone . i was very pleased with this purchase
 The Classic Brooks B17 has a lot going for it . Mine is a Honey colored classic . It took me about 500 miles to break it in . I sped the process up with inundating in a substance I will not describe . I risked ruining the saddle , but the treatment seemed to set it in nicely . Be careful with advice to speed the break-in . You can ruin it . I 'm a 165 # male , FWIW.The saddle for me , is very comfortable on the sit bones once it settles in . However , I recently changed my riding position , lowering my handlebar to a more aggressive stance , and I can no longer use it . I was recently ` fitted ' by a professional to address other issues I was having on my bike.Especially on the drops the Brooks caused problems . One one-hour ride and my ` taint , as they say , was screaming . It 's a day after my ride and I still feel something a urologist could explain better than I. I 've also had urological issues towards the ends of very long rides -LRB- 60 miles and up -RRB- when your form and technique start to degrade.I gave the saddle 4 stars since it is a classic and is still the last word for long distance riders whose handlebars are pretty much level with the top of the saddle , and who rarely need to use the drop position on their bike.That said , using heavily padded shorts and bibs may exacerbate the soft tissue problems while improving sit-bone comfort.Where is my saddle now ? It 's on my hybrid commuter where I `` SIT '' on the Brooks in a more upright position . If I had a Trek 520 or LHT , it would still be on my road bike.It 's not for everyone , but if it is for you , you will be one of the many many true believers . Just watch out for the ` taint!Saddle selection is famously anecdotal . But the Brooks B-17 is certainly worth your time if you 're a serious tourer . The saddle holds it 's value very well , and even if you do n't like it after-all , I doubt you 'd sell it . I 'm not selling it!Happy trails .
 After being away for about 8 years , do n't ask me why , I decided to get back into cycling again , and bought a Trek 520 , mostly for commuting , but plan to do some longer trips later . The saddle that came with the bike was so hard I hurt for a week after using it a few days , and stopped riding it . I looked into other saddles , found Brooks , and decided on the aged since I did n't want to ride a marathon to break it in . I have just installed it and I have only ridden a dozen miles on this saddle so far , and decided to write this now . There is no break in period , it feels great right from the start . I had to actually make myself think about the saddle I was sitting on , it was so comfortable from the get-go , that I almost forgot about it , which was good , as it allowed me to enjoy my ride more . This is one great all leather saddle , and I know I am going to enjoy it for many years to come . If and when I get another bike , I will order a Brooks before I even ride it.The saddle comes with some leather string tied into the underside , like a shoelace , which as time goes on , you tighten it up a bit , plus a wrench to tighten the rear linear adjustment . You 'll know when you get yours , but this adjustment needs very little at a time , if at all?I bought the Proofride saddle dressing , or wax as I call it . You put it on the underside of the saddle and leave it , put a small amount on the sides and polish it off , but put none on the top . I do not know if this works , but even the bike shop said it was a good idea , so I will use it . Expensive for a small tin , but probably worth it.One other thing , the saddle comes with a cover for when it rains , I did n't know this so it was a nice surprise as I wanted to get one . Glad I did n't order it ahead of time .
 I simply love my Brooks B-17s . Currently I have two and a third is on the way . I use them on my daily commuter bike , an old mountain bike converted a single speed town bike and my Bike Friday New World Tourist which has been to Mexico , the Bay Area , and most recently , Las Vegas . The one I 've on order will grace the Rivendell Quickbeam being built even as I write.Why the B-17 ? Unfortunately the saddles supplied with most bikes are uncomfortable plastic shells with some padding thrown on them . The plastic shell has no give and the padding eventually bunches up and creases giving the saddle some very uncomfortable spots.A leather saddle , the Brooks B-17 , on the other hand will conform to the shape of the rider over time . And , because the leather is support in back and front , the saddle itself acts somewhat like a hammock to support the rider comfortably.I 've never needed to use specialized riding shorts on my Brooks , even for long 50 + mile rides . I routinely do a 60 mile ride from Honolulu to Kailua and back and never experience problems . In addition , my daily commuting , 10-15 miles a day depending on errands , is done in work clothes for the most part and again , I 've never experienced problems.Some folks have say that during the break-in period these saddles can be uncomfortable . Personally I 've never found that to be true . Yes , they are more comfortable when they are broken-in , but I think they are better to beging with than most of the stock saddles that have come with my various bikes of the years.That break-in period will vary of course , depending on the rider . I 've found that my Brooks become quite comfortable after just a couple of weeks which would be somewhere between 200-350 miles depending on my enthusiasm . Again , they are comfortable for me to begin with though . I 'd not hestitate to do a longer ride on a new one . However , to be on the safe side , I generally put new saddles on my commuter to break them in more easily . I 'm a clydesdale -LRB- 230lb right now -RRB- so your mileage may vary on break-in . I have n't used Brooks Proofide on my saddles to season them , preferring a product called Obenauf 's LP as recommended by Rivendell Bicycle Works.Brooks Saddles have been around for a long time . There 's a reason for that . They are simply excellent.Aloha !
 I have a variation on the classic B-17 . Mine has springs , since I 'm over-the-hill and need the extra cushioning for my tushe . Brooks , hands down , makes the best saddles , and always has . This sort of quality is very had to find these days . Not as `` svelte '' as the racing saddles that are out there , but very comfortable .
 I purchased the Brooks B17 Standard Saddle to replace the gel seat that came with my 54 '' road bike . I weigh 235 pounds and the gel seat was never comfortable for more than a few miles . The Brooks B17 standard saddle was an immediate improvement over the gel covered plastic seat that came with the bike and has become even more comfortable over riding 500 miles in a span of 6 months . I look forward to years of comfortable riding from this quality Brooks saddle . Unlike a gel covered seat which compresses under your sit bones on to the plasic underside , causing a very stiff ride after a few miles , the B17 saddle supports your weight over a leather piece tensioned in between the saddle frame . Initially the tension is rather stiff however as you break the saddle in from riding , the leather gradually becomes more flexible and supports your sit bones as if in a spring-tensioned hammock . Since the leather is supporting your weight under tension , it 's important to only use conditioning products that are intended for leather saddles -LRB- not standard leather care items -RRB- and apply as directed to avoid causing damage to the leather fibres . Also , never allow the saddle to get wet which would cause the leather to become brittle and strech.The only thing I used to assist the saddle break-in isBrooks Heritage Saddles Proofide Leather Dressing . It 's important to follow the manufacturers directions on Brooks Website and not over-apply the Proofide saddle conditioner . Only apply the Proofide lightly to the underside and top part of the saddle a few times during the break-in period . After 500 miles or so you will see a noticeable difference in the saddle flexibility and from then on , only a tiny amount of Proofide applied to the top part of the saddle every 3-6 months is all that 's necessary for saddle maintenance . Eventually you will need to adjust the tension of the saddle after the leather starts to loose it 's support , so it 's nice that a specially made Brooks saddle tension wrench was included with the saddle . One other thing to note is that proper seat adjustment will make a crucial difference in the comfort of your Brooks saddle . After break-in once the saddle starts to become more flexible , the seat angle should be adjusted to a slightly downward angle to compensate for the rear of the saddle -LRB- where your sit bones are -RRB- being lower than the front .
 Brooks B-17 Standard Saddle : My first leather saddle , and quite comfortable I must say . The craftsmanship is impeccable , and you can tell that the folks at Brooks have looked over every aspect of the design with a careful eye.I 've put about 150 miles onto it so far , and no signs of any change in the leather ... but I do n't expect this `` break in '' to really happen until I reach at least 300 to 400 miles.So I bought this saddle to accompany my Surly Longhaultrucker as I bike across America this summer with a friend . On some of the two to three hour training rides I 've been doing I have been very pleased with the level of comfort provided by this saddle.As I mentioned in my title , it can be somewhat difficult to find the `` sweet '' spot where the saddle works best . For me this was simply a matter of trial and error ... and do n't worry about breaking in your Brooks in the wrong position because you have to put in at least 300 miles before you will see results ... Spend the 100 bucks for a saddle that will last you for the next 30 years and will also make long distance rides enjoyable
 For an avid or even a part time biker this is an excellent seat . Had no trouble installing or adjusting the seat . There was no need to buy any tools , it came with a wrench . Would highly recommend it .
 These are just phenomenal . Mine , green with copper , took about 120-200 miles to break in . I 'd tell you exactly when but I forgot about it , found myself focused on my legs , gears , and flying down the river bike path . When I finally realized that I still had a saddle , that I was n't miraculously suspended , hovering , nor floating above my bike , I was impressed.I know people are different . Bikes , riding positions , styles , and expectations differ . You might not like it.Mine started out a little stiff , I did put some proofide -LRB- buy some to go with it ! -RRB- on it . I wish someone had coerced me to get one years ago . JUST GET ONE.If you still are n't sure there are sellers on a popular auction site that will guarantee you will like it or your money back . Only bad thing is you 'll pay at least 50 % more than here . But really , even then , if you find the most comfy saddle in world it will be worth it.Also there did n't seem to be any one explaining why these are so comfortable
 Much has already been said about this classic saddle , so I will keep my comment brief . The thing that really stands out to me about this saddle is the shape . It 's wide enough in the back and narrow enough in the front and the radius of the major curves is just right . If you 've ever hit a bump on a saddle that 's too narrow in the back , you 'll be able to imagine what it might be like to be split in two . And , if you 've ever ridden a saddle that 's too wide in the front for any length of time , the word `` chafing '' is n't an adequate description of what has happened to you .
 Let me put the comfort , or the lack there of , of this saddle to rest . Those that complain about the `` hardness '' of this saddle are obviously new bike riders that have not allowed enough time for their butts to adapt to sitting on a bike for a long period of time . Cyclists usually start to adapt to sitting on a bike seat between 400 and 600 miles of riding over a period of moderate , consistent rides that may take months . It is always better to do a series of shorter rides than a limited number of long rides when first adjusting to sitting on a bike.These saddles are known for their comfortability after their `` break in '' period , but I found it to be comfortable immediately . Matter of fact , this seat is designed so well that I do not need padded shorts , so I am really excited once my B17 `` breaks in '' . I also got the Challenge saddle bag and I am very pleased with that as well . I hope this helps , because if you have never experienced the comfort of this saddle , you are missing out on something special.Pete
 My new Brooks B17 is still in the `` wearing in '' phase but has been wonderful so far . I 've been on two 50 mile rides since putting it on , and have n't had any discomfort . The saddle also looks very nice on my bike . The product arrived right on time , even with Saturday delivery .
 Super comfortable saddle . Only downside I see , other than being a bit expensive , is that they attract thieves . I have had two stolen in SF in the last ten months , so go all out in securing it !
 This Brook 's saddle is great ; I would recommend it to a friend any day . The time it took to ship the seat was very fast also , and I was very satisfied with my treatment as a customer.Thank-You bicycleoutfittersindy
 Few bike components are more critical to your comfort than the saddle , and perhaps none are more subject to individual preference . What one person finds comfortable , another may find painful.That said , I find the Brooks B17 saddle supremely comfortable . I ride about 100 miles a week , mostly commuting on fairly smooth pavement , with drop handlebars . I like the firmness of the saddle
 The saddle came through very quickly and was on the Cannondale 800 in minutes . After some adjustments for comfort I was of , the feel of real leather is indescribable even when not broken in , give me a little time to soften this seat up and it will be like riding on a cloud I am sure as it is comfortable now !! I would recommend this saddle over anything out there and I have had my share of saddles over the last 55 years of riding all makes and models of bikes . You wo n't be sorry if you buy this and I am glad it is not that expensive as far as saddles go .
 Upgraded my 1976 Raleigh 3 speed with a brooks saddle . Saddle was a little hard at first but seems to be breaking in well . Some concerns about it being stolen -LRB- I work at a university -RRB- but bike store can change the seat bolt and make it more or less theft proof . Really enjoy seeing the brooks on my bike ! I still need to purchase the special brooks conditioner but will do that in the next month .
 I was trying to find a replacement to the stock saddle that came with my hybrid bike . The B17 was always at the tip of everyone 's tongue when I asked for suggestions . I received this as a gift and was skeptical at first , but I believe I have made the right choice . It was a little difficult to set it up on my bike , but after getting it all the way that I wanted to I was amazed at how comfortable it was . Bike riders say that the less cushion on the seat the better , because your behind is supposed to be the cushion - and I agree . It 's just a joy to ride on my bike now - a lot more then previously , where I would have a pain on my behind after long -LRB- er -RRB- rides.I would whole-heartedly suggest this product for anyone looking for a great bike saddle at a decent price -LRB- for the materials , quality , and comfort -RRB- .
 Saddle exactly as described . The weather is not ideal to enjoy it right now but I have been out riding a few times and ca n't wait for the saddle to be properly broken in .
 On-line purchases always generate a bit of worry for me . Will it be as advertised ? Will it arrive in good shape ? etc. . I knew the product well in this case and it arrived in original packaging , as hoped and earlier than expected . Shipping package was perfect to make sure the product arrived intact . I am Very Pleased with this purchase .
 Bought my CAAD10 , it 's got a Prologo Kappa Pas saddle on it , the Kappa Pas hurts like hell , as a new cyclist , I can do a 40 mile ride , but at expense of completely destroy my butt on this seat , then I tried a Fi ` zi : k Arione for only a 15 mile ride and boy it hurts even more than the stock kappa pas ... Came across this seat at local bike shop , went home , read some reviews , then went back and bought it . Boy this seat is amazing !!! While still recovering from the butt pain using the previously mentioned seats , I curiously went on for a ride with this newly installed.Absolutely beautiful saddle -LRB- see my submitted photos . -RRB- Understanding from the reviews that it will takes couple hundred miles to fully break-in this seat to have it 's shape wrap around your sit bones perfectly , the first day ride on the Brooks England B17 has been absolutely amazing ! There is absolutely no pain I can feel from previous injury -LRB- probably because the stock seat does n't accustom to my sit bones as well as this one , so I was always sitting wrong no matter how I adjust -RRB- Did a 25 mile joy ride around the lake today and I just want to rush back and write this review to share with you my experience . Ca n't wait till it fully break in , I know it 'll be a ultra comfortable ride.The only concern I 'd like to mention is that my old saddle tool bag wo n't mount on this seat because the opening on the metal rails from behind are too far apart . Also I 'd like to mention is that when the saddle is level on the seat post it keeps pushing me forward so I have to tilt it backward a bit to preventing from sliding forward.Also , it is 2-3 times more heavy compared to modern performance saddles .
 This is the very best saddle I have ever used , someSlight sliding forward but nothing that I would considerAnnoying . I have n't experienced any soreness since IInstalled this saddle in replacement of a track type saddle that my bike came with .
 This bike seat is amazing . I rode this across the country and felt like I was sitting on a cloud . Never had any pain , while all my friends who did not have Brooks saddles felt pain all the time . Not cheap , but worth every penny .
 Quite simply the finest cycling saddle you will ever own and probably the last one you will ever have to buy . The B17 Standard is used on both of my road bikes and I could n't be happier . After years of buying a new saddle every couple of seasons I finally wised up and bought a Brooks . After a month of regular riding , the saddle has conformed to my anatomy exactly as described by other customers . The real test came last weekend after a 50 + mile ride when I realized that not once had I consciously thought about my posterior . That was when I realized that Brooks was not making idle claims about their products and they really are the last saddle you will ever purchase . I may sell the bicycle some day , but one thing is for sure , the saddle will always remain with me . Thanks Brooks for providing exactly what I paid for and when you balance the cost over a lifetime of outstanding comfort and performance , you soon realize you are only throwing your money away on anything else . Forget the hype , forget the cost , do n't worry about the weight , just do yourself a favor and buy a Brooks . You will be money ahead in the long run and never settle for anything else .
 MY DISCIPLINE
 I 'm nearly 250 pounds . I 've barely been on a bike in the last decade , and I was much lighter back then . When I got the B17 , I had nearly 75 miles over six rides on my new bike , and I was in a great deal of pain . When I got the B17 , I did another 70 miles before using Proofide . My butt still hurt , but not nearly as much . At this point , I had been riding for exactly one month . I took 5 days off during which I applied Proofide , and then did my longest ride after which my butt felt so good I rode even further two days later . That was three days ago , and I 'm riding again tonight . I would have rode again earlier , but my leg muscles needed more time to recover . I do n't know if it 's the seat naturally adjusting , the Proofide , or me finally getting used to riding , but I 'm glad that I can finally tolerate sitting in the saddle for long periods . Either way , I certainly do n't regret getting the B17 and doing the Proofide treatment .
 The Brooks B17 Saddle is an outstanding example of old-world craftmanship -- undoubtedly better than my bike deserves -- with a price tag to match . Other reviewers frequently mention the difficulty of breaking it in , and some claim the leather can be stained by rain . Due to all of the above , I wanted to make sure that my saddle was properly and thoroughly conditioned before it was ever put on the bike.After some research , I chose to ignore Brooks ' advice to use onlyBrooks Heritage Saddles Proofide Leather Dressingwith their saddles . This outrageously expensive product contains a blend of tallow -LRB- beef fat -RRB- , cod oil , vegetable oil , paraffin wax , beeswax , citronella oil . The product description says that it is to be used sparingly on the finished side of the saddle , which seems to be sealed with an impervious top coat.I chose to thoroughly condition the leather from the unfinished side usingFiebing PURE00P032Z Neatsfoot Oil , the 100 % pure oil traditionally used to condition and preserve horse tack . Halfway through the process , due to uneven absorption , I feared the worse ; however , the final results were outstanding . I have since ridden the bike almost daily for nearly a month and am not aware of any adverse effects . I have no regrets regarding this conditioning and feel comfortable recommending it to others . I believe that the process described below will help protect the saddle in the long term and may speed break-in . NOTES :1 -RRB- This will DARKEN the Honey-toned saddle to something closer to chocolate .2 -RRB- Do not use any product with petroleum distillates ; these could damage the top-coat that Brooks uses on the finished surface .3 -RRB- This process may well invalidate Brooks warranty , so inspect the saddle first .4 -RRB- The Fiebing Neatsfoot oil is a VERY oily , nearly clear liquid , which will probably stain any absorbent surface it contacts .5 -RRB- I have absolutely no relationship with Fiebing , and this is the first time I have knowingly used their product .6 -RRB- I neither assume nor accept any responsibility for your results.Required
 Love this saddle . Mst comfortable saddle in the world . Looks great when it is new ... comes in great packaging ... and breaks in quickly I have found . be careful of two things
 I will first start off by saying that I 've had this particular saddle for about a year and a half . I commute daily with it and took it on a 500 + mile tour last summer . I treat it with brooks saddle oil as directed and I 've used the tension bolt to slightly re-tension the saddle twice . With all of that being said , I have little doubt that this saddle will last many years and will continue to improve throughout . I will say however , that a great deal of the brooks mantra regarding how any brooks saddle will comfortably mold to its rider is , to some extent , marketing hype . In principle a hard leather saddle will become more comfortable for any user overtime , although this does n't negate the fact that saddle width plays a huge role in overall comfort regardless of how broken in it is . For example , I prefer to use this saddle on my touring bike . On which I 'm sit more upright . However I 'm interested in trying a more narrow saddle like the swift or swallow for my next bike build , which has a more aggressive racing profile . A number of people I 've talked to however , prefer to use the B17 on any almost bike regardless of the bike profile while others ca n't stand the width of the B17 period . If I could make any general statement -LRB- which may not be wise -RRB- it would be that slightly more narrow people might be more comfortable on a more narrow saddle , even for touring , while slightly wider people might be more comfortable on a B17 regardless of the application . Lots of people seem to have different opinions , which is to be expected . I 'm happy with my purchase but I would recommend that if at all possible , you test ride a few different saddles .
 I research products I buy and this was no exception . The majority of crazy long distance riders prefer this saddle , so I parted with the cash and was not let down . It was 80 to 90 percent comfortable right out of the box , which was better than my 3 other bikes . After 500 to 700 miles it broke in and is 100 % great now . After 2 thousand miles it looks like new and feels great ! Totally satisfied .
 I finally took the plunge and bought a Brooks Saddle . I have heard horror stories about how uncomfortable they are until you get them broken in . I have also heard that they are the most comfortable saddle you will ever own afterwards . Well , I rode 104 miles on Saturday and have already discovered that it is the most comfortable saddle I have ever owned ... right out the box !!
 I bought a used Quintana Roo Tri bike . Nice ride but the racing saddle was awful ! It might be light , but you pay dearly in the arse . I have rode bikes all my life , always wanted to give Brooks a try but was too poor or afraid of theft to do so . I am at a point in my life now that I do n't have to park & lock up my bike and it stays garaged . So why not?You get a nice smelling hard as a rock new saddle in a classy bag & sliding box . If you want the Proofide -LRB- trust me , you do after spending so much on a saddle ! -RRB- , that comes separate . The seat has 2 rails that go along the length of it , angling towards the nose & ending in a tension adjuster screw . You should n't need to adjust anything for a long time , so do n't ! I did notice that there is n't a ton of fore & aft position slide on the rails before they start to angle towards each other on the way to the nose . Because of this , I was n't able to have my seat back as far as I usually would -LRB- I tend to ride with my seat pushed all the way back , so my seat post does n't have to be up so far from the ground , as I am short -RRB- . So if you do what I do , you might need to make the same change.Slap on some Proofide , get on some dark shorts , and get to it ! It took about a 12 mile initial test ride to get the fore & aft position right , along with the perfect amount of nose angle . After a few stops every so often to adjust the position slightly , it was like heaven . Well , hard heaven but I can see that it will work well once my sit bones get the leather indented where they rest . I had no discomfort the next day , even with it being incorrect during most of my ride . The next ride was pure joy ! They say it should disappear underneath you and it is true ! The only time I could tell was when I went from road to aero or aero to road , but you soon are back to riding nirvana . I only have about 100 miles on it so far , but she is a keeper ! I ordered the Challenge Tool Bag and matching leather bar tape -LRB- 3 week wait for delivery from England -RRB- . So I guess I must be a believer , because I sure am invested in it long term now!I love the classic looks on a high end tech bike -LRB- my Roo is carbon fiber everything ! -RRB- The fact that it is comfy is totally an awesome thing ! Way to go Brooks !
 I am an active cyclist and regularly ride an off road bike , a tandem , a touring bike and a high end carbon road bike . Over the years I have used every type of saddle you can imagine . About eight months ago I switched my touring bike to a brooks saddle and immediately began to remember how comfortable they were . Brooks saddles used to be common on many types of bikes including several road bikes I owned . I decided to try one on my carbon road bike and it was the best decision I have made in a while . Yes it 's slightly heavy , but on long rides the extra weight is well worth the comfort .
 This is hands down the best saddle made and a 150 years of making them they got it down right . Once you get it dialed in you will wonder why you ever used any other saddle on your bike . No road vibrations , no pain in the butt , nothing but nice and smooth . How does it work ? It 's kinda like sitting on the head of a drum . The saddle flexes over every bump in the road and after a time it starts to form to the shape of your sit bones . Comfortable with no teeth rattling ride . Hand made in England and not rolled off some assembly line in China so its worth every penny .
 Had one of these back in the late 70 's on my old Azuki road bike . The saddle never broke in the way some riders told me it would but it was always comfortable for rides as long as I ever went -LRB- 25-40 miles -RRB- . Fast forward to today where I 've now got a 9 year old HT MTB . I 've changed it over to more of a hybrid riding position with riser bars and a riser for the stem . My last saddle was a WTB Speed V . While I did n't hate it , it was never really comfortable and did n't breath . So I decided to give a Brooks a try again . I 've got a suspension seat post and debated getting the B-17 -LRB- which is already a bit wider than the Speed V -RRB- , the sprung version , or one of their wider sprung saddles . The advice I got was to use the seatpost I had and get whichever saddle I thought would fit better . The width of the Speed V was OK but I thought a bit more sit bone room would be a good thing.The results are just what I 'd hoped for - a classic leather -LRB- breathable -RRB- saddle that was , for me , immediately comfortable . However , I spent a good half hour tweaking the position , both fore and aft as well as tilt . Like all saddles , adjustment to your anatomy is key.Always a good idea to buy after trying one or from a place that will take a return . I got mine via Amazon from Phat Tire and they told me up front that they 'd ding me for a return but it was worth the risk for me , especially as none of the LBS 's carry Brooks saddles.Oh , and why four stars instead of five ? There is no perfect bike saddle and I want to be sure the message gets across that while it 's right for * me * , it may not be right for * you * .
 I 've been riding for over 50 years and have used all types of saddles in styles from cut outs to drop nosed , with gel padding and without , for road and off road use , with steel rails to titanium ... I 've tried lots of saddles . In all those years of hype and claims and reading reviews I 've always circled around these Brooks saddles but never committed . This whole long break in period mystique was a real turn off . I want to ride , I do n't want to spend the first 500 miles or more training a $ 100 or more saddle to fit my but . After a recent bad experience with a well made high end magazine rated `` the most comfortable saddle our staff has ever tried '' saddle that put a blister on my crotch and tortured my jewels in the cut out , I decided to give the Brooks B-17 a try . This saddle was comfortable right out of the box . No grease treatment to soften it up needed . In the short time since getting it I 've already put on some long distance road rides and if this saddle only gets more comfortable as time goes by than I look forward to riding into my golden years in saddle bliss.Brooks Heritage Saddles B17 Standard Saddle - Men 's
 When I touched a new B17 saddle at my LBS , I thought it felt hard as a rock . I told the clerk , `` no way am I gon na buy one of these . '' But as my tour rides got longer , my synthetic saddle felt increasingly uncomfortable . One day , on a trail ride , I met a guy who had built his own bicycle . His saddle was a Brooks B17 . `` I swear by this saddle , '' he said . I 've been on this bike all day - 60 miles - and I 'm still good to go . '' I could n't say that about my saddle . That night , I went online and read reviews of the B17 . Almost all of the reviews were positive . I decided to take a chance and buy a B17 on Amazon.com . I 'm very glad I did . One my first ride , I was amazed at how comfortable the B17 felt . Since then , I 've ridden hundreds of miles on the B17 and experienced none of the discomfort I experienced riding a synthetic saddle . What `` break-in '' period ?
 I ordered my Brooks saddle solely based on the history behind the name . After watching a video of how their saddles are made I was pretty impressed at how little the manufacturing process has changed . Installing the seat was hassle free but adjusting it to the point where I can ride comfortably took a while . At first I was sliding forward off the seat -LRB- new leather is pretty slippery -RRB- but after the proper adjustments have been made I had no comfort or positioning problems at all . My friends commented that at a glance it does look hard and feels hard to the touch but you do n't get that feeling as you 're riding .
 I bought this saddle for my son because it was one of his Christmas gift requests . He sent me a link but that supplier was unable to ship the saddle until mid January . I found another supplier on Amazon and they shipped it immediately . It arrived right after Christmas , while he was still visiting . He has since told me that he really likes it , and that everything he 'd heard about this saddle was true .
 Well worth the price . It does n't make sense how a piece of leather could be so comfortable , but it truly is . The moment you throw it on your bike you 'll be glad you made the switch .
 There 's a reason Brooks has been making the B-17 for more than 100 years . I have used several different saddles in my 15 years of serious road biking , but none has been as comfortable as the Brooks B17 . It was comfortable right out of the box and has gotten more so with each ride . The leather conforms to your shape , and the tension gives it the slightest trampoline effect , which translates into comfort . The retro look is pretty cool , too .
 My first leather saddle was a B-15 , shipped on my old 70s-vintage Raleigh Super Course . I ca n't figure out the difference between the B-15 and B-17 , as they look the same to me . It took some riding to break it in . I rode thousands of miles , and usually I never noticed the saddle because it was so comfortable . I replaced the original saddle on my Bridgestone MB-3 with that B-15 saddle and I still love it after nearly 40 years.I have two Brooks Professional saddles on two other bikes , and I love those as well.Buy a pre-softened Brooks saddle to save yourself time in breaking it in , and use Brooks Proofhide on it regularly for the first thousand miles or so . After that , apply Proofhide occasionally to keep the saddle supple and nice.You ca n't go wrong with a Brooks leather saddle , IMHO .
 Even though this saddle is not broken in yet , the comfort is amazing compared to the saddle that came on my bike . I was skeptical that a hard leather saddle could be comfortable , but after my first 10 mile ride it was evident that this saddle was the right one . Ca n't wait to get it broken in and see how it feels then . Obviously made with high quality leather and craftsmanship .
 I have this one on my Specialized Tricross , very nice saddle for all day rides . Break-in was not so bad . Seems to be standing up fine after two years , though I have not put excessive miles on it , I am sure it will last a very long time . Get the Brooks saddle paste for it when you purchase .
 Bought this seat for my brother for his birthday and I think he 's thanked me at least a dozen times . He loves it . Could n't be happier with it . He told me a little about it and apparently these particular saddles will eventually mold to your rear end , making it a personalized seat that fits just you . Based on his recommendation , and the fact that he 's an avid cyclist , I whole-heartedly put my personal seal of approval on it . Buy it , your rump will thank you for it .
 i 've ridden upto 130 miles in a day on my b-17 , and have never had any problems whatsoever with comfort . I do believe that there are a couple of conditions that must be met to have as good of an experience as I did and still do.First , you must be sitting somewhat upright . depending on how your pelvis is turned , you may find that you need to sit more or less upright . Basically , you do n't want your perineum -LRB- taint -RRB- bearing the weight . the more you lean forward -LRB- your pelvis or whole body -RRB- the more likely it is that you 'll have your weight resting on your perineum or at least have it contact when you hit a bump.Second , I recommend a seatpost that allows you to choose the angle of your seat over a continuous rather than discrete interval . In plain english , if your seatpost has little teeth that must be aligned , e.g. `` microadjust '' then you might find that you want an angle in between what is allowed.As the saddle stretches you 'll want to adjust the angle . too far nosed up , and you 'll have your perineum touching . Too far nosed down and you 'll slide forward , which when compensated for can lead to knee , wrist , hand and shoulder problems.There is definitely a break-in period , something like 500 miles . However , your body requires something of a break-in period for riding any saddle , so if you 're going on a long trip , buy the saddle months in advance and go on many long rides to prepare yourself.I have the honey color , which darkened considerably after a few rides . Very attractive .
 Classic style , unsurpased comfort - i 'm sure not everyone is best served by a slab of leather , I did n't think it would be comfortable either ... Reading reviews , you 'll see why I bought one ... Once it forms to your sit bones , it becomes a part of you .
 This by far the most comfortable saddle I have ever had the pleasure of riding . It is comfortable out of the box and with a few minor tweaks it gets even better .
 More comfortable than any other from day one . I followed Sheldon browns break-in method and with that I 'm riding with much less discomfort than on the old plastic saddle . I tried many different types , sizes and shapes but none as good as the Brooks . Might not be for every one but it is right for me .
 The saddle is just what I ordered and it was at my doorstep in a super short time . Great product even better service .
 even as i 'm in the beginning stages of breaking in this bad boy , it 's still infinitely more comfortable than any other seat i 've used .
 Arrived 2 days earlier than promised - what does that tell you about the seller . First rate business-people , that 's what ! Unless things have changed at the Brooks factory , Niagra Cycle also included the seat adjustment wrench just because . My first Brooks -LRB- they are on all my bikes -RRB- did not come with the wrench.Brooks saddles - the name says it all . Quality worksmanship , second to none . Comfort . Period . Who wants to sit on a 2 inch wide piece of cloth covered metal that 's shoved up your crack ?
 I drank the Brooks cool-aid several years ago . I find the saddle -LRB- B17 Std -RRB- to be very comfortable and have been very pleased with it . I did not find it necessary to break in the saddle , it was fine on day one . Come to think of it , I have ridden on a lot of saddles with no problems , so I might not be a super good judge with it comes to this aspect of saddle selection . I can tell you it looks good and it carries some prestige that you do n't get with the other saddle choices . I ride a full on touring bike with front/rear racks , barcon shifters , ATB gearing , the works . I really had no choice ; I had to get a Brooks did n't I.
 I have used other saddles , but Brooks saddles are very comfortable . I know they do n't look like it , but the leather conforms over time for a customized fit . If you have a tendency to be sore after riding , you should give Brooks a try .
 this saddle rules . there is nothing like it , by butt feels amazing when i ride . you ca n't beat a company thats been making bike saddles for almost 100 years . get one .
 They do n't seem to work for everyone , but they do for me . Right out of the box -LRB- figuratively , they do n't really come in a box -RRB- , without break-in . I 've tried several other alternatives -LRB- WTB , Specialized Body Geometry , one or two others -RRB- and have ended up with a Brooks B-17 on one bike and a Brooks Professional on another . I 've got three seasons on the Professional so far , including a number of hundred mile days and a trip from Portland Oregon to San Francisco . No complaints.But again , I know people who can not ride them -LRB- and several more who know they do n't work because they heard from someone who heard from someone else ... -RRB- .
 This particular saddle has been made for probably a 100 years . It 's the only solid leather saddle that I find comfortable right out of the box .
 I have been riding Brooks B17 saddles since my first , very painful , 600k brevet in 2002 . The guy I was riding with had a Brooks and persuaded me to try one . I am now on my second . There are many things to love about these saddles ... * Long lasting - 30,000 miles or more * They 've been made pretty much the same way for over 100 years . When it eventually wears out it 's easy to replace . * Considering their longevity , they 're reasonably priced . * They are incredibly comfortable once they are worn in -LRB- I 've ridden 400 miles in a weekend without too much pain -RRB- * They look great . * They have saddlebag loops for attaching Carradice style saddle bags . * You can adjust the ` sag ' to change the shape to your liking.The downsides are ... * They are uncomfortable at first . It takes about 1000 miles of riding to be fully broken in . * If you 're a light rider -LRB- 100lbs or less -RRB- you may never get it broken in - go for a saddle with thinner leather . * They need to be waterproofed once a year or so . Brooks ' Proofride is perfect . * You need to adjust the ` sag ' as the leather stretches .
 I 've said it before . I 'll say it again . If there is one fault with owning a Brooks saddle , it 's this ... If you own multiple bikes & have a Brooks saddle on one of your bikes , you become spoiled . You 're not satisfied until you have a Brooks saddle on all of your bicycles . Now I 'm satisfied.A Brooks B17 -LRB- aged leather -RRB- saddle came as standard equipment on my 2011 Raleigh Sojourn touring road bike . Then I replaced the original saddle on a 2011 Schwinn Le Tour Classic with a Brooks B17 -LRB- antique brown -RRB- . Now I have this black B17 on a 2012 Giant Defy 5 . Simply the most comfortable piece of leather your butt will ever sit upon while on a bicycle . Special padded cycling shorts or tights are not needed for shorter trips - say less than 15 to 20 miles . I 've been as far as 30 miles in a day with just a plain old pair of men 's Bermuda shorts or walking shorts . Repeating ... now I 'm satisfied .
 I made the mistake of letting my first Brooks saddle go as a condition of selling a bike . The Brooks saddle that I ride today was bought new over 30 years ago . My bikes have changed over the years but not my saddle . Mine was purchased as Black but they lighten in color over the years . The benefits of a Brooks saddle are fully realized when it is molded to fit your butt . This was my procedure to break it in -LRB- as recommended by the pro at the LBS at the time -RRB- :1 . Mount saddle on seatpost and adjust seat to match fore/aft & angle of the seat that you are used to riding .2 . Throw seat and seatpost assembly into 5 gallon bucket of water for a couple days . Agitate occasionally to remove air bubbles .3 . When leather is thoroughly soaked , put it on the bike and ride it dripping wet for at least an hour . After the ride , readjust seat to match fore/aft & angle as necessary on bike .4 . Repeat # 3 as necessary until dimples form in the leather for your sit bones -- usually 1 to 3 soak/ride cycles .5 . Adjust stretch tension -- but only if necessary to eliminate excessive sag .6 . Do n't sell Brooks saddle with bike . : -RRB- My Brooks as been used for cross-country rides through many states , 100 + mile rides , one-to-two hour sport rides , mountain bike trails , and slow rides with the family . If you find that you ride long enough for your sit bones to find the hard plastic shell of your current seat , you may very well enjoy riding on a Brooks .
 I got this saddle a week before I left for Spain to do the Camino De Santiago on the bike thinking that I would have problems because of it not being worn in . I was totally wrong . After being used to plastic saddles with foam my whole life , the B17 felt a little hard at first but after sitting on it all day -LRB- was doing 90 kms per day -RRB- I forgot it was even there and the whole 1500 kms I did in Spain I never once had any bum rash or discomfort of any sort . It 's the most amazing saddle and the only regret I have is that I never did this sooner . The only thing to watch with this saddle is that you have to take care of it in the rain so I might suggest getting the rain cover too or just use shower caps like I did . This seat does not like to get wet . What an awesome purchase - and it looks super cool too !
 I had read and heard so many good things about the Brooks B-17 saddle , but was always a little skeptical . After trying to survive my old saddle and suffering with so much pain , I decided to take the plunge . WOW !!! The difference in comfort is too much to believe . My first ride was 5 miles without padded shorts ... no problem . My next rides were 15 , 20 , 25 miles ; I 've had to stop at this point due to some surgery , but I could n't ride around the block , with padded shorts , before the Brooks B-17 . I do n't have the words to express the comfort . It really is the most comfortable saddle , on a bike , you will ever ride.If you 're tired of the discomfort from your bike saddle , make the change and buy your Brooks saddle through Amazon . Amazon had the best prices and I could n't believe the turnaround time , delivery , on the saddle ... within 7-days .
 Yes its very comfortable . Its on the heavy side if your a racer . The rails are a bit short so there limited adjustment fore and aft . but it works for me.I need a new saddle bag since the rails are too wide in the rear bit . but they have the nifty British bag hanging tabs.I used some shaving cream to tender it up for my first few rides .
 I have ridden a Brooks years ago and they were heaven on the rear . Still the same . A leather saddle only gets better with age .
 This review is for the B17 AggedI received yesterday and I was astonished Beatiful design , it looks like jewelry that I dont wa n't to use it.The box , the instrcuctions , everythink is A+I s not a regular , comercial saddle Is a piece of artEdit
 This brace helped with the trouble i was having in the back of my ankle
 I live in MN and the weather sucks -LRB- I hate the cold -RRB- . This jacket has become my new winter jacket . It is so warm and comfortable and I love the `` fur '' trim . The only downfall -LRB- due to the dry weather -RRB- is that occasionally there is some static electricity which results in a little shock now and then .
 LOVE these boots . Have used them in the past and are very durable . Great for horses with tender feet on rocks or rough terrain .
 I use these not as intended , over shoes on a horse in turn out . He is deathly afraid of any type of bug and basiclly wears a suit of armour when turned out but he would still run out of his front shoes ... but the old macs g2s have been the answer to our prayers , suggest using the gaiters as well to help chaffing
 My horse had white line disease and had a very large re-section done on his hoof . In order to support his foot he wore this boot for just over 5 months , 24/7 . All the boot companies tell you not to use the boot continuously , but he had no rubbing or discomfort . Wearing the boot allowed me to give him light exercise and he was never stall-bound during his recovery and re-hab . This boot is incredibly durable and I will always keep them around for emergencies .
 After trying a couple of other brands of hoof boots for my mares with `` wider-than-long '' hooves , someone suggested these . A perfect fit !
 This is my second pair of Old Macs . I love them for those rides where the ground is just a bit too rocky to be comfortable for my otherwise barefoot horse.My only complaint is that these boots arrived with a kink/fold in the inner flap that surrounds the hoof wall . This made the boots extremely difficult to secure once on . They rubbed a bit on the hoof wall that first ride , but the kink worked itself out and is no longer an issue . I 'm very relieved about that as I probably would not use them at all if the kink had stayed .
 Have ordered this outfit now for 2 Grand sons . Sizes are perfect , colors vibrant , very very soft material . Delivery was faster than expected and would certainly do business again .
 A male friend of mine is a Red Sox fan and found out that he is going to be the father of a `` baby boy '' . What could be more perfect than this Boston Red Sox Baby Bib and Bootie Creeper set ? It 's 100 % cotton , and perfect for his first few Red Sox games . And what they do n't tell you -LRB- or maybe I was just caught up on how the front looks -RRB- is that right on the rear , there is a cute little baseball . What could be cuter than that ? The quality was good and it looks well made . This item arrived in excellent condition and in a timely manner .
 Great product . The item arrived right on time . Very cute . 100 % cotton and will look adorable on my new nephew .
 I use these lacrosse shorts to work out in . They allow for a lot of air flow . They 're loose fitting which is definitely a must . They 're of the longer variety which I definitely love because they 're not going to ride up on you in any way .
 im always stealing my boyfriends shorts and these are absolutely perfect . im a size 7 and got a small so dont get a girl size
 The fabric fabric has great durability and texture . The `` clip '' pocket is great for a cell phone . They are cut on the large side ; the length is good if you prefer hiking shorts , but somewhat short for current style . If you are borderline on size , get the smaller . If you do n't like `` above-knee '' shorts , buy the slacks and have them hemmed to a more stylish -LRB- longer -RRB- length . I can carry everything I need comfortably when I wear these shorts
 I love the double stitching , wide belt loops , and deep pockets . Whether your `` tactical style '' is concealed carry or techno-geek these shorts are built to last a lifetime and comfortably allow you to carry your gear with you !
 Well made , bigger than when Royal Robbins made these , also they made the side pocket bigger and moved it to the left!Oh well , they are still bullet proof great for weekend activites . They now have reinforcement on the pocket where a knife clips in !
 I am a Scoutmaster for the BSA . I have found the 5.11 Tactical shorts in green to be a great alternative to the official BSA uniform pants/shorts . The material is much more durable and they fit much better than the official uniform . Other advantages include the numerous pockets , the carabiner loop on the front and the wider belt loops which are wide enough for the BSA belt . Several of our ASM 's wear these and like them .
 Excellent shorts . Very comfortable , has right number of pockets for everything possible and just right for everyday wear or for when it is time to go to the range and put some lead down range . Looks and feels like a quality product .
 Lots of pockets , rugged construction and breathable fabric . I may only be a Weekend Warrior but I got used to the pockets on our uniforms and feel that any pants missing that does n't have a lot of pockets is a poor substitute for one that does . I do occasionally conceal carry and the durability of these pants and the multitude of places to put things -LRB- I use the ammo pocket on the left as a great place to store my iPod nano -RRB- makes these pants my go to shorts . I have already bought 3 pair and any replacements in the future will be 5.11 tactical shorts .
 This item is a must for any NFL fan . I bought the first 3 sets right away and had been waiting for the 4th set for a few years . Found a great deal on it a few months ago and couldnt be happier .
 This item is great , I have used it many times with almost no problems . I only had one problem when I went to fill the tank , the guy filling it forgot to switch it to ON so he busted the O-rings on the on/off . All I did was call Pure Energy and they sent me some new O-rings .
 Quality item , super fast shippment , friends loves the on/off features , re-ordered 4 more .
 This was a very cute gift ! Appropriate for children , specially for the Packers fans ! Totally worth the purchase . I recommend this product .
 these shorts are soft , comfortable and feel super-sturdy . i use them for the gym and the fact that they are fast-drying is a real plus - as is the price . what is even more amazing is that i received them in 2 days !!! and , there was no shipping . great work under armour . highly recommended .
 Great shorts . I only wear them when I know its not going to be cold they are really thin and hold sweat and that cools quick . They are great in the heat though . they dry fast and are air-light . Im 5 ' 10 '' 170LBS and they fit great . No need to use the draw string .
 My husband swears by these shorts . He wore his last pair of shorts multiple times a weak for over three years . A few months ago they were torn a bit while playing a game of basketball . He taped them on the inside with packaging tape and wore them for another couple of months . I thought they were getting to be a bit disgusting so I knew it was time for a couple of new pairs . Definitely recommend these .
 These are great for running because they are lightweight and slightly stretchy , but I wear them around the house too because they are the most comfortable piece of clothing I own .
 I enjoy endurance type athletic events and my days are filled with crossfit oriented training sessions . I have used these shorts in multiple events and they have never been a problem -- in fact I own 4 or 5 of them in different colors . You can do 20 + mile running sessions and the shorts will dry out fairly quickly . I recommend these for any serious athlete .
 I am completely satisfied with these workout shorts . They are everything anyone could hope for in a workout short . The best feature is the moisture wicking even through some heavy crossfit sessions . I also like the pockets and they do n't retain any post workout odor , so you can get a couple of workouts in without offending your fellow gym goers . Highly recommend .
 My son can not have pockets on his basketball shorts in the league he plays in . It is very hard to find shorts without pockets so these work great for him . They are very light weight and thin material so he does n't get too hot . He does wear compression shorts underneath so they hang straight no matter how much he is moving around . They are n't too tight around the waist and are a good length . He is 5 ' 3 '' and they hang a little longer than what the picture shows . The two colors that we purchased are exactly the same as what was pictured.They are a really good price . I just wish they had more colors in his size !
 These shorts are awesome . They are extremely light-weight ; it 's almost as if you ca n't even feel them . They are quite long -LRB- I 'm 6 ' and the large size hung right at or a little below my knees -RRB- , but I 've worn them running and they did n't bother me . These are perfect for lounging or going to the gym -LRB- I use them for running as well -RRB- . Just two complaints
 These are by far the best short I have ever owned to work out in periodMen 's UA Flex Short Bottoms by Under Armour
 These shorts are GREAT ! They are great for exercising , working out , and running - yet can be used for lounging around or anything for that matter . They weigh like nothing and are breezy and cool . I LOVE these shorts ! Very good product .
 These shorts are made of a silky material that keeps the body cool in hot weather . We live in Australia where the summers are extremely hot and my boyfriend wears these every chance he gets . They also make great lounge-wear for men .
 These are probably the best shorts out there for anything related to sports . They feel so lightweight , I felt like it added speed to my usual running and cutting ! I am also surprised by the durability , they last a long time and keep the color despite the thin material .
 the classic style no pockets nice fabric just what i was looking for easy light durable shorts do n't collect sweat easy to wash strings dont come out
 Keeps me dry during my marathon training and during marathon races ... even when I spill water on them they just dry up quickly and do n't bog you down during runs ...
 I bought these shorts as a gift for my son-in-law , and he says they are very comfortable and look great . That 's all I need to know to be pleased with these shorts .
 I bought this a couple of month ago , I 've been going to the gym for over a year now , and always felt a little uncomfortable with the short I used , I searched for something like this locally but was unable to find anything , or too expensive.This are great for the gym or just hang around the house , extremely light to wear and very fresh as well , the microfiber lets air breeze in just fine . There is no pockets which is fine for the gym , but a little annoying .
 great fit and extremely comfortable . These are loose fitting and very flexible . The are easy to clean , too . They are stylish too .
 This is the most comfortable pair of shorts I have ever owned ! They are silky smooth and they feel like I am not wearing them at all -LRB- and my wife loves them on me too ! -RRB- The only downside is that they do not have pockets . Under Armour has created a newer version of these shorts which I also own and highly recommend !
 I really would love to buy another pair of these active shorts just in case they decide to quit making these , because I really love'em .
 these were a decent price at 15 bucks and they arrived in 2 days ... however my son was n't impressed and he said mom `` they are just another pair of shorts '' we needed the green color , so that is a plus . decent , but not perfect .
 I purchase Under Armour gear for my husband each Christmas . We have yet to be dissatisfied with their products . Highly recommend .
 The shorts came in a timely manner and were the usual good Under Armour quality .
 Item arrived in new condition , packaged nicely , invoice enclosed and on time ! No complaints .
 Bought this product , have used it every week for soccer games , excellent feel , keeps color and shape .
 These workout shorts are not only very comfortable but let you breathe as well . I love them . They are lightweight but very durable too .
 These are great ! Very comfortable . I am 6 ' 3 '' and the XXl were almost too long -LRB- just this side of gangster - but OK -RRB- . I wear them all the time . Great for working out1
 Three things : Feels almost weightless ; always dry ; never catches . The best running -LRB- or just lounging around the house -RRB- pants currently made .
 Warning
 very comfortable shorts . great material . i run w / these shorts . and , i like them .
 I have several of these shorts . Yes , they are top notch exercise shorts , but more importantly for me is that they are great lounging shorts and the most comfortable pajama bottoms you can wear . The moisture wicking effect means that you will be comfortable throughout the night and still be ready if the kids decide to jump in bed with you and yours . As soon as I am sure that I am not going out again I change into these and a UA tee shirt . Try it , you will never go back to traditional pajamas again .
 My son loves these shorts . They are durable yet light in weight . They suit his active life style which includes weight lifting , martial arts and sports conditioning for football . You ca n't go wrong with them .
 The shorts are great for working out or just lounging around at home . Super thin and very lightweight . Running is a breeze with these .
 I purchased these tires to ride in the Pennsylvania winter and early spring when there 's a lot of debris on the road . I like them so much I intend to leave them on year round . Although you could find a lighter tire , these seem to be bomb proof and wear very well.Update 10/30/12
 I 've only been riding on these for 6 weeks or so , but I am loving them so far . I 'm a daily bike commuter and have had problems with flats in the past due to debris in the road . I decided to invest in more durable tires to save myself the cost of tubes and time to repair a flat . So far that has been a good decision !
 Have put a couple hundred miles on them . Go on easy , lots of traction , ride great . Have ridden through rocks etc no chew marks . Worth the money . Had 4000 's before , not much of a difference in riding style .
 200 miles into using the Gatorskins and I have n't had a flat . I do some rough city riding , over glass , potholes , etc. , every day to work , and I have to admit , this tires seem to be holding up better than my Armadillo tire that I have on the same bike -LRB- and which is showing some major nicks and cuts , but it still is holding up , too -RRB- . The Gatorskins have great low rolling resistance , but also seem to stick well on those nasty rainy days when the roads are slick . I have n't had the side-wall bulge problem , but I will have to say that when you install these tires they will go on tight - and you may have to double check the seating position of them . When I first installed the tire , one side was bulging . I let out some air , moved it around a bit to reseat , then filled the tire up again a few times until the tire bead was perfect . I have had many different types of puncture resistant tires , and found that most of them -LRB- especially wire or kevlar beaded ones -RRB- have to be double and triple checked to make sure the bead is correct , otherwise you may get a sidewall blow-out . This applies to any tire that fits super tightly when installed . Once the bead is on correctly , I have never had a problem . I also recommend a tire-jack -LRB- not tire levers -RRB- to install these as it will make that last bit of tire slide onto the rim much easier .
 Following the winter season , it takes several weeks to clear up the roads . I switched to Gatorskin tires on my Wheeler early in the 2011 season and am happy I did . I ride about 1500 road miles a year , mostly with friends and enjoyed both the ride and the lack of flat tires all last season . I bought a pair for replacement spares and another pair for my brother on his new , used Marin .
 I ride my bike to and from school every day and the roads here are not very bike friendly , lots of gravel , potholes , etc. . After 3 flat tires in one week , I got fed up and decided to shell out a bit more for this tire , and three months later I love my decision . I bought new tubes at the same time , but have n't used them , a tube with three separate holes patched has lasted me this entire time without a single flat !
 I ride a road bicycle with 700x25 tires in the front and 700x28 in the rear , both gatorskins . I ride on trails -LRB- crushed gravel , paved , dirt -RRB- as well as the road , up to distances of 50 miles . Before installing these tires , I used to get flats about once a month from glass or other debris on the road . I have had these tires for over a year and I have not had a flat since , even though my bicycling has actually increased . I highly recommend these tires , especially for commuters .
 This tire works perfect for those riding on a daily base . I installed this on a Treck 1.5 and it works great ! Tough and durable !
 I bought these tires for the flat resistance and longevity , and they hold up very well . I have had mine ultra continental gatorskins for over 8 months and 3700 + miles so far and still going . I am an avid cyclist , i ride on roads , gravel , sand , mud and wet streets , no flats yet .
 These are the best tires out there ! you will never have any problems.My fiance and I ride hundreds of miles a month on our bikes Recumbent racing bikes and road bikes BUT I use with these tires TUFFIES ASWELL TO MAKE THEM BULLET PROOF !! I have had 1 flat in 8 years and thats because I wore the tire to the tube . thanks for reading and Amazon is the cheapest place to get them !!
 Great upgrade to my bike . I had 5 flat for the first 400 miles on my road bike , upgraded the tires to the Gatorskins and have not had a flat since -LRB- 300 miles -RRB- on the same roads .
 I 've riden these tires for about 60 miles so far . They are good tires and they grip the road very good , I 've had no issues with them so far no cuts nor tears on them . I will buy Continental from now on .
 After searching the Web I came back to Amazon where I found my item at the best price , in stock . As always the delivery was great and the experience the same.Continental Ultra Gatorskin tires are really great for training and all around riding . They 're the best I found for simi smooth roads in Michigan .
 I cycle approx 100 to 150 miles per week . On average I was having 1 to 2 flats every time I rode . I installed this tire and have ridden over 1000 miles without a flat . The only problem the super fast flat change out skills I had prior to buying the tire have gotten rusty . Great tire ...
 I like a nice lite tire . Anything over 200 grams just slows me down too much . This tire is way heavy ! Do not buy this if you are trying to set new records or destroy your friends in a long ride . I have not changed a flat in 300 miles with it , and I have hit some things purposefully to test it . BUY IT
 Is it wrong to love tires ? Because these are awesome , bulletproof over glass and other sharp bits I 've encountered on the roads of LA. .
 After having 3 flats on a metric century ride in the middle of nowhere I knew I needed to upgrade my older tires . I wanted to get tires that were super tough but still rolled fast . The reviews on the GatorSkins made me select these above other brands I was considering . Someone had described these as bullet proof which after the 3 flat disaster I was more than swayed . I have been riding with these tires for about 3 months and I absolutely love them . I do n't notice any loss of speed with the thicker tires and I , knock on wood , have n't had a flat . I did another metric century and have put many training miles on them in the 3 months . I would recommend these for great tough tires . I am very very happy !
 After blowing both tires -LRB- of a different brand -RRB- on a pothole in 2009 , I put a pair of ultra gatorskins on my road bike . Now I have over 4200 miles on them and have never had a flat . They are a bit heavier and harder -LRB- less cushion on bumps -RRB- than other tires I 've had , but they grip well in all conditions , have low rolling resistance and are indestructible .
 I 've owned Gatorskins for about 4 months and riding on average 100 + mi a week . I live in Naples Italy and the roads are not forgiving . So far I 've had very good luck with them , the front still looks great and the rear has some nicks from the glass , trash , broken roads and cobble stones . I will probably rotate the tires this week . If you 'd like to see the conditions go to youtube and search for biggyswa videos . Good riding !
 These are great tires . The pictures above supplied by G. Powell indicate abuse , not normal wear . I 've been a happy consumer of Continental tires for 20 + years
 I commute daily , year-round , in Chicago , about 18 miles a day . Unfortunately , my ride takes me through a part of town where the primary form of entertainment seems to be breaking glass on the streets . Puncture-resistant tires are n't an option , they are a requirement.I have the kevlar-beaded version of these tires on my road bike and they make the perfect training wheels , so these were a no-brainer option for the commuter / mountain bike . Before we continue , keep in mind that Continentals are notoriously difficult to mount on a rim . The fit is extremely tight , so make sure to throw a pair of plastic bike levers in your flat kit . Unlike me . My first day on the tires was less than stellar . About 5 miles from home , I got a flat and discovered a piece of glass had worked its way through the casing . Already , there were lots of cuts and embedded glass in the tire . Because I forgot to put tire levers in my flat kit , it took me a little while and some creative vocabulary to replace the tube.However , over the next three months , I 've only gotten one other flat . That 's pretty impressive for my commute , as I average 1 a month with any other brand of belted tire . Additionally , these tires are fast . Really fast . The accelerate nicely and stick turns exceptionally well -LRB- a traditional Continental trait -RRB- . So , will these end all flats ? No . But they 'll keep flats to a manageable level . In the meantime , they perform almost as well as racing tires and inspire confidence in less-than-perfect situations -LRB- gravel , rain , etc. -RRB- .
 I have had the Gatorskins for a year or so and love them . I live in DC and bike to work 25 miles each day . This morning on my ride , a piece of jagged glass got stuck in the tires and was making a clicking noise each time the glass came in contact with the pavement . Essentially , each revolution was pushing the glass further towards the tube and due to the conditions , I had to ride a mile or so like this . Any normal tire would have punctured , but I picked out the piece of glass and continued on my way . Theses tires are a must for commuters who have to deal with city roads filled with all sorts of debris .
 I hate to be yet another chiming in no flatter but what do ya say ? I built my all ti hybrid hardtail -LRB- with rockshox judy XL double crown ! the enigma ! morati W bars & seatpost , ti chainrings -RRB- nearly 4 years ago and thousands of miles later I 'm just now figuring I better replace the back tire - not a single flat even tho when I see a pile of broken beer bottle I veer over and bunny hop into it . -LRB- LOL -RRB- I always hated flats and though I also run the slime tire liner , I use the extra thin tubes and fully love these Contis . I run them at 107lbs using Shimano XTR rims -LRB- the ones with the spoke tighteners in the hub , they only made them a short time -RRB- and amazingly enough these are VERY supple and comfortable at that pressure - -LRB- compared to Tom Slick and Performance City Slick I have tried before - the Gatorskins are faster yet give more on bumps even at a higher pressure , if you can believe -RRB- If there is a negative I did have an unbelievably hard time getting them on this particular rim , I know the proper technique of fitting them in the opposite valley , but even with gloves on and getting them soapy wet I BARELY got them on with about 15 minutes of grunting . -LRB- I wo n't use levers , they should be unnecessary with most installs -RRB- This may be irrelevant to any rim but the Shimano XTR so I do n't reflect this in the rating , we know all rims size a little different . It has kept me from rotating the SOBs tho.As far as I am concerned this is the only tire I would ever buy again , I could spend less but would sacrifice longetivity and flat prevention so it would save NADA .
 This is the 2nd set I bought . The first set lasted 4 years before finally wearing out . I expect this set to last just as long . Gatorskins offer good protection against puncture flats . Keep them inflated and they 'll last a long time , even after getting nicks and cuts in them .
 Have around 1000 miles on these tires ... no rotation yet ... and not a single flat . Will look to purchase more of these great tires .
 These are great tires ! They are nearly bullet proof ! i use them for training , however i have used them for a full century . Def . not the lightest tires out there , but a great tire that wont get flats !
 Have used this one season without a flat . A bit heavy with the steel bead but a great training tire .
 relatively light and fantastic reliability.goes for miles and miles.relatively light and fantastic reliability.goes for miles and miles .
 I 've only had these tires for two weeks , so I ca n't write much of a review at this point . That said , I would like to add a few comments to the discussion.A lot of people here complain about how difficult it is to put these tires on . I bought a pair of 700x23 tires for my road bike and I can attest to this . However , I came to realize that it was more me and less so the tires . The first tire took me nearly 45 minutes to get on . After 30 minutes , I got so frustrated that I started to look up the return policy . I decided to give it one last try and sure enough I got it on with minimal effort . The trick is to work BOTH sides of the tire into rim as you go around . With my old tire , I used to fit one side of the tire into the rim then come back around and finish the other side . Not so with this tire . Its stiffness prevents you from doing that . My approach is to start at the valve and slowly fit the tire into the rim . You can get about half way around just by using your hands . To finish it off , you will the need the help of tire irons - my plastic ones work just fine . With this technique , I managed to put on the second tire in less than 2 minutes.My other comment is with regard to flats . No tire is puncture proof . If you jab a sharp nail into any inflated tire , you will puncture it . The best a tire can do is reduce the likelihood of getting a puncture . I 've read a lot of reviews , here and elsewhere , that give a tire 1 star because they got a single flat . This is absurd . You need to give a tire at least a 1000 miles to judge its worth . But again , getting a flat is all about luck -LRB- or the lack of it -RRB- . I 've had a cheap set of $ 20 tires go for months without allowing a flat . Conversely , I 've had a top of the line tire blow out in its first week . Over a long enough time though , a well constructed tire will allow fewer flats and last much longer than a poorly made one.So far , these tires ride well . I live in Seattle , where the roads are always wet and slippery , but I 've had no trouble handling my bike in even the worst of conditions . The thickness of the tires also makes my rides a lot smoother . I hope I can remember to come back here in a few months and say more about its durability . From what I can tell , I expect these to hold up well .
 These are some tough tires . I got them to train for a half Ironman . I put on many miles on the bike and these tires seem to take the road work well . I hope to have them last much longer than my other tires .
 I was having problems with thorns so I bought these along with puncture resistant tubes and liners , and now after 1,000 miles no flats . Also I ran over a nail on the road and it went through the outside rubber and then turned and shot through the sidewall . I pulled it out and no flat , and after about 700 more miles still no problems . Real great tires if you 're not concerned with weight for the super competitive racers .
 Anyone using a tire other than Gatorskins is not making a good choice ... These tires grip the road , have little rolling resistance , and resist puncture very well ...
 mounted these after 3 flats in 3 weeks on old rear tire / only have about 100 miles on these so far / no more flats / will need to get more miles and see how they hold up / so far , they 're great
 I changed my tires from off road style to these gatorskin road tires and saw a huge and immediate improvement due to rolling resistance . I was able to maintain a higher average speed and the roads I ride on are sometimes pitted or full of gravel and after the first wind/rain storm there were a lot of branches on the bike paths . I have not had a single flat tire since I switched to these tires and I have over 100 miles on them now .
 I bought some for myself and they have been so awesome that i bought my adult son some too . He kept getting a flat everytime we went out . . after putting these tires on . . not another flat . !! for either of us .
 No leaks yet !! Worked well in terms of not pinching when putting on with Continental Gatorskin 700x23c tires which are a snug fit getting over rim .
 I am going to be buying my third set of Gatorskins , and could not be happier ! A friend suggested them to me as I got a lot of flats , and I have not looked anywhere else since then . They ride well and wear even better , besides being nearly bulletproof as compared to many similarly priced options . Each of the last two seasons , I rode the whole year on a single set , putting on 6500-7500 miles a season before it was time to replace ; I did have a sidewall blowout on one after 6000 miles , but they already exceeded expectations by that point . I highly recommend these road tires for commuters and general road riders alike .
 Original Continental Ultra-Sport tires on my 2011Schwinn Le Tour Classic Road Bikecame up with 5 flat tires within 205 miles . Swapped out the rim strips forVelox Adhesive Bicycle Rim Tape - Single Roll - # 51 x 17mm - RIMT2010plus these Continental Gatorskins . Now over 600 miles without a single flat . Enough said ?
 Bought these for my husband who bikes on the road and was constantly getting flat tires . He put these on and so far NO FLATS ! He is getting ready to ride in the MS150 ... He rides every year ... So these were a GREAT price and so worth it !
 There service from the merchant was excellent . The tires arrived sooner than expected.I 've been riding the same 35c Schwalabe tires for more than 10 years without problems . I decided to down-size to pick up some performance gains and have not been disappointed . The Contis in 28c handle noticeably quicker than my fatter tires , without significant decrease in ride comfort . I rode all over NYC , on various rode surfaces , the first weekend I had the Contis and can report that they hold up well and appear to be as puncture resistant as the Schwalbes.Very satisfied .
 I 've been using these tires for two and a half years -- about 3000 miles . I bought them from Niagra Cycle Works here on Amazon for $ 41.99 each -LRB- incl shipping -RRB- . I did get a few flats , but it was n't the tires ' fault -- when I replaced the tires , I accidentally pushed aside the rim strip a bit , exposing a very small portion of the spoke nipple holes , which caused two flats before I figured out how to fix that -LRB- i.e. , I used electrical tape to tape down the rim strip into place in the middle of the rim -RRB- . So no flats through the tire -- GREAT ! The grip seems as adequate as one can expect.My only complaint about this tire is n't much of a complaint -- the beads seem very tight . It takes a great deal of effort and thumb pain to seat the tire on the rim -- but I guess you should expect that with pretty much any high pressure tire -LRB- I 'm somewhat new to high-pressure tires -RRB- . Good thing that one does n't need to do this very often -- because of no flats !! I would recommend this tire to anyone who wants a high-pressure tire that is quite immune to punctures .
 I 've been commuting with these for the last six months or so and they 're great . . I ride through industrial areas with gravel , glass , shards of metal all over the road . These tires power through all that stuff . They still can be punctured , I 've had goatheads get through them , but they are much more resistant than your average tire . I run the slime tubes too and they take care of the goatheads that have gotten through . Mainly the only flats I 've gotten are pinch flats , my fault for underinflating . They also grip the road really well I 've rode on really wet roads with them and they do ok for a smooth tire and they roll real nice . . Yeah good stuff . .
 I was experiencing flat tires nearly monthly due to small shards of glass . These tires have stopped all of that . I could not find a bike store in town that carried a similar product . Thanks Amazon .
 It 's hard to find a better tire for the price , but these are n't the Gatorskins of years ago ... . Continental 's manufacturing quality has cheapened over the years on these tires . The sidewalls look painted on and the PSI specs are barely legible in the thin relief . After 2k-3k miles the tread wears down significantly and punctures will show up on a regular basis -LRB- 25c , 57cm frame , 180lbs -RRB- . I 'm on my 4th set and I keep buying the tire because of excellent rain performance . If you feel skittish going downhill in the rain , these tires can help .
 Started riding my bike to work to improve my health and save on car costs . Received a bike from my father-in-law . It 's an old all-steel bike . It 's not the greatest thing on two-wheels but could n't beat the price -LRB- free -RRB- . Started getting a lot of flats . I 'm a lot bigger than my father-in-law . I 'm what is known in bike vernacular as a `` Clyde '' -LRB- Clydesdale -RRB- . After three flats in 8 days I had had enough . Did a lot of research and decided on these Ultra Gatorskin 700x28c 's Bought these tires a little over 16 months ago . Put over 2,000 miles on them . Have not had one flat since . They ride smooth and hold up well . I also installed puncture resistant tubes , so that probably helped the flat issue . Will definitely shop Continental when it comes time to replace them
 I use the x25 's on my fixie . My first pair lasted 2.5 years before buying this second pair for my freshen up build . $ 40/each is nothing if you can beat the hell out of a tire for 2 + years and still be going strong .
 No complaints on this one . At 110psi it 's solid as a rock and grips the road great . I 've had one as my front tire for about 4 months and I 've never had an issue . Just put one on the back . Mine 's a fixed gear so I skid a bit , and it 's holding up really well . I recommend this tire without any reservations .
 not a heavy rider , but road ride about 2-3 times a week ... been about 3 months and have yet to get a flat -LRB- knock on wood -RRB-
 Fantastic tire that you immediately notice a difference in rolling resistance between the stock 26 '' mountain bike tires and these .
 These look great on my bike , never flat , and have a smooth ride . Usually run them at about 90-100psi on my 25c size .
 Update : After 3000 + miles on Gatorskins , and only two flats -- one was a goat-head thorn , the other a piece of metal that cut the tire -- I believe these are very , very good tires . I ride with a guy who was riding on another -LRB- major , popular -RRB- brand and he was having flat after flat . In all the times I 've ridden with him , probably ten flats , at least . He switched to these tires , and no more flats.So far I have one Gatorskin with about 2000 miles on it , and I would guess it could do another 2000 miles , give or take , before it needs to be replaced -LRB- assuming no cuts , etc. -RRB- . Considering what I paid , that works out to about one cent per mile in tire costs.Everyone that I know who rides on these tires likes them . I do a group ride weekly and there are a lot of riders using them . These are fairly serious riders , probably averaging 3000 + miles per year . -LSB- ... -RSB- Got the 27x1-1 / 4 size for my vintage 1983 road bike , and after 700 miles on them , I have to say , great tires.Knock on wood , but I 've not had a single flat . I do road and class I trails , and they seem to be wearing very slowly , in spite of the fact that I am a borderline clyde -LRB- just south of 200 lbs , currently -RRB- . Search on the bike forums , you 'll find these tires are well-respected and popular , apparently with good reason.Great tires . I could not be more pleased with them . They mount easily . I was even able to get the one on the rim without tire levers . I used them on the first one I mounted , then decided to try without levers , and it worked . Since I do n't have a lot of practice working with flats , except on other people 's bikes.Be careful when you mount them ... the rotational direction is specified on the sidewall , but it 's hard to see unless you 're outside . I 'm not convinced that they are really directional , but just the same ...
 I 'm a big rider , 6 ' 8 '' and 255 # so I am very hard on tires . Once I started using Gators I have not had a single flat since . I have even pulled sharp pieces of glass and stuff out of the tire after riding but they did n't penetrate through to the tube .
 After 1000 miles , m tires are still going strong and look like new . They have excellent dry traction , handle wonderfully on my fitness/commuter bike -LRB- 700x25 -RRB- , and even offer good traction on wet roads -LRB- much better than any other tire I 've previously owned -RRB- .
 i , m happy with my new gatorskins , they roll nice , good traction and the added asurance of not getting a flat with the Kevlar material in the tire.The price I paid from Amazon was much cheaper than I would of have locally .
 This is a super high pressure tire for riding rugged rural Maine roads . It is cheap , tough and speedy . I bought three .
 I 've run some pretty cheap tires over the years and decided to bite the bullet and get something that would be longer lasting . It 's too early to comment on the long lasting piece but they ride nice . I have noticed that the rear tire wears more quickly than the front so I will rotate them in the near future . Perhaps this should be a normal maintenance action anyway .
 This is for the Ultra Gatorskin , I have 300 mi on them . I do n't race , but i do use my bike for work and fun . Sisteen miles a day . Some bike trails -LRB- paved -RRB- , city streets , i ride in curb area , small rocks , glass , pot holes , can hear the tries shootout rocks , can be a war zone at times . Great tires , mounted on 36 hole Mavic Open Pro with 105 hubs , i weigh 220 lb and keep tires at 105 lb air.I 'm from Albuquerque NM , Goat Heads everywhere , even in my front yard . I check my tires each day , pull out anything -LRB- goatheads , glass , etc -RRB- thats not rubber . So far so good . . i believe in checking tires after each ride . . keep foreign material for working its way into the tires . I like my bike so much I bought Ultra Gatorskins for it . Very happy so far , fast , handles turns well , stops well and very good buy . Hope this helps ... i will buy again . Theres no guarantees . . so i know i did my best , and so i enjoy the ride , carry co2-and a extra tube . If i get a flat , i will fix it and get on my bike and enjoy the ride once again .
 I replaced a pair of Specialized Armadillo tires with Gatorskins . I 've only ridden 40 miles since changing but there is quite a difference . The G-skins have a far superior ride . I have neck problems and the A-dillo 's , while I liked them and got very good service from them , my neck would be very uncomfortable following a ride . A-dillo 's have a very harsh ride . I would never have believed that tires woud have that much effect on the ride , assuming they have the same psi , but obviously they do . I ride to work a couple of times per week and ride on a very busy street so there 's lots of debris on my route so we shall see how they wear . But for now , very happy !
 I am a near-daily bike commuter and have run Gatorskins on my road bikes for about 3000 miles total . My commute consists of residential , urban , and paved trail riding , and through those thousands of miles , I can count the number of flats I 've had with them on one hand . Gatorskins have pretty outstanding handling on dry surfaces , and for road tires , they handle far better than most others I 've tried on wet surfaces . While virtually all of my experience with Gatorskins has been rosy , I do have two small complaints . One , they are an absolute pain to get on a rim -LRB- getting them off is a little easier , but not by much -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and snag aBead Jack . While you can get a Gatorskin on with just tire wrenches , the bead jack will save your thumbs , 45 minutes , and a boatload of cursing . Two , they are a bit on the heavy side for road tires . If you 're using your bike for commuting or distance road rides and want a reliable , almost impenetrable tire , I definitely recommend the Gatorskin .
 So far these tires are great . They ride extremely smoothly and so far no blown tubes , albeit they only have a couple hundred miles on them right now . These tires do require a bit more effort to put on than my Schwable tires I replaced and I was a bit concerned with pinching a tube . In all , the construction of the tires is excellent . Oh , the direction of rotation . I highly doubt it matters on a road bike that might get up to 50-55 mph on a steep downhill and only normally sees speeds in the low to mid 20 's during normal use , but there is a rotational direction printed on the side of the tire . It is not easily identified . I had to turn the tire just so in the light to even read it or see the little arrow but it is there . I am sure that some granola will probably say that by following the proper rotational pattern on a road bike tire will gain you .002 mph increase in average speed but I doubt it matters .
 The Continental Gatorskin tire is a more than satisfactory product for a commuter-style road biker . It is sturdy under normal use and stands up to cracks and pavement irregularities as well as any tire this rider has used . The only drawback I found was the size limitation of the product . I prefer a slightly smaller -LRB- 700x20 -RRB- tire for less friction and higher pressure with less pumping ... Good appearance , slightly higher weight , price average , quality is excellent .
 If you use different tires for training and racing , these are the tires to have for high mileage training . They 're heavy , slightly slower , and do n't corner as well as a typical racing tire , but they last forever and I 've never had a flat on one . I have 23c and 25c versions of this tire , and the 23c has stiffer sidewalls and corners better , but the 25c feels plush on rough roads by comparison , so choose based on riding conditions , but also check your frame clearance as some newer frames are too narrow to run a 25c without risking it rubbing the chainstay .
 I ride fixed in an urban environment and was infuriated with constantly having to deal with small pin-hole flats . I eventually had to start carrying around a flat-repair kit in my bag -LRB- patches , tube , levers , mini-pump -RRB- , which definitely helped in terms of not getting stranded , but it was still a hassle having to take 10-15 minutes out in public fixing a flat or two a week , plus the weight of all the extra kit.After doing some research on puncture-resistant tires and asking around town I finally decided on the Gatorskins and I have to say I love 'em . The day after I put them on I had to do some riding around town and after all the snow we 've had recently the roads have been in less than stellar condition . In addition to the ubiquitous threat of broken glass , I also was dealing with tons of gravel , pot-holes , and left over road-salt , conditions where , with my old tires I 'd have flatted out no question . The Gatorskins took these conditions like a champ and provided better rolling resistance than my old tires at the same time . I think the real moment that converted me to the Gatorskins was when I came to a stop at an intersection and a second later heard a good sized rock come shooting out from under my tire with a loud `` Pyooo ! '' Just a day before that sound would no doubt have been a quiet , defeated hiss.As I said before , the puncture resistance is n't the only benefit to these tires , they roll great and they stick like glue . If you 're trying to pull out long skids these tires are definitely not for you , but if you 're trying to get from going to stopped in a hurry then I ca n't recommend them more.To sum it all up , great tires , they 'll handle all the nastiness that torn-up city streets can throw at you , roll with little resistance , and stop on a dime . If you 've got the money it 'll be hard to find better.EDIT
 I think everyone has pretty much covered all the good things about these tires , so I just want to point out these are marked as `` directional tires '' , not that it may actually make much of the differences since these are not even treated tires , but why not make things right from the beginning when you have the chance , the direction of sign is marked on the red sided lable , not very noticeable.Also these tires will be very difficult to install when brand new , they are very tight and will hug the rims like nothing else , so make sure you got some good tire levers like the Kool Stop Tire Bead Jack or very strong/thin tire levers .
 Pros :1 . Flat protection . Second only to the armadillo . Armadillos wear out way faster though .2 . Low rolling resistance lets you go fast3 . look good when new4 Great all condition tire5 . good but expensive for skiddingCons :1 . Look ugly when old2 . Although they are flat resistant , they still get a bunch of embedded debris that does n't penetrate .
 Average around 100 miles a week on my cro-moly frame racing bike which weighs in at 18 pounds fully prepped and loaded . Last set of tires were Michelin Krylion 700x23 's folding model . Ca n't tell you how many punctures I got with them , it was just constant . And they looked like they were 28mm in width after fully inflated . Went back to a pair of Kevlar-belted Schwinn radials I had sitting around the garage from years ago -LRB- these had tan-colored sidewalls and were stiff wire construction -RRB- but blew the casings due to dry rot pretty quickly . Read some reviews online and purchased a pair of Continental Gatorskins 700x25mm folding model , which are hand-made in Germany . I installed these carefully on my Araya rims which normally handle 20mm racing widths . Though they make the bike a lot faster , the 20mm 's give a very harsh ride due to the necessity to maintain 120 + psi pressure and a narrower contact surface . So over the years I have gravitated toward 23 or 25mm widths . Once installed correctly -LRB- take your time and do it the right way -RRB- the Gatorskins pump up hard as a rock at only 85 to 90psi . These are `` directional '' tires and need to be installed with the tires facing a specific direction relative to the surface pattern . Ride quality is not to be believed . After a week or so of sticky `` break-in '' the bike rides like a Mercedes , like there are shock absorbers on both front and rear wheels . It 's just so comfortable to ride . Quick and fast on turns , and acceleration is amazingly swift . You 're totally attached to the pavement with no skipping or bouncing on fast curving ascents or descents . After three months and around 1200 miles , not even one scratch on the rubber coating on these tires . And the sidewalls are as undamaged and clean as they were when UPS delivered them . Note this reviewer weighs 158 lbs . so I do n't as a rule stress tires as much as a heavier rider might .
 These replaced a set of Bontrager Race something or the others that came stock on my 2011 Trek 7.3 FX . I could n't tell you the exact model number because I am trying incredibly hard to forget that they even exist . They were possibly the worst tire known to man . I am convinced that they are forged in hellfire by Satan himself and then given an ancient voodoo mummy curse before they are stretched onto the equally treacherous stock Bontrager Nebula wheels -LRB- which I just recently replaced with Mavic Kysrium Equipes -RRB- . I endured the Bontragers for 500 miles before they got swapped for the Contis , which now have 508 miles on them . I figure I have a pretty good grasp of each to make a fair and grounded comparison.On my 31 mile training ride on the Bontragers -LRB- pumped to max @ 70psi I think -RRB- I was averaging about 9mph , 10 if I was lucky , and topping out at about 20 to 21mph on downhills with lots of effort . I felt like I was fighting the road to get any kind of forward motion and with every sharp corner I could feel death 's cold stare glaring at my back wheel as it skipped precariously across the pavement at low speed . Acceleration was like stirring cold molasses in Antartica and the ride made you feel the road in a really really bad way . Not to mention they would flat out if you breathed on them wrong.With the same size tire -LRB- 700 x 32c -RRB- in the Gatorskins on the exact same ride -LRB- pumped to max @ 101psi -RRB- I average 12-13mph easily , I could probably do 14 if I really wanted to feel the burn . Downhill I have cracked it open to 28mph and felt like I still had room to go faster . Uphill climbing performance is extraordinary ; I ca n't believe the rate , power , and speed , I can now conquer hills with . Not to mention I can do 3 mile blasts on flat land at 22mph without even feeling like I am breaking a sweat . Sticks like glue in the corners at high speed even with my big 260 + lbs butt creating inertial havoc . I accelerate like a Ferrari from a dead stop , ride like a Mercedes Benz over anything short of a tree stump , and feel as indestructible as a 97 Toyota Land Cruiser . I have ridden over broken glass , through construction sites , and whatever else the Los Angeles city roads/beach bike paths could throw at me in the last 508 miles and only have 1 gash where a REALLY large piece of glass was able to penetrate the rubber but not the Kevlar shank . This truly is an absolutely amazing tire!So amazing that today I bought a set of 23 's to replace the 32 's because my LBS had a crazy sale on them . I wanted to go to a smaller size anyway . WOW ! I am scary fast now . Yet , I feel just as confident and as stable I did on the 32 's . On the short ride I was able to get in before I was obligated to do life things I got her up to 27mph on flat land without feeling like I was putting an ounce of effort into it . The 23 's took a lot less air to pump to get rock hard and I can run them up to 120psi . I have them at 117psi right now , and they feel fantastic ! I ca n't wait get some distance with these babies.As far as installation is concerned they are n't any harder to stretch on than any other tire I have installed . I have tire levers and that Kool Stop thingy . I got both tires installed , inflated , and mounted in under 10 minutes . Even if they were as painful to put on as some have stated , I think whatever agony they could possibly cause to mount is well worth what you get in return ; a truly remarkable tire.For an overall training , commuting , or just plain cruising tire you really ca n't get any better . These Gatorskins have transformed a decent bike into a stellar ride . I have no doubt in my mind that they will do the same to yours . Happy shopping and mind the directional arrow when you install!UPDATE - I have logged 200 miles on my 700x23c Gatorskins in the past week and all I have to say is WOW ! I managed to lob 26 + minutes off of my 31 mile training ride , now average 16 mph over the course of that 31 miles -LRB- where before with the 32s it was 13.5 -RRB- , and am quickly becoming one of the fastest riders on the path according to Strava . I can pass most riders with ease and the REALLY fast guys on fancy road bikes I have no problem keeping up and pacing with . That was just after the first long ride on them . My times are incrementally faster every time I get on the path . Amazing!I strapped my old 32c Gatorskins to my girl 's Trek 7.3 FX I got her for Xmas . It too came with the same Bontragers mine came with , and the difference is night in day in her performance . Mind you she is fit , small , and light but nowhere near as a conditioned rider as me . Within an instant she noticed a HUGE difference between the tires . She now ride as fast as me -LRB- and sometimes faster -RRB- where before she was struggling just to stay within a few lengths behind me . She now loves long rides where before they were a physical chore . Most importantly , she feels confident and safe on her new tires.If you have the upgrade bug , forget the expensive crankset , forget the quick shifters and derailleurs , forget the fancy pants wheels . You want a major upgrade that 's worth more than every penny you throw at it , buy these tires !!!!! NOW HIT THAT BUY BUTTON !!!!!
 I am your typical 48 year old grey haired rider who has more ability to buy very expensive equipment than ability to win bicycle races . I 've always bought expensive 700 x 23 tires . I also kept getting flats , some speculate because of my weight and the high tire pressure . So I went to the Gator Skin 700 x 25 and I have n't looked back . The ride is incredibly smooth with no appreciable resistance to rolling . Finally , the right tire for me .
 Continental just simply makes great tires ! These are light , roll easily , and I have had one on the rear now for a year and in 2500 miles it 's not worn out yet . Even if there are lighter tires out there , I would n't trade these for a few grams .
 Length :
 If difficulty in mounting this tire on a rim is any indication of its toughness , then this tire is the toughest tire in the world . Period . I purchased a set of these tires after I had 4 flat tires in a two week period . I race triathlons in Utah , and two of these flat tires were during an Olympic distance race , which completely ruined my race . So I did a bunch of research on flat-resistant tires , and Continental Gatorskins were in the top 3 choices of most cyclists . Specialized Armadillo 's seemed to be rated a bit higher than the Gatorskins , but you can only buy Specialized products from dealers.When I mounted these tires for the first time , I actually broke a tire lever , and required another person to help get the last little bit of tire over the lip of the rim . It was not fun . So when I found out that I punctured the inner tube with the tire lever , I was very pissed-off that I needed to unmount the tire and do it all over again . Here is a life saving tip on these tires
 After getting about 10 flats in 3000 miles on the stock tires that came with my new bike , I switched to these . No flats in 2500 miles and they roll great . I 'm hooked for life .
 Do n't let the `` I got a flat so this tire sucks '' crowd worry you . Punctures are just a matter of whats on the road that you roll over . Itcould happen the first day you put it on , or not for 1000 miles . These tires are very robust . Great durability and one of the few quality non-racing tires to come with what is essentially a slick tread . I could n't recommend these more highly .
 I weigh 200 # , have 700/25 tires that I ride at 100 psi . For a heavy tire , they ride well . 3200 miles and my rear is starting to show substantial wear , the front only moderate . I 'll replace with same tire , probably around 4000 miles . I 'm impressed !
 Have over 12,000 miles on two sets of these tires and have only had one flat . Would n't buy anything else .
 After getting flat after flat on the tandem using ` normal ' tires for 500 miles , I got these Gatorskins , and have n't had a single flat in the last 3500 miles . The substantial extra weight of a tandem beats up on tires , but these have been excellent . I run them at about 100-110 psi , and they roll nicely even with the weight of two people . Highly recommended .
 These are the best tires period . They grip the road without giant treads and they * do n't flat * ! I , like most of these other reviewers have been riding on them for years with 1000 's of miles on them and have never gotten a flat .
 I have ridden on these tires this entire season , which includes two road races , and a good portion of last season . That is over 7000 miles , most of which was done on my primary bike which has these tires . They have performed flawlessly.Second set being ordered up . Thank you , Continental .
 These tires seem to be doing the job , No one likes changing the bicycle tube on the side of the road , i got my bike for Christmas and my first ride within two miles i had two flats , the front and back wheel !!! Checked with the local bicycle store and they recommended the continental GatorSkin tires , I changed the two tires and got New tubes `` Avenir Thorn Resistant Tube 700x18-25c '' , so far i have put 100 miles with no problems , although i have been riding when it is 110 F outside , they seem to be holding just fine , I am very optimistic about these tires and would recommend them .
 I 've been on my 700/23c Continental Ultra Gatorskins for 2,500 miles without a single flat , front or rear . I have the folding ones . I do n't know anything about `` rolling resistance '' and all that stuff . But I do commute 4,500 miles a year on fairly tough roads and I do n't want to waste time fixing flats . My commute takes me twice a day through the Santa Cruz mountains and the tires grip quite nicely . I 've also had them up to 62 mph in Lake Tahoe . These tires have been very durable for me and I highly recommend them . I 'm just now replacing them due to slight sidewall damage which may or may not be a problem . I just do n't want to take any chances . Without the sidewall issue , I suspect they 'd have about 500 miles left in them .
 Gatorskins are good rain or shine . These are sticky tires that grip even when wet . They also look pretty cool too .
 I got this tire and have probably put over 500 miles on them and they are holding up just fine As long as I use good tubes I do n't seem to have much problems . They do grip the road when it rains and I have ran over some debris and sugar cane while riding . These tires seem to hold up to what I have put it through so far .
 I 've been using these tires for 21/2 years now , and overall they 've been great . A few comments : They wo n't save you from all flats , but no tire can save you from all possible hazards . However I get noticeably fewer flats than other riders I 'm with , even after going over bad stretches of pavement.They 're very difficult to mount when new . For that , I recommend the Kool Stop Tire Bead Jack , which makes mounting them easy .
 I 've tried a variety of tires ranging in price from $ 15 - $ 35 and let me just say that those cheepies are a waste of money . I got flats every week or two just commuting in the city , and since I 've had the gatorskins I have n't had a flat for probably a year now . You can actually feel with your hands the difference between the hardness of a cheap tire and a gatorskin , there is no comparison . The reviews say it all , spend more now but save in the not-too-long run
 My bike -LRB- 1992 Klein Performance -RRB- just plain handles better
 I have 700x25 tires for road bike . I 've had these tires for 2 year and have about 2000 miles on them . I 've had one flat on the road . I ran over a sliver of something that penetrated the tire . I felt this sliver on the inside of the tire while changing it on the road . I purchased the foldable version which weighs a bit less . Most of my riding is commuting and on roads where there is traffic . They do sweep the roads around here , but there 's still a good amount of crap in the road . I 've only ridden on dry pavement so I ca n't attest to wet vs dry performance . I also have n't ridden on lots of different tires to be able to comment on the feel . But overall I 'm happy with these tires and would not hesitate to purchase them again . I ca n't give them five stars because I have not had them long enough to see how they hold up . But so far they are nice tires .
 I 've only had these tires for a month but have n't had any problems yet . Like all road bike tires they are difficult to get on . The tires are noticeably heaver then my old road bike tires but that is to be expected for tires that will resist flats .
 I bought these Gatorskins at my local bike shop and I am a bit embarrassed to say I have never been so excited over a pair of bicycle tires . My old Specialized bike had a set of Specialized tires -LRB- 20C -RRB- which probably could have gone another couple hundred miles . But I had the itch for some new tires , wanted some new assurance where the rubber meets the road . I also wanted a bit wider tire than the 20C Specialized , a tire with a bit more cushion . Stopped at my local bike shop to chit chat about tires , asked a ton of questions and the Gatorskins rose to the top and I decided on 23C size . I paid a tad more at my LBS than the prices found here on Amazon but the bike shop helped me with my decision and that has an intrinsic value . Also , they were kind enough to mount the tires which that service also has a value . My first ride on the new tires was on a patchy wet pavement , took me a while to build confidence in the new tires and come up to speed . I am a bit cautious on wet pavement , I am sure most riders use various degrees of caution under similar conditions . These Gatorskins are awesome , very reassuring , sidewalls seem a bit thicker and stiffer than the original tires and definitely ride better than the old 20C 's . I highly recommend Gatorskins .
 These gator skin tires seem to be holding up good so far . ran over a few rocks in the road that would have been bad news with other tires . Only put a couple hundred miles on them at this point , but they hug a curve good .
 I just installed these on my '86 Schwinn -LRB- 27 x 1.25 tire size -RRB- touring bike and they are great so far . Have about 50 miles on them and they seem much faster than my older tires . I 'm in an urban environent and they handle very nice and are holding up to my weight -LRB- 220 lbs -RRB- using 100lb of pressure over rough terrain .
 Reviews are a person 's subjective opinion so read all the reviews , look at the photos I uploaded , then make an informed decision . This review is for the 26 x 11/8 '' tires which I bought from a competitor of amazon.com . I have owned 2 other brands of slicks and Gatorskins are the best slicks I 've ridden on . They are the only slicks I 've found that can be inflated to a maximum of 120 psi and I inflate my tires to 105 psi . If you 're considering buying a pair of slicks make sure you also buy a pair of rims strips that are designed to withstand the higher inflation pressure of slicks , inexpensive/cheap rubber rim strips will deform and will cause tube splits where the rim strip deforms over the spoke nipple head on the rim . Learn from my mistake and buy rims strips that are a nylon cloth material , look at the photos I uploaded . Also , true your rims after mounting a set of slicks . Because a person can inflate these tires to a higher pressure than regular street or mountain bike tires a bike will ride rougher if it is a fix frame style bike that has no suspension . I ride a Raleigh SC200 that has a suspension seatpost and shock absorbing handle bars so the less tire rebound due to higher tire pressure does n't affect me . My bike still rides great.So far I 've very happy with them and am surprised how well they perform on ice patches on the rail trail I ride on . I am really pleased with the decrease in rolling resistance of the tires and am able to ride faster plus able to ride more miles in the same amount of time . Gatorskins have the least resistance of the 3 different brands of slicks that I 've owned over the years . If youhave a computer on your bike make sure you reset the tire diameter on your computer due the possible difference in size compared to your other tires . ** UPDATE ** May 28 2012 , these tires are AWESOME ! I have close to 1,000 miles on them and they look nearly brand new .
 Bought Conti GatorSkins in Denmark this summer ; recom by top Copenhagen cycle shop for wear and grip espec on slick stone city streets . Loved them so much bought 2 more .
 So far so good I 've logged 75 paved bike path miles on these tires with out problems and the aide of Mr Tuffy tire liners .
 I have enjoyed these new tires so far . I have put about 110 miles on them so they are just getting broken in . No flats yet and I have ridden on some gravel with them .
 Put these tires on and you 'll be sold.I 've rode many different brands and I know I will stick with continental from here on . I have 100 or so miles on them now and they are great they grip the road nice and corner fantastic I was really surprised . I ride a lot of urban and rural areas and the conditions are usually less than favorable , but these baby 's suck it up and perform well . The price and speed of delivery of amazon makes it a no brainer over the local bike shop .
 absolutely the best tire I have ever used . I have a year of about 30 miles/day on them . they look as though brand new
 My son is an avid cyclist and wanted these for a present . He 's been riding on them for several weeks now and really likes them .
 I ride about 4000 miles a year and was fine with stock tires until I moved to Denver . The trails here are like large sidewalks with breaks in the concrete every few feet which I 'm told makes tires wear faster . The amount of debris on the roads from plants and plowing was causing me to get flats pretty frequently . Very different from the nice paved roads I had back East . Everyone here seems to have Gatorskins so I ordered these in 700x25 and could not have been more pleased . I will roll over gravel , glass , ride on the shoulder , go on short packed dirt roads and not worry about getting a flat bombing down a hill . I avoid the rough if I can but I have never had a flat with these on the bike . Highly recommend .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but these tires are amazing and you should buy them.I ride about twenty miles per day between Chicago 's northwest side and Loop . I was getting one or two flats per week from tiny specks of glass , shards of metal , and anything else that accumulated on Milwaukee Ave.Since I installed these six months ago , I have n't had a single flat . I have n't changed anything else
 While I only cycle about 1,000 mi/yr , everyone hates flats . Not only do you waste a $ 5 tube , have to stop your ride , get dirty and waste time ; flats also add a bit of fear or mental risk to riding . My previous tires are Michelin Krylon Carbons , which are pretty good and about the same price point . I did n't notice a significant weight or ride difference , but the gatorskins are every bit as hard to mount on my wheels.Have not had a flat yet on my 2 gatorskin equipped bikes , roughly 1k miles . Before I averaged a flat every 300mi or so.Remember to fill to 100psi + to avoid pinch flats . No tire can completely prevent these , it is your job .
 This tire provides a very smooth ride and contains some of the best anti-flat tech . on the market -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . Very solid product , and easy to put on the wheel . While you can get a flat with ANY tire , I often ride in urban areas with various hostile debris littered about , and these tires almost never allow me to get flats . Really , the only thing you could do to further protect against flats is purchase tire liners .
 IF you have an issue getting flats these are the tires to get . Very sticky and tough . Will definitely get another set when I am due .
 This tire is filled with WIN . Grips well , low rolling resistance , and holds up against most crap that 's on our streets.Installation took a minute since it had to be stretched a tad but that was n't an issue . I ride 175miles a week to work .
 I 'm on my third or fourth set . When new they are perfect in every way . As they get old I get flats like any other tire before the tread wears out . I had a rear and front flat yesterday as well as a few here and they 're before that . These tire tell you when it 's time to replace . At over $ 100 a set I live in denial for a week or two . 6 months of flat free ? Pricless !!
 I have run nothing but the Gatorskin on my hybrid that I use for commuting for several thousand miles now . They are an amazing tire ! Their durability is unparalleled . I have run over more junk with them than I care to remember but flats are a very infrequent event . The durability of this tire is also great . I typically get about 3,000 miles out of a set before they need replacing . I have used this tire on many longs rides in many different weather conditions . I have no reason to use anything else . The only time I have had flats is when it is pretty well worn and getting thin . They are comfortable and handle very well for my application .
 i have had these on my everyday bike for a litle over 2 years and let me tell you the best . Yes we all know they are pricey but they are worth it . With proper maintance they will last i am a little over 2450 miles and they still rock !!!!
 I ride around NYC and do n't use anything other than this tire . I had too many issues with Michelin and kenda .
 My mom is an avid triathlon athlete , which means lots of cycling . She wears out tires fast!Also , she is always paranoid about getting a flat during a race . The Conti Gatorskins are the best tires on the market . She has never had a flat in training or during a race using these tires . They are not the lightest tires , but the durability more than makes up for the weight penalty . Mom gets almost a year out of a set of these tires , and they make a fantastic Christmas gift!Roll on !
 They 've done a really good job for me so far and I 'm very happy with my purchase . great price while on sale too
 Great tire , bullet proof , 200 miles no flats , will be buying a second set to go on my other road bike . Highly recommend if you are looking for a good dependable tire . .02
 I used to get a couple of flats per month , but not anymore . I rode my first gatorskin until the core was exposed , and got 2 of these as replacements . I am very happy with these tires . I ride up , and most importantly
 This is our fourth set of these tires . We have always had good luck with them . They are ridden an average of 110 miles a week and hold up well .
 I really did n't need new tires yet , but I thought I might be better off if I replaced my stock tires with an upgrade . I went wider than my original tire -LRB- I 'm around 200-210 lbs . You know you have a quality product when you get these out of the box . They are a more rugged material so it take more effort mounting than your typical tire , but I think they will be worht it . Supper impressed .
 This tire is has served me well for three years now . I ride fixed and I went through the whole `` skid to show off '' phase back in high school and this thing still has n't given me a flat except when I destroyed my back wheel due to a gnarly pothole . I do n't really know how many miles I put on this tire but three years of frequent rides to the beach -LRB- 22 miles round trip -RRB- , to and from school -LRB- college -RRB- , with only one flat ? I 'm sold . Rolling resistance is low on this tire compared to the Kenda that was on it before . Very well constructed . I would definitely buy it again if need be but this tire just wo n't give up . It 's starting to show some age because the gatorskin design on the sides are peeling off I do n't know if it 's supposed to do that but I know the tire has a good amount of life left . BUY THIS TIRE .
 I just recently put a pair of these on my bicycle and have already put 300 or so miles on them . So I can not comment on their long-term wear characteristics . But I can say it seems like they absorbed the bumps a little better than my previous continental tires .
 I 've tried other durable tires before because I ride a lot each year . THIS is the tire that I 'll be using for the conceivable future . The quality of this tire is much higher than Ruffy Tuffys .
 I have had these tires on my bike for almost three years . I commute by bicycle every day , and have n't had any flats due to tire punctures . These are well worth the investment !
 These are awesome . I used them in the past for winter training and they roll great , are really puncture safe . I replaced my set when you could see the cord inside and ca n't remember any flats at all during their lifetime . Simply amazing tires . A little more expensive but very high quality .
 All good . product as advertised , seller , delivery as expected . I have no idea how the tires will hold up . I purchased them because of flat problems ... time will tell .
 I have been riding on this type of tire for over 2 years now . I have this size of tire , 700X28 on a Trek road tandem , also use 700X25 on my Specialized Tarmac Carbon road bike , and my wife rides on 700X25 on her carbon road bike , a Trek Madone . This is the second set of these tires we have used on our bikes and have found them to be a great tire , less flats , and a good ride on hard surfaces .
 Received the tires in good condition . However , I noticed they did not say Ultra Gatorskins on them . They look like my old ones but I hope they match the specs . Took it out for a 26 mile ride with no problems . = -RRB-
 I 've been riding these for several years now . Great tire . Much less likely to flat , good life , and seem to roll well . I just wore out one and am ordering another .
 I bought the tires just before a 500 mile group ride . Not a single flat . Maybe just luck , but I was getting frequent flats with my old , stock tires .
 The stock Kenda rear tire on my bike was worn through at 1,000 miles . I replaced it with this Gatorskin and it 's been smooth sailing .
 I 've used Continental Gatorskins for years and have never disappointed . They 're very dependable for recreational riding and commuting . I rarely get flats and , when I do , it usually means that it 's time to replace them .
 These tires are amazing strong . I have n't biked with many different types of tires so I ca n't really comment on their rolling resistance but they have always given me good grip even on wet roads . By far the best investment I 've put into my bike .
 I 've used Continental 's Gatorskins for a few years now and have absolutely zero complaints . they last long , the keep your tube puncture free and they 're not too expensive -LRB- if you know where to look ! -RRB- . I 'm a daily bike commuter and weekend rider and these tires have never let me down .
 I have n't installed it yet but this bike tire looks great and should last a long time . I will likely buy one more .
 due to surgery I have not been able to use these tires yet , but I have purchased tires from this merchant before and they have good prices and fast shipment.I now have them in favorite places .
 I 've used these tyres for many years and have been very happy with them . They last a long time , they are not prone to flats , and they handle wet pavement as well as a skinny tyre can be expected . Given that I have 650 rims on my bike , it is difficult to find good tyres for them , and I was very relieved when I came across these .
 Love these tires . Have used them for many years . I do long distance road riding , no racing so I do n't care how much they weigh etc. . They are not puncture-proof but pretty darn close . If you are looking for the lightest , fastest tire , look for something else , but for a comfortable riding , almost puncture proof tire , these are top notch
 These tires are amongst the best day-to-day performers of the dozens of high-end road tires I have used , simply excellent . I seldom take the time to write Amazon reviews , but I 've been buying Gatorskins through Amazon for the past couple of years and have been looking at those same invalid , unrepresentative customer photos of these tires someone posted years ago . -LRB- Those photos and the associated critical comments were undoubtedly due to user abuse of the tires after many more miles than anyone should expect from such a product . -RRB- I have probably put on over 15,000 miles on Continental Gatorskins over the past few years , using them for serious recreational riding , training , and light touring . They handle turns extremely well , have great traction in even wet conditions , and are light enough for serious training . Like I say , I have used the best from other brands -LRB- Michelin , Vittoria , Vredestein , etc. -RRB- . These continentals are as good as the best of the others for everyday riding , and more economical than most .
 I 've commuted , done all day fast group rides and even raced on these gatorskins . While they 're not the fastest rolling tire by any means , and perhaps not the stickiest for bombing around a corner in a technical criterium , they do what they 're built to do , and that 's prevent flats . In over 1000 miles , they have n't flatted on me yet , and at 180lbs i 'm no toothpick Andy Schleck clone . I 've nailed one pothole square-on at 18 + mph -LRB- paceline leaders , point next time ! -RRB- , and ridden over my share of glass and gravel . So far , not even a slow leak.Speed wise they are not the fastest , however they are n't terrible . They do feel a bit ` squishy ' to me ; many times i 've thought I had flatted but it wasnt the case , simply due to the soft feel of the tires . Given this , they arent ideal race tires - however I have raced road races and criteriums with them and never once thought my tires left me at a disadvantage.At 1000 + miles i 've rotated the tires once and both front & rear are developing flat spots . The wear seems to be good considering the chipseal I often ride on & my weight.Overall I recommend . If you can afford a 2nd set of tires/wheels for raceday , by all means , do that . But for those of us with one bike & one set of wheels to ` do it all ' , they 're about the best compromise there is between speed and flat resistance .
 Great tires . Rode for about 800 miles . Got a couple of flats which is nowhere near the amount of flats I was getting with my stock tires . So there is no doubt that the puncture protection system works ... BUT like all other tires the weak spot is the sidewalls . I destroyed both tires on two consecutive riding days at the end of my 800 mile run . Can you freaking believe it ! Ran over a large piece of gravel on Wednesday , rested on Thursday then rode my bike again on Friday and hit another large piece of gravel . Both incidences cut through the side wall and destroyed the tires . Would have happened with ANY tire though . When a tire manufacturer comes out with a tire with ` tough-as-nails ' sidewalls I will gladly give it five stars . Bottom line - Puncture resistance system on this tire works and works well , good rolling resistance and there was considerably more shock absorption in these tires compared to my stock ones . Would never have imagined a tire could make that much of a difference .
 I have had these on my wife 's bicycles for several years . I have never had to fix a flat tire since using them . Before the GatorSkins , at least a flat tire every two-three weeks . She rides on country roads with lots of debris .
 Previously I 've bought Conti 3000 . They are a great tire and I usually get , if I rotate them . a little over 4500 miles . I bought the Gator Skins this time because of price . Like most folks these days , I 'm cutting corners , especially on non-essentials like bike tires . The Gator Skins are , as the name implies , rugged . They also required a little extra muscle to mount them on my Campy aerodynamic rims . As of now , I only have about 40 miles on these new skins , but I 'm very impressed with the roll and the improved ride . If they last anywhere near the 4500 mi I got with the Continental 3000 's , I 'll be a totally happy camper . I 'd reccomend these tires to my mommy .
 So I am an avid cyclist and have heard people rant and rave about these tires so I thought I would give them a shot . I went just under 6 months without a flat ! Which is spectacular considering I ride every day . Very strong and perfect tire for all training conditions . They are heavy but that is perfect for anyone looking to put these on a pair of training tires
 Great for desert riding where all the plants have sharp bits that end up on the road ... no flats so far this year .
 I ride 30 to 60 miles every other day around Ft. Myers FL . Lots of bikeways , bike lanes , sidewalks and also lots of broken glass & sandspurs to give you a flat . After 3 flats in one week I bought the Gatorskins and no more flats . Even with using the same old patched up tubes!I got the 28mm 'cause I ride sidewalks too . But pumped up to the limit of 116psi they 're as fast as a road tire . And they 're lighter than the tires that come stock on a new Trek 7.3
 No more flats ... period . Given the wet winter months , it 's nice to have new tread on my tires as well . I do not notice any extra weight that others discussed .
 Do n't know what happened to my original review but these are still great tires . I have experienced only one flat tire and that was a pinch-flat from hitting a road hazard , not from penetration from a thorn or glass which are in abundance on the roads in Las Vegas . Compared to my previous tires , these are like gold . I will definitely buy another set when these wear out .
 Arrived very quickly ! Thanks . Easy to install , smooth to ride on . I did a ride in Texas last April and had 5 flats . In one day ! Bought these when bike shop tech recommended them . They work great so far , but the real test comes in 73 days .
 had a pair for over three years . very well made . never an issue when running hitting that inevitable road debris
 After changing multiple flats alongside the road on my bike or my wife 's , I decided to spend the money for some quality tires -- I have n't had a flat since!The tires do `` feel '' a little different when riding , my wife characterizes it as feeling the road and debris more , and I 'd say that is a fair statement.I do n't do any competitive riding , but a friend of ours claims to have reduced his tri-times by using these tires .
 So far these tires have responded well on roads that are a but difficult -LRB- Cartagena , Colombia -RRB- . No issues with punctures . A bit thin for local conditions but they make the ride smooth and fast . Will need to test more to really be able to say how good they are .
 I 've been using Gatorskin tires on my bikes for over 4 years and will continue . They not only provide some resistance to punctures but also provide extended wear resistance . I usually get up to 6000 miles on a set .
 I 'm a diehard Red Sox fan so I have a number of Red Sox hats . This is the one I wear the most . I usually do n't buy fitted hats , but I had to make an exception for this style . Best of all , it 's been through the washer and dryer several times and still fits fine ! That 's the mark of a good quality hat !
 Great product . It looked fantastic !! My husband wanted one with a shamrock on the back , and this one had it . Plus , it arrived really quickly . I definitely recommend this product and this company !
 X Large fitted cap , great logo , well made , got thru the warehouse deals , great deal , a Red Soxs fan must . Go Red Soxs
 This is a awesome hat , the one I received actually has the red shamrock in the back -LRB- very cool -RRB- . This is a very comfortable and true to size hat . I may have to pickup an extra sometime soon . Go Sox !!!!
 This Green hat is the nicest Red Sox hat that I have ever owned . I bought two last week , already had one -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- and they were shipped here to PEI , Canada in 2 days !! I wore my older hat to The Dominican last Spring and could have sold it ten times to the Red Sox fans and people down there.They were roaring at me , Hey Papi , Hey Manny , how much for your hat . I looked for more than a year to find another one , and so happy to find them on Amazon.com.Go Sox , Boomer G.
 Got what I ordered . Very timely ! Pleased with service .
 Great item at a great price with quick delivery . Very pleased . Go Red Sox !
 Great ball cap with an interesting twist -- a St. Patrick 's Day motif -LRB- including a four-leaf clover on the back -RRB- . High quality hat that looks good any day of the year !
 Great fitted hat celebrating the Irish spirit in all of us .
 Hat came in great condition with no , issues quality looked good just wish we would make the hats in USA .
 I purchased this cap in time to wear it on St. Patrick 's day and it was a real hit as most people do n't think of Red Sox caps as being green with envy !
 A gave this hat as a Christmas present , and it was a huge hit . A very nice hat , worth the price . I ordered a Medium for a guy with a head on the small side . Seemed to fit ok ! Great product .
 Great fit , great color ! Arrived early and in great condition , and just in time for St. Patrick 's Day !
 Well made , fits well -LRB- I measured -RRB- , nice shade of green and a shamrock on the back . Should work well on St. Patrick 's Day and throughout the season .
 I bought this as a gift and it went over very well . Nice bold color and the small size fit perfectly for her . Good stuff .
 Can I be frank ? Surely , be frank . Please do n't call me Shirley.This hat is GREEN . I knew it was green when I bought it , I 'm not blind , I see the picture . You don ; t have to leave me comments about getting a new set of glasses or an eye exam or something . I 'm just writing to tell everyone that , other than St. Patrick 's Day , I think few are going to want to wear this hat around on a regular day and suffer the barbs of everyone they meet . `` Hey , what , do you get a free bowl of soup with that hat ? '' `` Yeah , buddy , it looks good on you , though '' . People pulling it off your head and throwing it up in the air and stuff . It hurts , especially if I 'd trying to cover up my MPB -LRB- that 's male pattern baldness -RRB- and someone yanks it off my head , it 's a pain in the ass , really . I get p.o. ` ed and hit them on the shoulder hard enough that it stings . I mean , you mess with the bull , you 're going to get the horns.Oh , by the way , did I tell you the hat is green ? Okay , I know a couple of you are out there saying , `` What about the build of the hat ? What is the hat like ? '' Here , I 'll answer that for you
 hi , i live in ny . had 2 bikes stolen in the city . i finally got an Onguard chain and lock . the ny bike thieves tried and tried to pick that lock and finally after 3 or 4 years they actually did something to keep it from opening again -LRB- i 'm guessing they broke a tumbler -RRB- . BUT THEY DID N'T GET THE LOCK OPEN !!! AND DID N'T GET THE BIKE . AND ... UNBELIEVABLY , ONGUARD REPLACED THE LOCK ... AND THE CHAIN ... AND ... PAID FOR A LOCKSMITH !!!! now i 'm happy again . i like my bike and i need it in the city . new york is tough , and this company gets my vote 5 stars !!!! and more !!
 This chain and lock combination is truly massive , earing the most secure rating from several testing agencies . It is , at the same time , one of the heaviest locking options . This chain puts a lot of steel between theives and your bike , and the wieght is the down side of this . It is deffenately not a lock to carry with you on long rides , but for the ultimate in security , it would be hard to beat this chain . The individual links are larger than the shackle on my Kryponite Evo Mini . Like Mini-U locks , chains are not venurable to attacks with car jacks , yet they offer many more options of where a bike can be locked . This chain seems to have even greater resistance to bolt cutters than nearly all U-locks -LRB- due to it 's thickness and shape -RRB- , and likely greater power-tool resistance , as it would be difficult to hold the chain still to grind or cut.In all , this is a great lock to leave locked to the bike rack , but it is much less portable than other lighter duty bike locks .
 I live in NYC and I purchase this chain and lock to secure my new motorcycle in front of my apartment building . Specifically , I use the lock and chain to secure my motorcycle to the fence outside my building . The chain and lock are HEAVY which make in great for overnight and `` long term parking '' but unless you have a cruiser with some serious saddle bag space this lock and chain are not meant to be carried around -LRB- I am a fairly atheletic guy and carrying the lock and chain in my back back is certainly `` doable '' ; but not preferred -RRB- . The lighted key is a nice touch when I step out for a night ride as it is a little easier to see the key hole on the lock . The chain is a good length as it is just long enough to comfortably secure it to a stationary object and the bike ; however , not so long as to give a theft leverage for cutting tools if you lock it up the right way .
 this is a very good lock and chain combo , it is very heavy . only thing is i wish i had gotten a longer one . other than that i highly reccomended it to anyone with a motorcycle so you can lock you bike to something to prevent it from being stolen . just get the longer one .
 The lock and chain combo are heavy . This is to be expected . Do not try to wear it like a belt or a sash over your shoulders . Your bones will be crushed in a fall . It is thick enough to discourage most bike thieves from even trying .
 Bought this to secure me iZip bike at work . This looks like a piece of chain they used to restrain King Kong in the movies ! Seriously , this is a leave-in-place lock , you 're not riding anywhere with it ! Overall design and execution is nice , and the rotating cover over the keyway is a good addition to a lock that will live outdoors . It comes with FIVE keys , which I guess is an indication that they can not be replaced . One of the keys has an LED light on it .
 this chain was thicker than i thought ! which is a good thing for me after getting my first bike stolen not too long ago . it weighs about 14 pounds so beware ! . many other reviews say it is not something to carry around but it really isnt that bad . it just hurts your shoulder after a long period of time . this thing can also be used as a weapon ! . . u can seriously bash someone 's head with this thing . i have locked up my bike with this thing and pedestrians walking by chuckled a bit because of its huge size !! i recommend this to anyone thats willing to keep their bikes from getting stolen
 I have never worked with a threadless headset before but when I tried it with a bike that I was working on it really fits . This is a great headset and I would not complain about it . It is great and I am glad that I bought it . Thank you very much .
 I ordered a couple of these . They fit great and are very comfortable . They were shipped promptly after my order .
 This is so comfortable ! It provides great support for both racquetball and pilates ! Love it . Thanks .
 I found the top -LRB- and Pants -RRB- comfortable and perfect for my Yoga work outs . The size fits well and is what I expected .
 Nice glossy calendar , with oversized shots of Derek stretched over both top and bottom of the vertical calendar . All action photos , both at bat and on the field . Very nicely done !
 this gun is awesome ! it says 320 fps but with .12 bbs it has 400 fps . it says not to use them but i did and it works fine . i highly recomend this gun . the only drawback isthats right nothing
 This gun is a beast ! The description says it has some metal parts ; it 's like all metal parts ! It also has an insane shooting range . Plus it 's realy heavy . The other day I had a 6 on 6 airsoft battle and absolutly dominated . Everyone ran away from me . Even my own teamates ! It 's even better with the two hi cap . mags it comes with . The hop-up adjuster is also awsome . Super authentic ! The only proplem is the battery . It 's kinda hard to get in . In conclusion it 's kinda expensive but it is worth every penny!P.S .
 This was a great gun for the price . I love it . It feels and is solid , and it shoots great . -LRB- It really hurts when you get hit with it , too ! -RRB-
 I didnt really know if this gun was good or not since i bought it when there were no reviews . But i was not disappointed . the fully metal gun shoots very accurately and effectively . the extra mag that came with it was a nice feature although i dont need it with the 350 bbs i put in it . Overall good quality gun !
 All I can say is
 I bought one of these for my son who went to Iraq and he liked it so I picked up one for myself . Very sharp . Good quality . My only complaint is that the tip will rattle in the sheath , so I put some cotton in the bottom and that took care of it .
 As soon as I got this knife in the mail I was in love with it . The sheath is a polymer and is adjustable for tension , which is nice because it increases your options on where to carry it . The blade out of the box was super sharp , at least sharp enough to shave a little patch of hair off the underside of my arm . It is also perfectly balanced at the hilt so it has the capacity to be a thrower with a little practice -LRB- ca n't say I 'd do a lot of it because it does n't weigh all that much and I do n't want to nick up the double edge -RRB- . I carry it around on the inside of my waistband on my left hip and no one has ever noticed until I go to use it to actually cut something . GREAT BUY !
 This knife fits nicely in my work boots , it is quiet and adjusts for tension . A nice knife that I hope I never have to use .
 If you distrust folding knives , the Guardian is a good alternative . This knife is very small and lightweight and stronger than ANY folder.The sheath is a very secure friction type made of plastic that can be clipped to a belt or suspended upside down as a neck knife -LRB- like a necklace -RRB- . It makes an ideal neck knife and can be presented quickly by reaching under your shirt.I like the blade temper a lot . The steel seems to be mildly tempered high carbon steel . It 's soft enough to sharpen with a file and it holds an edge long enough to be useful . It comes from the factory with a durable edge bevel that can be improved by resharpening at a much more severe angle . -LRB- Though you may not really need to do this , I got a nasty cut just opening the package . -RRB- This knife can take a pretty sharp edge and with a straight saber grind , it can stand up to a lot of punishment . The blade geometry is not ideal for general use , but for a double edged knife , it cuts pretty well . If you ca n't carry a larger blade , the Guardian is great .
 I would like to say that I am not a big fan of folding knives , I only one -LRB- Gerber 22-47161 Fast Draw Spring Assisted Opening Stainless Steel Serrated Knife -RRB- . The Guardian Back-Up is small and tucks away nicely in a boot . It 's light-weight and fits good in the palm , yet still has a sturdy feel to it . The sheath 's clip can be rotated , allowing to be worn as a neck knife . The sheath is also adjustable , allow you to control how tight the knife stays in . If you are wearing it as neck knife , you probably want the knife in the sheath pretty tight .
 I have owned and used Gerber Guardians for over 4 years now and I can confidently say it is one of the best combat daggers that exists.This knife satisfies my 3 main concerns when it comes to choosing what knife I 'll trust my life with .1 -RRB- Discrete , accessible and easily deployed.The knife can easily be clipped on to nearly anywhere you would want it . The clip can be adjusted to better suit a regular or reverse grip which means the knife can be placed in discrete locations with ease.Personally , I keep it so they knife is clipped to my belt , hanging with the handle pointing toward the ground , right next to my wallet . This way , if I am asked to hand over my wallet , I have direct access to my knife while my assailant thinks I am reaching for what he demanded.Being able to adjust the draw tension is also very handy . Generally your best bet is to keep it fairly tight . When drawing the knife , the sheath will not move when you pull -LRB- if attached properly -RRB- , however it is unnecessary to exert more effort than required . When wearing the knife facing downward , just make sure you at least have enough tension that it wo n't slide out on it 's own .2 -RRB- Versatile and comfortable.Because I am looking for a knife that will serve well in combat , how the knife moves and rests in the hand is very important . I LOVE that the handle of this knife is very simple . It is sticky enough that the knife wo n't slip , but smooth enough that it flows when switching between grips . At first , I thought the knife was too light , but eventually I got used to switching grips quickly despite the low weight .3 -RRB- Light-weight . This knife is VERY light . Almost * too * light . 3oz may as well be a handful of air for all I know . Hell , I 've used heavier pens before.All in all , this is the most reliable dagger I have ever held in my hands . I have collected knives for over 7 years -LRB- nearly 1/3rd of my life -RRB- and have owned hundreds over that course of time . I would not trust any other knife more . When it comes to my own protection and my own life , I am going with the most reliable and effective knife every time . I can discretely draw the knife and slash in less than a second -LRB- 0.87 if I recall correctly -RRB- . Speed and precision create the difference between life and death . Stack the odds in your favor and trust this knife.I hope I helped anyone interested in this dagger . Thanks for reading and good luck on your purchases !
 I got this for my husband this past christmas , and he carries it with him everywhere ! He absolutely loves it !
 What a great piece . My only issue is it doesnt come with a lanyard ; the ad does n't say that it does , but it does n't say that it does n't either.the knife is n't the sharpest , but the title of the knife &#34; Guardian Back Up &#34; denotes that its used for personal defense . Do I have any doubts that it would n't defend me nobly ? Not one . Great durable blade , sharp enough , excellent handle , amazing sheath . The sheath comes w / a boot clip and you can either wear the blade facing up or facing down.The sheath is adjustable so if you are wearing the knife on your belt , you can loosen the forces holding the blade in . On the opposite , if you wear the knife upside down or on your neck you can tighten the sheath to make it tougher to pull the knife out of and decrease the chances of it falling out.Love the knife .
 This is an outstanding little knife and its size and weight makes it extremely practical . It came in handy at my work where I frequently cut up boxes , cut straps , tape , etc , I also used it to just carry around on the inside of my waistband as a general utility knife or even for protection and its so light you barely know its there . It held an edge well and seemed well made and durable . I no longer have it because I gave it to my friend who is an infantry Marine and going on a deployment to Afghanistan in a pretty bad area and I am confident it will serve him well . This was an outstanding knife and I know Ill get another soon .
 great dagger with a good sheath and its a gerber they just know how to make great blades . this is a great buy
 I bought this with the complete seed camera bag , and love it . it was bigger than what I thought , but I needed the space .
 The Crumpler Complete Seed is one of the best bags I own . I 've already had it out in the rain and it holds up very well . The yellow interior is a nice touch because I can see inside the bag at night . In addition the bright colorful outside is very visible to motorists . The third leg strap is absolutely necessary when riding a bicycle and the bag is full . It is very roomy , has six pockets , three interior three exterior , one middle large compartment that can hold a large U-lock or other assortment of tools and spare parts . The interior is relatively large , though I believe a real bike messenger would want something a little larger due to the hauling of large packages would not be completely feasible with this bag . But for day to day use , the complete seed can haul a fair amount of groceries home.It does not have a laptop compartment , which is a point against it.Other than that it 's a pretty sweet bag for a decent price .
 When I ordered this ice maker , I guess that I had unrealistic expectations regarding the speed at which it would produce ice cubes . It takes about 15 minutes to produce 9 ice cubes . Obviously it takes an hour or so , to fill the small removable basket . I dump each basket that it produces into a larger storage tray located in the refrigerator freezer compartment . Once I have enough ice to meet our needs I simply turn the unit off until next time . The unit 's water reservoir is more than adequate in capacity . I am satisfied with the unit 's performance and it produces enough ice in a couple of hours to meet our daily needs . I also like the titanium finish ! Also the outside supplier was fast and good to do business with .
 Got this product because we don , t have water hooked up to the fridge . Works great . No as fast as the product said but still works great
 It arrived as promised , was packaged really well . I set it up , filled the tank , and had my first batch of ice 15 min after I started . Has performed flawlessly since I received it . I definitely will recommend this item to others . One note , when you take the drain cap off , DO NOT throw away the little silicon plug-you will need to replace it in the drain before replacing the drain cap or it will leak.PROs
 I purchased this item becuase we have our freezer out in the gargae and it was quite inconvient to go out there just to get ice for a drink . I placed this on my counter top in my limited spaced kitchen and it works wonderfully . No need for a water line and it provides ice continously .
 It makes very good Ice . It is easy to care for . Any one can use it . Very easy to install .
 We are so pleased with our ice maker . Used it for our ice for Soothies and made lots of ice for our Thanksgiving Day Celebration party . Love that you can make different sized cubes !
 My husband has wanted an ice maker , and after extensive research I bought him the EdgeStar . It is a perfect size and makes plenty of ice in a short amount of time . It fits nicely in our downstairs wetbar area .
 We have purchased two of these units in the last couple of years . The first one only lasted just under a year and we have had the second for just over a year . We use it in our motorhome . We start it when we leave and I keep emptying it into baggies and place the ice in the freezer so we do n't have to stop along the way for a huge bag of ice that takes up the whole freezer and often times we are unable to locate ice at the campsites once we have already parked.Keep in mind this is a compact ice maker and if you do n't stock up this unit can not keep up with the cocktails if you have a few guests stop by.I was disapointed that they do n't last real long and we only use it a few months a year.The design is perfect for the motorhome since we do n't use the water in the motorhome for drinking or ice I can use bottled water and we have ice that tastes good .
 Friends of ours bought the Dometic portable ice maker and have been using it for 2 years now . Their machine has kept three coolers iced down during the summer months ! We decided that we could make use of one of our own and began price comparing . This little gem is PERFECT and half the price of the Dometic ! We plugged it up as soon as we got it and ran it for three nights in a row . We were shocked at how quickly the ice started coming ... this is a must have for LOTS of reasons ! Ca n't wait for camping season to start ! ; -RRB-
 I love this Portable counter top ice maker . Do n't know how I got along without it.Now I always have ice handy . Only takes a few minutes tohave ice cubes ready for drinks or where ever needed.I do most of my shopping for small appliances at Amazon , and they ship it right away . Always surprised at the speedof delivery . I would certainly recommend this ice maker toanyone needing extra ice , or like myself , the only ice I have ismade by my portable ice maker . Love it .
 If you 're shopping for an ice maker on Amazon , you 've noticed that this unit is sold in a variety of colors , brands and prices . It 's the same unit . I bought the EdgeStar version 18 months ago for $ 139 . I see that it 's now $ 114 . Others sell it for $ 200 or more . I set it up and turned it on and it ran 24/7 until the tray that holds the water for freezing cracked . I checked EdgeStar 's web site and found a replacement tray for $ 38 and free shipping . got it via FedEx in 2 days . The repair took 20 minutes and now it 's cranking out ice again . It meets my needs and I 'm very pleased with it .
 The ice cube maker delivers ice cubes for the creation of ice packs in school nursing stations in a matter of minutes . No more expensive chemical packs . Compact appliance that all school nurses will appreciate .
 l love the ice maker . l make ice every other day and have ice for all my drinks . Its great !
 Love this thing , plug it in and in 10 minutes ice is dropping out . . you can also set 3 different sizes for the ice . Product worked as described and I am very happy with it !! Buy one and you will love it !
 we bought this as a gift for bar areait is the perfect size and works wellwe are very pleased
 Super convenient like the option of changing cube size . Operates extremely well as described and looks sleek and modern on counter
 I was leary of the `` ice in 6 minutes '' , but we tried it and it did n't let us down ! Now we have plenty of ice for parties and hot summer days ! Great product and very useful/portable , even on camping trips in the RV .
 Love this ice maker . ! . ! . ! The ice maker went out in my freezer and did n't want to pay to have it fixed -LRB- refridgerator to old -RRB- so I bought the Edge Star countertop ice maker and it keeps us in ice . I use it about every 3 days or so . It has 3 size choices , I use the small because it makes ice faster . If your going to buy one get the Edge Star , you wo n't be sorry . I found the price ranges from $ 280 down to $ 112 . Shop around and find the best price , the shipping charges are a little high but no matter what the price was the shipping was the same .
 We have been very please with our ice maker ! It took several -LRB- more an the recommended one cycle -RRB- cycles of making if before t stopped having a machine taste but now it 's good ! Satisfied , would buy again
 i choose this rating because it is so easy to use and i would recommend this unit to anyone who does not like using ice trays or for people living in dorm rooms or appartments .
 We bought this for my parents second home , which has terrible tasting water and ice ... great alternative to buying ice weekly !
 This little jewel has been a blessing to a small family that enjoys ice cubes in all of our drinks , especially water . The unforseen disadvantage is that you must manually fill the unit with water every couple of days . The advantage , however , is that if you use filtered or bottle water the ice cubes are tasteless . In fact , as the ice cubes melt in water , they remain pure and tasteless because they do not share the air of refrigerator the way an automatic ice maker that is built in does . So the ice melts , but you can just add more cubes without tasting all the flavors within your refrigerator.Sits on the counter top and purrs away making plenty of ice for a family of four.Terrific product .
 I 've never written a review before after being a satisfied Amazon customer since it 's inception . But the one negative review is way of mark and I had to respond in defense of this product . I have never had a single mechanical problem in three years of constant use . Because I am limited with my walking , I always have the machine close at hand by my side . The ice does gradually melt over time in the basket , but the water is recycled into more ice as the compressor switches on and off as needed . Most people may use this only occasionally on a boat or a wet bar , but I use it for soft drinks when in the entertainment room in my basement . Because I am disabled , I do not have to climb the stairs every time I 'd like a cold drink . I have a small fridge in the immediate area as well , but ice trays are for the birds . The unit converts water to ice within about 15 minutes , enough for a 64 oz . bottle of soda . For the money I highly recommend it .
 Makes ice very quickly and will produce enough ice for a small gathering . Rather noisy -LRB- louder than your fridge but quieter than your dishwasher -RRB- so you do n't want to place it in an area that you expect to be quiet . Need to drain completely after each use or every few days if using continuously which is somewhat of a pain . Not a replacement for a full time ice machine such as your fridge but a great supplement for parties . Very portable , we move it from our rec room to our patio depending on where we need it . Overall very happy with the purchase .
 I purchased this item for my husband because when we have parties we have to purchase bags of iceand then somehow still need more for drinks . This ice maker does make the ice quick enough to keepit going for parties . If you need to fill an ice chest you need to plan ahead to make enough . Sofar we are happy with the product .
 I started this and I have not stopped using since it arrived . I am an ice chewing nut ! I quit smoking over 4 years ago and I have chewed ice since then . I use at least 4 to 5 fill-ups a day . The ice maker in the fridge could not keep up with me so my husband bought me this ice maker . It is so wonderful . It also tastes so much better than a refridg one uses . It will keep up with your demand and it does taste better.Buy it , you will love it !
 This little gem is an absolute wonder . Take it on a trip or set it on the counter top at home . It makes cubes within a few minutes and keeps on churning as long as you want . We never run out of ice and we do n't have to play around with ice trays in the freezer anymore . Truly a marvel in home appliances . Best thing since the microwave
 great , great , great , great , great , wonderful , beautiful great , great , great , great , great , wonderful , beautiful great , great , great , great , great , wonderful , beautiful great yea , .
 I bought this case on Amazon for a good price . I bought it because it was a hard case and did n't want a soft case for air travel as I 'm afraid my clubs will get damaged . It is big but thats good if you have a big bag and a big long driver . The weight was no issue as it was under 50 lbs during baggage check in . I like how you can wheel the bag instead of carrying it . I have no issues with the locking mechanism and I like how it breaks down into 3 pieces . I use this case to store my clubs during the off season . I 'm glad I bought this and would recommend it to people who want a durable case for an affordable price .
 The item arrived on time and the quality was great . My dad loved this . He actually painted/stained this to match others in his collection and the room too .
 These cuffs are very well made of black ballistic type nylon . The velcro straps hold quite well and cinch down as tightly as you want . The padding on the inner face prevents chafing . Metal D ring is strong . Great for exercise equipment ... or other imaginative uses .
 I bought this for my dad last minute for our Father 's Day golf outing and it did the trick . I do n't like the thin material it 's made of but it 's still sturdy enough for the occasional golfer .
 Was just what I was looking for to give as a gift . Was not disappointed at all . Quality and price were to my liking . I would purchase this again .
 A decade or so after getting a PS2 - I finally got a wireless controller and it does n't suck!Woo !
 Sweatshirt is as advertised . It is a generous cut , medium weight and has worn well . If there is one with your team on it , give it a ride & show your pride !
 As an experienced cyclist who relocated to Manhattan in the summer of ` 04 , I wanted to purchase the most theft resistant chain available . My ambition was to use my Trek 3900 for both exercise and transportation , while not having to constantly worry about it having it stolen . Having experienced several bicycle and bicycle part thefts in Boston and Chicago , I decided to thoroughly research bicycle chains and locks . Stories about the vulnerability of U-locks and the clearly stated Kryptonite null-and-void-in-New-York warranty steered me towards a hex chain made by OnGuard.As a previous owner of Kryptonite and Master U-locks , I initially wanted to stick with a tested brand . However , lessening the appeal of Kryptonite locks was a widely publicized story in 2004 explaining how a design flaw in certain models allowed them to be compromised with a Bic pen -LRB- ! -RRB- , causing a recall . In Chicago , I had a frame destroyed when one thief attempted to break a Master U-lock with a long pipe . While this failed attempt slightly bent the U-lock , it collapsed the main tube of the bicycle . Hence , I thought using a chain manufactured slightly lesser-known brand without publicized vulnerabilities would be a good idea -- much like purchasing a Mac would protect against Windows viruses.After one year of use , I have been very happy with the 12mm Beast Chain . At 9.5 pounds , this chain is at the upper limit of what one can affix to the bicycle and still be able to ride it . In my case , I am able to rap it around the seat post and have enough clearance for my legs . For a typical bicycle , the chain adds about 40 % to the overall weight . When I purchased this lock , I was unaware that a 14mm , 15 pound version existed . Even so , I would not have purchased this model , which is more appropriate for a motorcycle or piece of construction equipment.The design of the Beast chain is exemplary . In addition to having very long , thin keys and complementary keyhole , there is a sliding keyhole cover , making the mechanism very corrosion and pick resistant . The thick polyethylene coating may serve a similar purpose while preventing freezing , which has been used by savvy thieves to make the lock more brittle . For the record , I used commonly available electronics freezing spray to embrittle an earlier-generation Kryptonite lock when I lost the key . With five hits with an over-sized hammer , the protruding barrel lock and supporting metal cracked right off . Pretty scary.While no chain can eliminate the possibility of bicycle theft , I still have my Trek . It is impossible to tell what tactics thieves will employ next . It seems unlikely that a conventional pair of bolt cutters could cut this chain . When I emailed OnGuard customer service , they had no straight answer on its cut resistance . My impression is that only an oxyacetylene torch or hydraulic cutter could break the links . Both techniques would attract a great deal of attention . Hence , secured with the Beast chain , your bicycle will be about as safe as one can get in a public area .
 So , I 'm onto my third bike . Not that I wanted to be on my third bike , it just turns out that normal chain & cable locks just do not stop people from stealing bikes ! Of course , it says volumes about a person that would steal a piece-o-crap bike , but I digress.So , this time I got a real bike -LRB- Hey , I commute to work on a bike , and I thought , `` What the heck ? '' -RRB- , and I really want to keep this one . So , it stays in the house or in my office . `` But '' , you say , `` what does this have to do with the OnGuard Beast 5017 Bicycle Chain Lock ? '' Well , like I 've already said , I want to keep this bike . So , I got one based on the reviews of this lock . ` Know what ? It 's great ! Most people look at it , and think it would suffice for a Motor Cycle . If that 's what they think ; all the better . This thing looks intimidating . And talk about a conversation starter.There are some caveats to this thing though . It 's heavy - almost 10 lbs . - so this is not for the bike racer . Carrying it does cause some challenges , like where do I put this thing ? I now hook it around my -LRB- rear -RRB- bike rack . It could be 1 or 2 links longer , but I can still lock it to almost anything . And it requires at least two hands to lock!But , if want peace of mind , this is your lock .
 This seems , to me , a very high-security lock . I bought it to protect my new bike , after my previous bike was stolen by thieves who cut through an OnGuard Rottweiler armored cable lock.I do n't think the OnGuard Beast could be cut with hand tools . The shackle of the lock is such a tight fit with the chain that it leaves no room for pry bars to pull it apart.However , this is the heaviest bike lock I 've ever seen . A typical U-lock weighs less than three pounds . -LRB- Kryptonite 's New York U-lock is just under four . -RRB- The Beast 5017 weighs almost ten , more than even the Kryptonite New York Fahgettaboudit chain , which it resembles.You 'll have to have some way of carrying it . I do n't think you can simply wrap such a bulky , heavy chain around your seat post , though I ride a recumbent and ca n't say for sure . If you expect to put it in a messenger bag or backpack , put ten pounds of rocks in your bag and ride around a bit before purchasing this lock . I suspect the only good way to carry it is to strap it down to a rack.Also , the Beast 's two-piece padlock is inconvenient . When you unlock it , the shackle pulls all the way out and separates . Usually it falls onto the ground . When locking it , you have to assemble the chain , shackle , and lock and hold them together -LRB- all the while keeping the bike in place -RRB- while you turn the key . OnGuard could have made this more convenient by having the padlock automatically lock when you pushed the shackle in.OnGuard supposedly offers an anti-theft warranty with the lock , though the warranty that came with mine said that is `` void out of state of New York '' . Like most lock warranties , you ca n't make a claim without evidence -LRB- the damaged lock -RRB- that someone cut through it with hand tools.Pros : Extremely secureMore flexible than U-lockCons : Very heavyDifficult to carry on bikeA bit clumsy to useRecommendation : I would recommend a good U-lock to riders with bikes that can use one . Get the OnGuard Beast only if you need super-high security or have a bike that wo n't work with a standard u-lock .
 First off this is one mean lock.If anyone can get through this lock with anything less than a plasma cutter which I dought many bike thevies carry around with them you probably wont have to worry about your bike being stolen.My only 2 concerns are the 5017 model is a little short on lenght.The second is its really heavy , were talking about 10 pounds for a lock and chain.They come in longer lenghts but the longer they get they increase by about 5 pounds.As far as Im concerned I have a $ 450 mountain bike and Ill take security over weight.Really this chain and lock will probably be 10x stronger than anything you attach it to.I would recommend putting the chain through your back tire and frame before locking your bike to a bike rack if possible , if they saw through the bike rack instead which happend to a friend of mine there gon na have a hell of a time running with your bike instead of riding off with it .
 I deliberated for SO long before buying a chain . The reviews on this on swayed me - even though it 's not a recent version it kicks butt . Yes it 's heavy but I think everyone needs to get over this detail . If you are in an urban environment you need a heavy chain lock or you can kiss your bike goodbye . Besides - you get used to it and gain some definition in your arms while you 're at it ! Bonus!It locks really easily , and I happen to prefer this interlocking system better than setting the links side by side . That 's just too much battering space between the links and the lock.After inserting the links , the padlock closes down flush into the lock body making it really next to impossible to remove it . It would take so long to dismantle this thing that a would-be thief would make too much of a spectacle to be successful - and this is key - this is the deterrent.As a London/NYC biker said to another of the same
 I read the reviews before buying and said what the heck , I finally have a nice bike , do n't want it stolen.This chain could kill someone - it 's almost a weapon.The lock is huge !! The picture does n't tell you anything . I will upload pics shortly.I agree with another user which is why I give it 4 stars , the two piece lock makes it difficult to lock sometimes and just two more links would 've really helped !! Overall I feel confident my bike is safe and the next guy will be in trouble . After watching youtube videos of pro thiefs showing how they defeat locks and chains , I realized nothing is really safe these days , so it 's about getting them to move on to the easier ones . This one will do it.It is very heavy and not easily wrapped around your seat post or anything else . Almost need to wear it like a bandolier . I still recommend it though
 The chain is robust and you lock it by inserting one end link through the other end link and the shackle through leaving exactly 36 '' in inside circumference . Two links will not fit in the shackle . This info is not on the page .
 This is a very effective lock
 this is a whom-ping heavy chain , I use it to secure my bike in my garage at night . Wo n't stop a truly determined thief , but it is extremely solid . The lock on the other hand does n't give off the same secure vibe .
 This is great lock . Bit heavy , but I do n't mind if it enhances the safety . Really love it and definitely recommend it .
 I can see how useful if you need to secure a motorcycle . Or for those cities with a lot of bicycle theft and if you are willing to ride with 10 extra bulky pounds.I loved the chain , however . I had fun putting it around my 100 lb girlfriend 's neck and taking pictures , but I had to return it . A mistake on my part for thinking it was n't going to be THAT big .
 All I can say is that I have peace of mind now that I have bought this lock . Just looking at it is a deterrent , and I ca n't imagine anybody trying to cut through this lock , being titanium fortified and having hexagonal 12mm links . I lock my bike in the apartment building parking lot because the apartment is too crowded and I do n't worry about it anymore since someone tried to steal it . They could n't cut through the ulock I was using . Now , I use a ulock through the frame to the Beast 5017 which is looped around a large fence pole . And I got cable going through the wheels to the ulock . The only thing vulnerable to cutters are the cables . The Beast lock looks and feels unbeatable and the price was reasonable - $ 66.00 . OnGuard Beast 5017 Bicycle Chain Lock
 Its a great investment ! Help deter thieves from stealing the whole bike . But you will never know at least you have some kind of security for your expensive toy !
 THis really is a beast.Lock is very smooth , and you get plenty of keys to go with it . A super chain and lock , but you do n't want to carry this around on the bike , I use this for home lock up and when out on the town I use a Arbus U lock with a 12mm cable .
 This thing is HUGE ! I had no idea the links were so massive . Do n't get fooled like I did in thinking they are standard chain links . I read all the reviews and was still shocked by the sheer mass of this thing.Locking mechanism works well . It 's pretty short . You are n't going to lock it around a thick pole and still get through your downtube and front tire.Very happy with it . Took my bike to the store today and was completely relaxed shopping . No way will it get taken.I took a point off because the lighted key did n't work . I took the cover off and there are two batteries and a very flimsy couple of wires for contact points . It 's not worth buying two new batteries for me or writing the company for another key . I noticed another reviewer said the same thing about the lighted key . It must be hard to keep them on the shelf for a long time and have them still work . Oh well.Definitely recommend this product but be CERTAIN you know how big this is !
 This is a very heavy chain and lock combination . I do not think the casual bike thief with bolt cutters will succeed in breaking this unit . On the other hand , I would not like to ride a century with this thing draped around my neck . If you are not compromising on security , I have not found a better product . If your other riding considerations lighten the attention you want to give to security , then this is probably not what you want to use .
 I like this lock ! I am definitely not worried about my bike with this lock . It is quite heavy . I knew it weighed approximately 10lbs but I did not realize how heavy it was until I picked it up . All in all I highly recommend this bike lock , I use it along with my kryptonite ulock and cable .
 This lock/chain combo weighs a ton -- about 1/2 as much as my bike , maybe more -- and seems very solid . It comes with 5 keys , one of which has a built-in light . I leave this on the bike rack at work mostly , rather than carrying it back and forth . I do n't live in a high-crime area , but this gives me peace of mind while I 'm inside at work all day , without lugging a big lock around . I am glad that it has a nylon chain cover , because the massive links would destroy a bike 's paint job in no time , otherwise . All in all , a very well made bike lock system .
 How much can one say about a bike chain ? It looks sturdily built and , as others have mentioned , with little space between the links to get something like a bolt cutter in . Ultimately , the test is whether or not the bike gets stolen . So far , so good .
 I only have a few words for this bobber . You will never use another type of bobber again . Trust me !
 The chair is durable and exactly what we were looking for . We received the chair in a timely manner and would definitely order from this company again .
 For the money these are some of the best road tires you can buy . I typically ride on Continental GP Attack & GP Force tires as they are the fastest tire on the market but still provide a very soft ride . These tires are every bit as soft at the same high pressure but are a tad bit slower , understandable for the money difference . Even though they have a higher rolling resistance they are still very fast and most people would n't even notice the difference . I 've rode on many different brands of tires including high end Italian tires and these two Conti 's or the Michelin Pro3 Race kick but on all of the others for road type riding . I like these more than the GP 4000 's which my local bike store live by but I find these every bit as good even though they have a lesser TPI . I have several hundred miles and have n't suffered a punctured tire yet and I 've road through some real junk too .
 good tires i do n't worry about glass in the road within reason.and keep on going .
 Smooth , fast , and sticky . What more do you need fin a racing tire ? Expensive though , so I use cheaper tires for training .
 I am a long-term road cyclist . I have ridden just about all the different manufacturers and styles and I always come back to continental tires . With the miles that I ride I have to ride on a somewhat inexpensive tire due to punchers cuts and flats . This tire performs well and wears well and is very true . Highly recommend this tire if you ride a lot from what I described above .
 so far I have 200 miles on without a problem . roll fasr and good price . Looks like they may wear fairly fast .
 I received this as a gift over a year ago and it has proved to be very reliable and really convenient . I use it to transfer client files or move files between computers . Because it hooks to my key ring I always have it close at hand . It needs a driver to work on a Windows 98 computer but Windows XP recognizes it right away . What a great idea .
 I have carried Victorinox knives for years -LRB- six years in the Marine Corps and the Swiss Classic is the most knife I ever needed -RRB- and liked the idea of being able to combine my pen knife with my flash drive . Sized the same as the Swiss Classic -LRB- about 1 '' blade -RRB- but thicker , the Alox version does not have a toothpick , tweezers , or any of the other functions Victorinox typically puts into the sides of the handle but that is a small loss . I found the removable flash drive to be reliable and I have not had a problem using it on various computers . Because the flash drive is removable , you can take it off the knife to install on a computer or keep with you on the plane . When folded into the knife , there is a cover that keeps dirt and lint out of the USB connection . I am satisfied and am thinking about getting the 2gb model .
 I gave this as a gift to my brother who is in college-by far the hardest person on my list to shop for ! He thought it was really cool and very useful . He says its holding up great . I mean it IS swiss ...
 I 've used this cover on several trips involving air travel , and while the handle shows some wear from handling -LRB- as does all of my luggage handled by the airlines -RRB- , it 's still in great shape . It 's true that the handle is riveted into the hard cover -LRB- you know , the part that keeps your clubs from getting broken ? -RRB- and may eventually come loose . At $ 100 it 's one of the less expensive bags providing hard cover protection for almost any size bag .
 This is a very good bag , especially for the money . I was hesitant to buy at first , based on some claims regarding a defective top strap , but I have no complaints . It has performed flawlessly so far , although I have only used it on 2 travel occasions so far . I particularly like the light weight and flexibility of the lower section , combined with the protection from the hard shell top . Also , the locking straps on the outside are advertised as being new/improved , and they have held up well so far . The bag is also more than sufficient to handle a 10 inch cart bag -LRB- I am a holdout against watered-down stand bags -RRB- , so I did n't have to compromise on my gear for traveling . I would certainly buy again .
 I purchased two for my son and my husband . They recently used them for the first time on our trip to the Dominican Republic for my son 's wedding . The bag performed with no issues at all . There was plenty of extra storage room so we could add shoes etc that did n't fit in our suitcases . We were on different flights and different airlines and neither bag was damaged . It was so easy to get through the airports with the wheels . We recommend it .
 I have used this cover for about 3 years , traveling with it about 3 - 4 times per year . I have been fortunate , and the pull handle did eventually tear . Its not easy to fix , but I did open the lining inside and put some bolts through the strap . Its about to tear again , so considering whether to have it professionally repaired by a luggage repair company or buy another . I do really like the extra hard case protection , with the ability to fold the soft part of the bag up into the hard head for compressed storage . I would buy another .
 This was a gift for my husband , it came very quickly and he loved it ! I might get one for myself too ! : -RRB-
 When I travel in economy class it is allowed to check only one baggage piece , son this bag is very convenient , because it is big to fit my golf bag and golf stuff , and the weight will be under 23 Kgs.Resistant and lightweight
 I 've had this bag about a month now , and I really like it . Very well built -LRB- typical Topeak -RRB- , and very usable . The 2 side pockets , and the built-in adjustable elastic tie-down on the top , coupled with the expansion capability , make this just an ideal bag for my purposes . Lots of trips to the store , out and back trips for 10 miles total ... . carries the rain jacket , gloves , cable lock , tire pump and patches , multi-tool , and misc . purchases from the store . I use this bag every day . Highly recommended .
 I bought the Topeak MTX Trunk Bag for my commute to work every day . It has plenty of room for my clothing and lunch for the day -LRB- I leave my work shoes at work and commute in tennis shoes -RRB- . The best part is how easy it attaches -LRB- slides and snaps in -RRB- to the topeak bike rack . This is an awsome piece of gear .
 Good product . Well made . Size perfect for holding what you need . Zipper for compartment a little difficult to get to but one can but a colored ribbon or something on it to help indentify the correct zipper .
 This is a great bag - but I wish I had spent a couple extra bucks to get the one with the built in side panniers . I do a lot of casual , long distance biking . The panniers would be helpful to carry jackets , extra clothes , etc. .
 The Topeak MTX Trunk Bag DX , when combined with a compatible Topeak Rack , is a very useful storage device for bike commuters , or anyone looking for a system which gives a moderate storage capacity at a fairly affordable price.The storage capacity is about the upper limit that can be expected from a trunk bag , and the ` quick release ' system works well with a compatable Topeak rack . The main compartment is large enough to carry -LRB- separately -RRB- a gallon of milk , a six pack of beverages , several 12 '' ` subway ' sandwiches , and other items which might seem traditionally ` too big ' for this type of bag . There are separate storage compartments on the sides and top of the bag for additional items , and inside you will find a flap that is perfect for paper documents , keys , a USB memory device , and other miscellaneous small items . On the back of the bag you will find reflective tape and a strap which you can use to clip on a tail light ` blinkie ' . I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 simply because of the fact that it is not treated to be water resistant . During inclement weather , this may result in your wallet or other contents of the bag becoming wet . You can treat it with a spray to make it more water resistant of course , or simply buy a cover , but that would be an extra expense on your part that I feel should be included.Overall I would recommend this bag as a trunk storage solution for your bike . If you happen to need more storage then this bag offers , then you would probably have to go with a pannier system as this is about the largest that is feasible in a trunk bag . Almost perfect , but the lack of water resistance knocks the review down to 4 stars .
 The MTX Trunk Bag DX has a lot going for it , and is exactly like the picture shows.It holds 800 cubic inches of cargo with an insulated zippered expanding large main compartment that I have not yet needed to expand . It holds my spare tube , Mini-Morph pump , gloves , glasses , Blinky Super Flash , Romisen RC-N3 CREE Q5 LED Flashlight I use as a headlight , snack bars , jerky and there is still room for much , much more . It has a roomy top zippered compartment . It has 2 side pockets big enough to hold a Kryptonite 1/2 '' x 6 ' cable lock , tools , tissue , Handy-Wipes , bug spray and first aid kit.The MTX QuickTrack mount system for quick and easy attaching and removing is awesome . It has a rear handle , top handle and shoulder strap . It 's light weight , well constructed and you ca n't beat the price . The Topeak MTX Trunk Bag DX exemplifies value.If I could improve one thing , it be to make it naturally waterproof . But then the cost would be much higher , and Topeak does offer a Rain Cover .
 I bought the MTX Trunk Bag DX and the Topeak Explorer as a pkg deal from Amazon to schlep my lunch , clothes , shoes , badges , cell phones , emergency kit , and oh yes , paperwork to & from home . The trunk is big enough for everything listed . The few nit-picky things
 Nice bag well made and lots of pockets . The expanding top creates a lot more room . This bag does not come with panniers sides or the bottle holder as shown . The Model shown is the DXP
 This thing holds a lot of stuff and keeps lunch cold . I have the rack that clamps onto the seat post , so I do not want to load it up much , but it is a great picnic basket for a gentle trail ride . It is also great for commuting to work . For serious mountain biking you want the rack that attaches to the stays near the hub . I have carried more weight than planned , and it works OK as long as I ride gently . I decided to get the bag without the panniers because of my clamp-on rack . Now that I have used it , I know this was the right decision.I really like the way the bag attaches with the MTX system . I got the basket also . It got mixed reviews since it is a light duty basket , but it works well for me since I recognize its limitations . Wear your riding gloves while you carry it in the store . If you load it up , forget about your cadence , just ride gently , and it will work well .
 If you are looking for the perfect way to ride your bicycle and carry a few thing with you GET THIS 1I LOVE IT
 I have had this bag for nearly a year and it is great . The ability to expand for contract the bag and the extra pockets is a fantastic .
 We purchased this Topeak equipment because of the great slide and lock mechanism and the way the bag can be expanded . Not having to deal with bungie cords on a regular basis simplifies things so much . We appreciate the reflective tape accents too . Seems to be top quality gear .
 The Amazon photo is of the MTX DXP , with built-in mini panniers . The DX does not have these panniers - the side pockets are indeed side pockets.Most of these reviews - and the photo - apply to the the Topeak MTX Trunk Bag DX from 2007 and earlier . The 2008 model is much different , and apparently much smaller -LRB- longer , wider , but lower -RRB- . Old
 The quality and price on this bag are unbeatable . It attaches to the bike easily and fits securely . But be careful of one thing when ordering
 The MTX trunk bag I purchased is perfect for me . It holds alot of cargo -LRB- I travel heavy -RRB- and you do n't have to have the hassle of the side bags . The top opens for even more room and I could n't be happier with how fast I received it after placing my order . . I highly recommend the bag and the seller .
 The main compartment is large enough to hold a gallon of milk and 6 cans of soda , and you can just barely cram 3 cans of soda in each of the side compartments . There is also a compartment that runs the length of the top of the bag that can safely store delicate items . The bag is very sturdy will likely outlast my bike . Amazon 's current price makes this a great bargain .
 I use this bag on my hybrid/road bike as a touring bag for 30 - 100 mile rides and it is fantastic . It 's just the right size and holds A LOT . It is VERY Durable and with the Topeak MTX Rack , it slides on and clicks into place . I have even used it to carry my 8 lb . dog and it worked better than the $ 50 dog basket I bought !
 After pondering the size ranges in the Topeak MTX lineup , I decided I did n't want to pack too much stuff , but did n't want to get caught without enough space . The EXP and DXP seemed too large , and the EX seemed too small , so I got the `` middle '' bag without panniers , the DX . The expanding top helps me hold stuff that does n't compress and gives me enough space to go shopping for a few things after work . I carry my slightly beefy cable lock , folding rain jacket , water shoes and work clothes in the main pocket , my wallet and phone in one side pocket , plastic bags -LRB- since I did n't get the rain cover -RRB- in the other side pocket , and pump and patch kit in the lid pocket . I recently bought two containers of pre-made frosting , two boxes of cake mix and put them in this bag including my DSLR which went along for the ride . The space is great without getting too bulky . I 'm the type of person who will bring as much stuff as I can carry , so this keeps me from bringing the kitchen sink . I commute daily now and needed enough space to carry things in a bag that easily mounted to the bike rack.The Amazon image is wrong , visit the topeak website for the proper pictures and information.As for materials and build quality , I believe that Topeak had to go with lighter weight materials so this does n't end up being a 8lb bag made of bulletproof , water resistant , military grade ballistic nylon . Since this is a bike bag , and you notice any weight change on your bike immediately , I think this is a fair trade off . I have sprayed my bag with waterproofing spray since I live in a high rain area . I keep my plastic trash bags on hand in case it really , REALLY starts to rain , after buying the rain cover , I could have just as well bought waterproof panniers . The convenience of the design more than outweighs dealing with some rain IMHO . The zippers do appear to be a little thin , and when mine arrived , one of the zippers was `` off track '' . After completely opening and closing the zipper , it self healed and has not come undone since . The straps appear strong enough to hold a reasonable amount of weight . Since the shoulder strap is attached to the top of the bag , the zipper holds up all the weight of the bag . If you use the expansion zipper , then that material -LRB- which seems thinner than the rest -RRB- is holding up the weight of the bag . Just something to keep in mind , I would n't put anything heavy in there and expect the materials to last a long time.I have removed one star for the lack of rain cover being included and perceived poor build quality compared to other bags I have owned , but am highly pleased with the bag due to the convenience factor of sliding it off and on the Topeak bike rack . I have the Tourist for disc brakes and it stays on perfectly . I snug the shoulder strap under the bungee on the lid and when I get to my destination I just lock the bike up and slide the bag off and I am ready to go . Previously , I would wear a backpack . With the lock in the back pack , I would have to take it off , -LRB- possibly put it on the wet ground or put it on backwards so it is in the way and creating a hassle -RRB- , lock up the bike and go through the same process afterwards . I do n't like my locks attached to my frame because I lost one U-lock due to a poor mounting system , and the cheap wal-mart coil locks do n't make me feel secure enough to leave my bike anywhere , so I have a decent rubber coated chain lock and carry it in this bag . I would also use a bungee net to secure bags to the bike rack . However , this proved even worse because unhooking the bungee net and balancing the bag to remove the lock and then keep the bag from falling while I locked the bike turned out to be the biggest hassle of all.Most of that is personal preference but these reviews are to gather personal preferences , not to expect to find the one product on the market that reigns supreme over all else , right ? If there was one perfect product on the market , there would n't be any other competitors because who would buy something they knew was n't `` perfect '' for them ? Anyway , I am the type of guy who has a bag for everything , fishing , hiking , camping , DSLR , point and shoot , etc. . This bag fits the bill for what I want in a bike bag , only wish it came with a rain cover included for the price .
 I purchased this bag after seeing it in the bicycle dealer 's showroom . The quality of the bag is impeccable , and the ease of use is even better . I highly recommend this product . I also used it with the E-type MTX rack , but it will work on any other MTX rack or tube type rack .
 I use this bag everyday . Installs in seconds on a Topeak explorer bike rack . I can fit several day worth of clothing , bike lock , rain cover , tools . I like the entire top of the bag has an extra compartment for your wallet , cellphone , car keys , etc ! I 'm even able to install a back light on this bag . I Could n't imagine not having this on my daily commute .
 This thing is huge . I use it for commuting : holds my lunch and a change of clothes . If youlike to go for `` all-day '' rides , this has plentyof storage for one person .
 Great comb , gets through all the snarls ! Ca n't beat the price . Well constructed , should last for ever , just as good as the expensive ones !
 I rode for 225 miles on the KATY Trail in Missouri for three days and was able to carry all that I needed -LRB- stayed in hotels -RRB- . It rode very well ; I hardly even knew it was there . Be sure to buy the Topeck rack to go with it and also buy the Topeak MTX Dual Side Pannier Frame .
 This is a great mid-size bag . Trunk is big enough for gear on a day trip and the zip out panniers are big enough to let me commute to school . I do n't think I would take it on more than a 3 day trip without front panniers but it was n't designed as a touring set up . For a commuter this is a great investment . Keep an eye on the weather report or buy the rain cover because it is only water resistant , not proof . For touring 3 stars , for commuting 5 .
 If you are new to the bike world and have no delusions about riding the Tour de France , this review may be of use to you . I am a novice . I want to ride to work and home and get a little exercise . I will keep a change of clothes at work . I can fit my lunch , litre plus of water , a towel , repair kit , and odds and ends in the main . If I need more room , I can stuff the panniers . If you are envisioning long tours with overnight camping , you probably want something more substantial . This is ideal . Topeak seems to make highTopeak MTX Trunk Bag EX with Side Panniersquality stuff . My first inclination was to get the cheapest rack and bungee a lunch box to it . All and all , I am glad that I bought the Topeak rack and bag system . If you do n't want the cool system , you may go for the cheap . But I am really impressed by the quality . Incidently , I am too cheap to buy the special Topeak light to affix to the rack . I cut a 23/4 '' piece of dowel , stuck it in between the vertical , rear handle -LRB- visible in pic -RRB- , and rapped my seat post rear light around it . If you do n't have a dowel laying around , a little piece of PVC or the like would work just fine . The reflector that came with the bike fit in the little attachment on the rack itself .
 This is a great trunk bag . Great for carrying extra cloths on a cool day , or rain gear on a rainy day . Everything stays dry when used with the available rain cover . Some people seem to have expectations that are too high for this bag . Use a little commonsense when purchasing a trunk bag . Get an all out set of panniers if you 're touring . If you want storage for a few necessities , this is your bag .
 I 've used this , with the Topeak rack , since ordering it from Amazon in 2006 . It is excellent for carrying my thermos and plenty of commute accessories . High wear points are along the bottom edges , where material is fatuiging . I 'll probably get about 4 years worth of wear out of it , before needing to replace it due to wear and tear . The back loop is useful , but imperfect for holding a flasher , since it does n't hold the flasher securely enough to avoid the flasher pointing down a bit too much . Side pocket hold useful amount of gear even when the panniers are folded in . Panniers are roomy and usefull when needed . Reflector striping is an added plus . The mount rail and carrying handle are very nice , to allow carrying valuable accessories into office or stores when my cycle is locked up outdoors . Removable design is also nice to take the bag into the bus with me , when it 's rainy outside and my cycle is on the bus ' bike rack .
 I purchased one of these to carry my clothes and lunch every day to work on my commute . It 's just large enough to accomodate a full change of clothes and my lunch and water . The main compartment is insulated which works well because I usually bring a 40oz Kleen Kanteen full of ice water so lunch stays nice and cool until it 's time to eat.The bag has worked out well , when I get to work , just slide it from the rack , sling it over my shoulder from the shoulder strap , and off I go.The bag had developed a hole in one of the pannier bags but Topeak very quickly replaced the item under warranty .
 I ride a hybrid EBike and have battery bags sitting low on the side of the Topeak explorer rack and needed a MTX rack bag with a lot of cargo capability but not too large . This bag fits the bill ! The panniers fold out and sit on top of the battery bags and hold a lot of stuff -LRB- lunch box , note book , laptop , etc. -RRB- with room to spare . The main compartment I use for tools , water , front and rear lights . This is the perfect bag for electic bikes.Topeak MTX Trunk Bag EX with Side Panniers
 Bag is sturdy and very well made . Hooks onto the topeak carrier with ease - quick on and quick off . Side panniers hold quite a bit - like to bike to the grocery and this bag fits the bill . I do try and distribute the load between both panniers and have never had a balance issue . When panniers are not needed , they easily fold up and you just zipper them closed . For camping trips , I think I would need a larger bag - however , this would force one to be a little more deliberate in their packing !! Overall , a very good bag and a purchase I have never regretted . P.S. Have seen this bag at the retail price at local bike shops so Amazon.com was the way to go !!
 This bag is plenty big enough for credit card touring of several days duration . I can fit a Performance rain jacket , pants , and booties plus my fall weight wind breaker and pants , with leg , arm warmers , vest , and gloves . Still with room to spare in each pannier plus the top rack bag . I also purchased the Expedition rack and it fits this bag and my smaller RX bag as well.I have also done a minimalist three day camping trip with this bag . It accommodated everything , including my mummy bag , but my tent and ground cloth had to be carried in a back pack . So , you can easily do credit card tourig or indoor camping using this pack and the expedition rack.This bag is NOT waterproof . Both panniers and the top compartment will get wet in a heavy downpour -LRB- my cell phone now only works on speaker phone -RRB- . Buy the raincover or be prepared for damp to wet items . In the future , I will carry the rain cover and sandwich bags just so I do not have to dry out everything in my wallet .
 Fits great on my treck frame . And for the price it is a lot cheaper then most others . 5 stars .
 I love this bag and it slides on and off theTopeak Explorer Bike Rackeasily . The panniers have little elastic bungee cords that attach easily to the bottom of the rack brackets . Be aware , though , that if you have a beam rack , you will need to purchaseTopeak MTX Dual Side Pannier Frame For Beam Rackin order to safely use the panniers.I recommend that those who think they want to buy this bag , but are unsure if it is big enough , visit a bike store that carries the bags and see the actual size of this one . Like other reviewers , I found it smaller than expected , but still adequate for my needs . However , if you are vascillating between this and a larger bag and/or larger panniers , a visit to a bike shop is in order . This bag is adequate for commuting to work , going on a picnic , or a quick trip to the grocery store , but I would want a bigger bag for other uses , such as camping.Before buying this bag , I considered getting a cheaper bag and rack . While this bag with the Explorer rack sounds expensive , I found I was going to have to spend more than half that for something cheap that was n't near as easy to use . My recommendation is to go ahead and invest in this quality product withTopeak Explorer Bike Rackand you 'll have a quality , easy to use combo .
 I love how this trunk bag slides easily on and off my bike rack ! Very clever design . The panniers fold up easily , and are very compact when zipped up and not in use . The handle on top is great . Roomy compartment on top . I use this almost every day , and am very glad I purchased it !
 Nice bag well made and in combination with the Topeak rear rack makes mounting and dismounting a breeze . The fold out panniers are nice when you need the extra space .
 This is a great bag . The construction is solid , and it mounts perfectly on theTopeak MTX BeamRack Bike Mounted Rack . The panniers fold easily away into the side pockets when not needed and the bungee cord , carry handle , and carry strap make this bag versatile and very easy to use . You have to have theTopeak MTX Dual Side Pannier Frame For Beam Rackif you are going to use the panniers otherwise they will get caught in your wheels .
 I have been commuting with this bag for a month and really like it . I really like the MTX system for taking the bag on and off the rack . The fold down panniers are very convenient and hook to the bottom of the rack very quickly and securely . I would like a few more external pockets and zipper pulls large enough to put a luggage lock through . Over all I would highly recomend this bag . Although the next time , I might get the larger size .
 I use this bag for daily commuting to my gym clothes and lunch . It is big enough to fit them all . Once in a blue moon , I hope I had a slightly larger bag , but overall it is big enough for me.I like to track system , it uses no effort to mount the bag , and also it is secured so there is no fear of it falling off in the middle of the ride.I do caution people to be aware of its lack of waterproofing ability , I rode in fairly heavy rain -LRB- about a ten minutes ride -RRB- a few days ago and my stuff inside were quite wet , so some of my documents -LRB- which I rarely carry -RRB- got wet . That 's why they sell this waterproof cover I guess.I would recommend this as I think it does a good enough job .
 Tons of room and fits right into the Topeak frame . I made the decision to commit to Topeak for the whole setup . Others that may want to move away with another manufacturer may not be so lucky .
 I have been using this bag for 4 months 2-3 times per week on my commutes to work around 30mi round trip and I am very happy with it . I am using it with the MTX explorer disc rear rack.First the things I like .1 -RRB- Roomy enought for a change of clothes , lunch , tools and a towel .2 -RRB- Materials seems to be high quality and I experienced no rips or failures .3 -RRB- I really like the MTX system which keeps the bag super secure even when I jump curbs or potholes . It also makes installing and removing the bag very quick and easy .4 -RRB- This bag keeps water and dirt off my back in poor weather .5 -RRB- Main compartment seems to be waterproof .6 -RRB- Good price from Amazon .7 -RRB- I dont hit it with my ancles when its fully expanded . I ride a short chainstay singlespeed mtb and it was a problem with other systems.Things I am not real crazy about .1 -RRB- Pockets in top lid are poorly designed and stuff fall out of them . A little velcro or a zipper would have been great .2 -RRB- No mesh , or side pockets since they are used by the panniers . I think it could have been designed a little better .3 -RRB- A little heavy , but compared to my daily load its trivial .4 -RRB- Side bags are not waterproof .5 -RRB- Waterproff cover is extra.I feel the negatives are relatively minor as far as I am concerned so I give it 4 stars , and I recommend this product .
 I use this bag/pannier for grocery shopping and carrying my commuting gear , and it works fine . The best part about Topeak 's stuff is the Quick Track system that allows the bag to connect to a Topeak rack easily . No mucking about with Velcro -- just slide it into place and click it down . Is the bag perfect ? No . The trunk gets compressed when the pannier 's elastic straps are hooked to the rack . The nylon fades badly in sunlight , and it is n't really waterproof at all . But it 's cheap enough , and works well .
 I did a lot of shopping around when I started looking for a trunk with panniers . This one was just the right size and I was pleasantly surprized with the size of the panniers . They may look small but they hold quite a bit ! And I liked the fact that when I did not need them they fold up out of the way . The trunk is sturdy and solid and I 'm glad I can remove it easily and take it with me with the convenient shoulder strap . I am very pleased with my purchase and recommend it to you .
 I just love this bag . The rack was challenging to attach to my bike but was worth it . Works great . It is big enough for little day trips around my neighborhood . I like that the main compartment is insulated . We went for ice cream last night at the grocery story and it was still just as firm as when bought by the time I got home . Great product !
 I had been shopping for a rack bag for my bike for quite a while . The greatest difficulty I was having was determining the size of the bags - how big/small were they , how much could they hold , etc. . Based on some reviews I thought this bag would be about right so I gave it a whirl . Turns out it is the perfect size for me . I primarily use it to hold my possessions as I commute to work and back . I can fit the following items in this bag -LRB- with the panniers expanded -RRB- simultaneously : Panniers : A 2-liter bottles of soda.Rolled-up shirt.Socks / undergarments.2-4 notebooks/books or a small laptop -LRB- < 14 '' screen -RRB- . Main Compartment : Keys.Wallet.Cell Phone.Pants.Bike repair items -LRB- CO2 pump , tire levers , etc. -RRB- . -LRB- still some additional room . -RRB- Also there is a bungy-strap on top you could roll up a sweater and stick under it.The bag features six elastic straps so it is very easy to secure the bag to any rear rack . The panniers have some small loops you can latch onto the bottom sides of the rear rack . There is also the option of using the Topeak quick-release system . The handle on top is adequate for carrying the bag . There is a padded strap included , but I have found myself not using it -LRB- center of mass is a bit awkward if the panniers are loaded -RRB- . Overall , for the money , this is a great bag and would be useful for anyone traveling 1-100 miles -LRB- likely too small for any multi-day trips -RRB- . Bag would also be useful for quick trips to the grocery store . A * great * value for the price !
 I 've owned one of these for 2 years now , and it 's held up well . I commute to work , 5 days a week , so it 's gotten a thrashing.Pros : Easy to get on/off the Topeak rack -LRB- ca n't speak of other racks , but I do n't know why you would by this bag if you had a different type of rack -RRB- Good storage capacity to size ratio , I love the fact that the panniers just fold up into the side . Very easy to use , and I 've had a few grocery shoppers say `` wow , that 's cool ! '' when I unzip them and they just flop down.Internal pockets are nice , and I like the fact that the very top part is it 's own separate little trunk thing . I keep my bike tools , tube , and powerbars up here . Nice not to have to open the main compartment.Reflective strips are a nice touch when it gets dark , and your rear blinky ran out of batteries -LRB- or broke , like mine -RRB- Cons : Well , mine is just starting to tear up . I 've used it every day for the past two years , and it is n't babied at all . The zipper on the main trunk is starting to fail , and the nylon at the bottom of the bag is looking a little frayed . That is partially due to a crash , and partially due to the fact that this thing gets hammered.I ca n't really call it a con though , as I overload , stuff , cram , and beat this bag regularly . I can say that the rack is pretty tough as well ; 40lbs load in the bag , and bunny hopping off curbs , and no issues.Um , it 's not waterproof , unless you waterproof it . This is never stated to be a waterproof bag , so that should n't be a surprise either.Conclusion : Totally recommend this bag for a commuter who needs to haul a bit more , or light touring . Does n't hold enough for more than a day , and no , it wo n't hold a tent or anything like that . But it does hold my work clothes , shoes , bike tools , tube , pump , and lunch quite easily.The panniers will hold a gallon of milk , each , just to give you an idea of the size . For the money , you probably ca n't do any better . If you think you might need full panniers , then I would go with Ortleib , they are some of the better designed bags out there . Happy riding .
 I bought this bag primarily to replace using an awkward and uncomfortable backpack to carry items when commuting to work . I was a little worried that this bag would be a little too small , but after using it , it is more than adequate.It has all the room I need to carry my work items . In one pannier , I 'm able to put my size 12 dress shoes and then am able to put my dress pants , shirt , undershirt , socks , and belt in the other pannier . That then leaves the entire top compartment open for putting my lunch and other items I wish carry . The top compartment is quite roomy . It 's large enough to fit a full gallon of milk if tipped on its side . The built in bungee cords on top are also great for securing items such as my light jacket.The quick release system is really great . A few seconds to take it on and off.The overall weight of the bag is a little heavy , even when empty . My road bike definitely becomes a little more top heavy.The bag is only able to stop small amounts of moisture from penetrating . Therefore , I would highly recommend purchasing the rain cover for this bag . I did n't , and one morning I road shortly after a light rain , so the pavement was still a little wet . Over the course of the 10 mile ride , some of my clothes inside had gotten a little damp.Overall construction seems pretty good , but I 've only had the bag for about a month so I do n't know how it will hold up long term.My main complaint about the bag is the lack of an external small compartment for keys , wallet , etc. . I 'm forced to either put the items in the small non-zippered pouch in the main compartment or into another bag . Both of which are not very convenient .
 i love this bag . took it on a weeklong trip , not camping . it was perfect . it is well-made . it stored all the necessities and a few luxury items to boot . with a few simple mondifications , it fit snuggly on my regular-style rack . bought another one as a gift , i liked it so much . the shoulder strap and one-piece construction made it easy to transport when i was n't on my bike . well worth the price even for one trip . happy travelling !!!!
 I use this everyday for my commute to work -LRB- 26 miles/day -RRB- . I am able to fit my lunch and pocket supplies -LRB- wallet , keys , phone -RRB- in the main compartment . The panniers are great for extra clothing -LRB- jacket , gloves , booties -RRB- during the ride and the clothes I haul to and from work . The quick release is very convenient , but not something I use much . Accidentally bought the RX cover -LRB- not MTX -RRB- and it does not fit , but it has been waterproof enough so far . The dirt brushes off real easy , too .
 Love this bag . It 's large enough for anything I need to carry , bigger than I expected even . It fits perfectly with my Topeak rack . When you attach it correctly after sliding and clicking into place and then using all the velcro fasteners , that bag ai n't going anywhere . Great quality and for the price -LRB- around $ 50 -RRB- you ca n't beat it . I will be spraying some water repellent on it so it 's even better , but if it rains you can always just strap a plastic bag around it . I almost bought a crappy little bag from Walmart for $ 20 -LRB- worth about $ 10 -RRB- last year and changed my mind . Decided to spend a little more and get a Topeak bag to fit my rack . Glad I waited . My local bike store wanted about $ 80 bucks for this bag . Amazon you did it again . Highly recommend it .
 This product works perfectly , the storage is unbelievable ! We have packed picnics , important documents and shopping items .
 The quality of the bag is as advertised . I use the bag daily and have no complaints about its construction . After using the bag for 4 weeks , I should have purchased the larger capacity bag . I commute for work , so the panniers are a great size , but the main compartment will hold just a couple food storage containers and some tableware . Nothing more . Overall I am pleased with the quality of the product , and the expeditious delivery .
 This bike trunk is everything you want in carrying capacity without having large bags hanging down when you do n't have anything to carry . I could n't find anything like it where I live -- and the bag is just as advertised ... just perfect .
 Carries all of my work clothes and lunch with room to spare . I did n't have the right rack for it , so I picked up 3 bungee cords and it works fine with the rack i have . I would recommend this product
 alright . . have not used a fanny pack since the 80 's and believe me my partner and friends wish i kept it that way ! but i lost my wallet for the last time and i decided to strap this bad boy to my carcus and go on my way ... i love this jansport ... bought the wrong color and decided to buy another without returning the mistake ... got a pink one and blue and gray one ... fits my large waist just fine ! could accomodate a waist up to 45 inches is my guess ... got that outdoorsy , hip , not too rockclimbery look . . lets make the fanny pack cool again . . talk about retroHELL of a bargain great for dog walking outings as well ...
 Very sturdy , holds a lot of stuff . Strong zippers . Easy to adjust waist strap.I highly recommend it .
 This fanny pack was great for a vacation trip - it 's big enough to hold a camera , cell phone and some cards & cash . For the price , it ca n't be beat .
 I do n't like `` fanny packs '' , `` bum bags '' or any of those lumbar packs that are used by hikers and tourists . I bought this little bag to hold my keys , wallet and cell phone when riding my motorcycle because my motorcycle clothing has very little to no effective storage space . Everything is tight and bulging items impede my range of motion . This fit the bill perfectly and the price was right .
 This is a great waist pack for use while walking or jogging outside . I use it every time go walk or jog by the boardwalk . It has two pockets that are just enough to hold my keys , phone , and even a water bottle . It also fits perfectly around my waist . It 's just great .
 The pack is of high quality as all Jansport products are . I guess I should have realized from the price that it was not as big as I would have liked but I think it will hold at least my wallet , cell phone and keys . Do n't expect more than a $ 10.00 pack or you will be disappointed .
 I bought 3 of these and took them on vacation to DisneyWorld . I fit everything I needed including my camera . Love that it has 2 zipper compartments .
 I love this fanny pack , its good quality , its pretty -LRB- blue flowers -RRB- , and its just the right size . Its not a very large fanny pack but I manage to pack my blood pressure cuff , phone , wallet , calculator , and pens without too much digging around . I work at a hospital and this is pretty sturdy material and well-made . The best thing about Jansport is you get a lifetime guarantee . If you need a fanny pack , this one would be a good one to get !
 I 'm glad that I found this waistpack . The price is right and the extra long strap fits the waist perfectly .
 I got this as part of a gift for my 80 year old father . He really liked it . He said that it held his money , and camera . It was perfect for his tour of Alaska .
 I was not sure about the size when I saw it online . I wanted it not to small , but also not to big . This is great I can put my wallet , key , camera , -LRB- all small size -RRB- and some small survivors without a problem . Also love the colors .
 I like these waist packs because it 's an efficient way to carry a few hand tools , cell phone , and anything else that 's unwieldy to have in your pocket . This one is nice looking and the clip is designed to prevent the walls in the female end of the clip from breaking .
 This is a solid product that I am very happy with . I use it for carrying snacks , camera batteries , etc. , when I 'm out hiking and photographing in the outdoors , and it suits my purposes nicely . It could be just a bit roomier , but that 's minor .
 I have one of this , an old one , and i realize how good Jansport is , an amazing item , great pack !
 I 'd recommend this for anyone looking for a fanny pack that is good for more active events . There 's more fashionable bags out there , but this one is perfect for everyday use or something else where you 'd use it casually . I bought this for shows and music festivals so I can keep my phone , wallet , and keys in there and still dance and run around without losing all my stuff . Also i was able to remove the jansport patch and put my own Beatles patch on there . So I really love it now .
 YES ! I was very leary about this purchase . A fanny pack ? I swore them off as a kid because my mom wore them and they seems so un-fashionable . NOT the case ! Bought it for our trip to disneyland . I had everything I needed on my body in the fanny pack and my hands were free . I have a two year old and an 8 year old and I did n't wan na have to dig under the stroller everytime I needed something . I wore it to the side more of a hip pack . The hubby even thought it was cute !
 I purchased it as a gift , as the receipient had it on their list . She seemed very pleased to receive it , and has commended several times since then that she has enjoyed using it .
 This product meets the needs of the customer -LRB- me -RRB- at a price I am willing to pay -- that is the definition of high quality . The construction is more than adequate . It is comfortable to wear . I fell in a lake with my camera and phone inside -- they both survived -- that is more than the manufacturer promised .
 I purchased this waist pack for my daily long walks ... I just love it ! It is not too big or small , just right . It fits comfortably with the adjustible waist band and has a seperate compartment for a cell phone or small wallet . Jansport is known for its quality products , I must say this one fits the bill .
 Jansport has always made great products . I had a back pack pack that lasted over 20 years . The only thing that failed was the zipper . I had a tailor sew in a new one and it was good to go . I like the the 2 pocket design of the waist pack . The clasp has a little bit more to be desired , but it works OK .
 YES , it 's a fanny pack - so what ?! I love it ; I use it all the time.I chose the Hawaiian style ... I just might buy another one !
 I use this pack while running . It does the job well - holds my keys , cell , sunglasses , even a bottle of water . Very light-weight , I never run without it !
 I got this to wear on bike rides when i ca n't keep anything in my pocket . It easily lets me have my wallet , cell phone , or even a powerbar in there . it 's shaped nicely so you wo n't even notice it pushing on you . I used to have Jansport back-packs in school and they always cost a little more but would last forever and this one seems to be of the same quality .
 I really like the quality of the pack and the small exterior pocket is nice , but I really wish the main compartment was larger . I like to be able to just throw my stuff in , but with this I have to put in my wallet , then my glasses case , then there is room for my cell phone and maybe another small item . I 'll use it , but may look for something bigger soon .
 I ordered this product to wear when walking the dogs and to keep clean poop bags , dog treats , keys and cell phone . JanSport makes awesome products . Love them .
 This is such a nice way to be able to go hands-free . You can put in a wallet , music player , keys -LRB- holds quite a bit -RRB- and then there 's even an outside pocket in case you want fast access to cash or whatnot . Delicate , yet sturdy .
 I used this pouch to play carnival in Trinidad & Tobago . It held fast to my waist through all the wildness . The size was just right to hold snacks and essentials . I barely felt the weight . It 's still brand new ... strongly made .
 This is the perfect size for my Ruger LC9 when I 'm hiking but do n't want to wear a holster with the gun showing . Also holds cell phone and is adjustable and very comfortable .
 We used in our trip overseas and found it practical . I wish it were less bulky . All in all a good product .
 I have worn the fannie pack/waistbag for many years they fit comfortbly and are perfect to wear for any occasion , and will be using you products for many years !
 I like to carry my phone , keys , chapstick and a small map when I go biking . This holds it all and is nice and small . The strap looks like it could accomodate a very fat person . I 'm not very big , so now there is a very long piece that I have to figure out how to cut off so that it wo n't shred.Made of high quality materials .
 This is a great product as usual from Jansport - I just wished it had more pockets to hold extra items .
 I use this for walking my dog , when hiking and when biking . I love it 's not too big or too small it 's just perfect ! I definitely will get another one : -RRB-
 I gave the waist pack 5 stars because it was very hard to find one that fit my daughter 's 24 inch waist . This one was adjustible enough to go down that low . It was also more reasonably priced than many of the other waist packs I saw . I would recommend it to anyone with a very small waist . My daughter has n't been using it long enough to test it 's durability but it seems very strong .
 This is the right size to contain my keys , phone and some trail mix etc when I ride my bike . Just what I wanted/needed . No complaints at all .
 I was looking for a small fanny pack -LRB- since I realize that fanny packs are not really `` in style '' anymore -RRB- for me to wear when we go to the amusement park . This is the perfect size because it is not obnoxious but is still large enough for me to carry lots of cards , cash , my smartphone , iPod , etc. all at once . I was most worried about the purchase , because I am petite -LRB- size 2 women 's pants -RRB- and was afraid that the waist strap would n't go small enough to fit me . I worried for no reason as the strap can go small enough for me , and large enough for my husband -LRB- and then some -RRB- . The pack is lightweight but still good quality , including the zipper .
 I ordered a small fanny pack for work and this is exactly what I needed . It came quickly in the mail and I had absolutely no issues with this seller . Would definitely buy again !
 This is a pretty good fanny pack for the price . Do n't be fooled , this is a fanny pack so wear with caution . People may make fun of you but this is a great product and the chicks dig it -LRB- whether they say it or not -RRB- . I would recommend this product .
 This is really meant for costume purposes , nothing more . I have a 9 yr . old that plays football with his friends . I would not let him use this costume for that .
 For 5 years in a row , I 've been locking a $ 1500 Full Ultegra Road Bike in the city center of Boston using the OnGuard Mastiff 5019 . And this lock is so intimidating that my bike has n't even been touched.This lock 's has unquestionable ability to fend off opportunist thieves with simple tools . The hex-tapered chain successfully scare off opportunist thieves that preys on easy targets.Now , once you 've locked your bike with this lock , the question now becomes :1 . How do you secure your components ? 2 . How do you protect your bike from the PROFESSIONAL thieves?The answers are :1 . Get locking skewers for your wheels and seatposts . NO ONE in an urban environment is dumb enough to use quick releases . The quick releases are only justified in races when you need to swap the wheel QUICK . Get locking skewers .2 . Deter the PRO thieves by knowing the ULTIMATE way of using this lock
 This is a great , easy to use chain lock . I ca n't think of a single design flaw with it . The only drawback is that it 's heavy - very heavy . It 's long enough that I can use it to lock up both of my bikes together , which is very convenient .
 I live in a medium sized city and have been using Onguard Bulldog ULocks , the standard size with the security cable for locking for extended periods of time and an onguard mini when just out bombing around . Both of them work really well and I 'm really happy with them . However , theft around my area has been getting worse so I decided it was time to get a heavy chain . It 's pretty heavy and the disc lock they use as a pad lock is really heavy duty . I think just the looks of it would be enough to intimidate a theif . It 's easy to carry around your waist or over your shoulder . I 've used it a few times now and the chain is long enough to wrap around and pretty much immobilize your bicycle . You can get it tight around your rear wheel and frame and lace the chain through to where there 's almost no play in the chain , unlike a u-lock . If you want to keep your bike and you live in a sketchy city I would recommend it .
 i use this lock to lock up a moped . it appears to be durable and the links are quite heavy.no attempts to break the chain or u-lock that i have noticed.comes with 5 keys , one with a night light on it .
 This is one great jacket ! I ordered one for my husband and one for myself . The size is a bit big as I ordered a large and will need to exchange it down to a medium but its a great buy !
 My boyfriend love these shorts ! He wants to wear it all the time , around the house and playing basketball . He says that it feels really good and cool to wear , even though it 's double layered . The color looks great ; pretty different from other shorts .
 My boyfriend love these shorts ! He wants to wear it all the time , around the house and playing basketball . He says that it feels really good and cool to wear , even though it 's double layered . The color looks great ; pretty different from other shorts .
 Honestly speaking , I skeptical about these clubs . My friend bought a set from his friend who worked at this company . After playing about 10 games with them , I must say they are nice clubs . The shiny see through top on the woods looks cool , but a couple times it reflected the sun in my eyes in the late evening forcing me to change my tee spot . But it makes up for itself when people see the cool color at the driving range . So you might say the reflection is the price of vanity.The irons are nice , they have a good feel and the carbon shafts are good , I would n't say great but for the price I like it . The putter is a bit boring ; the color of the putter is nice with the flat black body with the white ceramic face . My complaint is that the white face has no clean break with the black body and I had chipped the black coating -LRB- powered coating ? -RRB- . The other complaint is that there is no sand wedge or hybrids in the set . Complained to the company and they were nice and they got me GREAT deal on a sand wedge -LRB- which was n't on Amazon -RRB- and a very nice hybrid -LRB- which was under another brand -RRB- . Overall I like the purchase and would recommend this club to others . It might not be a major name brand , but for this 18 + handicapper it is a pretty good deal from a price/performance perspective .
 What can I say , for the price , these are great clubs . The real surprise though is I was expecting zinc irons like the ones at the sporting goods store , but instead these are Stainless Steel . And the driver is titanium with a good sound . The paint job on the woods are nice too . I like the red-pink piping on the female sets , nice touch . The irons have very good weighting , the driver is very easy and forgiving . The putter works good , but be careful of the ceramic face as they can chip on the corners if you do n't watch out . I did n't like the bag straps , not very good for a female which is why I am giving it only 4 stars .
 This is one great jacket ! I ordered one for my husband and one for myself . The size is a bit big as I ordered a large and will need to exchange it down to a medium but its a great buy !
 I purchased this trunk bag with the knowledge that it would be primarily used for on the trail storage and it 's a good thing I did ! The inner portion is basically a long padded camera case without much room for anything else . I put the majority of my tools , locks and lunch in the side panniers which expand out quite nicely . I have n't had it very long but the stitching and build do n't have any red flags at the moment . I have a Topeak MTX Trunk Bag EXP to go with my MTX Super Tourist frame that I 'll use for commutes to and from work .
 Condition of item exactly as described . Right model description that matched my Topeak rack . High quality product for the avid cyclist . Love it .
 This bag is a great road bag . It carries everything I need for my daily commute , while still in a smaller aerodynamic area . We purchased the Topeak MTX bag and love it for longer trips and for weekend picnics . This bag , although smaller , still holds an incredible amount and does all I need . We previously ordered the smaller EX bag , but returned it because it was so incredibly small that it was worthless ; my seat-wedge carried just as much without the higher profile . I like the Topeak RX Trunk Bag EXP more every day and highly recommend it .
 This is one great jacket ! I ordered one for my husband and one for myself . The size is a bit big as I ordered a large and will need to exchange it down to a medium but its a great buy !
 My boyfriend love these shorts ! He wants to wear it all the time , around the house and playing basketball . He says that it feels really good and cool to wear , even though it 's double layered . The color looks great ; pretty different from other shorts .
 My father-in-law had a fish basket that we used for our fishing outings . One day the rope that held it attached to the boat broke and the basket with all the fish went straight to the bottom of the lake . I bought this one as a replacement and man oh man I am happy with it . It FLOATS . The bottom compartment that holds the fish stays in the water , but the top part -LRB- the door that you put the fish through -RRB- is plastic and stays at the surface . We had about 20 sunfish and bluegill in it and it had no problem floating . I doubt we 'll lose it again . : -RRB- To sum it up , it works perfect -LRB- like the old one we had -RRB- and has the tremendous improvement of floating/staying at the surface = > no more losing it on the bottom of the lake .
 Basked came as specified and was used immediately for holding crappie from a nearby lake.Thank you Amazon .
 Got mine at another store but was stolen from the back of my truck so getting a replacement now . I put this to use over the side of my boat mostly for crappie , and it will hold a lot . The last one I had for 3 years and it saw a lot of use and held up well . The hinges and springs are also top quality . I would give 5 stars if you collapsed more for storage .
 I got this the last one i had sank . This one floats ! Its pretty good size and should be large enough for any fresh water fish or Smaller salt water fish you can catch in and around rivers and river mouths . A good buy for the price .
 A tishet a tasket , it is a great fish basket . Well constructed , well designed . Fold up flat when not in use , which is a nice feature . Easy to store onboard our motorized kayaks .
 Nice basket . Flotation device makes it easy to drop your catch into and keep your fish secure.Some baskets have a cheap spring panel that usually breaks the first time you use it .
 Purchased the South Bend Floating Wire Fishing Basket May 2012 . Works fine but I did n't realize the trap door was plastic until I received it . I prefer the ones that are all wire .
 The first basket we purchased -LRB- not from this company -RRB- had a problem with the bottom door staying shut which really sucked the first time we raised it out of the water and the first were escaping out the bottom . But not this basket . The bottom is secure and it appears to be well made .
 This light really comes in handy when working under the kitchen sink.The light is on a swivel so you can point to the correct spot where you are working .
 I have used the Streamlight Trident Super-Bright Head Lamp to walk my two large black dogs at night . It provides light where I could not hold a flash light . It was also useful to focus light in small areas when I was building my home theater computer . The light can be tilted down and is easy to adjust and wear .
 I bought one each for my two brothers . They were the guinea pigs - now I can buy myself one . It lights up very bright with three different settings . My one brother owns an orchard and travels overseas and does n't know why he bothered getting along without one of these . It extends the length of his day . I have used it in my attic - and with vaulted ceilings - it is very useful .
 This product arrived on time and well packed from Amazon . It is much sturdier than the last one I bought from another source . It 's easy to use and comfortable on my head . There are three light strengths , yet surprisingly the highest setting appears to be lower in intensity although it spreads the light beam over a wider area . The straps are well constructed and easily adjustable . It also includes the over the head strap to keep it from sliding down your head . I did not give it five stars only because of the high beam intensity .
 I 'm not sure if my use for the headlight is how others use it , but it works great for me . I am a weaver and I often need good light in and around close corners on my loom . It works great . The light is strong , the battery is still working after many hours of use , it is easy to adjust the position . My only issue -LRB- small issue -RRB- is that the rubber headstrap still has a fairly strong rubbery smell . Other than that , I am completely happy with the product .
 Gentlemen : Outstanding product . In the mine we usenickle-cadmium battery last 10 hrs per charge.The normal light cots $ 460.00 . This product is much brighter and just a fewdollars . very very good!I liked the way I was treated when UPS droppedthe ball.Thanks Bart
 I have to disagree with the description of this headlamp . I ordered thisheadlamp , and it has 3 LED bulbs , and 1 xenon bulb.I love this thing . I have tried a few types of book lights , and this is byfar the best solution . I find I can read a book just fine in total darknessusing just one LED . I do n't use the Xenon , it drains the batteries faster.I 'm using rechargeable NiMh batteries , and I 'm getting about 20 hoursof use per recharge.I find the head strap to be a little tight , but I wear a large hat size.As far as using it for caving and he likes it a lot . Thats the best I cando as far as this use of this lamp.No matter what you use it for , it will all most certainly do the trick for you .
 I recieved this headlamp about 10 months ago and wanted to get in some good tests before reviewing . I love it and would recommend it to others.PROS :1 . Snug , comfortable fit for many head sizes , does not slip around2 . Bright -LRB- has 3 settings -RRB- , wide lit area , best in a camp of 5 avid backpackers3 . Very battery efficient4 . Light and durable enough for any trip.CONS :1 . This light beam seems a bit unfocused compared to others , and the focus is not adjustable . On the flip side , it illuminates a larger area than others I 've seen .2 . You have to cycle through the power settings to get back to off .3 . Light can be adjusted to point in several angles , ranging from straight ahead to at your feet . I prefer straight ahead and sometimes found it slipping -LRB- about 20 % of total range of motion -RRB- towards my feet .
 I am an avid night-time snowshoer . I had this old head lamp that served its purpose in providing light , but the small joint that held the lamp at certain angles for use soon lost its taught properties . I had to walk holding the light facing forward or else it would shine straight in my eyes.While debating whether or not to use duct tape , I simply decided to try out different head lamps and to be sure that I avoided the problem I had previously . I went through two more head lamps before I found the Streamlight . Not only did the three light settings serve me better in the dark , but I finally found a head lamp that does n't bounce when I walk . The Streamlight clicks into the angle you would like and stays there . No more holding my headlamp as I 'm gallivanting through the dark!The three LED lights combined with the bright spotlight meet all the needs of the night-time snowshoer . The single top strap is also one of the features of the Streamlight that I really enjoy because it holds more of the weight of the head lamp so there is less slippage when I decide to run or be acrobatic . There is also a comfortable forehead pad that makes wearing the Streamlight without a hat more convenient . The on/off button is easy to find , and it only takes 3 AAA batteries.I have been extremely pleased with this product and its simple yet user-friendly features . It is also great for campers , mechanics and under-the-cover readers .
 Got this for my father-in-law who is in HVAC . He loves it . Says it provides great light and is reliable . He also has a pretty big head and says it fits him very comfortably .
 With out a doubt the best and handiest tool I ever purchased . It leaves your hands free to work , and no more trying to hold a flashlight and work with one hand . Evey one needs one around the house !
 I use it for all of my repairs at home . Battery life is very good . Light is very good . Grip on the head is good .
 I use this head lamp everyday on my job so it does get a little abuse . My only complaint is the plastic end cap that holds the battiers in cracks and breaks and I have to find some other rubber cap that I can place over the end to hold the battiers in . Most of my coworkers use the same head lamp and we all have the same complaint .
 I used this headlamp for CERT training , and the rubber strap it comes with holds onto a hard hat perfectly . Being able to switch from a long range xenon bulb to the short range LED lamps came in really handy . The rest of the time it lives in my emergency kit with the fabric straps on it . The fabric straps work well , but they only adjust on one side which can be a little awkward if you have to really shrink them down for a small head .
 I have had one of these and used it on a roughneck kind of job for four years . I bought a replacement only because mine was in a tool bag that was stolen . It is completely waterproof . It seems to be impossible to break . It is comfortable . It is extremely bright . It has a long battery life when using LEDs . It comes with a strap for mounting to a hardhat . What else could you want ?
 My son is a huge cardinals fan and he plays lots of baseball . This nightlight was perfect for his room that is decorated in baseball . I only wish it could have been purchased seperately because I 've never used the lightswitch plate .
 If you 're not careful taking it off or putting it on , then the clips will slide such that the waist straps will become unadjusted . A bit bulky size wise , but it did well on a trip to Disney World .
 Keeps your hands free and your wallet safer , plus it carries a water bottle . At this time , my Dad is using on his walker .
 This item will make your golf bag stand out . It is not among the typical head cover `` critters '' found in golf shops and catalogs . It is well made and fits nicely . I love mine !
 Amazingly heavy duty cable lock . Much bigger and heavier than I need or wish to carry around . Pictures do not do it justice - this lock lives up to its name . It weighs almost 5 pounds . Impressive.This is the kind of bike lock I would use if I lived in New York City . Good lock for mopeds . A bit too serious & heavy for everyday bicycle use unless you park in high theft areas . Could be used to defend yourself in event of personal attack .
 This thing is Solid . It is too thick to get bolt cutters around . It comes with 5 keys . Weighs about as much as a U-Lock . Only thing that could be better is the length . It barely , fits around the bike rack -LRB- through the tire -RRB- and around the frame .
 I 've had the lock for about a month and so far , so good . It IS heavy -LRB- I had read the reviews , but was still surprised -RRB- . It is pretty large in circumference . It allows you to lock to large poles , which is nice . If you 're locking to something smaller , it might be best to loop it around twice , which is hard to do b/c it 's so thick and not that flexible .
 I recently bought an expensive bike costing over $ 800 so I wanted to buy a lock that would keep my baby safe . This lock provides everything I think it should . It 's pretty heavy and you could swing it as a weapon and hurt someone . I was surprised as soon as I took this thing out of the package . Also a thing to note , you can not take the key out of the lock until the lock is `` locked '' . You put the key in , turn and it unlocks , but you ca n't take the key out until the lock is locked.I showed a couple friends and they were quite surprised . If your looking for something heavy duty and to last , this thing is it ! It comes with 5 keys as mentioned in other reviews . 1 is very big and the other 4 are pretty small . The small key size is about 21/2 inches long . I 'm guessing I wo n't have to buy another lock for a couple years to come !
 Someone just tried to steal my bike - they got through the outer shielding but the inner cable is still good . I am totally buying this lock again
 I bought this to replace my old well-used armoured lock . The Rottweiler 5024 is thicker and longer -LRB- it looks much more modest on the product image , where it is scaled to the same size as their shorter models -RRB- and probably better suited to secure motorcycles than bicycles , which is what I use it for . If it were a foot shorter -LRB- and correspondingly lighter -RRB- it would be perfect for me . I got used to it though . The extra length can be useful when securing both frame and a tyre to , for instance , a bulky pole or a tree . Did I mention that it 's heavy ? 3.5 lb .
 I purchased this lock for use with a pillar and my motorcycle . The lock and chain seem sturdy . It 's a real good visual deterent . I wish that it came in a longer size , I had to order 3 . The only downside for my use is that the part that locks into the lock is not covered with the plasic coating , so I have to be careful not to scratch my rims with that part . Just like many of the reviews on here it is a bit heavy , but other than that I think it 's a great product . Also I do n't think I need 5 keys , 15 total keys for me ...
 This lock is small enough to fit in your bag but good enough to keep a thief from stealing your bike . I use it predominantly for school to lock up my ninja 250 , it might not be the most intimidating chain but it is good enough to keep away anybody and offers more protection then a disk lock .
 I have used this lock on my scooter for over a year now , and have not had any problems . I regularly leave it out in the rain and it has yet to show any rust or significant wear . I think it also does a great job as a deterrent , because it is fairly heavy and thick . You would really need a very heavy duty set of bolt cutters to mess with this lock.The length is just about right for hooking to bike racks , fences and posts . I sometimes use it to lock my scooter to a telephone pole and it is a pretty tight fit , but it does the job.The lock comes with a bunch of keys , one of which has a crappy little light on it that barely works and sometimes gets stuck in the `` on '' position . Other than that minor shortcoming , the Rottweiler is pretty solid .
 This is a great lock for a bicycle . It doesnt scratch the frame and it is practical because it can be made into a double loop and hang around the frame when bicycling . hereby recommended .
 Overall impression
 There is no doubt that this lock is made to deter theft . Its very heavy . I purchased with the intention of using to lock the bike to the car rack & have no plans to carry it on the bike so I was n't bothered by the weight .
 Weighs alot and I feel most crooks would look at this lock and move on to the next target . I doubt there is any bolt cutter that could touch it .
 I wo n't disagree that it is a little unwieldy but truth be told I was looking for a lock where my bike would n't be stolen and for that this is a lock that gives me a good level of confidence in that not happening.It is about the size round of a quarter and the locking mechanism seems pretty solid as well .
 This is one great jacket ! I ordered one for my husband and one for myself . The size is a bit big as I ordered a large and will need to exchange it down to a medium but its a great buy !
 Really fast delivery , great service.Thank you very much , I am really happy with this product.Have a nice day .
 The Winchester Wildcat 22 LR model has a narrow dove-tail scope mounting grove . These work but are not inexpensive like most dove-tail mounts ... but save yourself aggravation and money and get the Millet 's on the front end .
 This product keeps me from damaging my boat when loadind it on my trailer to transport it home .
 I was very please with my shirt . This was my fiest time ordering online it was so easy and now I am a loyal shopper on amazonThank youLillian
 I use this cute pail for my kitchen compost . It looks nice and keeps a lid on my scraps plus convenient handle for carrying out to the compost pile . Nice solid pot . Not thin and weak like some enamelware .
 I got this to use as a compost pail in the kitchen . We use it to hold the scraps we are going to give to our chickens -LRB- they do the composting for us : ^ -RRB- -RRB- . It works well and cleans up well . It also looks nice in the kitchen .
 Love these blue enamel cookwares . Very durable . It does come with one of those stickers that only a solvent will take off though .
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 A well made product , small and compact but useful to store lock , extra inner tube and a few bike repair items . I would recommend this to anyone who needs a little extra carrying space for around town trips . Cheers
 I found a good deal on the track holder that this bag fits in at an LL Bean outlet , so I decided to buy the bag meant for it . This is a great and very high quality bag . Seems built to last and has all the pockets and crevices and whatnot that I like . I carry wallet , keys , cell phone , bike tools , and a small first aid kit and still have plenty of room left if I want to throw some food and stuff in there for a little lunch as well.I love the way it slides in and out of the track . Very simple and easy . Other bags I 've had would end up staying on the bike because I did n't want to bother taking them off . This is easy enough that I just remove the whole bag and keep it in the closet . It makes bringing the things I took biking back inside a lot more convenient .
 I have owned and used many topeak products and have never been disapointed . This is no different . Well made , easy to use with their rack systems , plenty of storage and compartments to organize your essentials . another winner from topeak . No disapointments here . Thanks Topeak !
 I used the Amazon reviews when purchasing this product . The reviews were more accurate than the manufacturers description , the manufacturers description of the size is larger than the actual item . It is the perfect size for my biking trips .
 It is not as big as I expected , but good enough for what I need . Shipped fast and on time . Great product .
 The bag is well made . It 's pretty small , but large enough for an experienced `` credit card '' bike tourer to use for trips of several days , perhaps as long as a week in warm dry weather . The nicest feature is the mounting system , it sides on and off the Topeak Beam Rack in a flash .
 I like this setup because I am able to ride my bicycle 6miles to work and not have to worry about the effects of a long ride to work . I am able to put a size 10 dress shoes along with my wallet , keys , cell , and other items are needed . Now I love this product because I am able to put a starch pair of dress cloths in the bag compartments without having to fold and make unessiaray crease in my clothes . so if your a beginner this is a well built bag that I would recommed to anyone ...
 I have the V type rack with matching RX trunk bag EX . Both the rack and the bag are very well made and highly recommended . Be sure to order the proper seat post size for the rack . The bag , which was purchased on Amazon , is great . I use it for longer rides when I need extra room for arm and leg warmers , vest , ear warmers , maybe even a jacket and some extra energy bars . This is a compact bag , so some items may have to be strapped on the outside , like heavy booties or a jacket , but spare tubes , tools , warmers as noted , and a few other small items will easily fit in the bag . It slides easily onto the rack and is held securely with a spring loaded clip . Nicely done , Topeak !
 It does exactly what I expected it to : - Fit securely on the back of my bike-Hold basic tools -LRB- for on the road maintenance -RRB- , bike pump , keys , phone , money clip , Nalgene bottle , and the brief owners maintenance manual.-Doesn ' t get squished with the bungie chords I use to keep it firmly attached.It 's a little small , so do n't expect to carry too much . The stuff I listed above are small -LRB- except for nalgene , which fits snugly into the main compartment -RRB- and basic -LRB- i.e. key chain is only car key + house key . Maintenance tools are 2 small screw drivers and a couple of other small `` made for this bike only '' tools -RRB- .
 I own several other Topeak MTX style bags for my hybrid / commuting bike , but they were all a bit too bulky to use on my sleek road bike for daily charity rides / tours -LRB- 50 - 100 miles -RRB- . Enter the EX bag . It is big enough to hold a couple of spare tubes , tools , CO2 inflators , my wallet , phone and some energy bars / food for along the way . I would n't use this for overnight trips as there is no room for spare clothes , tent , etc. ; but , it is great for just heading out for the day.For longer tours , I recommend the DXP bag . It has all the room you need for a couple of days on the bike .
 A good investment.Recently , a friend and I went to the Peruvian highlands in the Callejon de Huaylas area -LRB- Huascaran National Park or Parque Nacional del Huascaran -RRB- . It was at the end of the rainy season ... and it did rain on us -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . The bag , placed on the Topeak rack and using the ad-hoc rain cover worked very well . I took a large rather heavy camera , waterproof cycling clothes , liquds , and some food , and there was still plenty of room for more stuff . The ensemble held firmly to the seat post and was easy to mount and dismount .
 This bike carrier was just the right size for the quick release Topeak bike rack . I have their basket and the bag that is larger but this size fits my bike lock and a few necessary things and away I go with a bag that is light and easy .
 I have now owned this bag for over two years . It is a perfect rear bag for my use . The rack is strong as is the nylon bag . It hold my wallet and keys and and some first aid supplies .
 This lock is great . It looks significantly more imposing than the 12mm coil which is probably most of its deterrent value . It takes patience to wind any coil lock through your frame and spokes , but both a man and petite woman have used this lock with ease . We own three onguard locks -LRB- one for a bike and two for a moped -RRB- and we love them . Reliable and strong .
 onguard comes thru again , it would take a huge bolt cutter to pop thru this cable , I use it every day with no fear that my bike will get jacked , a bargain
 Talk about ` Heavy Duty ' ! I see how the name ` doberman ' comes into play . And I like the ` keying system ' , not your standard ` pick-able ' key .
 I have had this for years and it still works like it 's new . It has kept my bike safe , for which I 'm eternally grateful . It 's easy to lock and unlock and the coils extend to 2X its original length , making it easy to go through the wheels .
 I recently purchased this item and I 'm satisfied . In case you 're in doubt , it 's my opinion that this brand runs just a tad big , so order down .
 This was exactly what I was searching for ! comfortable capri pants for the gym . They cover most of my legs , but leave my calves free , which is how I feel most comfortable when running and stretching . Most gym pants I find tend to fit too low on my waste , these fit just right so I dont feel self concious .
 I LOVE these capri tights ! So comfortable ! Machine washable . You 're supposed to hang them to dry , but I dried them in the machine on low and they were fine , no major shrinkage . I need to order a couple more pairs ! They 're GREAT !
 Called the company and they said they had everything we needed in stock . We had 20 girls in our program and loved the pants . They were as great online as they were in person .
 I just needed some plain ol workout capris for a decent price and I gambled a bit and ordered two pair . I also took the good advice by another reviewer and ordered down a size which turned out to be perfect . These were exactly what I was looking for . They are simple and made well . I am very pleased ! : -RRB-
 I love these leggings . I am very picky about the feel and fit of my workout clothes . These have both a great fit and feel , plus they are comfortable and look great to wear anytime ! I originally bought 2 pair , my mother bought 1 pair and I am planning on buying more !!
 I just got this item yesterday . I tried it on and it was perfect . I thought it ran true to size . But the thing that I was most happy about was that the label said `` Made in the USA '' . If I had known that in the first place , I would n't have deliberated so long .
 I really just plain love these . I wear them for all kinds of workout sessions and they are so comfortable . The price was so low that I was really surprised at the quality . Will be buying more in different colors .
 I love these capris !! I bought them in fuscia & white stripe . They are true to size . I love them & look forward to getting more colors . They are so soft . If you want great capris that are comfortable & very stylish then these are the ones to buy .
 I like these , and the price is right . I wear them over much more expensive bike capri pants , to protect those . I have lots of pairs of these , and they are both sturdy enough to withstand riding a bike -LRB- this is pretty tough on the fabric -RRB- and flexible and soft enough not to cause irritation . And , importantly , the price is right.I do n't know what they 're like for other sports .
 I 'm no pro a golf ball is a golf ball but I found this to be a particularly good deal.Six balls for under $ 10.00 . I was wondering if I was going to get some of them plastic kiddy balls but no -LRB- they are real and they are spectacular -RRB- . -LRB- Seinfeld -RRB- . Anyhow they are real .
 These golf balls were very cute and worked really well for a game we had at our carnival . We were looking for kid friendly golf balls and these certainly fit the bill . Overall I am very happy with this purchase .
 I got this comforter for my wife for a New Year 's gift . Quick shipping , Quick delivery . When it got to the house , my wife LOVED IT ! She said that it kept her extemely warm during the cold nights . I will recommend this product to anyone who likes a quality comforter or a Hog fan .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift at the request of one of my sons whose brother attends Texas A&M University . I expected it to made of the perforated fabric that comes to mind when considering football jerseys , but was pleasantly surprised to receive a tightly woven fabric that will be more durable . It is exactly as it appears in the picture online and would be a welcomed gift for any fan . I especially like the size in that it seems to be wider than other bed covering I have purchased and allows for ample measurement to drape over the sides of the bed .
 This product is very sturdy and of excellent quality and easy to mount . I mounted it on the back of my uncle 's electric wheel chair and it fit perfect for this unusual application .
 After extensive research in the bicycle basket area , I chose this model and I 'm very happy I did ! This basket is a great value for the price . I had it installed at my local bicycle shop , because my computer had to be moved and I did n't want to fiddle with it , but it seemed to be an easy enough task . The best feature is that the basket comes off if needed . It 's extremely easy to just slide this off and on . There 's even a lift up handle so you can carry the basket around , which I do at garage sales and markets ! When I originally opened the box , I thought the basket was huge , but once it was installed and used , I 've decided that it 's just right ! This basket has a smaller mesh design , so you do n't have to worry about smaller things falling through it . I think it 's also a nicer shape , more rounded , than the standard square models . This model is both stylish and functional . I 'd definitely recommend this !
 Installation was simple , my five year old niece assisted me in the process . The basket is the perfect size and sturdy . Loves it .
 This little basket is just what I was hoping it would be , and fits perfectly on my Raleigh women 's comfort bike . I can snap it off to do a light run to the corner store and then snap it back on for the ride home with no need for the environmentally unfriendly plastic grocery bag . I worried that putting too much weight in the basket might throw my balance off when turning corners , but so far that has not been the case . The handle does rattle a bit when the basket is empty , but I keep it tied down with a cute little ribbon until I need to use it . All in all , it was a good choice .
 This is a great looking basket . I was a bit worried that it may not hold much , as far as weight is concerned . But , that is not a problem with my bike , as my front reflector seems to keep it stabled just fine.If you do purchase this basket , do n't forget to put the one inch strips of foam inside of the handlebar attachment , to keep it from slipping . I had to take apart to put them in , because I had forgotten to do that , -LRB- or rather , did n't know where they went until I had it all together -RRB- .
 Anything heavy in it causes it to droop down and drag on the front tire .
 Now I can ride to the grocery store -LRB- no petrol -RRB- , take my basket in with me and keep items in basket -LRB- no plastic -RRB- and it just attaches back to the mount in one quick button push ! Fits plenty and I really dont feel like an idiot with a basket on her bike , cause i can remove when not in use and the mount stays attached to the bike :--RRB- -RRB- Great product , very sturdy construction . Took a bit to figure out how to mount tho as it didnt come with the tool or written instructions -LRB- only pictures -RRB- thank goodness im technically inclined !
 This basket is absolutely ideal for mountain bikes . I had it put on my bike for me at the bike shop which I am very thankful for because it would be a pain to set up on my own.The basket is so strong and big that it will carry anything I could possibly want to put in it . I could even take it to the library or the grocery store because it comes off the mount to enable it to be carried.It does tilt a couple of degrees but nothing drastic because it sits way above my front tire . I am totally satisfied with this product !
 I am very satisfied with the basket . I really like the small openings the mesh basket has . I can take the basket off very easily and bring it in the house . It easily can handle the weight of a gallon of milk plus other things .
 Bought the basket for my wifes trike and found it to be very high quality and just what she wanted as far as size etc. . Very happy with it .
 Well-constructed , nice design and finish . Clever mount wire design prevents basket from tipping forward . Easy release , too . Great value !
 Great price for this basket . The quick release basket feature is very useful . I bought 2 baskets , might buy some more !!
 Bought for my Yorkshire Terrier so she can now accompany us on bike rides -- she loves it ! Roomy enough for her to sit or lie down . Easy to attach a short leash to her halter , although she has no intention of trying to exit the basket ! It was a great find .
 Basket was easy to install and it is easily removed when the bike is on the travel rack .
 This is my third basket of this type . I am fairly rough on them and the wire net around the bottom of the basket and the sides break from repeated flexing . When the basket gets bent its main wires are stiff enough so they are hard to straighten.I like this basket because it is the right size and I can modify it like I want . I take a piece of 11/4 inch wood dowel and cut a kerf lengthwise in it and glue it to to front of the basket -LRB- hot glue gun -RRB- . I can then mount a headlight on the front of the basket instead on the handlebar . This allows me to use a handlebar headlamp while using a basket .
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 I do n't agree with the other 2 reviews on Amazon about this helmet . It has worked out great for our 21 month old son . And it was the top rated toddler helmet of one consumer magazine.It is sized to fit toddlers sizes 47 to 50 cm head diameter . -LRB- This is equivalent to about 18.5 to 19.7 inches . -RRB- So I would suggest that people measure your child 's head prior to purchase . Also , the owner 's manual is available on the Bell website if you want to read about fit prior to purchase.I can see why some may think the helmet does not fit . The first time you put a helmet on a child who has never worn a helmet before is tough . He is scared and you are nervous , so it is stressful . There are 2 different comfort pad thicknesses that come with the helmet . We found that taking all of these out allowed us to quickly get it on and off the child 's head to adjust the chin straps . Once the chin straps were adjusted , then we put the thinnest set of pads back in tested the fit on the child 's head . Then you can move to the thicker pads if needed.Once our son figured out that putting on helmet = fun bike ride , we have n't had a problem getting it on him.Yes , we have pinched his chin once with the chin strap buckle , but I do n't think you will find a helmet that does n't have this possibility.The only negative we can see with this helmet is that it does protrude slightly in the back . If you had a very straight backed child carrier , this may pose a problem . We have a Topeak babysitter child carrier and it works just fine . If you do have a very straight carrier , then another helmet to consider is the Giro Me2 helmet which does not protrude in the back and also received good ratings .
 I bought this helmet for my daughter who had just turned 1 . She does n't usually like to have things on her head but she did n't mind this helmet . The helmet is easy to size and covers my daughter 's head well . She 'll probably be able to use this helmet for a couple years . We go on bike rides around the neighborhood and I feel better knowing that her precious head is protected if something were to ever happen on one of our rides .
 The helmet fits fantastic on my 10 month baby 's head . I love how it comes with extra foam padding , just in case the helmet is too big . The only problem is that my toddler absolutely hates this helmet ! I have tried to get him to wear it , but no luck . I 'm still not going to give it . He just does n't like anything on his head .
 I have been looking everywhere for a helmet for my tiny little 18 month old . This helmet is perfect ! She has an 18 inch head and it fits her perfectly . It comes with two different size pads for the inside of the helmet . Great buy . I am glad I found it .
 Cute graphis . Great design . Love the visor . As with all bike helmuts , make sure you measure your kids head before buying . This one comes with a set of extra thick pads in addtion to the ones already in the helmut . I find all bike helmuts difficult to adjust and get a proper fit . This one is no exception . My recommendation is to sit your child in their high chair and distract them with their favorite snack . They wo n't be able to squirm away and the snacks help them tolerate you putting it on and taking it off while you adjust straps and such . Once properly adjusted I was very please with the fit of the helmut . Does n't slide down my son 's head . I know he 'll grow out of it fast , but I 'm willing to pay the price to keep his cute little noggin ' in one piece . Not that I plan on rolling over the Burley bike trailer , but you never can be too safe !
 I was skeptical to buy this helmet because my 2 year old has a very small head . But this helmet fitted him perfectly and it has a lot of padding inside . Great product !
 Purchased this for my granddaughter . We bought the same one for her sister 2 years ago . It is great !
 The back is kinda pointed , and gets in the way . But over all is a great helmet !
 A very nice looking helmet . It fits my Grandson perfectly . It 's a sturdy product . I 'm so glad I purchased it . My only complaint was the price . I could get a toddlers helmet for $ 20 to max $ 25 .
 My son loves this helmet . he puts it on when he wants to even if we are not going for a ride in the bike trailer . I think it is very cute . I like it .
 Great Helmet ! I feel safe when I take my 8 month old out on bike rides using this helmet .
 He was only 9 months old when I bought this , but it was too small for him !
 The helmet was just what we needed ! It arrived promptly and was exactly as described . It fits great , provides safety and is cute too !
 the visor did not snap ON SO WELL BUT OTHER THEN THAT MY 11 MONTH OLD SON DID NOT TAKE IT OFF . sO IT WORKED GREAT .
 This product is made a little small , so you may want to go a size bigger . I am very pleased though .
 I bought a Giro Flume Youth helmet for my 3-year-old son -LRB- now almost 5 ; helmet fit is still comfortable and safe -RRB- , in the red flame pattern . My husband is a somewhat serious mountain biker , who wanted a very safe helmet for our child ; and my son is a very sensitive little guy -LRB- he hates crooked sock seams , grit on his skin , hats , etc. -RRB- . I myself wanted something my little guy thought looked cool but that did n't have superheroes or advertising on it :-RRB- This helmet made everybody happy . Of course it is mandatory that our child wear it for biking ; but the requirement has n't been onerous , my son is happy to wear it on his cycle and often leaves it on for fun . The fit is adjustable , and -LRB- unlike some other helmets we 've seen -RRB- is very comfortable even when snug enough to be safe and not to slip around . I highly recommend it and am back to buy a second to have on hand for visiting kids .
 I bought this helmet for my almost 2 year old son because he had grown out of his smaller helmet -LRB- the Specialized `` Small Fry '' which we also loved -RRB- even though the measurements said he should still be fitting it . This Giro fits perfectly , it has a nice adjustment feature that is very easy to use and he has plenty of room to grow ! Before I bought it I did some research on different brands and this one had the widest range for head measurements so I 'm hoping it will fit him longer . It looks awesome on him and he loves wearing it , and often does n't want to take it off !
 My daughter absolutely loves her lightweight helmet that keeps her safe too ! She 's fallen off her bike several times and the helmet held up wonderfully . No boo boo 's here ...
 My 4 year-old recently outgrew his other bike helmet . so we needed to get a new one . His head was measuring at 53cm , which for his age means he has a heck of a noggin.Too many of the kid helmets are gimmicky , or cheap , sometimes both . This on is not , they look like a younger , smaller adult helmet . The designs of course are louder than my helmet , or my wife 's but that 's fine for my son.The dial fit was easy , and the strap adjustments were simple.It fit very well , and i feel confident he will be safe with it on.The price , design and fit are worth the $ . Helmets only work if they are worn , so I needed one that he would put on without an issue.Well done Giro !
 Is an excellent helmet for my 6 years of age . It fits perfectly . But I feel angry that now costs 10 dollars less. : -LRB-
 This is such an easy to fit helmet . it is light weight , and meets all safty requirments . My whole family is now in a giro bike helmet . Our favorite fit , and can easly change the size when the temps get a little chilly and we add a thin hat under . :-RRB- best of all it does n't slide back off the kids head ! Staying put keeps them happy , and NO complaints !
 The helmet fits well and is very comfortable . My grandson 's will wear this helmet without complaining about it hurting their head .
 My daughter age 21/2 who hates all helmets put this one and did n't want to take it off . It is so light that it feels weightless and at the same time keeps our child safe . I would highly recommend this helmet if you want a happy toddler who enjoys wearing it .
 I bought 2 helmets for my grandson 's in Florida . I relied upon customer reviews and my daughter told me I did a great job . The helmets fit nicely and they are just what the boys wanted . Having the helmet shipped directly to Florida and arriving at their door in 2 days is awesome .
 Nice Helmet . My 6 year likes it a lot . It fits well , looks cool and seems very sturdy .
 Our kids ' heads are precious and Giro does a great job protecting them . We have owned other brands -LRB- Schwinn , Bell -RRB- and quality wise , Giro outranks them all . By now everybody in our family uses a Giro helmet and we could not be more pleased by how user friendly they are made . They are sturdy , they fit well , and the quality seems a lot better than any of the other popular brands out there .
 My husband is a serious road cyclist and often cycles our son to school , so we were looking for a solid , safe , and dependable helmet . We love Giro helmets for ourselves , and this one fits little noggins very well -LRB- so far ages 2-4 -RRB- and is highly adjustable . Our hat-despising son actually loves to wear this helmet !
 We bought it because a friend gave my daughter a hand-me-down kickboard . My daughter looks very cute trying to ride to kickboard around .
 Loved it , but had to return it since my son needs a larger size . He is 12 & needs adult helmet .
 Great quality helmet . Adjustable in the back to make the perfect fit ! Would definitely buy again . Giro is the best .
 The problem with bicycle helmets is that they are not cool . My son did n't want to wear the dorky looking young adult helmets on display at the local toy store or the boring helmets on display at the bike store . Enter Amazon.I ordered this helmet because of the graphics , but when it arrived , I was impressed by the number of vents , fit and finish . While Giro is a good brand and I own an adult Giro helmet , I had no idea they made such nice children 's helmets . Other than weight and number of vents -LRB- which are things that matter to serious cyclists , but not as much to young boys -RRB- , there is not much difference between this Giro helmet and the adult models costing several times more.Plus , the cool graphics will have your child wanting to wear it -LRB- we got the Blue Flame version , which looks even better in real life than in the pictures -RRB- . If you need a helmet , this is a well constructed one that kids will want to wear , which is half the battle . Recommended .
 This is worth it . Adjustable size is helpful . Light-weight and easy to adjust . Great colors . Do not waste money on cheap helmets . My 5 year old boy uses while bicycling .
 We got this helmet for our 3 & 5 year olds . We decided on it after testing many at a local store for fit and overall product quality -LRB- I recommend you do the same as we were going with smaller ones that did n't fit -RRB- . Not only does it look great but it is very well made , as expected from Giro . It has great coverage for protection in case of a fall , it is easily adjustable in the back with what seems like a wide range for many ages , and according to the kids very comfortable . Highly recommended !
 Giro quality , cool design , adjustable fit . My daughter loves the lady bug design , kids tell her all the time how cool her helmet is . I like that the helmet will fit her for several years because of the adjustable design . I also like that her pony tail fits through the back easily .
 We looked for quite some time to find a helmet that fit my child 's head and had straps that fit . My child has a larger head circumference and it is great to find a wonderful helmet . I personally find this helmet to be gender neutral
 The helmut is better than the photo . Nice bright colors . My 5 year old daughter loves it . The foam pads included make customizing the fit easy .
 - decent price - high quality build - very light + comfortable ; lots of vents for breathability - can fit different size heads as it has an easily adjustable brace/harness on the back - fits well on my 3 year old who is thin and is average size by growth charts - picked white color to reduce heat in summer - looks nice too
 Kids got used to it very quickly . great fit for kids from 22 months to older . It was recommended by another preschooler 's mom . Perfect color for us was this one since we needed gender neutral for the twins .
 We bought this for our 5 year old for christmas . -LRB- He has a big mellon ... head lol -RRB- It fit perfectly . It came with inserts so that if the helmet was too big the inserts could be added for a perfect fit . Our son loves the helmet and the flames look GREAT ! He thinks he 's a big time bike rider now . He also wears this helmet to ride his skateboard , his rollerskates , his rollerblades and to walk on his stilts . I have a Giro helmet that I wear when I bike ride and I find this brand to be very durable and comfortable . I feel confident that my son 's head -LRB- and mine -RRB- is protected in this helmet . Besides , it looks REALLY cool . : -RRB-
 This thing is so comfortable that my daughter leaves it on for several minutes after she gets off her bike . I think she just forgets it 's on there .
 This helmet is very well vented and is comfortable for my child to wear . It fits without drifting up or down on the forehead , so it should protect the head well .
 My son has had several different helmets , this one seems extremely comfortable to him , fits well and is very easy to adjust . Great helmet and he loves the flames !
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 great price - works great - we just wanted something under our exercise bike so it would n't ruin our carpet ...
 It helps keep the sound to a minimal and is easy on the feet . It is well made . No problems .
 This is a no brainier item , the mat is a necessity to guard both the floor and your expensive equipment . The mat arrived in a large over stuffed box , unwrapped easily and after deciding where to place the Sole E35 we had purchased as well , the mat was laid down and the assembly was made on top of the mat - a little forethought to avoid hurting ourselves and the equipment .
 The mat works great . I 'm glad I bought it . I did n't know the elliptical machine would be so heavy . It definitely would have scratched my floor if I did n't have the mat .
 very sturdy , one of the few things I have purchased this year that was worth its price and then some .
 We are using this mat under a heavy -LRB- ~ 215 pound -RRB- elliptical and it appears able to easily take the load and protect our floor .
 The mat works fine for my ellipical . It was thinner and lighter than I expected , but seems be be OK .
 Have it underneath my recumbent bike and I am glad I do , it helps distribute the weight onto the carpet evenly and gives a sense of stability while using the bike . Great product whose purpose is fulfilled !
 We utilize the mat for our bike and it is excellent material , durable , and does the job effectivelyThat said , there are inflated prices for accessory items such as this - finding substitutes more economical proves to be difficult . Indeed , the price of manufactured electronics such as DVD players or the like are more affordable , whilst we search the web frantically to shave unanticipated dollars from a complete package .
 I 'm not sure what other reviewers are doing with this mat and maybe I just had low expectations but this seems perfectly suited to for its purpose . I have a heavy elliptical -LRB- Schwinn 438 - which is great by the way -RRB- on new carpet with thick carpet padding.I was careful placing it and did n't try and drag the equipment across the mat to straighten it -LRB- as I had read reviews about the mat tearing -RRB- but it does exactly what I would expect it to do . It protects my carpet from sweat and limits the amount of carpet fibers that can get into the mechanisms . I thought it might scoot around a little as I use the machine , but that does n't seem to be the case either.I 'm glad I did n't spend more money on one of the other options , because I do n't really see the need for anything different .
 This is a great mat , works very well . I am using it over carpet with a schwinn eliptical machine on top of it and it does a fantastic job . Ca n't say anything bad about it .
 I bought this mat to go underneath a recumbent stationary bike , and it fit perfectly.It has prevented the bike from moving around at all , keeps things pretty level , and so far -LRB- 1 month of usage -RRB- it has not been damaged in any way even when I tried to pull on it to move the bike - yes dumb idea but the mat did n't give .
 I bought this mat just to help cut down on the amount of carpet fibers that might have accumulated over time under the treadmill.I have to say I guess it does its job.I havent had any problems . it also helps cut down on the indentation into the carpet.I was kinda hard to keep the mat flat while putting the treadmell on it.Other than that its a good buy for the money .
 Completely satisfied ... Is n't bulky or as thick as I thought , but protects the carpet very well .
 No surprise yet . Had n't had the need to relocate it with equipment on top . My stationary bike is about 130 lbs . It `` seems '' to protect my hardwood floor -LRB- have n't peeled it back to check -RRB- .
 We used it under our Schwinn Ellipitcal machine and so far it seemsto be working out fine just .
 Nice , heavy product . Fits treadmill very well .
 It 's a mat . It works fine . Fits under the Schwinn 418 elliptical , in case you 're wondering .
 Not much can go wrong - its a mat that sits under my treadmill . It is on our hardwood floor - it cushions noisefrom the treadmill as we work out . Much better than having the treadmill sitting right on the floor . The mat isjust the right thickness to make the difference . No rubbery smell , easy to install and it is pretty sturdy .
 The mat is very good quality and reasonably priced . I bought it for my treadmill and it supports it well . I have only had it a few weeks so I do n't know how durable it is but so far it is holding up well . Also , I have a light manual treadmill . Again , not sure how well this mat will support bigger , heavier treadmills .
 I bought this to protect my new hardwood floor . A Sole E35 sits on it and the mat seems to be holding up . It 's not super thick but thick enough to offer some protection . I 've seen thicker ones but I went with this one and I 'm happy.Update : Moved the Sole e35 off the mat to see how it was holding up and I was n't impressed . The mat was smashed to paper thin where the legs contact the gound . Six permanent indentations on the matt and now I 'm buying a new one -LRB- different brand -RRB- because I ca n't risk damaging my hardwood . I would now rate this product one star . May be ok if you have carpet but I would spend a little more .
 I 'm pretty forgiving when it comes to products and how they hold up based on how I use the products and what they were designed for . Maybe this product was designed to work on a carpet or a wood floor in the ` living ' area of a home . I have it underneath our elliptical in the basement to keep the elliptical from moving across the cement floor . After about 9 months , I needed to move it over a few feet ... alas , the pressure points -LRB- 6 of them -RRB- stuck to the floor and it was impossible to pull up the mat without tearing it and leaving -LRB- at best -RRB- part of the mat on the floor . So ... I scraped up the impacted rubber and the mat still does what I wanted it to do but ... it is unlikely we will be able to move it again .
 I do n't know how excited I can get over a mat that goes under my treadmill but that it what this is . It did tear when my husband put the treadmill on it but we bought a 300 pounder so I do n't know if any mat would be perfect . Hopefully it keeps the carpet fibers out of the machine which is all I need . It is really thin so if you were looking to actually protect your carpet , I 'm not sure this is the right mat .
 Put these mats -LRB- 3/8 -RRB- under my rowing machine and LifeCycle . These pads really save the wear and tear on the carpet . My wife is pleased , therefore I am pleased . Would buy again .
 I 'm very pleased with it , the mat is of good quality , rugged . I have placed my workout bench on it to protect the hardwood floor beneath . Shipping was super quick , arrived two days later . Would highly recommend it .
 Overall this is a great mat -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- . I currently use this mat under a treadmill and on carpet . It 's the perfect size and very easy to clean . I just wish the mat was a little stiffer/firmer . The mat bunches up when trying to position the treadmill on the mat the first time or when re-adjusting the treadmill . I would buy this mat again .
 The Ironman Treadmill mat has an easy to clean non-slip surface and is the perfect size for use with most treadmills . The price is comparable to smaller mats that I 've seen making it a good value .
 High quality exercise / equipment mat . Wipes off well and helps keep bike steady .
 I own a Nordic Trac treadmill and have been using this product under it for several months now without any problems . The only drawback in my opinion is that it could be a little thicker which would add greater longevity to the mat before it eventually wears out . All in all good product , well worth the purchase !!!!
 Decent product , thicker than other mats I was looking at . Also this was less expensive than the thinner mats.Was delivered quick .
 This excercise mat is great - it is very sturdy and makes a great base for my elliptical machine . I am very happy with this purchase .
 I purchased this mat for my Ignite 821 elliptical , and it is the perfect size . I do n't have any other equipment mat so I ca n't say whether this is thicker or thinner than other mats out there . I think it 's a pretty good quality mat . I 've had this for one month , and so far it 's still in very good shape .
 I read a review that said the mat tore when they moved the treadmill onto it . I 'm glad I decided to buy this one anyway . We lifted the treadmill onto it and it works great , does ` nt slip at all and protects my floor nicely . Worth the price and I recieved it 4 days after placing my order.Thank You , Karen C.
 Great product . Plain and simple . I wish I had ordered it with the roller tips , as without them , I have very worn ropes ...
 These were a little larger than what I had researched them to be ; however , there were a huge hit from Santa and will get a LOT of use ! Well made for `` practice '' at home , etc. . . which is what Santa was looking/hoping for .
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 so far so good this are some good tires . I had these tires for few weeks and I 've ran over pieces of glass and stones and so far no holes in my tires . They are nice looking tires and they ride very smooth . I highly recommend them especially for the price that I paid . For the money no bike tires out there can compete .
 I bought a pair of these after seeing them praised in a biking forum . Just did n't want to shell out the $ 140 needed for Schwables . 2500 loaded touring miles later , I 'm confident I made the right decision . Tread wear is about what one would expect for the mileage . I figure they are easily good for another 2500 miles . I 've had 3 punctures , all those tiny wires that nothing will stop . The tires are easy on/off , and for such a wide tire , reasonably light and nimble . Really ca n't find anything negative to say about the Overdrives . Just hope they 're still around when it 's time to replace them .
 It 's a bike tire , not too much to get excited over . They seem to throw a bunch of pebbles , more than any other tire used , but maybe that 's a good thing ? I 've only been offroad once with them but they held well even there . I ca n't comment on wet traction , I try to stay out of the rain , but overall they 've been great . And most important , no punctures !
 I 've got this tire on the back of my Giant Cypress DX hybrid and it performs better than my expectations . I definitely prefer the comfort and security of a wider 700c tire - I do n't race and appreciate the softer ride of this 38mm . After 2,000 miles it roles smooth , still looks great , has plenty of tread left and never had a flat . The reflective sidewall lights up like a beacon . Ca n't comment on grip as I 'm a cautious rider and Have n't really pushed it to extreme limits but have not had any problems in wet conditions . I plan on taking some extended road trips in the future so I bought 3 more to stock up . This tire is worth the price!Update
 As a daily commtuer of 40 miles 5 days a week these tires have won me over in many ways . I am not going to tell you that you will never get a flat with them because I have . But with that in mind they are still a great tire for a mountian bike rider who is looking for a road tire too get out and make a run . I average about 3 to 4 months on the rear and over a year on the front wheel.I have tried alot of differnet brands and this one is the one for me on my moutain bike . Happy pedaling to you !!!
 I bought the 26 `` x1 .75 Maxxis Overdrive tires to use on my mountain bike when riding urban trails . I have a second set of wheels for this purpose . I have Maxxis tires on other vehicles and know them to be a good company . The tread is great for concrete , asphalt and hard packed trails and the rolling resistance is substantially better than my regular knobby mountain bike tires . Even with the wire beads , they seem to be reasonably light.On the downside , I had some difficulty getting the beads to seat in the rims when I installed these tires . My rims are older Mavic 599 x 17 -LRB- 26 '' -RRB- M231 's that I have mounted several other sets of tires on with no problems . It took alot of lube -LRB- soapy water -RRB- , several attempts , and 80 psi of pressure to finally get the beds to seat evenly . It was a real pain , but fortunately I have a compressor . I 've read about this issue with the Overdrive on another website , so I know this is not an isolated case . I do n't know if it is safe to inflate these tires to 80 psi , but I wore safety glasses and got away with it . 70 psi was not enough.Bottom line , the Overdrive is a great urban tire at a good price , but installation was a a 11/2 hour project that should have taken 15 minutes .
 Super grippy and ridiculously easy to install . Tire holds up well to any sharp objects on the road and have yet to blow it going off curbs or hitting paved trails .
 I have had these tires through a riding season , and like them . They are a good compromise for a hybrid/commuter bike , as they have some grip but still ride smoothly . They are also good at resisting punctures .
 I wanted a tire that could roll over goat head thorns , but unfortunately I rode through a patch and one bad trucker of a goat head thorn managed to puncture my tire . Otherwise , it 's fantastic . I can ride over fire trails , potholes , glass , sticks , and small children playing in the street without a single prob .
 Wanted to buy a bike tire that would last . this one has the Kevlar protection so I got this one . Now I have these tires on all my bikes . Easy to put on myself . The hard part is to keep my mom from `` supervising '' me !! good tire for the money and also has the reflective strip built in the tire -LRB- I like that feature -RRB- Maxxis is a good tire with good traction for my city bike .
 I purchased a pair of these tires over a year ago and have not had one flat . I use my bike daily on varying surfaces , wet and dry and these tires really fit the bill .
 Maxxis all the way . Great on line price for a super durable bike tire . Clocked hundreds of miles and not one flat . Ca n't go wrong .
 Got 4 of these tires for my brand new hybrid bikes . My son mounted these tires with little effort . He used a slotted head screwdriver size 1/4 '' and 3/16 '' wrapped in electrical tape on the heads to keep the inner tube from being punctured to dismount the old tires . Slid the screwdriver between the rim and the tire and leaving one in place while he slid the other around to dismount the tire . He said they mounted very easily and quickly using his bare fingers to push the steel belt under the rim.Overall considering the other great reviews I 'm looking forward to many , many happy hours and miles of no flat tires on my new bikes . Bike shops say you have to spend at least $ 40 each for kevlar tires to get good ones . I bought the last 4 that Bike World had at a very reasonable price . I consider myself very fortunate to have my son install them for me.After doing some extensive research on the net on 700cc kevlar tires I found that Maxxis had very good reviews . I bought these tires due to the quality of the manufacturer plus the extensive use in Europe by the racing community of these tires . Ca n't go wrong with a good thing !
 Light weight and comfortable bracelet design means it can stay on nearly all the time.Luminescence is as good as it gets without tritium.Setting the date is surprisingly fiddly , and getting for the crown to do so by feel is hard . That 's the only minus I have.Styling is subjective . I think it looks great , others might not care for it . Pretty clearly it 's intended to make the dial straightforwardly legible , and in my opinion , it succeeds very well .
 We have a matching pair of Momentum Atlas Titanium Bracelet Watches with a Black dial . They are light , easy to read -LRB- big dial -RRB- , hold up well with constant wear -LRB- my body chemistry destroys most watches -RRB- . I saw the Mens and Womens matching watches with the white dial and they do n't disappoint .
 these were a decent price at 15 bucks and they arrived in 2 days ... however my son was n't impressed and he said mom `` they are just another pair of shorts '' we needed the green color , so that is a plus . decent , but not perfect .
 I purchase Under Armour gear for my husband each Christmas . We have yet to be dissatisfied with their products . Highly recommend .
 The shorts came in a timely manner and were the usual good Under Armour quality .
 Item arrived in new condition , packaged nicely , invoice enclosed and on time ! No complaints .
 Bought this product , have used it every week for soccer games , excellent feel , keeps color and shape .
 These workout shorts are not only very comfortable but let you breathe as well . I love them . They are lightweight but very durable too .
 These are great ! Very comfortable . I am 6 ' 3 '' and the XXl were almost too long -LRB- just this side of gangster - but OK -RRB- . I wear them all the time . Great for working out1
 Three things : Feels almost weightless ; always dry ; never catches . The best running -LRB- or just lounging around the house -RRB- pants currently made .
 Warning
 very comfortable shorts . great material . i run w / these shorts . and , i like them .
 I have several of these shorts . Yes , they are top notch exercise shorts , but more importantly for me is that they are great lounging shorts and the most comfortable pajama bottoms you can wear . The moisture wicking effect means that you will be comfortable throughout the night and still be ready if the kids decide to jump in bed with you and yours . As soon as I am sure that I am not going out again I change into these and a UA tee shirt . Try it , you will never go back to traditional pajamas again .
 My son loves these shorts . They are durable yet light in weight . They suit his active life style which includes weight lifting , martial arts and sports conditioning for football . You ca n't go wrong with them .
 The shorts are great for working out or just lounging around at home . Super thin and very lightweight . Running is a breeze with these .
 these shorts are soft , comfortable and feel super-sturdy . i use them for the gym and the fact that they are fast-drying is a real plus - as is the price . what is even more amazing is that i received them in 2 days !!! and , there was no shipping . great work under armour . highly recommended .
 Great shorts . I only wear them when I know its not going to be cold they are really thin and hold sweat and that cools quick . They are great in the heat though . they dry fast and are air-light . Im 5 ' 10 '' 170LBS and they fit great . No need to use the draw string .
 My husband swears by these shorts . He wore his last pair of shorts multiple times a weak for over three years . A few months ago they were torn a bit while playing a game of basketball . He taped them on the inside with packaging tape and wore them for another couple of months . I thought they were getting to be a bit disgusting so I knew it was time for a couple of new pairs . Definitely recommend these .
 These are great for running because they are lightweight and slightly stretchy , but I wear them around the house too because they are the most comfortable piece of clothing I own .
 I enjoy endurance type athletic events and my days are filled with crossfit oriented training sessions . I have used these shorts in multiple events and they have never been a problem -- in fact I own 4 or 5 of them in different colors . You can do 20 + mile running sessions and the shorts will dry out fairly quickly . I recommend these for any serious athlete .
 I am completely satisfied with these workout shorts . They are everything anyone could hope for in a workout short . The best feature is the moisture wicking even through some heavy crossfit sessions . I also like the pockets and they do n't retain any post workout odor , so you can get a couple of workouts in without offending your fellow gym goers . Highly recommend .
 My son can not have pockets on his basketball shorts in the league he plays in . It is very hard to find shorts without pockets so these work great for him . They are very light weight and thin material so he does n't get too hot . He does wear compression shorts underneath so they hang straight no matter how much he is moving around . They are n't too tight around the waist and are a good length . He is 5 ' 3 '' and they hang a little longer than what the picture shows . The two colors that we purchased are exactly the same as what was pictured.They are a really good price . I just wish they had more colors in his size !
 These shorts are awesome . They are extremely light-weight ; it 's almost as if you ca n't even feel them . They are quite long -LRB- I 'm 6 ' and the large size hung right at or a little below my knees -RRB- , but I 've worn them running and they did n't bother me . These are perfect for lounging or going to the gym -LRB- I use them for running as well -RRB- . Just two complaints
 These are by far the best short I have ever owned to work out in periodMen 's UA Flex Short Bottoms by Under Armour
 These shorts are GREAT ! They are great for exercising , working out , and running - yet can be used for lounging around or anything for that matter . They weigh like nothing and are breezy and cool . I LOVE these shorts ! Very good product .
 These shorts are made of a silky material that keeps the body cool in hot weather . We live in Australia where the summers are extremely hot and my boyfriend wears these every chance he gets . They also make great lounge-wear for men .
 These are probably the best shorts out there for anything related to sports . They feel so lightweight , I felt like it added speed to my usual running and cutting ! I am also surprised by the durability , they last a long time and keep the color despite the thin material .
 the classic style no pockets nice fabric just what i was looking for easy light durable shorts do n't collect sweat easy to wash strings dont come out
 Keeps me dry during my marathon training and during marathon races ... even when I spill water on them they just dry up quickly and do n't bog you down during runs ...
 I bought these shorts as a gift for my son-in-law , and he says they are very comfortable and look great . That 's all I need to know to be pleased with these shorts .
 I bought this a couple of month ago , I 've been going to the gym for over a year now , and always felt a little uncomfortable with the short I used , I searched for something like this locally but was unable to find anything , or too expensive.This are great for the gym or just hang around the house , extremely light to wear and very fresh as well , the microfiber lets air breeze in just fine . There is no pockets which is fine for the gym , but a little annoying .
 great fit and extremely comfortable . These are loose fitting and very flexible . The are easy to clean , too . They are stylish too .
 This is the most comfortable pair of shorts I have ever owned ! They are silky smooth and they feel like I am not wearing them at all -LRB- and my wife loves them on me too ! -RRB- The only downside is that they do not have pockets . Under Armour has created a newer version of these shorts which I also own and highly recommend !
 I really would love to buy another pair of these active shorts just in case they decide to quit making these , because I really love'em .
 Nice quality yoga strap . Easy to use the D-Ring , wide enough that it does n't feel cheap or flimsy .
 I ordered this strap , as well as a colored one of another brand . This one is superior by far and worth the little extra cost . Thick and well sewn , nice sturdy rings . I 'll go back and order shorter straps from Hugger Mugger because they are that much nicer .
 hugger mugger has a reputation that this product carries on strong . the strap is especially helpful in the longer sizes -LRB- I bought 1 at 8 feet in length -RRB- since I am 6 ' 5 '' . I appreciate the weaving pattern of the strap itself -LRB- made to endure a yoga practice for life ... I 've seen these particular items at facilities all over the states , without signs of freying -RRB- . I aired on the side of the metal d-ring , though admit to having never seen the plastic shear apart . either way , I believe you 're in good hands with this item .
 I had a cheaper version of this product and the strap was flimsy and cut into me in certain poses not to mention that it was too short for many poses . The hugger-mugger strap is not only long enough but thicker and smoother so it does n't cut in to my skin and it is comfortable to grip .
 This durable yoga strap is very comfortable and sturdy . It has come in very handy for me during my practice . I love the long length .
 These are the same straps purchased for our company-sponsored class , and highly recommended by our instructor . They seem like pretty indestructible straps if they are used in yoga studios in so many places ! I originally got another brand in 6 ' . After using these in class , I found I needed the little bit extra length of the 8 ' . Also , the other brand had a metal end cover -- which initially I thought `` oh it 's so sturdy ! '' until I pulled to loosen and that metal cap cracked me in the head ! And that metal tip seemed to keep hitting me every time I tried to rearrange the strap ! Bad karma there . I purchased the metal D-ring version but also used the plastic buckle in class -- both are real nice and very easy to use . I ca n't remember my reasoning for buying the metal D-rings when I had that incident with the other metal object , but I have n't hurt myself with this strap at all ! I think someone else recommended the metal versus plastic since plastic can break faster than metal ? I dunno . I do n't pick one over the other in class though , and this is for home use only . In a nutshell , it is very tightly woven cotton , sturdy but soft to the touch . Great for reclining big toe pose -LRB- aka strap around foot and hold leg in air by strap -RRB- . If in doubt , go with the 8 ' length so you do n't try something new and think `` if only I 'd gotten the longer one ! '' Hugger Mugger products seem to be the industry standard for good reason .
 Hugger Mugger D-Ring Yoga Strap 8-Foot -LRB- Natural -RRB- Good value for money . The straps are amazingly soft and does not cut into the skin . The D-ring holds firmly without letting go under body weight . The only bad thing is that it 's white . Rubbing against it too often turns it to off white . Then again it is a cool colour to have while binding .
 i do n't have much experience with any other strap . Works fine . D ring slides on easily . Does help me reach and deepen poses better .
 Durable yoga strap . I have n't had to wash it yet , but looks as though it will fare well in a normal wash cycle in a garment bag . Good price for great quality ! : -RRB-
 It is a yoga strap . It is longer than other straps I 've used . I am not sure that the extra length is necessary but it is well made and serves it 's purpose .
 The construction of these straps is great . The metal d-rings are durable and strong . Perfect for yoga 3-4 times a week .
 This is a decently heavy strap and works great for my yoga classes . I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and had no issues with the length at all . Worked great !
 Overall , I love this pullover ! It 's nice looking and very warm -- just what I wanted . It has the warmth of a coat but looks more like a sweater , so I can wear it indoors without looking so bundled up . It also eliminates the many layers I often needed to feel comfortable in the winter . The only thing I would have changed is the `` fur '' that gets stuck in the zipper . Also , I can feel the zipper on my chin , just a bit , when it 's fully zipped . Mountain Hardwear should put thin , soft microfleece around the inside of the zipper to help with this .
 Besides having a superb orange color , this watch looked great until the sweat and grime were just too much . This watch travelled the eastern hemisphere with me . It survived a khamsin in Sudan -LRB- lots of sand dust -RRB- , a ride down the Nile -LRB- we spent a bit of time in the water -RRB- , a tumble down a Vietnamese hillside -LRB- good mud -RRB- , and really , really , really cold nights in Mongolia . The watch did a better job of surviving travel than I did ... for 2 years . At 22 months after purchase the crown was pulled out to adjust for yet another time zone and would not go back in . The watch is now stuck at 10.22 . It needed a new battery at 21 months of age , so should have run for quite some time . If the watch worked for more than 2 years , I would give it 5 stars . If it had n't survived such rough conditions traveling , it would only get 3 stars for such a short life.I have purchased another one to try for the next series of travel thru Central and South America and will update that watch 's travels and travails.Update : I love this watch ! but beware the second one worked for less than 20 months . It expired , no new battery could revive it . no amount of thunking or shaking worked , but since no one in bolivia cares what time it is , -LRB- light ? daytime . dark ? nighttime -RRB- I carefully placed the carcass in my backpack , and proceeded to have no idea as to time other than the basics . Upon returning to the states , the watchman examined my poor wrist companion , shook his head mournfully , and declared the death of my watch.Perhaps this watch is a city slicker masquerading as an adventure watch .
 Like most `` tall '' people , I hesitate buying pants online , in any form . But I figured , since these are just for working out , what 's the difference . I was pleasantly suprised when these pants arrived . They were actually long enough for me ... I 'm 5 'll '' and the medium was just right , even in the length . I also loved how super stretchy they are .
 I am 5 ' 8 with really long legs and these pants were plenty long . The thigh part is pretty snug down to the knee . I have athletic thighs and these are tight , but they are n't uncomfortable tight because they are a thin material.I 'd buy them again for the length . As for how they will hold up that remains to be seen .
 loved the pantswas a bit sceptical of ordering blindly online but it was perfect fit and comfort.i totally recommend it !
 I have been in search for exercise pants that truly fit properly , are well made and manufactured using quality material ... and oh yes , are LONG enough , have a nice waistband and wo n't fade over time . My search has been in vain until now ! I am thrilled with these pants . They are everything I wanted and more ! I LOVE , LOVE them ! They are showing as currently unavailable at the moment but hopefully they will be back in stock soon so that I can order more . One more great item of note
 I received this product as a gift , and am very happy . I originally put it on my Amazon wish list based on other reviews . I do n't work-out or do yoga , but I 'm always looking for black -LRB- that 's the color I got -RRB- , stretchy , boot cut pants . This is exactly that . Very comfortable . The material is not heavy , but seems very durable . The stretchiness is not too tight , but just snug enough to be form-fitting . I have the medium size , and they are a bit long -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- , but they look like they could be easily hemmed . -LRB- Have n't tried that yet . -RRB- The waist is a basic elastic and comes to the belly button . I would buy this again .
 I just bought these and they are great ! Comfy , nice and long , come up to the belly button , nice coverage all around . They have a cottony look . For those looking at these and trying to figure out what size would be best as I did , - thankfully I ordered the right size . I ordered a large , I am 5.9 inches tall , 175lbs , I take a size 12 to 14 usually , so hope this info helps . I am going to order a second pair I like them so much , it 's not often you can find nice pants that actually fit and look good ! Good price also , comes to around $ 25.00 after shipping .
 I loved these pants . They were perfect in length . If you have long legs which i do then these are the pants you should get . I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and have trouble getting Yoga pants that are long enough after the first few washes . These were great and kept the length . I like my yoga pants to sweep the floor and these still do after many washes . So , even if you 're taller than I am you 'll be pleased with the length here . I had tried two different brands at Amazon , both were more expensive and too short . I 've bought 4 pairs of these .
 These are the most comfortable pants ever , they fit perfect and they are plenty long , I am 5 ' 8 '' and they are plenty long , which is what I wanted . They stay in place while working out which I love . The shipping was super fast too , I recieved these way before the estimated date . I will definately be buying more of these !!
 I confirm that theese pants are indeed thin but you ca n't beat the price . I love the length , I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and they cover my shoes , which is so hard to find . I love the waist band , though I 'm partial to the `` V '' waist , this waist band is very liberal ... does n't let the `` muffin tops '' hang out the sides , if you know what I mean . LOL !!
 This is absolutely the most comfortable pair of pants that I 've ever worn . The extra bit of spandex -LRB- 10 % as opposed to most pants ' 5 % -RRB- allows the maximum movement without losing the shape of the pants . These pants are so great that I just bought another pair for myself and highly recommend them to other women .
 This golf bag cover is absolutely a great investment for the die hard golfer who does n't let rain , snow or sleet deter his/her play . It is easy to install , works great in keeping your golf bag dry and allows for easy and convenient access to your bag . Most of all , the plastic see through top portion easily moves up and down for simple and quick access to your clubs . The material is completely waterproof and once removed from the bag is easily stored . Great buy . I installed this bag easily on my Sun Mountain golf cart .
 I bought these for my wife . She loves these balls.If she 's happy I 'm happy . Thanks 100 % RECOMENDED
 This was a perfect gift for my wife to get here going on the course . Of course the pink color is just what she wanted . Shipped and delivered fast . Well done .
 What more do I have to say ? Wish I would have bought them years ago . Nice and big , well made , connects to my peg board for easy access . Love them !!
 Really impressive how good it is this tool . Came really quick and works perfect . The box was wraped very well and came with instructions how to use . Thanks a lot .
 I have used these hex wrenches several times now . I enjoy them each time I pick one up . The plastic handle is perfect . The size is clearly molded into each handle . They are long enough to reach down into a machine when needed . They work easily and comfortably no matter which end of the wrench you need to use . I think they are so nice I would almost let a good friend use them . Maybe only look at them .
 Solid , convenient pedal wrench . Bought a new set of Keo 's and realized standard pedal wrench wo n't work , you have to have a hex wrench and unscrew from the back . I was really surprised it was a little difficult to find a hex pedal wrench , since there are tons of Keos out there . But this one works great and for the price , it ca n't be beat !
 I love Park Tools and this Hex wrench set is no exception . It is very handy to use when doing bike repairs and other things around the house . Park Tool products are just the best .
 Great tool set for working on a bike . Covers every hex size that could be on a bike -LRB- at least I have not encountered the need to find another size in another tool box -RRB- . The hand grips make turning the wrench easy on the wrist . Finally , the ability to use the long or short end as needed is great .
 I originally bought full set but lost a few of the wrenches so this was a replacement . The double sided hex gives it excellent versatility to get a tough spots . The wrench is strong and does n't bend when you put a lot of pressure on it . Get the full set - it is a much better deal .
 I think the title says it all . If you are looking for the best hex wrench set out there this is it . A ratchet set has a lot of uses and a smaller hex set without the big T handles is useful from time to time but this PH-1 set gets 95 % of my use.The holder is good but designed for peg-board mounting only -LRB- not bench top -RRB- .
 This Hex wrench set is a bit expensive but is a very useful wrench set . I use it for my Haso Pino tandem . It makes disassembling the Hase Pino frame and other components almost a fun . -LRB- I have the portable 4-5-6 mm wrench for carrying with me with the Hase Pino or my regular road bike . -RRB-
 It is my firm belief that The Lord God was the inspiration for these tools ; there is no other way to explain their perfection .
 The set is definitely a good investment . They are solid and have good ergonomics for ease of use . As a new `` repairer '' of my bike , at first I did n't understand why there were two ends to each wrench . Depending on the bolt , one end of wrench fits much better than a regular wrench and really makes a difference for repairs . Spend the extra money and get this !
 These were a little on the spendy side , however they are extremely nice tools . The blue handle piece is comfortable and they have the ball end which makes getting into weird angles -LRB- like water bottle cages -RRB- a breeze . Also , the have a little barrel on the shaft to allow you to spin the wrench freely .
 Park does a pretty good job with everything I 've tried from them . Needed a new tool box to fit them .
 These are great to keep within reach for any bike mechanic wannabes . My favorite part is that you can use them in a angle to get to those hard to reach spots on your bike . They are on the pricey side though , and I can not compare them with the cheaper ones as I have not owned any . To me they are a great buy .
 I needed a long wrench , this one fit the bill . Every-time I thought would brake -LRB- like others -RRB- , twisting at max-tq , to my surprise , the screw broke free & the wrench snapped/sprung back . I 'm impressed !
 Great size and length for leverage ! Love this set ... has all the sizes I 'm going to need and they are well made . The holder attaches to pegboard nicely with the bottom touching the pegboard and the top positioned away from the pegboard . The wrenches do n't hang sideways like in the picture but hang with the leg of the &#34; L &#34; shape pointing forward and down.The thing I have a hard time with is picking the right wrench since I am used to a small to large order . This has the 2 , 3 , 6 , & 8mm sizes on one side and the 2.5 , 4 , 6 , & 10mm sizes on the other . Always am grabbing the wrong one . Holder has slots labeled but it is black relief on black , angled down slightly , and hard to see!Overall
 I have a prosthetic leg and this tool was just what I needed to make adjustments on my own ! Awesome !
 Park Tool is pretty much the standard for cyclists ' tool boxes . I put off purchasing a standard set of ergonomically designed hex wrenches for way too long . The design makes a lot of sense . For instance , it is sometimes hard to get to tight places on bikes but the heads of these wrenches have a cut a few millimeters from the tip that allows the wrench to articulate so that you can reach into tight places on the bike at an angle . The handle design makes it easy to spin the handle too for quick removal of screws while the opposite end has a long lever arm that allows you to put a lot of torque on a stubborn part . You wo n't regret buying these .
 This thing has a little plastic spinner-deal on the long part that lets you hold it in place with one hand while the other hand does the torquing . You can really get some good leverage while using the short stubby end .
 Park tools are quality and have served me well in the past . These are excellent wrenchs and are necessary if you do your own bicycle repairs . Handy holder keeps tools organized in size order and can be bolted to your bench .
 This hat is nice . It looks great worn regularly or backwards . I have a fairly large head , and it fits although it is a little snug .
 I ORDERED 4 LINES EACH 15FEEL LONG . THE LOOPS WERE SECURELY BRAIDED , THEY HOLD A BOWLINE FINE AND THEY DONT STRETCH MORE THAN A FEW INCHES . PERFECT DOCKLINES . PRICE WAS HALF OF THE MARINA STORE .
 Do n't walk , run to get this bat ... Its insanely crasy . My son has the new easton s1 power brigade bat , real good bat , but the hooligan much better and cheaper . In my case nothing . My buddy gave it to me because his son was done with baseball . What a blessing !! . . My 8 year old who is very strong to begin with , but with this bat , he powers over other kids . Its secret ?? i do n't know i do n't work for any bat company and i never write reviews , but i am such a believer that i decided i wanted to help people that might be in the market for a bat.In my opinion its the way the bat is build , It carries all of the weight mostly in the barrel of the bat . I have hit with it goofing around and it has incredible pop . I weigh 200 pounds and with a 31 '' / 19 OZ i was hiiting the ball well over 300 feet.I do n't know how well this bat did when it first came out , i was not in the market for a bat and many people might aleady know all of this , but for those who do n't , give it a try ... I hope my review helps .
 The first review is not at all true.The rules for the game of horseshoes states , the steel pegs must be 40 ' apart , 14 '' above the pit and be tilted 12 degrees from vertical towards each other.A very good shoe for the price .
 As far as Horseshoes go , this is perfect for travel and as a permanent setup . Just remember to take a hammer with you :-RRB- -LRB- To drive in the stakes -RRB-
 these shorts are soft , comfortable and feel super-sturdy . i use them for the gym and the fact that they are fast-drying is a real plus - as is the price . what is even more amazing is that i received them in 2 days !!! and , there was no shipping . great work under armour . highly recommended .
 Great shorts . I only wear them when I know its not going to be cold they are really thin and hold sweat and that cools quick . They are great in the heat though . they dry fast and are air-light . Im 5 ' 10 '' 170LBS and they fit great . No need to use the draw string .
 My husband swears by these shorts . He wore his last pair of shorts multiple times a weak for over three years . A few months ago they were torn a bit while playing a game of basketball . He taped them on the inside with packaging tape and wore them for another couple of months . I thought they were getting to be a bit disgusting so I knew it was time for a couple of new pairs . Definitely recommend these .
 These are great for running because they are lightweight and slightly stretchy , but I wear them around the house too because they are the most comfortable piece of clothing I own .
 I enjoy endurance type athletic events and my days are filled with crossfit oriented training sessions . I have used these shorts in multiple events and they have never been a problem -- in fact I own 4 or 5 of them in different colors . You can do 20 + mile running sessions and the shorts will dry out fairly quickly . I recommend these for any serious athlete .
 I am completely satisfied with these workout shorts . They are everything anyone could hope for in a workout short . The best feature is the moisture wicking even through some heavy crossfit sessions . I also like the pockets and they do n't retain any post workout odor , so you can get a couple of workouts in without offending your fellow gym goers . Highly recommend .
 My son can not have pockets on his basketball shorts in the league he plays in . It is very hard to find shorts without pockets so these work great for him . They are very light weight and thin material so he does n't get too hot . He does wear compression shorts underneath so they hang straight no matter how much he is moving around . They are n't too tight around the waist and are a good length . He is 5 ' 3 '' and they hang a little longer than what the picture shows . The two colors that we purchased are exactly the same as what was pictured.They are a really good price . I just wish they had more colors in his size !
 These shorts are awesome . They are extremely light-weight ; it 's almost as if you ca n't even feel them . They are quite long -LRB- I 'm 6 ' and the large size hung right at or a little below my knees -RRB- , but I 've worn them running and they did n't bother me . These are perfect for lounging or going to the gym -LRB- I use them for running as well -RRB- . Just two complaints
 These are by far the best short I have ever owned to work out in periodMen 's UA Flex Short Bottoms by Under Armour
 These shorts are GREAT ! They are great for exercising , working out , and running - yet can be used for lounging around or anything for that matter . They weigh like nothing and are breezy and cool . I LOVE these shorts ! Very good product .
 These shorts are made of a silky material that keeps the body cool in hot weather . We live in Australia where the summers are extremely hot and my boyfriend wears these every chance he gets . They also make great lounge-wear for men .
 These are probably the best shorts out there for anything related to sports . They feel so lightweight , I felt like it added speed to my usual running and cutting ! I am also surprised by the durability , they last a long time and keep the color despite the thin material .
 the classic style no pockets nice fabric just what i was looking for easy light durable shorts do n't collect sweat easy to wash strings dont come out
 Keeps me dry during my marathon training and during marathon races ... even when I spill water on them they just dry up quickly and do n't bog you down during runs ...
 I bought these shorts as a gift for my son-in-law , and he says they are very comfortable and look great . That 's all I need to know to be pleased with these shorts .
 I bought this a couple of month ago , I 've been going to the gym for over a year now , and always felt a little uncomfortable with the short I used , I searched for something like this locally but was unable to find anything , or too expensive.This are great for the gym or just hang around the house , extremely light to wear and very fresh as well , the microfiber lets air breeze in just fine . There is no pockets which is fine for the gym , but a little annoying .
 great fit and extremely comfortable . These are loose fitting and very flexible . The are easy to clean , too . They are stylish too .
 This is the most comfortable pair of shorts I have ever owned ! They are silky smooth and they feel like I am not wearing them at all -LRB- and my wife loves them on me too ! -RRB- The only downside is that they do not have pockets . Under Armour has created a newer version of these shorts which I also own and highly recommend !
 I really would love to buy another pair of these active shorts just in case they decide to quit making these , because I really love'em .
 these were a decent price at 15 bucks and they arrived in 2 days ... however my son was n't impressed and he said mom `` they are just another pair of shorts '' we needed the green color , so that is a plus . decent , but not perfect .
 I purchase Under Armour gear for my husband each Christmas . We have yet to be dissatisfied with their products . Highly recommend .
 The shorts came in a timely manner and were the usual good Under Armour quality .
 Item arrived in new condition , packaged nicely , invoice enclosed and on time ! No complaints .
 Bought this product , have used it every week for soccer games , excellent feel , keeps color and shape .
 These workout shorts are not only very comfortable but let you breathe as well . I love them . They are lightweight but very durable too .
 These are great ! Very comfortable . I am 6 ' 3 '' and the XXl were almost too long -LRB- just this side of gangster - but OK -RRB- . I wear them all the time . Great for working out1
 Three things : Feels almost weightless ; always dry ; never catches . The best running -LRB- or just lounging around the house -RRB- pants currently made .
 Warning
 very comfortable shorts . great material . i run w / these shorts . and , i like them .
 I have several of these shorts . Yes , they are top notch exercise shorts , but more importantly for me is that they are great lounging shorts and the most comfortable pajama bottoms you can wear . The moisture wicking effect means that you will be comfortable throughout the night and still be ready if the kids decide to jump in bed with you and yours . As soon as I am sure that I am not going out again I change into these and a UA tee shirt . Try it , you will never go back to traditional pajamas again .
 My son loves these shorts . They are durable yet light in weight . They suit his active life style which includes weight lifting , martial arts and sports conditioning for football . You ca n't go wrong with them .
 The shorts are great for working out or just lounging around at home . Super thin and very lightweight . Running is a breeze with these .
 these shorts are soft , comfortable and feel super-sturdy . i use them for the gym and the fact that they are fast-drying is a real plus - as is the price . what is even more amazing is that i received them in 2 days !!! and , there was no shipping . great work under armour . highly recommended .
 Great shorts . I only wear them when I know its not going to be cold they are really thin and hold sweat and that cools quick . They are great in the heat though . they dry fast and are air-light . Im 5 ' 10 '' 170LBS and they fit great . No need to use the draw string .
 My husband swears by these shorts . He wore his last pair of shorts multiple times a weak for over three years . A few months ago they were torn a bit while playing a game of basketball . He taped them on the inside with packaging tape and wore them for another couple of months . I thought they were getting to be a bit disgusting so I knew it was time for a couple of new pairs . Definitely recommend these .
 These are great for running because they are lightweight and slightly stretchy , but I wear them around the house too because they are the most comfortable piece of clothing I own .
 I enjoy endurance type athletic events and my days are filled with crossfit oriented training sessions . I have used these shorts in multiple events and they have never been a problem -- in fact I own 4 or 5 of them in different colors . You can do 20 + mile running sessions and the shorts will dry out fairly quickly . I recommend these for any serious athlete .
 I am completely satisfied with these workout shorts . They are everything anyone could hope for in a workout short . The best feature is the moisture wicking even through some heavy crossfit sessions . I also like the pockets and they do n't retain any post workout odor , so you can get a couple of workouts in without offending your fellow gym goers . Highly recommend .
 My son can not have pockets on his basketball shorts in the league he plays in . It is very hard to find shorts without pockets so these work great for him . They are very light weight and thin material so he does n't get too hot . He does wear compression shorts underneath so they hang straight no matter how much he is moving around . They are n't too tight around the waist and are a good length . He is 5 ' 3 '' and they hang a little longer than what the picture shows . The two colors that we purchased are exactly the same as what was pictured.They are a really good price . I just wish they had more colors in his size !
 These shorts are awesome . They are extremely light-weight ; it 's almost as if you ca n't even feel them . They are quite long -LRB- I 'm 6 ' and the large size hung right at or a little below my knees -RRB- , but I 've worn them running and they did n't bother me . These are perfect for lounging or going to the gym -LRB- I use them for running as well -RRB- . Just two complaints
 These are by far the best short I have ever owned to work out in periodMen 's UA Flex Short Bottoms by Under Armour
 These shorts are GREAT ! They are great for exercising , working out , and running - yet can be used for lounging around or anything for that matter . They weigh like nothing and are breezy and cool . I LOVE these shorts ! Very good product .
 These shorts are made of a silky material that keeps the body cool in hot weather . We live in Australia where the summers are extremely hot and my boyfriend wears these every chance he gets . They also make great lounge-wear for men .
 These are probably the best shorts out there for anything related to sports . They feel so lightweight , I felt like it added speed to my usual running and cutting ! I am also surprised by the durability , they last a long time and keep the color despite the thin material .
 the classic style no pockets nice fabric just what i was looking for easy light durable shorts do n't collect sweat easy to wash strings dont come out
 Keeps me dry during my marathon training and during marathon races ... even when I spill water on them they just dry up quickly and do n't bog you down during runs ...
 I bought these shorts as a gift for my son-in-law , and he says they are very comfortable and look great . That 's all I need to know to be pleased with these shorts .
 I bought this a couple of month ago , I 've been going to the gym for over a year now , and always felt a little uncomfortable with the short I used , I searched for something like this locally but was unable to find anything , or too expensive.This are great for the gym or just hang around the house , extremely light to wear and very fresh as well , the microfiber lets air breeze in just fine . There is no pockets which is fine for the gym , but a little annoying .
 great fit and extremely comfortable . These are loose fitting and very flexible . The are easy to clean , too . They are stylish too .
 This is the most comfortable pair of shorts I have ever owned ! They are silky smooth and they feel like I am not wearing them at all -LRB- and my wife loves them on me too ! -RRB- The only downside is that they do not have pockets . Under Armour has created a newer version of these shorts which I also own and highly recommend !
 I really would love to buy another pair of these active shorts just in case they decide to quit making these , because I really love'em .
 these were a decent price at 15 bucks and they arrived in 2 days ... however my son was n't impressed and he said mom `` they are just another pair of shorts '' we needed the green color , so that is a plus . decent , but not perfect .
 I purchase Under Armour gear for my husband each Christmas . We have yet to be dissatisfied with their products . Highly recommend .
 The shorts came in a timely manner and were the usual good Under Armour quality .
 Item arrived in new condition , packaged nicely , invoice enclosed and on time ! No complaints .
 Bought this product , have used it every week for soccer games , excellent feel , keeps color and shape .
 These workout shorts are not only very comfortable but let you breathe as well . I love them . They are lightweight but very durable too .
 These are great ! Very comfortable . I am 6 ' 3 '' and the XXl were almost too long -LRB- just this side of gangster - but OK -RRB- . I wear them all the time . Great for working out1
 Three things : Feels almost weightless ; always dry ; never catches . The best running -LRB- or just lounging around the house -RRB- pants currently made .
 Warning
 very comfortable shorts . great material . i run w / these shorts . and , i like them .
 I have several of these shorts . Yes , they are top notch exercise shorts , but more importantly for me is that they are great lounging shorts and the most comfortable pajama bottoms you can wear . The moisture wicking effect means that you will be comfortable throughout the night and still be ready if the kids decide to jump in bed with you and yours . As soon as I am sure that I am not going out again I change into these and a UA tee shirt . Try it , you will never go back to traditional pajamas again .
 My son loves these shorts . They are durable yet light in weight . They suit his active life style which includes weight lifting , martial arts and sports conditioning for football . You ca n't go wrong with them .
 The shorts are great for working out or just lounging around at home . Super thin and very lightweight . Running is a breeze with these .
 I ordered this sweatshirt for my son for Christmas . The quality is very good and it washes up very well . He likes it , so I am a happy mom .
 This is a quality sweatshirt . I accidently put it in the dryer and it did not shrink ! the reason I only gave it 4 stars was because the sleeves and around neck & hood seemed a little small for the size . My son loves it and wears it on game days .
 Very prompt -LRB- same day ? -RRB- shipment . Exactly as advertised and good quality merchandise . Unfortunately , it was not a good luck charm for the Seahawks , but was not advertised as such ;-RRB- I would recommend this buyer .
 Because I am a passionate gardener and renovating our house I wanted a tough durable watch for day to day wear that also looked good . Because I am an insomniac , I wanted to be able to tell the time in the dark.Surprisingly there were very few women 's watches that fitted all my needs and in a price range where I felt that they would last more than six months.It looks stylish , it feels comfortable and so far has kept excellent time ... but ... Even after a short time away from a light source , it impossible to see the time in the dark . The women 's watch has been scaled down to a degree where the the illuminating material on the hands is such a thin line that it is almost invisible . Also , the second hand has a large dot on the reverse end -LRB- the end not pointing to the numbers -RRB- and in the dark this is more visible than the hour hand.Even so , I will continue to buy and to recommend Momentum watches as the workmanship is of such high quality.I will just wait till they fix the luminosity before I buy again .
 Bought this to replace the one my son had that did n't fair well when the dog played with it ... Adorbale ball & perfect size for toddlers to handle
 I gave this ball to a little boy for his first birthday . It is the perfect size for a toddler and six months later has held up really well and gotten a ton of use . The dinosaurs on it are an added educational bonus .
 I am on a quest to avoid buying toys made in China whenever possible and avoid buying toys containing BPA , phthalates , and PVC . I ordered this ball for my 7 month old baby because it is a brightly colored , simple rubber ball . I should have researched where it was made before purchasing it because I know now that it is made in China . That being said , my baby really likes this ball and I can see him playing with it for a while . It is a good size ball for a baby . If you do n't mind that it is made in China , the materials are supposed to be safe and it is a fun toy for a baby .
 I purchased this ball for my son after a long search for a rubber ball free of PVC and other carcinogenic plastics . This ball is the perfect size for a little one . He can throw , roll , kick , and bounce this ball with ease . He loves it , and the dinosaurs with names all over it are a nice , educational touch .
 My 8 month old son LOVES this ball . He plays with it forever and it has longevity ; he will be able to use this toy for a long time because it is durable .
 I bought a can of this years ago - I 'm honestly not sure how many years . 4 ? 5 ? More ??? At any rate , I 've been hauling it around on every ride and never needed it - until today . My tire went flat 5 miles from home . I shook the can , filled the tire , and hoped for the best . It got me all the way home and it 's still inflated , so that 's worth 5 stars in my book . Now I want more and it 's unavailable . Bring it back , please !
 I carried a can of this around on my road bike for three years without having a flat . Then I bought a mountain bike and got a flat in the first week . I did n't think the can would still work after three years of being bounced around in the desert heat , but it instantly put about 30 pounds of pressure in the tire and it 's still good 3 days later .
 Finally a marker that my husband does n't pick up and keep in his pocket . Nice flat marker and the pink color is very pretty
 If you like large , easy to find in your pocket , markers , these are great . Color is important to me and these are a hardy pink . Really love em ... so does my twelve year old granddaughter !
 Not much to say about this product . It does what it is supposed to do . There are only 12 markers , but I knew that when I bought it so I 'm not going to take a star away for that .
 These ball markers are great and inexpensive . The Amazon description does n't give much information so I will try to add some in my review.The package came with 12 neon colored plastic ball markers . My package came with 2 purple , 2 lime green , 2 dark green , 2 blue , 2 orange , and 2 pinkish colored markers . The markers a made of a clear plastic with `` china '' written on them.These ball markers are cheap enough that you wo n't be mad if you forget them on the course .
 It does the job ... very well ; and with the cost , you can lose several in a round ... which my 9 year old does with regularity ...
 I bought these recently for an adventure race involving a lot of water and mud . I used the larger one for a big map folded in half , the mid size for a information book , and the smaller for a cell phone -LRB- I bought several different variety -RRB- . All three bags worked flawlessly being submerged completely under water at several occasions and through multiple zippings and unzippings . These are a very high grade of plastic and are constructed very well . These are n't anything like the space bags I have that ca n't hold a seal for more than 15 minutes .
 These are a great waterproof bag . I use them in a SplashCaddy map case for adventure racing . If you are n't aware , you will want to remove the printing on the bag with rubbing alcohol before use.My biggest complaint about the bags is it seems like UV deteriorates the plastic . After a couple years the bags were foggy and hard to read a map through . They were still perfectly waterproof , but no longer useful to read a map .
 I ended up using this bag as my main wallet for my whole vacation . I got three of them , and one of them got damaged by some keys or something in my pocket , so I switched to one of the others . It still did n't leak , but it had little bumps on it like the plastic was stretched . Nothing ever got wet in any of these bags the whole trip . I was careful to seal it properly every time , and I did n't get sand in it . It was just big enough to hold my passport , some cash , atm receipts , etc. . Now that I 've tried them , I 'll probably get more in some of the larger sizes . Just as convenient as my usual zip-lock bags , but way more durable .
 The two multi packs are not clear which size bags you get . The amazon description is the same.The SMALL MULTIPACK has the following sizes . 5x4 .75 '' , 4.4 x7 .25 '' , 6.5 x6 '' , and 8.75 x6 '' . The LARGE MULTIPACK is as follows 4.4 x7 .25 '' , 6.5 x6 '' , 8.75 x6 '' , and 12x12 .5 '' . These are all outer dimensions . Inner dimensions seem to be 1/4 -3 / 4 '' smaller depending on long side versus short side , size accordingly . The First measurement is usually a 1/4 '' smaller and the second quoted dimension is usually 3/4 '' smaller . For example the 5x4 .75 '' bag is internally 4.75 x4 '' . Hope this helps .
 I 've used aloksaks many times , mainly for keeping electronics and maps dry while kayaking and adventure racing . They work well if you follow the instructions on the bag . They tend to scratch easily , which is n't a problem unless you 're trying to read a map that is inside one.I have had a few of the zippers rip away from the rest of the bag , which is kinda a problem , but that is usually because I am rough with them.It 's worth noting that if you want to get rid of the black lettering on the outside of the bag , use a paper towel and some rubbing alcohol and they rub right off ! Again , useful if trying to read a map through the bag.All in all a good bag , but you may need a few extras on hand due to the average to poor durability . Spend the extra money , do n't use a regular ziplock bag , or your goods WILL get wet .
 When placing Aloksak inside your checked in luggages -LRB- where your luggage get 's squeshed pretty hard -RRB- avoid putting rectangular metal objects like a spare battery -LRB- PDA , Cell Phones -RRB- as the edges of these objects would cause pin holes - this happened to me but the seller sent me a replacement . So 4 star for excellent customer service .
 I bought these to take hiking and backpacking , particularly because they were purported to keep whatever is outside the bag out , and whatever is inside , inside . Well , these bags definitely did the trick ! Warning - this next part may be considered gross to some , but it will give you an idea of how REALLY good these bags are . We take our dog hiking with us where allowed , and wanting to be good stewards of `` leave no trace '' we feel obliged to take our dog 's droppings out with us . In the past , Ziplocs and everything else we tried , just ca n't contain the smell , but the ALOSAK bag rocked ! And no one had to carry the bag , it went right into the pack no problem . And upon arriving home , washing the bag and putting out in the sun to dry , you 'd never know what little `` presents '' it contained . Another warning though , it does keep the inside stuff inside - all of it , so I was nearly fainted over the stink when I opened it , but it did n't stink outside the bag ever . -LRB- We marked this bag , so it will only ever be used for this single purpose -RRB- Other things we used the bags for were trash , cooked chicken , toiletries and other potential leaky , stinky disasters . And putting the bag of cooked chicken into a stream not only cooled the contents nicely , but no water seeped into the bag so they will work phenomenally well inside a cooler with ice . While the original purpose was for hiking and backpacking , we 're now using these for travel too because the leak and odor-proofing are so amazing ! Plus they 're clear , so they are great for getting through airport security . While these are n't inexpensive , they are immensely more useful and economical than Ziplocs or other bag-type containers .
 I bought these recently for an adventure race involving a lot of water and mud . I used the larger one for a big map folded in half , the mid size for a information book , and the smaller for a cell phone -LRB- I bought several different variety -RRB- . All three bags worked flawlessly being submerged completely under water at several occasions and through multiple zippings and unzippings . These are a very high grade of plastic and are constructed very well . These are n't anything like the space bags I have that ca n't hold a seal for more than 15 minutes .
 I like using these bags to keep my backpack/computer-case sorted a bit ... toiletries , first aid , whatever.These make great gifts too ... sturdy , thick , feel like quality.I have not actually dunked anything -- or had to -- but I feel like these bags would do the job ... I like them because they hold up pretty good over time as organization pouches .
 Great bags for their intended purpose . They are much thicker/stronger than a ziploc type bag , and they do give you sense that there 's a very positive seal . However , if your intent is to get a bag to contain odors , this is not the bag . Look for smelly-proof brand bags , or stink-sack which they carry on amazon . These definitely work for odors .
 Works as described.great for snowmobile registration and cell phone at the beach . Seal easy very durable and convenient sizes . Small enough to take anywhere just in case
 I came across these 4 years ago at the 2010 SHOTSHOW . Their display was impressing , the quality and design of the product is what sold me . You can store an iphone in one , dial , speak and it stays dry .
 I put my iphone , $ $ , credit cards , in this pocket and use it as a mobile wallet in my bike jersey , ski pocket , rain coats . Re-usable and perfect !
 I just bought these for long term storage so I doubt they will truly be tested . They seal tight I thought the plastic would be a little thicker but its not bad . The only bad thing I could see that the seams could come apart if you mistreat it . Overall I would say it 's worth the money . Plus they are made in America so that 's a bonus .
 Works great for keeping my cell phone dry and free of dirt and dust and sand . At the beach , gardening , painting , caulking , even in the kitchen . You can hear , talk , and swipe the phone through it with no problem . It 's a little large for the phone , but the smaller size would be too small , I think . The sleeve does get scratched up and turns cloudy , but that 's cosmetic . For the price , I plan to just replace it every 2 months or so .
 Several years ago I was caught in monsoon rains . I was wet to my skin -LRB- my shoes shrank ! -RRB- The passport in my pocket was soaked thru as well . While usable the passport quickly became so tattered I started having trouble crossing boarders.Since thenI always carry my new passport in an aLokSak bag.A bag will last a few month before the zipper becomes detached from the bag 's body . If you only travel occasionally three bags will last you a long time .
 Update
 The Aloksak bags are basically a super heavy duty Ziploc bag . They seem to be well made and should be perfect for putting together several small waterproof first aid kits for backpacking and other outdoor uses . I wanted something light and durable and I think these fit my needs perfectly .
 These bags live up to the description 100 % . Touch screens work fine through them , however , when the bag is underwater they 're not completely functional due to the water temperature . Also using a camera with flash leads to some distortion in the images from the reflection of the plastic , but these issues have nothing to do with how the bags themselves actually perform . Completely waterproof and solid .
 These bags were wonderful on a recent trip out of the country . I used them to wash clothes in , and that worked perfectly . No leaking and sealed tightly .
 These bags have the old style `` press and close '' locking system . It is quite easy to make sure they 're closed as there are obviously wrinkles in the closure when it 's not closed.If it were n't for the material , I would say these were n't any better than ziploc.However , the material on these bags is slicker and less porous than Ziploc so they do n't seem to get as dingy . It is not , however , any thicker than ziploc .
 These bags are a must have for outdoor types.They are lightyears beyond a regular freezer bag.I used mine in an everyday bag and in my first aid kits.Make sure to buy extras , because you will find so many uses for them .
 These are nice and I ordered a variety pack . I only used the one size so far but if the rest are the same this is a great buy for many uses .
 I have used these bags for Adventure racing for over 10 years . I can get several uses out of the bags before I retire them for keeping odds and ends organized . Very clear and able to read map details through . Very durable , and never had one leak yet . -LRB- but then again , I retire them after several uses , and do n't push them -RRB- . Only downside is the cost , as these things are expensive , especially when your doing a multiday race , and have 5-7 loksaks with your topo maps in each one . One tip I would give fellow AR ` ers is when you are sealing them , just before you zip the final 1 '' , suck the air out of them . They will pack down much smaller .
 I am a passionate fly fisherman . My avocation takes me all over the world -- places where cameras , SAT phones , GPS 's and documents all get wet ... and ruined.For years now , I have relied on Aloksak bags -LRB- and packets of dessicant -RRB- to keep the important stuff dry . At any given time , I have half a dozen on board my flats boat in the Florida Keys.The bags are all they claim to be . They are the ultimate alternative to Zip Lock freezer bags!If only the platic was a wee bit thicker !
 They work really well and are made well . However , I bought the large size assortment and there were no sizes published . When they arrived only one was large the others were rather small .
 you get 3 bags in an order if you get the small size . I can not vouch for the other sizes.these bags are 3 or 4 times thicker than an average ziploc bag . Their zip seal is sturdy but easy to open . The bags are resistant to punctures thanks to the material 's thickness . They keep in odor very well .
 These things work and that is that . Best way to use them is put your stuff into one of the bags , roll it and seal it . Then place that one into another `` sak '' . They will float in water , let zero moisture in , and keep everything safe . You do n't even have to double bag them but I do anyways because they are a thick plastic , but I fear my car keys could possible poke through one layer . You never know . I keep these in my SCUBA bag and even with all that equipment there have been no rips or tears . If I could make one suggestion for improvement it would be that there is no way to secure these things to yourself . I keep them inside a zipper pouch , but without that your stuff could float away .
 Great product with myriad uses . I found it very helpful for doing hand laundry in places where it was inconvenient to use a drain stopper . You put a little soap in the bag , add water and your clothes , and then agitate and let soak for as long as necessary . Rinse under running water and you 're done . I do n't think a standard Ziplock would have stood up to that treatment .
 i purchased these waterproof bags based on the amazon reviews and also after seeing them at a local sporting goods store . i tested them as advised on the package and they work -LRB- in the sink . . -RRB- ! they appear durable and well constructed . the only drawback was that the size of each bag was not listed in the ad . i also am interested in the large collection but would like to know beforehand the dimensions of each ...
 these work , keep my ipad dry when i am floating around my pool , but the material is sometimes difficult to use the ipad
 I bike commute to work , and use one of the 4.5 X 7 bags for my Droid Bionic smart phone . It 's perfect . Keeps condensation from building up inside the phone , and waterproofs it when it rains . The touch screen on the phone is still perfectly functional for texting while the phone is inside the bag . Durability of the bag is good , and it does n't take up any more room in my pocket than your average sandwich sized zip lock bag .
 1 Star missing due to only receiving a partial shipment , did n't even know they can do that ! Ordered the 12x12 set the bags that arrived are great ! The only down side so far has been the black writing on the bags . It does block info on maps , as only one side is free from the writing . The plastic seems like it either has uv protection or it 's just a tinted bag when you first look at it your like this is not a clear bag at all . But once the map was inside it was fine , no problems seeing it at all . I put 2 maps inside so the most frequent one is on clear side and the other had to be creatively folded for use on side with writing on it . But nice to have back to back maps in a protective plastic bag that is fold-able as well . It takes a little work to fold a full state map to the section you need . Other trail type maps fit with no trouble at all . Overall very happy with them , just wish I could have gotten the full order of 3 instead of 2 . They will fail due to use , folding & unfolding etc , but probably not for sometime . Would purchase again , but probably would look for ones with little to no writing on them for use with big state maps .
 I use these in my bug out bag , keeping things organized and water sealed . These things are made tough , seal well , and come in many good sizes . A must have .
 There is nothing better than peace of mind . That is what Loksak provides when I bring my iPhone sailing . I can send texts , make phone calls , and even take pictures without removing the iPhone from the Loksak .
 I ordered these to go on a trip to Hawaii & they proved a great buy . One size was perfect for an IPhone . Since we were at the pool & the beach everyday it was great to put certain items in the waterproof bags so I could put them in our beach bag without worry of these items getting wet . They work great .
 Does its job . Keeps stuff dry . Little pricey , but worth it , depending on how valuable the item in the bag is . I 'll buy more when needed .
 The measurements given are outside measurements , including the area beyond the zip . So the bags hold less than you think.Subtract an inch for the zip , and you will have a better idea of size . The bags seem very sturdy and leak proof .
 As described , thick , sturdy water and airproof . Will order more . I use with confidence for photography gear and documents .
 I use some of these bags on every trip . They do an excellent job of keeping various toiletry items from messing up luggage . I have successfully contained a shoe polish leak and soap leak within these bags . Also great for tooth paste , soap , lotion , etc. .
 When travelling to a mountain or ocean destination , these bags come in handy storing cell phones , camera , ipad , and numerous other items you do not want damaged from the elements
 These are just perfect for travel . I got them for my phone , my e-reader , etc. when we went to the beach . They are not very thick so you can read/work through them . Please note
 I have used these on ATV rides in Alaska , 100 + mile kayak trips , and multi-day hunting trips . They are awesome . They have kept my phone , keys , wallet , and what ever else I could think to stuff in them dry and safe . I absolutely love these bags .
 Save yourself a bundle and get these for your iPad instead of those prices waterproof cases . The size is perfect-big enough to easily slide in and out , but tight enough that you do n't have extra plastic flapping around . I 've been using one of these for months now for using the iPad in the bath . The touch screen works normally and the plastic is nice and clear .
 I was originally hesitant to purchase the 9X6 inch size ALOKSAK as there is another reviewer that states their Kindle wo n't fit in this size.Well , my Kindle Keyboard 3G * does * fit and the bag zips closed.I have placed the KK3G in the sack all by itself without any covers or add-ons . There is enough extra room to manipulate all the buttons -LRB- volume rocker , power switch , page turn buttons etc. -RRB- I have not yet tested it at the beach , but it seems that it should do a great job keeping sand and water out . The quality of the bag material and the zipper closure is substantially better than using a zip-lock bag . The cost is a little high in my opinion , but the degree of peace of mind makes it worth it .
 Bought it before my cruise trip and found it really useful throughout the trip . Fully water proof . I highly recommend .
 These bags are exactly as listed , strong and well made . They are great for protecting weapons stored for long periods in uncontrolled climate lockers or safes .
 I used these bags to neatly separate , waterproof and organize my rucksack . I used the smallest one and made a really nice first aid kit . These bags are of high quality and seem extremely durable . If I have any problems with them down the road -LRB- or trail -RRB- I will update this review .
 Need a waterproof bag that wo n't fail like a Ziplok ? Grab a 4-pack of the ALOKSAK bags and rest assured your cell phone can survive white water rafting with no problem . A + + + +
 these bags are great !! i have bought several different sizes for my hiking stuff . i used them to store all my first aid supplies in . thick heavy duty construction makes me think they wont rip with continued use .
 I 've been using these bags for the last few years to read my kindle -LRB- first gen then the kindle keyboard -RRB- in the tub . It 's saved my kindle from being ruined from splashes several times . After awhile they tend to get cloudy and deteriorate , but with daily use it seems to last for a few months each . I use the 9x6 for the kindle keyboard . I have tried it with the touch kindle , but that is a little frustrating because the touch goes a little wonky in the bag .
 Thgse bags are just as great at all the internets say . I 've used the big one to cover my kPad while I 'm in the POOL , and the smaller ones to keep liquids from escaping during travel .
 I like the available sizes , and they seem to be of very good quality.I have n't tried them out yet , but I can see them doing their job.Once I have the moment to try them out , I 'll update the review and add the missing star .
 We use these to store things on trips and put food in for our emergency bags . BPA free !! You will have to test each bag for leaks before filling with food or any other items .
 it is cheap but good.i never thought i can buy a lock so cheap but tough enough.the key is safe .
 This product is strong , secure and being used to secure luggage while traveling on a train . It arrived ahead of time and is a great value .
 When we moved our daughter from a baby seat to a Novara Afterburner we had to remove the rear rack on our Wildwood Tandem . But we still needed to take along some gear on our bike rides . The Topeak TourGuide Handle Bar Bag DX has proven to be more than an adequate solution . The mounting instructions are not too difficult to follow , and there is an ingenious system with a cable that wraps around your handlebars and prevents the bag from sinking down.This bag has two main compartments , a couple of side compartments , a rain cover , and a clear plastic holder for a ride map . All and all it is a very useful piece of equipment and I highly recommend it .
 First off I should mention that I use the bag because I commute to work each day . I like ahaving all my essentials in the handle bag bag . This leaves my trunck bags free for anything I may meed to cartry . If I go into a store the front bag comes off quickly and I do n't have to worry about leaving anything valuable on the bike.Overall I found the bag to be excellent . The instructions is pictures with minimal text to make it univerally understandable . They were not bad , but I had to look them over a few timess to make sure I got the pieces lines up correctly . Once mounted the bad is nice and secure . I am pleased with the quality of the bag and the over all size . There is a packet on the front that ends up being much bigger than expected . I can hold a spare inner tube , patch kit , small tool kit , a wrench and a spoke tool all in there and there is still room to spare . The map pocket it also very handy and can be held in place in various ways due to its use of velcro . This has come in handy as sometimes I have a small map and sometimes I need a larger map holder . Thjere is also a rain cover that fits nicely , but have not yet had the need to test its effectiveness in holding out rain . Over all I am very pleased with the product and would recommend it to others . The only minor complaint is that the quick release is little hard to operate , btu after using the bag a few days I have gotten the hang of getting the bad of quickly and easily .
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 I 've been using this lock steadily now for a couple of months , and I have nothing but praise for it . First , the lock itself is easy to set and use . The number dials move smoothly , and the numbers are large and clear and easy to read . Second , the cable is relatively long compared to most bike locks I see and allows you to wrap it easily around thicker poles/trees , or lock several bicycles together . Third , the velcro straps make it very easy to attach the lock to your bike to store while riding . -LRB- After trial and error , I discovered it worked best on my bicycle to strap it to the handlebars . -RRB- Would this lock stop a determined thief with heavy-duty bolt-cutters ? Probably not , but little would . For the price , I think this lock is an exceptional value and highly satisfying .
 In NYC you need a good strong lock for your bicycle . The cable is strong , and the combination lock can not be picked . I highly recommend it .
 So far , this cable lock has kept my bike safe from other college kids at school . I use it to protect my Schwinn mountain bike . So far , so good .
 Bought this to have for my new bike . This is a very solid product and I feel it would do what it is intended to do .
 Quick moving shipment , communication , pricing , and follow up communication make for a great buying experience!Thank you very much !
 FIrst things , first . If a bike thief really wanted your bike , he 'll get it no matter what kind of lock you have . Think of bike locks in general as just a `` deterrent . '' That being said , I only use this lock for use on quick errands and areas of high foot traffic . If you plan on leaving a bike anywhere long , I 'd suggest a U-lock in conjunction with a cable lock.I 've had another combo cable lock in the past . This one is the best . The combo was so easy to set . I like the use of a combo lock since I never have to worry about losing a key . The only way I can lose my combo is if I lose my mind . The lock mechanism has great engineering/machining by the way the combo numbers spin and the way it smoothly locks together . The length is perfect for locking up your quick-release wheels . This comes with two velco tethers to securely keep the lock together instead of just one .
 Altogether , this is a well-put together lock . I like the fact that it has a changeable combination and requires no tools to do so , just a little lever on the inside mating face . Considering the thickness of the cable , the thickness of the lock = pin seems a little on the wimpy side . still , I twisted and yanked as hard as I could on the thing and nothing happened to it . The lock has an intimidating look to it as well . I 'd say that if you 're in anywhere but a notorious high-theft area , this lock will work well for you . It 's pretty light weight . Just do n't count on it not being cut by a large pair of bolt cutters if you ride in really bad areas .
 Does the job well and slightly easier to use -LRB- visibility of numbers -RRB- than the more expensive No. 1 brand I also bought . Price unbelievable right now .
 I hate carrying keys , hence I opt for any lock that is keyless . I love this one . The combination dials are sweet to roll , the lock is swift to articulate , and the length is good such that I lock my bike and my wife 's together . This lock does all that I need . Not that anyone has tried to cut it and steal the bike , but I think is will give them some difficulty and someone will probably notice he is a bike thief . Also , I believe it looks serious enough to deter any petty bike thief . I do n't know about a serious bike thief in an isolated place with your bike . For that scenario , I suggest you get and insurance : -RRB-
 I bought on-line sight-unseen . This cable lock is larger than the picture appears . Excellent quality for the price and I like the ability to set the lock to any combination/code . I was planning to coil it up and carry it in my seat-bag , but it 's way too big . However , I 'll find another use for it . Except for the professional thief , this thing should deter most criminals and send them looking for an easier target.This company makes good stuff!Rob
 I bought this lock because I needed a lightweight lock to travel with . Judging from the picture I thought the cable would be easy to cut with bolt cutters . That is not the case with this lock , since the cable is encased in a hard plastic shell.So if a thief is carrying bolt cutters strong enough to cut this lock/cable , then guess what , the thief is going to steal your bike no matter what kind of lock you have with you .
 Robust and easy to use wire lock . I use it to lock down my bikes on my bike rack and it does the job .
 This little phone pack works great , and I think it must have been designed for the Motorola RAZR , because it fits the phone perfectly . I also recommend theTopeak Compact Bike Handlebar Bag . It provides the perfect place to attach the phone pack .
 I had to remove old brackets from our jet ski trailer and install these to raise one ski up so it would n't hit the fender . The old brackets were not adjustable but were fixed and solid . These are working and we have n't had problems with them but I did worry about them slipping and lowering the boat where it could get scratched or damaged . I actually went to the trouble of having a third 2 &#34; x 2 &#34; bar welded on the trailer and bought another set of these brackets to add more support.These may work fine for you . Our jet skis are the more modern type that weigh over 800 pounds each . Older skis might be only 400 pounds so in that case I think these would be fine .
 I would n't even call it a blanket , it 's more of an all purpose matt . It is so silky soft and durable . My 14 month old son tries hard to dirty it at times , but it 's really easy to wipe off , and it 's easy to tote around b/c it folds nice and is so compact . We use it everywhere -LRB- grass , sand , on concrete @ Disney -RRB- , it 's nice that it 's waterproof and I think it 's thicker than a traditional blanket . I also love the chocolate/pink stripes , the picture does n't do it justice ; it 's really beautiful . This blanket is awsome !!!
 This padded blanket is thick enough to pad whatever you are sitting on , plus heavy enough not to blow in the wind or get wadded up under wiggly people . Just shake the sand off , or wipe off any spills . -LRB- The only thing that stained it was red clay from a lake . -RRB- It 's perfect for the little babies at the park or beach , but it 's also great for adults and big kids . The only draw back is that it is n't light to carry , but it folds neatly and easily and comes with a great strap .
 I completely agree with everything I. Szulewski said ! :-RRB- It could n't be said better . I bought another outdoor blanket which actually has blanket/cloth material on the surface you sit on , which works out great for cold weather days but if you 're at the park or beach EVERYTHING sticks to it and it 's a royal pain to try and get it out . With this blanket , everything slides or wipes right off . It looks great . It 's a great size . It 's compact and folds super easily . HIghly recommend it ! I get it as a gift for everyone having a baby . It 's a must-have .
 I use this mat daily for my `` Baby Bootcamp '' class I take , and I use it mostly in the grass . It is VERY easy to clean -LRB- with a damp sponge -RRB- and is more water resistant than a Tuffo mat . I did n't give it a 5-star because it does n't always fold up easy -LRB- when you fold it up you really have to squish all the air out -RRB- so most of the time I do n't velcro it up closed . I get a lot of compliments on the colors .
 I bought this blanket in the cocoa bubbles pattern and really like how attractive it is and how sturdy it feels . My one year old hopped on it as soon as I unpacked it . He kept crawling to the edge , then back to the middle , and bouncing around to express his approval . I think it will work well at the beach and for any time we are on the grass.Two minor problems
 We go on picnics all summer and this is great ! It 's soft and water repellent so any liquid spills are not absorbed and can easily be wiped off . It 's super cute and easy to store and tote along plus it 's thick enough that even if you do pick a picnic spot with sticks and rocks underneath , you wo n't feel anything poke through.It 's pretty big as far as picnic blankets go and if they were to offer a blanket a few sizes larger , I would buy it in a heartbeat . This sized blanket can comfortably seat 2 adults with picnic meals . 4 adults comfortably if there 's nothing to eat and they 're just keeping their bums dry.It 's not a blanket that will keep you warm , so do n't expect to be able to snuggle up under it or with it - it 's a picnic blanket for sitting , eating and relaxing on . I love it and have taken it to concerts in the park , picnics , festivals , wineries - basically any place where we might want to relax outdoors and not worry about finding provided seating .
 We 've used this blanket a lot in the short time we 've had it . It has served us well for picnics and also for a place for my infant son to play without getting wet or dirty . It wipes clean easily and packs up nicely . The only design flaw is the velcro on the outside of it for keeping it put together ... When the blanket is spread out on the ground the velcro faces the ground and gets seeds and other ground crap embedded in it . I can not think of a better solution that would keep the blanket convenient and one-hand-usable -LRB- other hand holding a baby -RRB- like the velcro , but picking out seeds and such is annoying . Despite that , we are glad we have it and everything else has lived up to the product description .
 I bought this blanket for my 5 month year old son to play on and do tummy time . It 's so soft and easy to fold up to store away . Great for traveling also ! The only thing is that the velcro catches a ton of debris and it 's hard to remove it . Minor thing but annoying .
 I LOVE this blanket ! We bought based on other reviews and I have been so pleased with the purchase . It is a wonderful fabric that is nice to lay on . It feels very silky & the colors are great . Grass , sand , and dirt slip off the top with ease . Very effective waterproof bottom . It is designed with guide marks and a small folding guide that make it a breeze to fold back up . If you are looking for a blanket -- this is a great choice !
 This is exactly what I was looking for . I needed something so that I can sit with my new baby and not have to worry about the blanket blowing all over the place ... This has enough weight in where it will stay where you put it . I did have some concerns that other reviewers where saying about an smell from the blanket . The minute I opened up the packaging , I took a big wiff and I could n't smell anything . So maybe the issue of the smell was fixed , or maybe I lucked out from a production line perspective . Overall I am very satisfied with the quality of this blanket .
 Just received this item today after seeing it at a friend 's house . It is so great and so handy . I noticed another review said the colour really is n't grey ... but this is not the case . Also it is half the cost on amazon than at Toys R Us . It was $ 50 there.worth ordering online . Mulitpurpose not just for babies !
 We are very pleased with this purchase . The design is great . The quality is superb . It 's easy to unfold and use and then easy to fold back up again .
 This is a terrific product -- the bottom is incredibly thick and waterproof , the top is soft and comfortable . While it 's a bit heavy to carry around , it 's worth it . Good for parks , beaches , and is easily large enough for 4 adults to sit on . I compared many outdoor `` blankets , '' and am so glad I chose this one .
 Awesome deal , the quality , the price and the shipment were superb.Easily folds up for carrying with the shoulder straps . If your looking fora way to carry a beach / picnic blanket that is reasonably priced withno hassles and with ease this is what your looking for .
 I bought this item for use at the beach . I lay it down first and then put my towels over it . It is a great item and I 'm glad I have it . Easy to carry and fold up after use , and the sand seems to fall right off when I shake it .
 This is an awesome blanket . It 's actually much more like an all purpose mat . It is padded , very durable and super easy to wipe clean - as a bonus it looks great too . It 's the perfect size for a picnic . My 9 month old crawls around on it daily at the park and it has held up beautifully . The best part is it folds up SO easy and once it 's folded up its nice and compact and fits great in stroller or it also has a strap so you can just throw it over your shoulder . No complaints - very well made product .
 I was n't sure about buying this after reading some of the reviews but it is exactly what I was looking for . We like to play outside and the grass is often wet but with this we can still sit outside and not worry about getting wet ! It packs up easily and over all I 'm thrilled .
 This product is awesome . It is easy to set up , heavy weight/durable , easy to clean off and fold up ! Perfect for day trips and just sitting out in the grass . Easy to carry ! Baby-proof . Stays where you put it , even with babies walking all over it . Great product . Definitly worth the money .
 I love this blanket . It 's perfect size for carrying around . I hang it off my son 's stroller and we can walk around the city but can stop in the park at any time and can unroll it for him to play on . It 's nice also for picnics . We fit 5 adults and my infant on it quite comfortably . I 'm sure it would be great for the beach too . It 's also super easy to clean . It sponges right off . Fantastic product .
 Our friends had one of these and we thought it was perfect for small babies playing outside in the grass - so we got one too ! Much more useful than a lot of our other baby gear . We even took it on a hike last weekend -LRB- it 's a little heavy to bother carrying for 6 miles in hills though , so we probably wo n't do that again -RRB- . The pink an brown colour scheme is very pretty too .
 Great Outdoor blanket , big enough for my little one and I to play on and stay off the grass ! I can not wait to take it to the beach this summer . The wipeable material is great for spills or drool !
 I bought this blanket mostly to use under my three year old 's play table -- so he could paint and play with play dough on top of our new light tan carpet . It 's great for protecting the carpet -- anything on it cleans up easily . My only complaint is that it moves around easily -- bunches up and I have to straighten it out to keep the carpet covered . I 've also used it outside on a cold autumn afternoon for a picnic . Kept grass stains off me and gave us a nice bit of insulation from the cold ground . Despite the tendency to bunch up when on top of a carpet , I 'm really glad I got it and would certainly recommend it .
 It is totally waterproof and easy to fold up and it also fits great on the handles of my Bob stroller ... It was a worthwhile purchase . .
 Great to have in the back of the car for the summer events that you 'll find yourself at , and random trips to the park . It 's so compact , and very resistant to water . -LRB- Just do n't sit it a puddle ! -RRB- It dries really quickly too . I have n't washed it yet , I have n't needed to ! I 'd buy this again !
 This blanket is great ! Most meaningful to me is that it 's waterproof , so even if the ground is wet , I 'm not . It 's pretty easy to spot clean with a wet wipe , but you can also put it in a commercial-sized washer -LRB- I 've yet to do this -RRB- . Folds compactly and has a carry strap .
 We were tired of always bringing around blankets for pinics and park days . We saw one of these in action at a birthday party and fell in love.These things are awesome!Pros : - Never have to bring a blanket again-They can wipe clean-They are water proof-Easy to wash-They are so easy to travel withCons : - I just wish they were a little bigger , we had to get two
 This was extremely useful when I first had my son . It lived in the car and went to the park , the beach , as well as the garden . Easy to roll and unroll with one hand if you have to hold the baby too . Colours are n't too bright nor yucky and it looks like it will last many more years .
 I love this blanket . Colors are great , and very cute . I ca n't wait till spring and get some good use of it at the park !
 I use this for picnics , and it 's terrific . The dirt and grass brushes right off , and it folds into a compact carrying case . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Great waterproof blanket for a picnic , for the beach , for anything outdoors . It is portable , easy to clean , and multi functional .
 Easy to fold with a stiffer panel to use as your guide to fold it up perfectly every time . Easy to wipe off . We LOVE it !!!
 Got this blanket for the beach . It was perfect . It folds up quickly and stays in place better than most blankets or towels . It also did n't get hot in the sun . Once we got home , we just cleaned it off with the water hose and it was as good as new .
 Folds nice , stays put in wind , nice size - just wish it did n't smell so toxic/smelly . Smell is better after washing though .
 This blanket is awesome !! We use it often outside - it 's easy to fold up and transport . We like it so well , we purchased 2 .
 i have n't played a whole lot with it , but i have seen it like the color . material . made for outdoor picnics .
 Love this item ... perfect for baby and family . easy to clean and durable . it works great for our family and we will be buying a second one . .
 The color is pretty and the material for picnic or camping is just great . My family just enjoy it . The only drawback is the belt whcih can not be removed when in use .
 We 've bought several JJ Cole branded items and have always been happy with the quality . This is easy to clean -LRB- wipe off -RRB- and very compact .
 I purchased this item for my baby 's outdoor play in garden . It 's super convenient to fold unfold , and the way it folds keeps the surface clean -LRB- not contacting the flip side which touches wet lawn etc -RRB- .
 I take this with us every time we go on a trip to the coast . It is perfect for sitting or laying on for the beach . Never lets the dampness of the wet sand through and is a lot more comfortable than a towel any day .
 This is an excellent size , easy to clean and very pretty . I use it to take my baby to the park and sit on the grass ! It folds easily and becomes like a hand bag .
 Product is exactly as described . Very simple to use and very portable , not very heavy although it may be a little bulky . Has some slight padding , fits two sized adults fairly comfortably , definitely protects against wet grass , light stains are easy to wipe up . The gray/green color looks exactly like the picture . It served its purpose well .
 If there were 10 stars for the rating system instead of 5 , I would probably give it 9 out of 10 . It 's a great product but it 's not exactly what I was expecting . Yes , it 's big enough for 2 adults and a picnic basket -LRB- not really much more -RRB- . Yes , the handle is nice so it folds into a purse-like contraption for carrying . And yes , the backing seems to keep out the moisture since we last tested it on a moist lawn . But the top material is sort of plasticy . It 's not crinkly cheap plastic , but it 's not comfortable like a soft blanket . I guess there are give-and-takes when it comes to trying to stay dry or using a traditional blanket.I got several other picnic items at the same time on Amazon so check out those reviews as well . And let me know if you find them helpful !
 This is a very easy to use beach blanket , especially when small children are involved . I was able to fold it up while standing with the wind blowing . The strap makes it easy to carry across the body so that your arms are free to tend to other things . My girls got it wet as well as sand on it , I simply shake it off and kept going . I am a large woman and it was able to accomodate myself and my two daughters -LRB- 3 & 4 yrs . old -RRB- , a cousin -LRB- 3 yrs . old -RRB- and a friend in her twenties , we sat . I recommend this blanket due to its compact convenience and durability .
 Its nice thick waterproof backing protects us from dew , dirt , ants , prickle-weeds , etc. . I use it outside in the grass and inside on a carpet or floor -LRB- it 's not padded so remember that if using on a very hard surfaces -RRB- . It easily folds and velcros shut -LRB- you can even do it one-handed -RRB- . The top layer is loose from the base layer so can be a little slippery , but the blanket sewn into 4 sections which helps with that .
 We took this blanket to Hawaii and loved it ! I have a 4 month old , so we laid her down on it on the beach or grass and she could enjoy the outdoors without getting sandy or wet.It is very large , so even folded up , it is bulky , but well worth it in my opinion . I 'll keep it in my car for trips to the park or lake . It cleans up quite easily .
 What a great product . Im so pleased I registered for it and gratefully received it from a generous friend . It is built durably , folds compactly , and promises many enjoyable trips and picnics in the park with baby . highly recommend .
 Such a great product , can be used anywhere to keep kids clean and off the ground . Beautiful colors and it rolls up and stores so easily . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is that it is n't all that easy to clean . Just a wipe wo n't get dirt or food stains off . And there is a harder plastic piece inside that helps with the roll up of the mat - after a year or so it lost flexibility and stays curled up a bit , just a slight tripping hazard for little kids , but still totally worth the money . One of my favorite gifts to give new moms at baby showers .
 We needed something that worked on wet grass and this is just the right blanket . I constantly get comments from people asking where they can get it .
 I bought this a couple weeks ago to use at my sons football practices.I have a one and 3 year old and I love it ! love it ! . It 's easy to fold up , and very easy to clean , material is soft and very pretty . I 'm very pleased !
 Beautiful colors . Nice with attached carry case . Will be perfect on a picnic if the mosquitos ever leave Maine .
 I love this blanket and use it at least 3 times a week . It 's so nice for the park and other play dates we may attend . It washes up very easily and nicely in the washer and then hang to dry . All my mom friends want one after they see how nice my blanket is and how we do n't get wet because it 's so thick and waterproof . This a great shower gift too !
 Great find ! the lining is so soft and the outside is waterproof . the strap is great for attaching to my stroller so I always have it around just in case we end up in the park . my only complaint is that its a little heavy , but what can you do ? not sure you can get a blanket that 's such a nice size and of such high quality that its n't going to have some heft to it !
 We bought this blanket for our vacation to the beach . Our 7 month old daughter loves to be outside . We have found it to be great for spending time in the backyard as well . It is easy to clean and easy to fold and carry . I would recommend this blanket for anyone with small children .
 This blanket is great . I know it will be used for many years . I have an 8 month old and we love bringing this outside and to ball games . No worries about getting wet by dew . Folds up super quick . I LOVE IT !!!!!
 I like the size . It 's perfect to put it both indoors and outdoors . And it 's very easy to clean too.I wish it were slightly thicker . Other than that , it 's beautiful !
 I purchased this item to have a durable outdoors blanket . We 've only used it once so far but that was at the beach and it held up well . Would definitely recommend .
 We used it for the first time today and I absolutely love it ! :-RRB- It 's big enough , not too heavy and easy to fold . I 'm glad I bought it ! : -RRB-
 We took this blanket to the beach and got sand all over it , and it cleans very well . Beautiful color and fabric . I would definitely buy this again . The size is a bit small -LRB- check the dimensions -RRB- , and I wished they offered this blanket in a larger size .
 This blanket is great for damp grass or spills . Cleans easy and has just a slight cushion that helps when sitting on pavement . It looks great and folds up easy for carrying .
 I have used this product almost every day since I got it ! You open it up , and lay it down and my baby and her friends crawl all around -LRB- luckily a few of us have one , so we create one giant area for them -RRB- . It is waterproof - great for when my friends baby spit up all over it - a quick wipe and it was clean . It folds up pretty easily - a bit bulky - but you can get it closed and the carry strap is a nice feature . The size is good for maybe 2 active/crawling babies ... . This item makes a great gift - I got one for my sister and she also loves it for her 2 kids . I plan on using this in the backyard , at the park , at the beach ... everywhere ! Love this blanket !
 This is perfect for a day at the park or a day at the beach . It cleans up nicely and I love how it folds into a bag . It does n't take up very much space at all . I keep it in my trunk all the time ; you never know when it will come in handy .
 My mom wanted a blanket durable enough to handle the chewing habits of our dogs . She came across this one , and besides loving the pattern , the price was hard to beat . She loved it so much , that I had to order 2 more for her . It 's great that easily portable , but she bought it more for it 's durability and she 's very pleased with her purchase .
 We purchased this when my first child was about 5 months old and are still using it -LRB- he is now 3 and has a little sister -RRB- . We initially bought it for indoor use - my son spit up all the time and we got tired of washing blankets ! This was perfect for keeping the floor clean and it was so easy to clean off ! It is also incredibly portable - it folds up so easily and the detachable carrying strap is great . We have used it for countless playdates - both indoors and out - and this mat is still in excellent condition over 3 years later . It has become our staple baby gift for our friends having babies . We are sure to let them know that it is much more than a picnic blanket -LRB- although it is great for that too -RRB- . We can not say enough good things about this product !
 This blanket is fantastic ! I bought this back in May and we got lots of use out of it over the summer . We used it for everything from picnics in the backyard to laying out on the beach . It 's super easy to clean , and nice and big enough for all four members of our family to sit and play on . What I really loved is how the sand from the beach shakes right off , it does n't find its way down into the fibers like towels . The way it folds is genius . It 's super quick and easy , and the strap really comes in handy when you have your hands full.Overall a GREAT product that we will get many , many years of use from !
 I love this blanket ! We 've used it on table tops as a table cloth at rest stops or other public picnic tables . It is so heavy that it does n't blow away . My boys -LRB- 23 months -RRB- sit on the table top and eat . Of course , it is great for picnics on the ground too . So easy to throw in the washing machine when we get home . One problem we had is a snap on the strap broke , but we went to Lowe 's and bought a snap kit . We have n't had any more problems . I love the colors -LRB- on all the options -RRB- , but the red is awesome .
 This product is excellent value for the money . It is small but works very well for picnic and parks . It is easy to fold and clean and takes very less space in the trunk .
 The smell was potent out of the box and did sort of get stuck in my nose for a few minutes , but once I opened up the blanket there was no problem . I even put it up to my nose and smelled it and it was not the greatest smell but definitely not toxic . I used it at the park the next day and could not smell anything bad from it . Not a big deal!The carrying case is convenient and easy to close . Super easy to fold and no problem getting the Velcro to match up and stay secure.Buuuuuut , the main reason I got it was because the grass at our local park is always really moist . I used it there and inevitably water soaked through the blanket where I was sitting and gotmy pants all wet . Kind of a bummer . I 'm not sure if other blankets couldve withstood the wetness of the grass either but who knows.Also , I got the gray/green one but was disappointed at how masculine it looks . Army colorish in real life . Not very gender neutral like I thought it would be . I would 've liked the red stripes or bubble one but those were 3-6 weeks delay in shipping and I wanted the blanket for a park event this week.All in all I thnk it will come in handy and will be convenient to use , just not anywhere really damp !
 This blanket , with its felt side and waterproof opposite side , is perfect for family picnics , lawn concerts or even outdoor events in bad weather when it can be used as a stadium blanket . Folds itself into a large hanging bag with shoulder strap . Perfect for 2 adults , 2 kids and accompanying gear.JJ Cole Collections All-Purpose Blanket , Gray/Green
 So awesome ! We got this as a gift with our 2nd baby and I love it . Awesome when we go to birthday parties for the older one . Can lay the blanket down and all the little ones crawl all over on a clean surface . I love how it folds so nicely , I can even do it with one hand and a baby on the other hip . Highly recommended .
 I had purchased this item perviously for a gift and planned on purchasing one for myself to keep in the car . I had to wait as it was n't available only to be sent the item in a different pattern . The pattern -LRB- stripes -RRB- I received is fine , but definitely not the cocoa bubble pattern that I waited for . As it is n't imperative that I have the cocoa bubble pattern , I am keeping the item I received , but it was a disappointment after having to wait .
 This blanket is ideal for picnics at the park and days at the beach . I use it so often that I keep it in my trunk . It 's a good size -LRB- would easily hold a family of 4-6 sitting up -RRB- , super easy to keep clean -LRB- just wipes off -RRB- , truly waterproof , and folds up easily . I also love the shoulder strap - makes it easy to carry around . Highly recommended !
 I have used this blanket primarily on grass for a clean place for baby to play . It folds easily to a convenient size . I did not find it heavy to carry . I am very happy with this product .
 I bought this after seeing a friend 's , and I love it ! We use it for our 6 month old baby - we have hard wood floors and I 've been looking for something that he can lay on and roll on , but that I can put away when done so we can have our living room back . We use it daily ; I only wish it were a bit thicker because now that he 's rolling over and lifting his head , when he gets tired , he kind of hits his head on the floor . I 've taken it outside , to friends ' houses - you name it . Easy to carry , transport , clean , etc. .
 Our son is the spit up king . Never has bothered him much , but our carpet would tell you different.We bought this to protect our carpet from tidal waves of sour milk , as well as to protect our babe 's sensitive skin from the carpet -LRB- while we could . -RRB- If you get to the spit up relatively quickly , you can wipe it up without having any soak in . It 's definitely not waterproof , but much better than the carpet or a blanket -LRB- which we were washing almost every day -RRB- . It folds up very easy into a what looks like a little bag -LRB- it 's not a bag -RRB- ; it 's a super idea.We -LRB- meaning he -RRB- stopped using this when he started scooting all over the house . I also was skeptical that it may have been inhibiting his learning to crawl because it is so slippery ! It 's sitting in the car trunk now , but I think it will work really well to keep in the car as an outdoor blanket to watch fireworks , etc. .
 I purchased this blanket after sharing one with a friend . I liked it so much I had to have one of my own ! We used it at a kids concert while sitting on the grass . It 's perfect for picnics . I leave it in the car and use it for diaper changes in the car too ! Great product ! Great value ! Multiple uses !
 It 's big -LRB- for an infant -RRB- , it cleans up easy , and it 's relatively cheap . Not unattractive , either . If it just folded up a bit more easily , I 'd give it five stars . As it is , we have n't found a better ground blanket for our babies .
 The blanket is very useful , very easy to fold out and in . We use it at the park and at the beach
 So I bought this blanket with an Easter picnic in mind . Our church always has an Easter celebration at one of our members ' farm and with a 15 month old I figured something to sit on would be great . I ca n't express my delight with this purchase enough . We purchased the red/grey and received so many complements . It was heavy enough that we did n't have to weigh down the corners , but when it was time to go the wet grass wiped right off and it folded up perfectly . What the picture does n't show is that the `` fold '' seams are sewn so you can fold it up perfectly every time . It fit perfectly under the stroller and the built in handle was great after that.This has been one of my favorite , most versitile , purchases in a long time .
 Easy to clean , great size , versatile , fold up to a compact size that is easy to take around . A great purchase !
 As I said before , just what i was looking for , even the people in the street stop me to ask me for detail about the product .
 This is a great blanket . Perfect for the beach , park or backyard . It is very easy to fold . The Velcro is on the bottom so it picks up grass and dirt but overall it is a wonderful blanket . The top fabric is very soft and easy to clean .
 I can use the blanket anywhere , everywhere ! It 's very soft and nice to use . It folds very nicely and can be very compact . It 's a waterproof , so even if the ground is wet , you wo n't be wet at all . The blanket is also very durable and can take some heavy beating . I love this blanket !
 I 've had one of these blankets for 5-6 years . It 's a great blanket . Not good on wet grass . The seat of my pants were soaked after watching my daughters play soccer . Do not use on wet surface the water will seep through .
 This is a must have for all moms . It folds up to easily fit on a stroller . The material is waterproof and perfect for the park or beach .
 This beautiful blanket is useful for picnics , fireworks , any evening event , or any time the grass or ground is damp due to rain or dew.Tiny children love the bubble pattern , toddlers love the comfort of landing on it instead of the pebbled ground , and parents lovethe ease of packing and washing to keep in the car for star-gazing , park lounging or any-time relaxing . Good to go !
 This blanket is large compared to other beach blankets I 've seen , heavy enough to stay down on a windy day , and the sand will shake right off . Exciting !
 It is a must have for any new yorker that has a lot of events outdoors ... or for anyone who enjoys sitting in the park ... good size !! The actual print in the blanket was a little bit different than the one from the picture , but it was still nice !
 My husband registered for this blanket which is more of a soft and flexible mat . And we have used this quite a bit . We have a 4 four year old and twin toddlers and this has had many uses . Naturally we take it with us wherever we go when we know we are going to have to sit and picnic . The best part about this blanket is it is somewhat water proof . Sitting on it on wet grass and you can hardly tell that is wet . But we have also used it as a splat mat for under the highchairs for meal time and art time . The great thing is this blanket is ultra durable and been thrown in the wash several hundreds of times ! It truly is a versatile blanket and a must have for active families . I just wish sometimes that it was bigger as most of our friends also like to take a seat on it when we pull it out on our playgroup activities !
 Like the size of this blanket and the fact that it 's waterproof on the bottom ... easy to carry too .
 This is by no means a blanket , but it is a nice waterproof mat . I like the large size . I bought it to take my baby to the park and have a blanket for the grass at different events . We plan on using it at the beach this summer , I think it would be perfect for the sand . I am afraid the white stripes are going to get dirty . Best feature
 The quality of this blanket is nice and it folds up for easily carry . My only small complaint is that I wish it was a foot larger in both directions . Still , it was worth the price .
 I bought this outdoor blanket over the slightly larger blanket by Tuffo because of the great reviews . I 've only used it outside on the deck a few times , and it works well overall . I would prefer a slightly bigger blanket like Tuffo 's 5 ' x 7 ' blanket and would have purchased the Tuffo if it had n't received multiple complaints about how slippery the surface is . There is also very slight padding , which is adequate . I do use a few baby blankets under my son when he is on the outdoor blanket for extra cushion . Overall , I give it four stars because of that size and because mine has a very strong gasoline-like smell to it .
 I purchased the JJ Cole All Purpose Blanket in the Gray/Green color . I 've used the blanket several times and am very happy with my purchase . I have to agree with other reviewers that the Gray color is more of a dark sage green . Although the color looks different in person , it is really pretty & I like it a lot ! The blanket is so easy to unfold & fold . I can unfold it using one hand & it only takes seconds to fold it back . Something that is not mentioned in the description or on other reviews is that there is a pocket on the outside when the blanket is folded up into the tote . It 's nice to leave in the back of your car & grab when you need it . If I had to change one thing about the blanket it would be to make it a bit longer , but overall a great blanket to use anywhere !
 This is an awesome must have ! I got this a gift while expecting , and it 's on of my favorite things . . Fits perfect under the stroller , or I use the carry strap when we are stroller free . Easy to keep clean and comforatable for the park , outdoor concerts , soccer games , everything ! This is a must have for anoyone that enjoys relaxing out doors !
 This blanket is awesome - grass , sand , dirt , whatever ... now my baby has a clean place to play anywhere we go ! It cleans up well , packs easily , and is soft to lay on . The size is adequate for a few people to sit on it .
 We were looking for a nice multifunction blanket for beach , picnic , pool , etc. and found this . I know the colors are a little off from the photo but I agree with another review I read -- I like the actual color better . Our little girl loves playing on it , rolling around , working on crawling and getting dried off on it after a dip in the pool . And I love the built in fold guides and the carry strap !
 We received the blanket just in time for the beach - and it is wonderful ! No sand , no stains , no fuss . Highly recommend for parents of little ones .
 I love this blanket and we brought it to a beach . My 15 month had a nap on it and it 's definitely softer than a beach blanket . All my friends love it and want to get one .
 I love everything about it . I like the color , pattern , etc. . Very high quality and it 's water-resistant . The fact that it folds to a small `` purse '' is very cool and convenient . Very practical product if you like to do things outside -LRB- park , beach , etc. . -RRB-
 This is a must have blanket especially with kids . We 've used this at the park , on the lawn , for picnics and at the beach . It is easy to clean and dirt/sand brushes off without hassle .
 I bought this blanket just in time for a beach trip based on the other reviews . It is just as they said ... easy to fold/unfold , easy to wipe off , super versatile , attractive . We used it on vacation every day -- on sand , on grass , on pavement , inside . Great product !
 I 'm pleased with the quality of this blanket -LRB- except one area where it looks like it slipped on the sewing machine and pulled the fabric into a near-by seam -RRB- . It 's a good size for two adults or one adult and two kids . And it packs up into it 's own carring case very easily .
 I have a 9 month old daughter and wanted a blanket for picnics in the park , etc. . It 's perfect . Nice pattern , good fabric -LRB- easy to clean and will keep bums dry -RRB- , and a great price !
 The zipper on our old outdoor blanket failed a couple years back so we finally decided to replace it.I ordered the gray/green and really like it.It 's true , it 's not as dark with gray as I expected , but I do n't think mine was completely void of the color.I 'm torn about liking the fact that the top material IS N'T fabric like my old blanket . It makes it less comfy , BUT it also makes it more child-spill friendly.All told , good quality and value for the money .
 A really tough , durable blanket that 's soft -LRB- on the side it needs to be -RRB- and easy to pack up and bring with you . Great price as well .
 I bought this blanket for my baby and me to sit on during my sons ' sports practices and it is awesome . Really high quality , durable , and a great price !
 I go to the beach a lot with my kids and this is great ! It is waterproof ! It feels very soft also , and is a perfect size
 I have purchased several of these , one for myself and others for baby gifts . A lot of mothers we know have these as well . We have used ours for soccer games and most recently at the beach for our little girl who did n't want to sit in the sand . We just hose it off when we are done playing at the beach .
 Perfect for both indoor and outdoor . We use it as bub 's play rug inside , where he can drool and lick and crawl around.For outdoors , it works perfectly as a picnic blanket , keeping everything dry on damp ground.The fabric is easy to clean , it looks great , and the way it folds into a pouch is perfect .
 I love this blanket ! It looks great and it feels great . We have used it for picnics a couple of times already . It was a good purchase .
 Love this picnic blanket , waterproof , easy to fold and carry , durable ! Very happy with my purchase , I can see this blanket will last along time .
 Love this blanket . It is great to have when going out to parks or the beach . There is just enough room for him to crawl around a little . He does seem to want to explore what is just off the blanket , but I did n't figure it would be a way to gate him in while outdoors . The only change to the blanket I would make would be to make a protectve sleeve for the velcro when it is unfolded as it tends to have grass and other debris stick to the exposed velcro .
 I 've been using it for so long !! it 's just perfect!I take to the yard , my mom 's , every beach trip , everywhere!Easy to clean , easy to fold , easy to love !
 This blanket is awesome the back side of is like a hard shell and the top portion you sit on is like a waterproof satin material it 's big and practical and folds up into nothing and has a carrying strap , it 's great and we take it every where we go !
 We just got this and used it at the beach and it worked wonderfully . It was quite windy and it did n't blow over or anything . I did n't have to chase it around . Depending on what you want to use it for it will either be too small or just right . I use this for my 7 month old so I do n't have to worry about her eating the ground . Perfect size for my two kids to sit on . If you want to use it for laying out at the beach then it will be too small . Your legs will likely not fit on the blanket . I was hesitant despite the wonderful reviews because people were complaining about the smell . When I opened the bag there was a slight smell but when I opened it up at the beach it was fine . No smell . There was also some concerns about the velcro . It does unfortunately face the ground so it does pick up debris . Overall I am thrilled with this blanket . Not having to chase it around when it is windy is good enough for me .
 This is a really great blanket for picnics . Their tag line should be the same as Timex ... ` takes a licking and keeps on ... ' My daughter has one that has been through a lot with three boys and has held up to all they have to dish out !
 The quality is good , the bottom lining is thick and durable . Very comfortable to sit on . At the beach , it is very easy to brush off any sand that settles on the blanket . There are 3 sewn vertical creases that make it easy to fold up . The only small negative is that it is on the heavier side , but I think it is because the material is thicker , which is the reason I like it better than other blankets anyway . - Plus2 Plus2Is the Bald Eagle Sleeping ?
 I am super impressed by this picnic blanket . I ca n't say enough good about it . I would recommend it to anyone . Perfect for picnics on wet or damp grass , the beach , whatever ! Nothing sticks to it , it is super easy to wipe off , the top part with the design is soft and comfortable , and it is awesome as its own carrying case . So happy with this purchase .
 Bought this before kids for picnics with the hubby and loved it . Now with a little one I ca n't say enough about this blanket ! Virtually stain resistant ! Most `` stains '' come off with a baby wipe ... a wet towel for worst case scenarios . Love how it folds up neatly and does n't heat up too : -RRB-
 Love this waterproof blanket . Nice and big , and keeps you dry even on a lawn covered in dew . I bought it after I noticed all the moms in my Stroller Strides class using it -- big enough for mom to do ab exercises while baby plays next to her ! I liked it so much I bought a second one for my mother in law who babysits a lot . A must for moms .
 I just got this blanket yesterday & I have to say I 'm very pleased . I sat on it on my living room floor and only had mild confusion when trying to fold it back up for the first time . ;-RRB- I 'd recommend this item ! It 's certainly big enough for a family picnic .
 Wish I knew about this product earlier -LRB- 4 yrs later after my 1st child -RRB- ! My son is now in sports and it 's nice to be able to sit on a blanket that wo n't fly away on a windy day , where you 're constantly trying to straighten out the blanket multiple times w / a younger child who is constantly moving , or get your touche wet on those damp days . It 's really soft material which is great for kids . My 4 yr old also loves it even indoors and pretends he is picnicing . It 's a good size -LRB- could be bigger -RRB- , but just so excited that we can finally use this when we need to . Great quality product and the designs are also nice . This will be on my list as a gift for the next parent-to-be !
 This is great for picnics and other outings . It 's pretty , resistant and cleverly designed to be able to carry on your shoulders . We 've used it a few times already and love it . No complaints here .
 We used it yesterday for the 1st time on the grass , great ! Enough room for mom and baby to play :-RRB- Plus SO easy to fold and carry !
 This is a superb blanket , it should be part of your `` essentials . '' It is high quality , durable , and stylish . I ordered the Cocoa with Bubbles -LRB- for my mom -RRB- and the Gray/Red for myself . The colors were true to what I saw on my monitor . It wipes clean ; spills and spit ups from my baby are not a problem ! I 've owned a similar type blanket before -LRB- do n't remember the brand -RRB- but it was n't as easy to fold as this one nor was it waterproof . Aside from using this blanket outdoors on the damp grass , I also use it indoors for baby 's tummytime . I ca n't wait to head out to the beach soon ! Finally a blanket heavy enough that the ocean breeze wo n't blow away ! -LRB- By the way , it 's not that heavy that it 's cumbersome as others may claim , it weighs less than 5 lbs . -RRB-
 I love this blanket . This blanket folds up compactly so I can leave it in the my trunk . When my -LRB- 9 month old -RRB- son needs to play , we find a park and open up this blanket . It gives him a nice play area , is waterproof and feels good on the skin . The shoulder strap is great when my hands are full .
 my friends own this blanket and we do alot of outdoor concerts with them as well as camp with them and they were really pleased with it so i thought i would give it a shot ... and it 's just perfect for us ! my husband is 6 ' 2 '' and i 'm 5 ' 7 '' and there is more than enough room for the both of us to stretch our legs out . It 's a little heavier than i thought it would be , but not bad .
 This works great as a picnic blanket and to put on the ground to keep baby from getting wet . i love the way it folds up and has a handle and pocket . my only complaint is that it does n't work so well inside on the rug since it slides around on the rug and bunches up .
 I use this for an excercize mat at my Stroller Strides class . It is large enough to share and the babies and toddlers can play on it . When folded the strap fits over the bar of the Bob jogger . Other Mom 's in the class use this also .
 Folds down easily , can be wiped down after heavy use . Can even go in the washing machine . I use it for exercise , picnics , the beach , etc. . Love it !
 From our use , this product will work wonders for outdoor belly time . Very ease to use , and fold up after use , and the blanket is larger than you would expect from the size of it folded up . Thanks .
 I am SO glad that I bought this blanket . I 'm a mother of a 5 month old and he just loves to be outdoors . This blanket is just perfect for our picnics because it 's waterproof so we do n't have to worry about it getting all dirty from the grass or dirt . The size is also great , as my husband , my mother , myself , and my son can sit on it very comfortably at the same time . It folds up really easily and compactly , so we leave it in our car so that we will always have it , and it 's come in handy many times ! I 'd highly recommend this blanket to all families !
 We love this blanket . I have 8 month old twins and it is the perfect , most versatile blanket for the park , beach , friend 's homes , etc. . Wipes clean and folds up easily into convenient carrying bag . I am constantly getting comments from people asking about where they can get one . Get it !
 We play a lot of sports -LRB- frisbee , field hockey , etc -RRB- and bring our kids to the games . Great size , and waterproofing is great . Our 2yo loves it , and now we use it at home , too , to eat outside .
 I bought this a few days ago and use it all the time . It 's great to throw down in the livingroom for the baby because it does n't bunch up since it 's thicker than a blanket . We took it on a picnic today ... it folds up nice and I keep it in the back of my car . You wo n't be upset with this purcahse !
 When the blanket arrived it had such a strong gasoline smell that I had to move it outside . I unfolded it and sprayed it down outside and let it air dry and air out for two days . The smell had not improved . I was set to really dislike this blanket , but eventually -LRB- over about a week -RRB- the smell faded . We used it for a picnic at a very muddy park and we were the only family with dry bottoms ! Clean up was a breeze and I did n't realize it when I bought it , but the little flap that stick out when the blanket is unfolded is the part that will be against your body when you fold it back up so I did n't get muddy carrying it home .
 got this for my wife when we managed to leave our previous zip up picnic blanket at a soccer game ;--RRB- so far she loves it the insert guide that helps with folding makes life easier and it 's heavy enough that light winds and little feet do n't move it around/create wrinkles / and flip parts over .
 Let me start by saying I 'm not normally a comparison shopper . This situation just presented itself to me in a strange internet-glitch type way . When I do make a purchase , I do like to mildly compare before a purchase . So when I was shopping for an outdoor blanket , after looking through various outdoor blankets , I was convinced that the Skip Hop blanket was the one for me . However , according to Amazon , it would take several months for me to receive it because they were backordered . I ended up making an order with Babies R Us ... which was later backordered . It was close to soccer season and I needed one right away so I ordered the JJ Cole blanket because it could be delivered within a week . I 've been using the JJ Cole blanket for over a month now and I could n't be happier with it . It 's very easy to roll out and when it 's time to go , roll back up . The quality is excellent . Well , Monday afternoon , the Skip Hop outdoor blanket showed up on my doorstep and I took it to soccer practice to try it out . Not too impressed . The cooler bag that goes with it is teeny-tiny and you ca n't fit much in it . The zipper makes it more difficult to lay out and fold back up and if you have a baby in your arms , it makes it that much more difficult . The JJ Cole blanket is cheaper in price and better in quality and it 's much easier to use . I highly recommend it and I get tons of compliments on it .
 Bought a different color , blue with brown circles , and got to use for our baby daughter . Just started using now that she is four months and it is a great size . We use it as an indoor playmat , with an emphasis on the ability to fold up quickly and put away compactly , which is necessary in a NYC apartment .
 I have a two month old and I was looking for a blanket that we could use to lie on out in the yard . Most other `` outdoor '' blankets I was looking at had a fleece blend top which , I would believe , would get grass and other stuff stuck on them . My diaper bag is also by JJ Cole and it is wonderful so I thought this would be good quality as well . I have not been disappointed by this product at all ! It is a great size , great material , folds SO easily , easy to carry , and the color is perfect . I went with the gray/red and I love it . I believe this will be used by our family for a long time . It would be great for the park , the beach , even inside ! Worth every penny .
 Disclaimer
 I ordered this blanket specifically for picnics with a significant other and it works perfectly for that purpose . The bottom is a waterproof tarp-like material and the top is a much softer and easy to clean surface . The blanket is overall very comfortable and fills with air making it reasonably soft to lay on . It 's 5 ' x 5 ' , which is big enough for 2 people comfortably and 4 at a squeeze if everyone is sitting.The blanket is very portable which makes it effortless to pack up -- it has 3 seams on the bottom that you simply fold along making a long strip of folded blanket . After folding along the seams , you 'll notice that one side has a thicker chunk of some material hidden in it , allowing you to easily roll it up along the blanket strip . It perfectly folds every time and Velcros tightly into a suitcase-like , easy to carry blanket . -LRB- Some reviewers mentioned that , because it fills with air , folding can take some additional time but it really only takes an extra 10 seconds total to empty the air out while folding . The neatness of the feature is well worth it . -RRB- I 've spilled a variety of juices and crumbs on it that simply wipe off leaving no trail behind . It seems very durable and has a long lifetime , unlike previous blankets I 've used that were 2 or 3 time uses before getting too dirty to comfortable enjoy a picnic on . This is an excellent buy if you 're looking for some more things to do outside .
 My daughter loved it , it was beautiful . she had another of your products and loved it too . Loo forward to doing business with you again
 I love having this to take to the park or event outside . The fabric can just be wiped off and it folds back up easily and nicely . Perfect size for a family of 4 or a couple . I keep mine in the back of my car just in case .
 daughter has three biys and uses this gift at their games and for their picnics . They love the mat . It is used often .
 I bought it even thought there were reviews saying it smelled like plastic . When it came there was no plastic smell and we used it all summer , fall and a little bit in winter as well . Product is easy to fold , carry and the kids are happy to help -LRB- its that simple -RRB-
 I like this blanket because you can sit outside and the morning dew isnt going to get your butt all wet ! The baby sees this as a boundary and tries to scoot off of it : -RRB-
 This is a great blanket to keep in the car or use in your own yard or park . It is very durable and cleans easy . Its material is cool and comfortable , and it is reasonably prices . I have had mine for four years and often buy it as a baby gift .
 I have n't used this blanket yet , but it is exactly what I thought it would be . I love that it folds up so nicely and neatly for carrying .
 This is my second one and we love it . Folds easily , works in grass , sand , hard floors . It also easy to clean off if it gets dirty .
 This blanket is so great ! It is soft and silky on the top , heavyweight and waterproof on the bottom , easy to clean , easy to fold up , easy to transport , and it easily fits our small family -LRB- two adults and a baby -RRB- plus an extra person or two . And the colorful stripes are really good looking , too . I 'm tempted to buy another one to keep in the car so that we never have to be without it .
 Love to gift these blankets with books for the new baby ! So useful and great for indoor/outdoor reading and playtime !
 This is great for on the go events , and having something nice to sit on while outside . It folds up into a bag , so small items for a lunch can be easy to carry and even walk .
 This was exactly what I was looking for
 Love everything about this spread , except the smell . It is new plastic smell that really bothers me . I have wiped it down , and left it outside to air out , but the smell wo n't go away . It is annoying indoors , but you do n't really notice it outdoors . The spread is very big , enough room for several people to play with the baby on it . The material is durable , and very easy to clean . It wraps up very easily , is compact , and has a little carry handle . Overall , enjoy having this product !
 This is a great little product that I bought based on reviews without really knowing I needed it . It comes in so handy ! We use this for our 3 yr old to spread out on during our 7 year old 's many sports events - it is perfect ! We use it at soccer fields -LRB- on the grass -RRB- and baseball stands -LRB- concrete -RRB- . The blanket is slightly padded for comfort and weighted so it stays spread out . Most of the time I end up sitting on it too :-RRB- My little one lays on her tummy watching movies , playing with Play-Doh , having snacks ... it is completely waterproof and nothing sticks to it , so we just shake it out and go ! It folds up easily , closes securely with velcro and has a carrying strap - this is absolutely essential since my hands are full with other things . Great product !
 I love how the blanket folds up into a messenger bag!This blanket is very handy!We keep it in the trunk of our car in case we decide to have a last minute picnic in the park.My mom and younger sister have been on the hunt for something like this and I ended up buying 2 more to give to them . Especially THIS design , they love the color and how flexible it is to fold up and go!It does n't stain that badly either.Just like the instructions note , just use a wet cloth or even those lysol wipes to wipe away anything on the blanket.I like that it has a pouch as well - I place napkins in there in case we spill anything!I HIGHLY recommend this product to everybody !
 easy to carry , sand shakes out easily . A little hard to fold back up , but overall a really good item .
 I keep this in the back of the car or in the stroller since we travel a lot and it has already withstood some serious abuse from my toddler and infant . I love how soft it is for my infant to roll around , crawl or nap on . It 's super to just shake off the dirt or wipe it down whether it 's food or dirt ! It 's a great quality blanket and I feel it will last a good while . The only thing is I wish it was a little more padded but then I suppose it would n't be so compact . ;-RRB- I always throw down a small cushy blanket when the baby naps on it anyways . For most people it should more than sufficient . So glad I got this !
 I ordered this blanket because I wanted something that sand would n't cling to easily on the beach . This blanket was perfect . We used it on grassy areas on the way down to give my 10 month grandson a crawling respite from his car seat . Then we used it every day at the beach . I loved the large size and the fact that sand would shake off of it . I was concerned about washing it since the company recommended a commercial washer but decided to go ahead and wash in my home washer . It came out perfectly . I love the way it folds up easily and to a carriable size . This was just what my family needed on our trip ! I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 only because some debris does stick to the velcro as some other reviewers have mentioned , but it is not much and it washed off great . It never interfered with the folding of the blanket .
 totally LOVE this blanket . Easy to pack up and take with you to the park , beach , or anywhere with a spot to lay . just love this and cant ' say enough ! waterproof , stylish , useful !
 We 've used this blanket indoors and outdoors . It 's perfect for our 7-month old -- good for walking and rolling . It 's very easy to fold up and is a large size . We even bought a second one for the grandparents .
 I found this blanket on a babycenter store and decided to purchase it from here because of the free shipping . I got it fast and I loved it ! It looks like an expensive bag and when you open it , it is a big blanket which is very soft inside and waterproof outside . it is easy to wash and carry around ! It is a very nice blanket and we love to go for a pick nick or just relax on teh nature with our baby .
 This blanket was larger than I thought and very sturdy . It is waterproof , so even though my 3 month old and I were on damp grass , it did n't soak through at all ! It is n't a soft ` blanket ' but more like a flexible and comfortable mat . I am glad I bought it and use it often .
 This is a great product ... you can wipe off the surface . It 's heavy but it folds up nicely . Perfect for the beach or outside in the grass . I use it as a little extra padding on the hardwood floor for baby to crawl around and play .
 I LOVE my JJ Cole Essentials Blanket . I keep it in my car -LRB- always -RRB- so it is accessible for play time in the park with the baby or family picnics . It is heavily water resistant and easy to tote around . I recommend this product to everyone and it is a great baby gift , too .
 LOVE this blanket . I take can take it anywhere I go and it 's very easy to clean . We have used it at the park , at the beach , and it was great when were on vacation . We put it on the floor in our hotel room and our daughter used it as a play mat as it is rather large - folds up nicely for travel or storage.I 've given several as gifts - moms with infants or toddlers just love receiving it .
 I originally purchased this blanket to use inside as a play blanket to protect the carpet . It is really great - once you lay it flat it stays flat as it is made of quite stiff material . This means babies can roll around on it securely and practice crawling without it rucking up and getting twisted . I have recently purchased another just to use outside in the park / beach . If there are any accidents with spitting up you can just wipe it down and the side you lay on the ground is easy to wipe down too if any mud gets on it . A great purchase and the designs are really lovely .
 Purchased this for my daughter -LRB- birthday gift -RRB- who has two children . She did some research and that 's exactly the one she 's been wanting
 This blanket is great . You can use it for all types of surfaces . It 's easy to wipe down . My favorite thing is how easy it is to fold up and becomes very compact . I keep it in the trunk of my car to have with we at all times .
 The blanket is the perfect size , it folds up correctly every time , it is totally comfortable , and washes well ... I love it . My children use them in the yard , at the beach ... best ever !
 This blanket is big and comfortable , easy to clean , convenient to carry , is beautiful , and it just a quality product overall . It folds up nicely and stays folded with the velcro , so I just keep it in my trunk .
 90 % of the moms in my stroller club have one . Very durable , easy to clean and store and take anywhere !
 I absolutely love this blanket ! Here are some of the reasons why . It is : - Large enough to fit my 6 ' 2 '' husband , 3 year old son , and me . - Waterproof , sandproof and stainproof . Perfect for a picnic , at the beach or with kids who tend to spill stuff . - Comfortable because there is a cushion pad which makes it bearable to sit on the ground for long periods of time . - Portable since it folds up and you can carry it around with the shoulder strap . There is also a little pocket to store slim items in . - Works very well as a play mat for babies and toddlers . - Beautiful . I love the patterns and the colors . It is n't frumpy looking like other picnic blankets I 've seen.I highly recommend this blanket over all others !
 This blanket is the best !!! It conveniently folds into its own carry case for transport and is made of a great material that is fully waterproof on the underside to avoid wet bums and then a water resistent top cover to easy clean spills . We love it - order one today folks !!!
 This is a great blanket . The underside is waterproof and the side you sit on is soft and wipes clean . I have used it in the grass and on the beach to contain my 8 month old baby . The strap makes it very easy to carry . Very happy I bought this blanket .
 I love this blanket . It 's easy to roll up , easy to unroll , the strap makes is easy to carry , and the colors are so fun ! The material is very soft and really easy to wipe up if there is a spill on it . There 's plenty of room for me , my 2-year old and my 6-month old . I ca n't say enough good things about this blanket .
 This is a great all purpose blanket . It is large enough that all three of us can comforatbly lay on it . It is also nice that is has the waterproof fabric on both sides so it is very easy to clean . The folding is super quick with the soft plastic guide so that even my husband can do it neatly . We use this mat everyday outside and it still looks great . Perfect for the park , beach , or even at amusement parks to stake out your place .
 Finally something easy to clean and take around town with a little one in tow . Folds up very easily . Is a little on the heavy side which is great because it does not blow around or shift while in use .
 Its waterproof backing and very slightly padded other side make for a really cool picnic blanket ! That it wraps up into an easy package to carry around makes it even better !
 I love this blanket ... and have used it a ton since I got it . Easy to carry , easy to fold up , lightweight . Pretty good size as well .
 This mat is perfect for the beach . The sand wipes off easily and it 's large enough for our family of four to relax on . It folds easily and you do n't have to be an origami master to fold it . I could fold it one handed with the baby in the other arm . This is one of those things our family wo n't outgrow .
 I have bought this blanket last month , and I love this blanket ! I went to many picnics this summer and I used this blanket every time.It 's nice that this is washable and very easy to carry .
 We absolutely love this blanket . It unfolds and folds with ease and the velcro is great -LRB- true that some things may try to catch a ride on the vecro , but you can pick them out if it bugs you , it does n't bug us at all -RRB- . When folded , it is nice an compact . We do n't get wet if the ground is damp . If , however , a giant Bernese Mountain Dog named Fanny happens to shake water off over the blanket , it drys very quickly . We just shake off dirt , grass or sand , no problem . It was a little smelly when we first got it , but I just hung it outside for a few days . Now it does n't smell weird at all.My son is 16 months and now uses the blanket as home base when we are at the park , having a picnic or at the beach . He will actually grab the blanket and try to put it out himself . Since our purchase , which was less that two months ago , we have used it many times . It has more than paid for itself.I highly recommend this JJ Cole Collections All-Purpose Blanket .
 In a word ... amazing ! We took this to the beach and it worked out great for our family of 4 . It cleaned very easily and was comfortable . I loved how easy it packed up as well . Looking forward to using this for picnics and other events that would require the use of a blanket . Noone will be sorry getting this product .
 Absolutely the best . We have been using this for over 3 years now , so this is not an impulsive review . We used it in the woods , beach , in wind , sun etc. . It is designed very well to accommodate all sorts of terrain and weather conditions . And after 3 years and a lot of mileage , still looks like new ! All in all , great product !
 I had registered for this blanket out of the recommendation from a friend who had one . We use it almost daily.Pros :1 -RRB- Conveniently folds up and has built in carrying system .2 -RRB- Decent size , but wish it was at least a foot longer all around -LRB- at least 6x6 instead of 5x5 -RRB- .3 -RRB- Easy to cleanCons :1 -RRB- Did smell initially , but wash it a few times -LRB- which you should do before using anyhow -RRB- and it will go away .2 -RRB- Wish it was larger .3 -RRB- Limited pattern option . We got the Cococa Bubble pattern . It 's a really really busy pattern . In hindsight I wish I had gone with the gray/green instead which looks less busy .
 Great fold away blanket . Bought it for a trip to the beach and used it every day . We also took it with us to watch a firework display . Will definitely come in handy in the future .
 Finally ! after so many hopefuls ... this is the one !! GREAT blanket ! good size , great colors , no moisture gets thru . top is soft and cozy ! I love it !! well worth the price !!
 Bought this as we needed something to take to the beach , parks , etc with our small child and this works great ! Easy to fold up , fun design , comfortable blanket . I highly recommend this blanket!Wish it were a little larger , but still a good size for a few adults and babies to sit on together .
 I got this fir a beach holiday and its fab !! You dont get a damp bottom , its robust and the colour and style of it is fab . It is slightly on the heavy side to carry - if it was carried alone its fine - because of the strap its easy -LRB- its also easy to fold -RRB- But i took it in my beach bag with all the essentals and it was a little on the heavy side .
 Love this blanket . In fact I get one for all my expecting friends . If you are at the park , picnic or beach all the time like my family , this is a must have . Easy clean up , washable and better yet easy to carry . This blanket stays in my car . My favorite part is instead of shaking it to get sand off , I take a towel or my hand and wipe it right off . Sure some sand stays on but far less the the typical blanket .
 I LOVE this blanket and everytime someone sees it , they ask me about it . I keep it in the car and we use it all the time . Washing is fairly easy . I put it in the machine but then air dry it as I do n't think it would stand up to the dryer . Great item !
 I bought this blanket when my daughter was born to protect fragile baby skin if we wanted to go out and lay in the backyard or go to the beach or whatever . What a fabulous decision ! Soft on the inside/top , stiff enough on the bottom that it really does protect you from chaff on the ground . Dries really quickly - which is a big help when wet and sandy feet beach feet have made a big mess!When she was a toddler I kept it in the car all the time with some toys and bubble stuff -LRB- solution , wands , etc -RRB- . We would stop by the park and just throw down the blanket and have fun . It folds so nicely - ends up just like a messenger bag - so it was simple to carry over my shoulder and still have arm space to carry her and our bag of fun stuff . When it 's time to go back home , this thing has a nice stiff rectangle that helps you flip it right over and into place . Okay , a few times my folds were a bit messy - more important to keep the child under control than make it pretty - but it stays together and stows well.She 's four now and throughout spring/summer we still keep it in the car , and it is a definite inclusion for any beach trip . I have to say , I honestly do n't believe that you would know it 's 4 years old by looking at it . Looks almost brand new . And it has become my favorite gift for new parents . Not something that your typical `` what to expect '' books or lists will suggest . Not something that everyone else on the planet will be trying to buy them . But for anyone who enjoys the outdoors and wants their baby to spend some comfy time in the sunshine - it 's perfect !
 Makes for a nice picnic or beach blanket as the material is pretty - proof -LRB- sand does n't stick to it , I imagine it washes easily -RRB- - material has some sort of coating on it . Plenty of cushioning in the blanket itself . I like that it folds up into a messenger bag size - but just an fyi - the blanket actually folds itself up into that duffle . There is not external duffle sack to stuff the blanket into - this happens to be a pro for us - no extra pieces to lose . Only con - the blanket is a bit smaller than I expected . I was hoping for a beach blanket that husband and I could both lie on with plenty of space to spare . In reality , it 's about the size of two beach blankets -LRB- which makes it possible but tight for us to both squeeze onto at once -RRB- . If this were bigger , I would highly recommend .
 It 's a floor cover for the beach , for picnics whatever ! It wipes clean in an instant and folds up real quick .
 This picnic `` blanket '' is the best . It does n't actually feel like a blanket because it 's not soft . It 's waterproof , dirtproof , and folds into a convenient square with a handle on it so you can carry it like a bag . Laying a softer blanket over this waterproof `` blanket '' would make the perfect picnic setting !
 I love this blanket . No more sitting on towels , getting sand on them , setting them down next to each other etc. . This is just wrapped and ready to go always , love it ! I should have paid closer attention to the sizing thought , I just looked at the picture and it looked so big in the picture but in fact it 's not that big . I do with it was a bit larger especially for the price . Two adults can sit on it with some of their stuff on it but that 's it . If my husband and I use it and try to put our baby down on it it really is n't big enough . Just FYI .
 blanket is very sturdy and heavy feeling . on plus side - it did stay down on beach during a very windy day . takes a while to dry if gets wet - then the sand really sticks . basically is a very nice and durable outdoor blanket . i got the grey stripes and is very soft colors and pretty .
 This is a really nice picnic/beach blanket . It 's durable and easy to fold back up . Pretty compact . We used it at the beach and it did great !
 We used this blanket 1-2 times per week all summer . It 's a great blanket . Never felt any dampness from the grass . Holds up well to spills and other baby mishaps . It 's a good size for 2 people but since we 're two parents and a baby , we purchased an additional one and place them side by side . Also very easy to fold and carry . We get asked all the time where we purchased this blanket .
 I love the ease of folding this all-purpose blanket and its bright colors . However I have felt some dampness seep through when I have used it on wet grass . I thought it was supposed to be waterproof ?
 I love this blanket ! It is nice and sturdy and does not blow away in the wind . I use it at the park , beach , and many other places . If the ground it wet it will not soak through . I guess the only downside is if it gets really dirty you need to go to a laundry mat to use a super sized washer . But usually , you can just wipe it down with baby wipes and it cleans up well . It 's a material that is slicky and repels dirt . So just do n't set it down on top of dog poop and you will be ok .
 I bought this blanket when my first baby was born - 4 years ago . I used it for my baby 's tummy time , took it to the beach numerous times , then I used to protect my bed from my daughters night time accident . Now I have my second baby , it is again used as a play time mat-tummy time mat . I guess I am supposed to wipe clean , but every time it needs to be cleaned , I just throw it in the washer and hang dry . I washed it countless times and it still looks good . Color has not faded , no ripping , it might have lost a little bit of shape , but it looks like I can use this for couple more years . I love this blanket . I would highly recommend it and I would buy it again when I need a replacement .
 Although this is listed as a baby product , I do n't have any kids and I love it ! I use this as a great alternative to a blanket in the park for a number of purposes ... reading , picnics , a night at an outdoor festival , you name it ! The fact that it folds up to a small size WITH a shoulder strap makes it very easy to carry and convenient . It is made out of a lightweight nylon fabric on the side that goes down -LRB- on the grass side -RRB- so it 's water and stain resistant and easy to clean , and the side you sit on is very soft and comfortable . It also has a small outside pocket when it 's folded up , so you can carry small stuff with you , like keys , a book , a small water bottle , etc. . I highly recommend this to anyone who spends any time outdoors !!!
 This is the best blanket I have ever owned . It is perfect for the park , beach or anywhere . Love it . A must buy and cheap for what is out there . Highly recommend .
 I had this blanket on my wishlist a long time , wish I 'd have bought it sooner ! It is durable and portable . The blanket folds up and has a flap with velcro that makes it into a bag which I think is the best feature . You do n't have to worry about the blanket unfolding while you are carrying it -LRB- and everything else -RRB- for a picnic ! Also the material is great for sandy picnic locations because sand does n't stick ! Highly recommend !
 We use this blanket almost every day at the park or the beach . Here is what we love about it - Water resistant bottom ... which means you can place the blanket on the grass without worrying about getting your bottom wet - Very Compact ... the blanket folds up very easily and easy to carry - Love the straps ... great to hang on a stroller , carry while walking , ect - Great size and can accommodate at least 4 adults comfortably if not moreWe highly recommend this product .
 I like this blanket , it is big , and folds nicely into a bag of a sort . It did smell horrible when I first opened it , but once I washed it , the smell was gone . It looks to be well constructed , and I like the material it is made of . I am giving it 4 stars because it is heavy , other than that , great !
 We are very pleased with this product . It seems to be very good quality and a very fashionable picnic blanket . Its easy to move around with thanks to the carry handle , and we had no problems folding it back up . The blanket is slightly padded , which makes it nice to sit on . We did slide a little on the hill , as the upper surface is shiny , but the blanket itself did n't move . We are very happy with our purchase .
 its really cute and a good size . very durable . we already used it at a barbeque , a baby shower and in the park . cant wait to take it to the beach !
 This is an awesome little travel accessory - it goes from damp grass to sandy beach perfectly and is super easy to carry , fold and store .
 This blanket is fantastic . It 's water resistant so the damp grass does n't soak through and get your butt wet . Also it 's large enough for 2 adults and a child . Also the fabric on the inside wipes clean really easily . And one more great thing is that it quickly folds up into a carry bag . I would highly recommend this blanket !
 It 's simple , classic looking and durable . Ice-cream spilled on it ? No problem , it wipes clean . Folding is easy , it 's a nice size , and it stays cool in the sun -LRB- making it a good cover for concrete -RRB- . It fits a family of four for a picnic and two adults can easily stretch out on it .
 I love EVERYTHING about this blanket . The fabric is very soft , waterproof and cleans easily . Great size , great bright colors and portability . It folds in a flash ! I highly recommend it !
 I think this blanket is great . I took it out on a picnic and , sure enough , some water was spilled - but the water easily wiped away . The blanket is easy to fold up and tote around . Seems perfect for the beach as well . I recommend it although I feel what i paid for it was rather high - my only justification is that it seems it will last a long time so might be cheaper in the long run . . we 'll see .
 Hard for me to give a review because I have n't used it yet . Delivery was fast and I do look forward to using it and not having grass and dirt stick to it . Love the pattern .
 We have only used a few times -LRB- we just received it a few weeks ago -RRB- but it seems great . Easy to unpack and pack and easy to clean .
 I 've used this blanket a few times now and absolutely love it ! We had a few water spills and it just slides right off ! Easy to use and carry around , although heavier than I expected . We love it and would recommend it to everyone !
 We love this blanket . It 's just what we were looking for in a picnic blanket -- something that cleans off easily , feels nice , is durable , etc. . One of the really nice features , I think , is that it gives you perfect folded `` guidelines '' for folding it back up , so you do n't have to do any map-folding geometry puzzles when you 're done with it . Good product design .
 This blanket is amazing !!!! It 's way bigger than it looks in the photo . I got the brown with blue bubbles and it is so pretty ! The top is so silky and smooth . And the bottom is totally like a thick mat . I can see why people would say they could use it on concrete.I used it in the backyard today for my 10 month old and he loved it . I felt better about sitting on this with him than a different blanket or a large towel that could soak through or feel the grass pokies.It is AWESOME and such a great great deal !! I 'm sooo glad I got this rather than the tuffo one .
 I am very happy with this item . It is attractive , practical and a good value at $ 24 !
 The item was shipped very fast and arrived in promised condition . I can not wait to try it out ! I appears to be good sized and great for the grass or outdoor surfaces . The color was just as pictured a pink and brown striped pattern . I would recommend this product to others .
 I love this blanket . I have two young kids and just keep it in my car . When we stop somewhere it 's great to have and spread out for them . It 's so easy to clean , just wipe it up . And it folds up nice and makes it easy to store and carry around . My only complaint is that I wish they were a little bigger .
 I use this blanket at playdates , my back yard and even as a playmat when visiting friends and family . I love how this blanket folds up and can be carried like a purse .
 This is a great outdoor blanket . I bought this for my toddler to keep in my car . It is really easy to clean and is light weight . It also folds up easily and has a convenient carrying strap .
 I purchased this blanket when I took a cross country trip with my 8 month old baby . It was the perfect thing to spread out on our rest breaks and let my daughter crawl around . It is thick and durable , and brushes off perfectly . When we got home I used it to bring my not-walking-yet daughter outside to the lawn , and even by myself I could hold my baby with one arm and unfold/refold this blanket with my free hand without any trouble . Now it is the only blanket we take to the beach , and the sand just rolls right off when we 're done . My husband , my baby and I can all sprawl out on it without feeling crowded . I love this blanket . It folds up to a purse-sized object that just slings over my shoulder for easy carrying . I have the brown and pink one , which is gorgeous . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this wonderful blanket for my baby . My plan was to carry it along with me whenever I would visit family and friends at their homes . I could then lay my baby down or interact with my child on a clean surface . The blanket is 16.0 x 4.0 x 11.0 inches , which will accommodate adults well . I was pleased when I received the blanket to have discovered the excellent craftsmanship that was put into the creation of the piece . The quality is absolutely top notch ! The surface material also seems like it could be easily cleaned if a spill should occur . The only slight con I have of the Essentials blanket is that it is a bit on the heavy side . This is only a negative if one is expecting to carry it for a long period of time . Otherwise I adore this blanket and highly recommend it !
 I like this blanket so far , the quality is good only it is a little too heavy .
 Nice looking and nice quality , but I wish I had gotten it at BBB at 1/2 the price .
 I love this blanket , it is nice to not have to worry about your bottom getting wet from the grass and it is so big too !
 We use this all the time for the park and the beach with the baby . It folds up very nicely into its own little carrying case . Very piratical .
 This blanket works great for us ! Fits easily into the bottom of the stroller or slung over a shoulder , more than enough space to stretch out , and cleans up easily -- just shake off the sand or dirt . One quick tip if it gets wet you want to let it dry out before you fold it away as it will mildew quickly .
 it 's not giant but for my 2 and 4 year old it is just right as a play mat on a tile floor . it 's easy to spot clean . it 's easy to fold up and nice looking .
 Good Product with a sufficient carry strap . Nice washable material which is a good thing to clean up after kids have messed it up .
 Greatest invention , if you go to the park , have picnics or just need a blanket for your lawn - get this . We love ours , have 2 when going on vacation - so handy with the shoulder strap .
 I love this . It folds up very well into itself into a carrier pack , has convenient pocket for extra items -LRB- I toss a book , my phone and keys in -RRB- , looks good , is a great size and adds just enough cushion while providing a waterproof area to sit on . I keep it in our car and have found opportunities to use it I otherwise would not have noticed w/o having a blanket to use . I often grab it for little walks to the park with my 18 month old -LRB- I wear her in my Ergobaby carrier & am 8 months pregnant - so obviously it is an easy size to manage ! -RRB- to sit on - plenty big enough for us to both hang out on and keeps us both dry -LRB- it seems to rain overnight here often -RRB- . I wish I had purchased it sooner !
 We use this blanket mainly in the house on the carpet so our little one can crawl around without getting rug burns or dirt stains on our hardwood floors . We 've used it outside a few times on the grass and its come in so handy . Its the right size to fit two adults and doesnt stain very fast . Its also easy to clean . A must buy
 The blanket is not very large but with our twin 10 month old daughters its the perfect size to carry around use for changing a daiper , putting clothes or shoes on .
 Perfect ground cover , i think its easy to fold up . Fits nicely under my stroller for trips to the park . Good size also , we 've had 4 babies and 2 mamas on it easily . Dont hesitate to buy this .
 I have this blanket in green and purchased this grey/turquoise one as a gift for my pregnant sister-in-law . She loves hers too ! I use mine constantly . Beach , park , ball game , zoo ... So many times its kept our bottoms dry and comfy . It 's heavy enough so it did n't blow away on the Oregon Coast , has held up to several washings , great baby shower gift !
 Perfect . Great for camping trips , picnics and trips to the beach . The material cleans quickly when hosed off and folding it up is a breeze .
 Love this product is so easy to keep clean and its a really good size.I also love how it folds up ad really easy to carry .
 This is great looking blanket and very easy to fold up after use . I now have two which my family have used for beach outings and picnics . They are easy to wipe clean and function much better then their low cost suggests . You will not be disappointed with this blanket at all .
 My family loves this blanket . We keep it in the car for impromptu picnics or for relaxing on a lawn . We just took it to the beach and it was great there too . This is the perfect blanket for picnics , outdoor concerts , beach trips . We have not had trouble with waterproofing and I know that I have used it before on wet grass . We also have not had problems with chemical smells . I plan to but one for each of the members of our family this Christmas .
 I got this blanket 3 years ago when my son was born , used it everywhere I went from the beach to the park and often in our backyard , washed it several times ant it still looks the same ! And no chemical smell here . It is very pretty and practical , as a matter of fact , many friends got one too after using mine .
 Very Good quality product.It has a waterproof back and the front is very comfortable to sit on and is waterproof as well.Great for anything from beaches to parks.Thanks .
 Gave this to my husband for fathers day . We have used it a few times , even for a picnic dinner last night . Easy to clean , folds up like a dream . It looks great , and is a nice cool surface for our three month old to lay on outside . I put an umbrella over him to block the CO sun , and he was a happy kid ! We love it !
 This blanket did just what we expected ! Bought it for a cruise with my 2 kids under 2 , and it was big enough to have me and my 2 kids sit outside on our balcony or beside the kiddy pool . We were looking for a blanket that was large enough for all of us PLUS one that was not too expensive . I love that it easily folds up when you 're done -LRB- which is necessary when the kids can go off to anywhere in a second -RRB- .
 I love this blanket ! It 's easy to tote around and folds up easily ! Great for outdoors because of the water resistance and material they use . The only thing that was just ok was the color but it was cheaper than the others so I did n't mind
 I searched for the perfect blanket to take to the beach and I found it . I read many reviews that stated their blanket had an odor when they received it and it took several washes for it to come out , but that was n't the case for me . I actually received the blanket the day before we left for our trip . Mine did n't have a strong odor , but I did wash it before we left . It was perfect for the little ones to sit on under the umbrella to escape the Florida sun & it had plenty of room for them as well . I will be able to take this to softball tournaments for my daughters & picnics as well . Very pleased with the quality and the price .
 I think the blanket looks good - I like the design and colors . It folds up really easily . The size is comfortable for my husband , my daughter , and me . Perfect for spending time outside.I 've given this as a gift multiple times too , and it has always been a hit !
 This blanket is perfect ! I wanted something easily wipeable that wo n't attract dog hair or sand . This is perfect and comfortable ! Folds back up super easy !
 I do like this product but it was n't what I was expecting . That 's not to say the description is misleading , but I think I had it in my head that this was just a blanket with a waterproof backing . It 's not ! It 's all made of a nylon/plasticky material . The top is silky but not fabric . It wipes off easily and it 's not hard to fold up like some foldable blankets I 've used . The carrying pouch is handy too . We keep it in the car for times when we need a little stretch on the grass . We have the Cocoa Bubble pattern , which is quite cute.While I do like this , I would n't use it if we wanted a soft place to snuggle up for a long time , like watching an outdoor movie or something . For that , I would just bring a softer regular blanket to lay on top . But if you 're looking for a tough , waterproof ground covering you can easily tote around , this is perfect .
 The gray/green blanket has no gray at all . I actually prefer it to the one pictured but it is misleading . The outside is more of a pine green and the inside stripes are sage , black and orange . The colors are very pretty and leaves easily brush off . Everything stuck to the other blanket we were using . Now when my two year old runs across it , I can easily brush off the leaves so my 10 month old does n't eat them !
 This item was EXACTLY as described . My friend had one of these all purpose blankets . When I saw hers , I had to know where she had gotten hers . Every time the family and I went on an outing , I always wished I had brought something to sit on and not just a traditional blanket , but something sturdier and waterproof . This is it !!! I have to write , I was a little nervous after having read some of the reviews . I think that the J.J. Cole company really cares about their product and their consumers because all of the issues that had people had written about were none issues . This product did not smell like a petroleum product at all . I have one of the most sensitive noses around . I ca n't handle the smell of perfumes or non-natural based cleaning products . I 'm telling you not a problem . I stuck my nose all over this product ! Lol . Okay , that 's an exaggeration , but I could n't smell anything . I also have a seven month old baby , so I was concerned about him crawling on something that could be toxic . Again , non-issue . Did n't have to wash it or air it out.The strap . Sewn on well . Has n't broken yet . We shall see how that pans out . Also , there is an outer pocket . Would be nice if it had a flap on it to keep things from , potentially , falling out . This has n't happened to me , but I could see if you were swinging it around where small things could fall out . It is a rather deep pocket that would fit several diapers and a small travel case of wipes without a problem . Of course , once you got to where you were going you would need to take items out to flatten the blanket out anyway . The pocket is strictly to hold a few things until you get where you are going.Velcro closure , yes , stuff could get stuck in it if you were n't careful about unfolding . There is a way that the Velcro folds up against the material so that debris , leaves , etc. , does n't get all stuck . Also , do be careful , if you are wearing something delicate like silk , the Velcro could stick and snag delicate clothing . I had on a casual silk sweater and when I was trying to fold it up , I had to be very careful not to snag it , but it could snag up a swimsuit when trying to fold it up . This DID NOT occur when I was sitting on it , as the Velcro is underneath the mat.Color of mat , mine was called grey and red . This is referring to the color of the trim and the exterior material , not the interior pattern . So , if you order gray/green , it means the exterior is gray and the trim is green . I was a bit surprised that other reviewers had n't figured that out.Size is roomy . Five foot by five foot . Perfect to sit on or eat a picnic on . Yes , if you are trying to seat a small village you will need two or more . I actually have a small village , myself , hubby , and four kids , and we were fine . I kept reading how people think it 's too small , not to be rude , but I think they might just have more girth than others . It 's plenty roomy for trimmer people . I was n't sure how else to word that in a politically correct fashion . Please do n't shoot the messenger.Overall , love my product !!! Was exactly what I had been looking for .
 My family gets lots of use from this blanket . We often visit the local arboretum with its beautiful , lush grass ~ from lots of watering . So the grass is always wet ! We picnic and stay dry ~ just perfect . It also does not shift when my toddler walks on it , so she 's not had a slipping problem like other blankets we have used.We usually picnic with other moms and kids . Four fit comfortably for a picnic . We do n't nap on it , maybe 2 adults would fit for that purpose max . So if you are looking for a bigger blanket to sleep the afternoon away , this is n't it ! But it 's perfect for our picnic needs.The fabric is a good heavy weight and is durable . Easy to wipe clean . Very nice design , visually appealing . So convenient that it folds back into it 's own bag , love that feature !
 I love this water resistant , easily folded travel blanket . There are many blankets like this on the market , but so far this is the only one I 've found that has a good amount of weight to it . It does n't bunch up every time someone moves an inch on it - it really stays in place ! It 's heavy enough to stay down in a good amount of wind too . It 's SUPER easy to fold up , and to clean . We 've had ours about a year now , and it really still looks brand new - even with plenty of use for beach trips and park trips . My only complaint is that it 's a little small - two adults sitting up and a baby with a couple toys are about all it can fit comfortably . I 'd love a super-sized version of this blanket !!! Warning
 Initially we bought this blanket to use with our four month old grandchild at the beach . But since she mainly stays in her Kidco PeaPod , the rest of us also use it . Here is what I like :1 . Fully opened the blanket is 5 ' x 5 ' , which is adequate for an adult to sit on at the beach , and more than adequate for an infant or small child . It is also just the right size on which to put an assortment of items that you want to keep off the sand -LRB- like a camera case , Kindle , towels , etc. -RRB- .2 . The blanket is nicely padded and very comfortable to sit or lay down on . It is also moisture resistant on the bottom , so if the sand at the beach -LRB- or grass at a park -RRB- is damp , you wo n't feel it .3 . This has creases in it that serve as guide to folding it up , which takes literally seconds , even on a very windy day at the beach . And unlike thinner blankets , the wind does not lift this one up as easily .4 . This is very lightweight to carry and takes up very little space when you are packing the car.Bottom line
 Awesome blanket - everything everyone has said about how easy it is to clean , easy to fold up , how it 's a little heavy and well padded is true . I bought the grey/green one - colors look great - the picture does n't give it justice ! The only down side is that it is a little small . My husbands feet dangle off the end of the blanket ... we ca n't all -LRB- 2 adults and baby -RRB- lie on it and relax ... wish they made it bigger .
 Wish it was a little softer/thicker and maybe a tad larger ... other than that this blanket/bag is great ! Folds up well , convenient and light weight . I noticed in some of the reviews I read that there was a chemical smell and I agree - there was an odd smell when I first received it -LRB- kind of plasticy ? -RRB- , but it was fine once I aired it out for a day . I would recommend this to friends as a great purchase for picnics , beach , etc. .
 I had hoped this would be a little more blanket-like , a weatherproof stadium blanket . However , it is too rigid to wrap up in . It actually though is great as a seat cushion . We just open the velcro flap and roll it out along the bench . We do n't unfold the entire blanket , just leave it bench width . It has several layers of thickness and keeps our bottoms warm , so payed for itself when I did n't have to buy 4 bench warmer cushions , and is much more convenient to carry ! And it 's a piece of cake to fold back up perfectly every time.It is a really nice quality item , and I 'm sure that in summer we 'll use it at the beach or on the lawn .
 I use this blanket at least 4 x 's a week during Stroller Strides . I lay it on damp grass and I do n't get wet while doing situps and stretching . It folds and fits over the handle of my stroller - it does n't bug me at all while walking or running . I keep it in my car and use it at the beach and parks too . It 's a GREAT `` must have '' item for all parents . New parents can change babies on it and parents of toddlers + will have it forever . WAY better than a regular blanket that gets wet and dirty while you 're using it .
 excellent quality , easy to carry , easy to clean , easy to fold . I highly recommend this especially if you are bringing a baby to the beach or to lay on the grass .
 This product is a great example of why you have to pay attention when ordering on the internet . I had originally added it to my wish list imagining it to be a `` blanket '' but when I got around to reading the reviews I realized it was more like a mat than a blanket . Fortunately , when I actually bought it I understood what I was getting , and I could n't be happier with it , but J.J. Cole should really rethink the name.This is a fairly stiff and thick mat made out of a waterproof material , the striped material is a lightweight and soft fabric , some kind of nylon I think . It 's nice enough to sit on , but it 's not a snuggly blanket in any way . We 've used it on the beach and at the park as a picnic blanket , and it also makes a great waterproof mat for our baby to play on when he 's airing out a diaper rash.It folds up into a nice portable package that makes it easy to carry , and as a mom juggling a baby , a diaper bag and who knows what else , I really appreciate the strap , which is long enough to wear over the shoulder . If you 're in the market for an outdoor playmat/picnic blanket , this is just right . Like most J.J. Cole products , the fabrics/colors are nicely modern and stylish .
 Basically , I do n't like my baby crawling on dirty surfaces , not even our own carpet inside of our home . This all-purpose blanket is great , I use it my bedroom on the floor so my baby can crawl around and play with her toys and I take it with me everywhere . Whether I am visiting a relative or going outdoors , I love that I can use this blanket everywhere . My only concern with it is that it 's very flat because it 's waterproof -LRB- which makes it easy to dry when wet -RRB- , on the downside , I used it at a relative 's house where there is no carpet , my baby rolled over and hit her face somewhat hard so since then I use a quilted blanket underneath or above this item if using indoors on hard wood floors , tile or concrete surfaces to prevent injury if child just learning to crawl and rollover . Only other thing that concerned me was that I was outdoors during baby 's nap time and she fell asleep , since the material on top of the blanket is n't cotton it does n't breathe well and she was sweating a lot because of the material . I gave this item 5 stars because it definitely serves it 's purpose and can be used everywhere , just need to take some extra precautions if your child is still an infant
 Have used this blanket 4 times since purchase and so far , love it.Pros : - Great for the park and even indoors as a playmat.-Outer shell kept unexpected mud away from inner lining.-Folds nicely and easy to carry around.-Washes and dries beautifully-4mo old baby loves lying on the soft liner inside and playing w / toys-Drool wipes up quick and easy if you catch in time-Nice square shape fits mommy , daddy and little oneCons : - If you are a family of more than 3 , you might need two blankets . Wish it was a little bigger.-Can only wash in large commercial machineThe color blanket I have
 this is pretty much a padded tarp with its own carrying case . it 's convenient to use . it can fit in a standard washer , but only air dry it . out-of-the-box it did have a strong chemical scent to it , thus the need to launder it .
 Great wwaterproof blanket . It has the body so it 's not too wavy when using . Right amount of insulation and polyester printed fabric is very soft.Great size and easy to fold/unfold . I did lots of research before purchasing and finally decided to go with this one and I think it was a great decision !
 This mat is so perfect for taking to outdoor events ... It is fully waterproof , and nice and large so you can spread out on it . I recently took my infant son to the park and he enjoyed playing on it -- it 's nice and thick and any spills just wipe clean in seconds . Plus , you just fold it up and carry it over your shoulder when you are done . Best Amazon purchase I 've made in a long , long time . Highly recommended , great price too .
 This mat is perfect for many purposes . It 's great to take to the park , the beach and even working out . It 's easy to take along with you . The material is great and easy to clean . This is a must have for all moms and a great gift for friends . This is also useful for people who are not parents .
 Love this blanket , it stays in my trunk ... . Great for everywhere !! Highly reccommend it to anyone with babies or people who enjoy the outdoors a lot .
 I own this blanket and just bought another ! I brought this blanket to my playgroup at the park . It was perfect on the damp grass and big enough for me , my daughter , and all of our stuff . A few of the other moms liked it so much they bought it too . My baby spits up quite a bit , especially during tummy time , so I decided to buy another one to use in the house . It cleans so easily with a baby wipe or a damp cloth . Great investment .
 I have n't had this blanket long , but have already used it a couple of times . The size is nice for 2 adults and 1 little one to use . It folds up and packs very nicely . I would n't pay a lot for it -LRB- since my closet is full of other blankets -RRB- , but think it is worth the price that I paid .
 I have seen this product elsewhere for a more expensive price and I liked the color and neutrality of it but did n't want to pay the price . That 's why I always look on Amazon before paying more . I found the product here , it arrived on time , the colors were just as advertised and it 's conveniently sized for easy outings . Great product and good price . I highly recommend it and the seller .
 I really like this blanket . It is waterproof , so no more damp blanket on the beach . The folding method turns this blanket into its own carry bag , so no more bags blowing down the beach either . I ordered in Gray and Red , was worried about the chemical smell others have mentioned because I am highly sensative to smells . Mine had no chemical smell at all . It seems well made , so hopefully will enjoy for years to come .
 I really love this blanket . It looks like a purse . Love the fabric . I which it was a little bigger but it works .
 I bought one as a gift . It was stylish , practical , and a great price to boot I had to get one for myself !
 The best all purpose blanket . Everyone who sees it goes and buys one after . We are buying a second .
 Worth the money . Easy pack and go . Easy to clean . Very nice material , so worth the buy . Used it in the beach and park .
 I am very pleased with the blanket . The quality and size are excellent . It 's padded lightly and soft . I bought the blanket for my small pets to play on , so that our floors do not get dirty .
 I love it , it does n't take up much space and folds neatly away . You do n't get wet if you 're on damp grass .
 This is a great blanket . Large enough for 3 kids , wipes off easily and keeps you dry if the ground is wet . My favorite part is how easily it fold up into it own carrying case . Very convenient .
 Do n't know why this is baby-specific , but it 's a great product . No worries about wet grass , you can camp out anywhere with this -- very easy to clean off , and the strap for easy carrying is great too . Wish it was a tiny bit thinner to fold up , but so glad I bought it -- will get lots of use !
 We have tried many different blankets for the beach and by far this is the best . Sand does not stick to it , and it 's heavy so it wo n't blow up or away . It 's also very easy to fold up . I 've never had an issue not being able to velcro it , you just have to fold it the right way . It even has a flap that is stiffer than the rest to use as a guide so that it folds quickly and easily . It is so compact that I keep it in the back of my car at all times . I ca n't tell you how many times I have pulled it out for a spur of the moment park trip and it 's been GREAT !! Love it . Well worth every penny . We 've also had ours for 3 years and it still looks new .
 I bought this since I got tired of having a wet bottom after sitting on a regular blanket or towel on the wet grass . And it 's great ! It 's large enough for a few people to sit on it . I use it with my baby , and it 's easy to wipe clean . The material is sort of shiny . The color is a bit off from the photo , but quite nice . I bought the gray/green , and the outside is more of a lighter green than the photo , with green , gray , brown and orange on the inside . It 's a bit heavier and bigger folded up than I expected , but I can still carry it pretty easily . The strap is nice , and it folds quite easily . It 's much thicker than a blanket , and provides a nice surface outside , whether on grass or something else .
 I absolutely love this blanket ! It 's great for sitting out on the grass because no dampness ever seeps through the bottom . Also , the top is soft and easy to clean . This product is exactly what I expected , and I could n't be more pleased .
 This is the best outside blanket . I bought 2 . I love that it fold up so easily . Super easy to clean . Just shake it and everything falls off . I will purchase these for all my friends with kids . I love the colors too . Definately worth the money . You wont be disappointed .
 Bought to use as a picnic blanket . So far it 's great . Interior is super soft & the exterior seems very durable . Easy to fold up & the strap makes it easy to carry !
 I love this blanket ... good for parks , beach , your backyard ... really anything ! It 's big enough for my baby , me and my husband !
 Great blanket for outdoors . It 's waterproof and spit-up proof ! We love it and take it everywhere ! Ca n't recommend this product enough . Actually bought this after seeing a friend 's .
 This product is as described . . Comfortable and portable . Received sooner then expected . I bought this as a gift for a friend . . And she was happy with it .
 Purchased this for my Europe trip ... it looks cool , is compact , unfolds and folds nicely ! It 'll even work great for the beach -LRB- I live in Florida -RRB- . For around twenty bucks , it 's a steal .
 I purchased this blanket to use with my 6 month old outside in the grass and as a travel blanket for the beach . The blanket did have a strong smell when we got it and I had to leave it out and open for about a week but the smell faded and now there is no smell at all -LRB- about 3 months later with moderate use -RRB- . It is very handy , a decent size and easy to clean minor spills and messes by wiping the surface . The only downfall was that we needed to wait a while to use it until the smell faded . It reminded me of a new plastic shower curtain smell only not as stong . Now we love the blanket and use it in our yard almost every day . It provides a great place to put the baby so she is not directly on the grass -LRB- although now she often crawls off the blanket but thats not the blankets fault -RRB- .
 We bought this blanket b/c our friend has the exact same one and it was very useful on many occasions . We like it b/c unlike most other blankets in this category , it has the nylon-like material on both sides , making it easy to clean and better for putting down in wet conditions like a dewy grass field . We have another blanket that has fleece on one side , which is nice and cozy , but we also end up having to put it in the wash more often b/c it gets wet dirt/mud on it , or if my kids spill on it , things soak in rather than wipe up.My husband , toddler and I fit fine on it but when we add baby to the mix , it can get a little crowded but we all still fit and I would not call it a deal breaker . It is not teeny tiny when folded up , but also not huge and bulky . I 'd say it 's just right to throw in the car or stroller for day trips . May not want to take on long plane flight trips if you also travel with a lot of other carry on baggage .
 This is a 5 ` x5 ' polyester picnic blanket . It is nice and light , and folds into a handbag . Ideal for carrying , it is somewhat on the small side - good enough for one adult and a child . My baby daughter loved it , but I did not find it practical . Our house is on a hill , and I kept sliding down the blanket . It is also too thin and can easily feel tree roots or anything underneath . Water spilled on it was easily wiped , but it is unbreathable and so you can feel the sweat . I will get a larger and thicker cotton blanket for use at home , and leave this lightweight one for packing on trips .
 I bought this after meeting up with a mommy friend in a moist , goose-poop covered park and realizing her JJ Cole blanket was far superior to my ` waterproof ' stadium blanket I 'd purchased at Target years earlier . This blanket is thick and plastic-y , and seems genuinely waterproof . It is also really attractive , and folds up easily into a small , handbag-sized compartment . It 's just a snazzy treat that makes it easy to hang out in any park . The price varies depending on which pattern you want , so make sure to check them all out and get the combination of style and price that will make you feel most satisfied with your purchase !
 We had been using a standard blanket for picnics but if the ground was damp or full of debris then we were sure to have problems . This blanket is very nice . Fold and stores easily . Its large size accommodates the average family and it wipes clean .
 I was skeptical about buying this product because I had read that it had a chemical or toxic smell . Well , mine does n't smell like anything I just love it . I wold recommend this to anyone .
 This blanket looks just as shown and folds up easily . Its lightweight which will make it convenient to pack along wherever you go . Also the price is low enough that even if it doesnt last forever it still a bargain . Love it !
 Super cute and very big . I bought it so I could take my little one out without having to play on the dirty ground .
 I love this blanket , can throw in the washer and hang to dry . Folding it up is easy and the strap is super convenient . Tons of moms I know have these , that 's the only potential drawback - they 're so popular you might have the same one as someone else and have trouble telling them apart ! Definitely recommend !
 We like everything about it . We especially like how easily it folds up for easy storage and carrying . Easy to clean up spills .
 We got this mainly for beach trips.Note
 We bought this for my sister as a gift after she saw how thoroughly we enjoyed ours at various parks last summer . It 's a great mat for keeping clean and dry while sitting / playing on the ground . It folds easily and the built in carry strap is fantastic .
 Well I do n't think they have used it yet , but they sure loved it ! The quality is top notch and I am sure they will love it for their picnics , little bike trips and park outings . Gave these to many families - a great gift that will add to their outdoor fun .
 I really like this . Both sides are waterproof and wipeable . It packs up really nice . It 's pretty big . I feel like this would work well on a picnic . I bought it for couch with puppies . Works well for that too although they love digging at it to make the vinyl noise -LRB- they 're weird -RRB- . It 's held up well . Only complaint is if you use it on couch , the flaps for the packet it folds into are awfully rigid .
 I bought this after I saw my friend 's and was amazed at what a practical item it was . I ordered it and now I always have people asking me where I got it . I keep it in the car and so we use it all the time because we live in the Northwest and the grass is often damp , even if it 's not raining . It 's gotten pretty dirty and I have n't attempted to wash it yet so I 'm not sure how it will hold up through a wash . I 'm not too worried about the dirt though because it is an item we only use outside , so it 's just gon na get dirty again right after I wash it since there 's always kids tromping all over it . Folds up super easy and has an adjustable strap to carry or hook over stroller handles . Love this thing .
 we bought this so our son would have something to sit on at our family cook out . It was large enough for our baby , myself and my husband and probably a couple other kids to sit on . One thing I liked is that the product is all one piece - some products have a removable back that causes it to be slipery . It is all canvasy type material so is waterproof on all sides . Its squishy so its comfortable . When you are folding it you kind of have to squish the air out like a canvas sleeping bag , but if you do that it folds up fairly easily . I am glad I bought it and I would recommend it to friends .
 This is the perfect blanket to keep in your trunk , unfolds and refolds easily . Fits nicely in the bottom of a stroller . It would even fit perfectly under a car seat .
 I was looking for a blanket that I can use for my baby to play on in a smaller space with the ability for it to be portable and easily cleanable . This meets my every needs perfectly.I like that there are dual side , one side is comfortable without being too rough while the side that you lay on the ground is easily cleanable.Now if I can somehow prevent all these hair from building up in the velcro strap , I 'll give it 6 out of 5 stars = -RRB- Note that this is not a blanket that you use for warmth .
 Great blanket with convenient way to fold it up and carry it with built in straps . Water resistant so if it gets slightly wet , it dries very quickly . Sand shakes or brushes right off . This is a must have for your beach adventures .
 I love this thing ! Purchased as a `` partial coverlet '' for my twin bed because of small dog with an incontinence problem . Luckily , I have not had reason to test the serious waterproof ability yet , though it does handle other simple spills well . There was no smell at all when product arrived . Colours were perfect match . For my purposes , I could do without the straps and flaps designed for tote style , but it 's a nice option to have . Laundered in a normal home washer/dryer with no problems . Overall , it was much more supple afterward , though the tote panels remained sturdy as intended . Looks great in the room , and even with two dogs on it daily , does not show dirt or wear . Silky top side also feels nicely `` cool '' in Summer .
 I would buy another one of these in an instant ! Great quality , rigid so it stays flat on the ground , easy to fold and pack up . Water resistant and easy to clean . Highly recommended !
 Highly Recommended.We purchased this product to use for casual trips to the park . We have been able to use it three times this past weekend . Everyone who saw it has asked us where we got it from . We were more than happy to let them know where we got it from.PROS : Easy to Clean -LRB- a simple wipe -RRB- Easy to Fold UpVery Portable and ConvenientVery well constructedGreat on Wet Grass / GroundCONS : Only negative I have is I wish it was bigger . It is large enough for two adults to sit on .
 With two little kids who love picnics in the park , this well made , large enough for the 3 of us blanket is da bomb ! I just received it and ca n't wait to go to the park and use it . Love its functionality , quality and it looks not only sturdy but looks great too !
 This is a great blanket , exactly what I was looking for.Easy to clean up , water resistant , folds up into a massanger bag - so easy to carry.I bought gray/green one and the colors are very nice .
 I love this blanket ! JJ Cole had a giveaway on their FaceBook page and I won one of these . We use it 2-3 times a week . I have very small kids and it has held up to their running and spills . My niece spilled a barbeque packet on it and I thought it was going to be stained forever . It wiped completely off ! This is the perfect park/anywhere blanket . Any blanket that is waterproof on the bottom and stain resistant on the top is perfect for kids . I am giving this away as Christmas gifts this year . I have looked around and Amazon has the best price ! Do n't buy the cheaper blanket . Spend the extra $ 10 and get this one ! You wo n't regret it .
 One of my friends had it , and she talked about it very highly . And when I looked , it was on sale so I bought it . This is a very nice blanket . We keep it in the trunk of our car , so we can use it when we go to a park . The great part of this blanket is you can wash it in the washer.Unfortunate part is the durable outer fabric is not waterproof .
 I bought this for my family prior to a vacation . We used it on grass and sand . Great blanket , nice size !
 The blanket is cute and folds up good . However it is a little small there is only room for a few people to sit and maybe only two people to lay down on the blanket .
 The blanket is sturdy , easy to wipe , and is designed to fold into a portable form exactly how an outdoor blanket should . Perfect for picnics and everyday walks to the park with the little ones .
 This was great to have with us on our vacation to the Gulf Coast . It was wasy to fold with two people , might be a little more difficult alone but never had to try so not sure . It was difficult to remove the slightly damp sand that inevitably ended up on there but that is a pretty minor downside !
 Perfect for what it is
 I bought this blanket when I had my baby so we could sit and play on it . I have used it many times for over a year now and it still looks like new . It is very easy to clean , keeps out moisture from below , is sturdy and looks great . I just love this blanket . It 's definitely worth the money .
 I keep this in my car and use it at least once a week . I am a stay-home mom , and when I 'm out and about , sometimes I stop at a park to play or just to change my baby 's diaper . I lay it out anywhere , and it 's very easy to lay out and very easy to fold up . It 's a decent size . I seriously take it everywhere . I love it !! SO glad I bought it .
 This is a great-looking and super-convenient picnic blanket . I actually bought it to use mostly indoors for my 8 month old to play on because I worry that there is cat hair and dust in the carpet , so I throw this down for him every morning to roll around on . Plus he spits up a lot and this is so easy to clean . The striped one looks a lot better than it does in the photo . This is one of those items that I can see still using for picnics 15 years from now . It is attractive , easy to clean , durable and folds up easy . I love the shoulder strap too .
 this picnic blanket was really good for a flat surface , however the event i purchased it for was for a concert with a grassy hill , and i slipped right off the top . i had to have my feet on the grass with my body on the blanket and it was a bit annoying , could n't stand on it for the same reason .
 We 've bought this blanket twice b/c we lost the first one and after reviewing several others , think this is the most washable ... many have `` water proof '' backsides that touch the ground but do n't have a very wipeable top surface which is critical for toddlers ! Love this blanket , it 's just a little heavy but the strap and pocket help a ton .
 This blanket works great on wet grass or damp beach and is so so convenient . It 's one of the best baby items I bought ! Folds super easy , cleans up wonderfully -- highly recommend it for moms on the go ! I keep this in my car and am always picnic-ready : -RRB-
 A wonderful outdoor blanket just like all the other reviewers have said -LRB- although a little heavier than I thought it would be -RRB- . It is a wonderful size and easily wipes clean . The design is very cute as well -LRB- I have the blue cocoa bubble -RRB- . Just wanted to let everyone know that I found this at my local Babies R Us -LRB- they had the light green stripe and the brown cocoa bubble one -RRB- for $ 19.98 . You can also use one of their 20 % off coupons , which makes this a much better deal than online/amazon !
 A little larger than I thought ot would be when folded up , bot easy to carry and a great buy .
 A great mat for the Beach . Easy to clean , just hosed it off and hung it up to dry .
 I use this blanket about three times a week and it has been ideal . I used to have a similar picnic blanket that I got years ago from Crate & Barrel -LRB- which I lost -RRB- but it did n't fold up as easily into a messenger bag . I love that feature . My only concern
 This blanket is awesome for all sorts of stuff ! It 's a must-have if you have kids .
 very happy with this blanket . I read all the review before the purchase and took my chance with the smell complaint . In deed , it did come with a strong chemical odor , but a day of airing was enough to rid . I like how easy it is to fold and to dust off . The velcro closure does trap grass , but can be easily removed .
 Easy to fold and unfold . Wipes up easily , strap makes it easy to throw over a crowded shoulder when you 're going out for a picnic or wherever .
 This is a pretty neat idea , and I 'm sure we will be using it a lot when the weather is warm again . The fleece lining is nice and soft , and it 's really nice that it folds up so nicely . We were sent the wrong color , but I 'm sure we could have exchanged it if we wanted . I did n't really mind , so did n't bother . It will be an asset for all of those picnics we want to take .
 The periscope arrived undamaged and works fine . I purchased it to look into the space under my low-slope roof to see possible leaks in the future . Nice views of rafters and insulation .
 I was please with my purchase , as saved about $ 10 to $ 15 on the product . I also recieved it in an appropriate amount of time .
 The periscope arrived undamaged and works fine . I purchased it to look into the space under my low-slope roof to see possible leaks in the future . Nice views of rafters and insulation .
 I was please with my purchase , as saved about $ 10 to $ 15 on the product . I also recieved it in an appropriate amount of time .
 I was please with my purchase , as saved about $ 10 to $ 15 on the product . I also recieved it in an appropriate amount of time .
 These shorts are GREAT ! They are great for exercising , working out , and running - yet can be used for lounging around or anything for that matter . They weigh like nothing and are breezy and cool . I LOVE these shorts ! Very good product .
 These shorts are made of a silky material that keeps the body cool in hot weather . We live in Australia where the summers are extremely hot and my boyfriend wears these every chance he gets . They also make great lounge-wear for men .
 These are probably the best shorts out there for anything related to sports . They feel so lightweight , I felt like it added speed to my usual running and cutting ! I am also surprised by the durability , they last a long time and keep the color despite the thin material .
 the classic style no pockets nice fabric just what i was looking for easy light durable shorts do n't collect sweat easy to wash strings dont come out
 Keeps me dry during my marathon training and during marathon races ... even when I spill water on them they just dry up quickly and do n't bog you down during runs ...
 I bought these shorts as a gift for my son-in-law , and he says they are very comfortable and look great . That 's all I need to know to be pleased with these shorts .
 I bought this a couple of month ago , I 've been going to the gym for over a year now , and always felt a little uncomfortable with the short I used , I searched for something like this locally but was unable to find anything , or too expensive.This are great for the gym or just hang around the house , extremely light to wear and very fresh as well , the microfiber lets air breeze in just fine . There is no pockets which is fine for the gym , but a little annoying .
 great fit and extremely comfortable . These are loose fitting and very flexible . The are easy to clean , too . They are stylish too .
 This is the most comfortable pair of shorts I have ever owned ! They are silky smooth and they feel like I am not wearing them at all -LRB- and my wife loves them on me too ! -RRB- The only downside is that they do not have pockets . Under Armour has created a newer version of these shorts which I also own and highly recommend !
 I really would love to buy another pair of these active shorts just in case they decide to quit making these , because I really love'em .
 these shorts are soft , comfortable and feel super-sturdy . i use them for the gym and the fact that they are fast-drying is a real plus - as is the price . what is even more amazing is that i received them in 2 days !!! and , there was no shipping . great work under armour . highly recommended .
 Great shorts . I only wear them when I know its not going to be cold they are really thin and hold sweat and that cools quick . They are great in the heat though . they dry fast and are air-light . Im 5 ' 10 '' 170LBS and they fit great . No need to use the draw string .
 My husband swears by these shorts . He wore his last pair of shorts multiple times a weak for over three years . A few months ago they were torn a bit while playing a game of basketball . He taped them on the inside with packaging tape and wore them for another couple of months . I thought they were getting to be a bit disgusting so I knew it was time for a couple of new pairs . Definitely recommend these .
 These are great for running because they are lightweight and slightly stretchy , but I wear them around the house too because they are the most comfortable piece of clothing I own .
 I enjoy endurance type athletic events and my days are filled with crossfit oriented training sessions . I have used these shorts in multiple events and they have never been a problem -- in fact I own 4 or 5 of them in different colors . You can do 20 + mile running sessions and the shorts will dry out fairly quickly . I recommend these for any serious athlete .
 I am completely satisfied with these workout shorts . They are everything anyone could hope for in a workout short . The best feature is the moisture wicking even through some heavy crossfit sessions . I also like the pockets and they do n't retain any post workout odor , so you can get a couple of workouts in without offending your fellow gym goers . Highly recommend .
 My son can not have pockets on his basketball shorts in the league he plays in . It is very hard to find shorts without pockets so these work great for him . They are very light weight and thin material so he does n't get too hot . He does wear compression shorts underneath so they hang straight no matter how much he is moving around . They are n't too tight around the waist and are a good length . He is 5 ' 3 '' and they hang a little longer than what the picture shows . The two colors that we purchased are exactly the same as what was pictured.They are a really good price . I just wish they had more colors in his size !
 These shorts are awesome . They are extremely light-weight ; it 's almost as if you ca n't even feel them . They are quite long -LRB- I 'm 6 ' and the large size hung right at or a little below my knees -RRB- , but I 've worn them running and they did n't bother me . These are perfect for lounging or going to the gym -LRB- I use them for running as well -RRB- . Just two complaints
 These are by far the best short I have ever owned to work out in periodMen 's UA Flex Short Bottoms by Under Armour
 Bought this product , have used it every week for soccer games , excellent feel , keeps color and shape .
 These workout shorts are not only very comfortable but let you breathe as well . I love them . They are lightweight but very durable too .
 These are great ! Very comfortable . I am 6 ' 3 '' and the XXl were almost too long -LRB- just this side of gangster - but OK -RRB- . I wear them all the time . Great for working out1
 Three things : Feels almost weightless ; always dry ; never catches . The best running -LRB- or just lounging around the house -RRB- pants currently made .
 Warning
 very comfortable shorts . great material . i run w / these shorts . and , i like them .
 I have several of these shorts . Yes , they are top notch exercise shorts , but more importantly for me is that they are great lounging shorts and the most comfortable pajama bottoms you can wear . The moisture wicking effect means that you will be comfortable throughout the night and still be ready if the kids decide to jump in bed with you and yours . As soon as I am sure that I am not going out again I change into these and a UA tee shirt . Try it , you will never go back to traditional pajamas again .
 My son loves these shorts . They are durable yet light in weight . They suit his active life style which includes weight lifting , martial arts and sports conditioning for football . You ca n't go wrong with them .
 The shorts are great for working out or just lounging around at home . Super thin and very lightweight . Running is a breeze with these .
 these were a decent price at 15 bucks and they arrived in 2 days ... however my son was n't impressed and he said mom `` they are just another pair of shorts '' we needed the green color , so that is a plus . decent , but not perfect .
 I purchase Under Armour gear for my husband each Christmas . We have yet to be dissatisfied with their products . Highly recommend .
 The shorts came in a timely manner and were the usual good Under Armour quality .
 Item arrived in new condition , packaged nicely , invoice enclosed and on time ! No complaints .
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 I teach Yoga several times a day and I prefer the quality of the straps with the metal buckles .
 Metal rings on a yoga strap are a must ! The length of this strap -LRB- 10 foot -RRB- is excellent for any position or use you may need .
 These long yoga straps make for excellent stretching tools . At 10 feet , they work for everything .
 As a new yoga student I found this strap to be excellent . I thank the other people who entered reviews previously .
 The quality is great . The D-ring is easier to adjust than other brands with a plastc buckle . I wish I had ordered an eight foot length . Even though I am tall , the 10 ft length is too long for me .
 I have several Yoga belts but I like this one the best because it is strong and has the D ring so it can be secured . I use it for better development of posture -LRB- this idea came from the `` Yoga As Medicine -RRB- and I use it for stretching also . And , the price is good so it makes a good addition to your Yoga equipment collection .
 I am using this strap as part of a rehab program for an arm/shoulder injury . It stabilizes the joint and was recommended by my therapist . Well worth the $ $
 Hugger Mugger products are the best . These straps are durable but pliable so they work well and are easy on your hands . I personally prefer the D-Ring to the plastic buckle because I feel they 're easier to use and more versatile . I 've bought straps from other manufacturers and learned my lesson . It 's Hugger Mugger from now on for me !
 Extra long and more versatile buckle . I 've been wanting one of these for a while and I 'm glad I finally got one !
 This is a wide , durable , colorful strap , that is long enough for many yoga applications , so you do n't need 2 different lengths . Reasonable price , quick shipping .
 I am glad I finally bought the 10 ' belt for Iyengar yoga . I struggled with a 6 ' and an 8 ' ones in some poses prior to buying this one . It is sturdy and a good quality yoga belt . I like the plastic buckle on it rather then the metal 'D ' ring . I had metal on the 8 ' one I have and it always seems to get twisted and that metal can be dangerous if do n't watch it.Both of my teachers use and suggest Hugger Mugger products so I thought I could n't go wrong with this purchase .
 This is a really long strap , great for taller people and men in particular . I bought this for my husband and am going to get a shorter one for myself . The fabric is great ; natural fiber , very strong , good colour , well made .
 First used one of these on an Ashtanga Teacher 's 200 hr cert course in the middle of the rainforest I accidentally signed up for and attended a few days after I re-broke my arm in two places . Used a 6 ' d-ring to bind my arm over the fractures -- successfully completed the program almost-pain-free , if not nearly tear-free . That alone gets these things 5 stars . One star for Ashtanga , especially if you 'd like to maintain the illusion there 's probably enough oxygen out there for everyone . 1/2 star for the rain forest , which is , turns out , ridiculously humid . Filled with 9 billion species that can kill you in an instant , not because they 're particularly lethal or enjoy unusual toxic properties , but because it 's so damned humid . EVERYthing 's in a bad mood there . And , because Ashtanga trainees are always winded and curled up in the fetal position and whining about the unfairness of it all.By the way , I do private lessons , reasonably priced . Call me .
 This bag performed more or less how I thought it would . I 've used this bag in temperatures ranging from 20 to 60 degrees Fahrenheit . I was definitely too warm in the 60 degree range , but a little cold at the 20 degree range . I survived the night of 20 degree weather , but was n't very comfortable . For me , this bag functions optimally at 30-40 degrees Fahrenheit ; but that 's to be expected for any synthetic-fill sleeping bag . Usually I look at the temperature rating and tack on another 15-20 degrees . 30 degree sleeping bags are usually comfortable around 45-50 degrees . This bag is fairly heavy , so I would n't use it for hiking . It is ideal for car camping and/or canoeing in my opinion .
 I 've used it on 3 tent camping trips -LRB- Walk-in Sites < 1/2 mile from car , 2 Forest & 1 Beach -RRB- WarmthThe title `` 0 degree Mummy Sleeping Bag '' is misleading . It unexpectedly dropped into the 20s one night and I was very cold . I strongly recommend a good sleeping pad under the bag to provide insulation from the ground and I would rate this a 30 + degree bag . Any colder and the `` cold natured '' such as myself will be freezing . It was very comfortable in the 30-50 degree range with a sleeping pad underneath . WIND
 This bike lock is much thicker than what the picture depicts it to be . The actual locking mechanism is HUGE and the steel cable is pretty thick.So , it 's heavier than expected - and that 's not a bad thing.Also , contrary to the description , the lock comes with five REGULAR keys . NO lighted key . The keys are also pretty sharp ... sharp enough to cut through fabric , so it probably wo n't be a good idea to keep the key in your pocket , unless you like holey pockets . I have to keep the key separate from my other keys , so there 's a chance that I may ride off and forget the lock 's key , so it 's a bit of an inconvenience.But , for its purpose , the lock does its job . I do n't know how long the velcro straps that hold the cable secured while not being used will hold up , but they can be replaced.This would have received five stars if it came with a lighted key and if the keys were n't so sharp ...
 Great lock , solid construction . Much thicker than the picture makes it out to be ! This is one solid lock for the price ... Bought it but my bike got lost in the mail so will be sitting in storage until I order a new one ... Actually bought one for my sister as well and she is liking it . While the cable is thicker than it looks in the picture it is actually really flexible and not a problem to handle unlike other cable locks that I 've had . The keys are a little sharp as other reviewers have commented but this does n't really bother me .
 I absolutely agree with the previous review about the keys being sharp . Sharp to the point where they are n't very convenient to carry around . The lock itself is great ... but ... had I heeded the other review , I would have purchased a different brand lock .
 This lock lasted me about a year and 7 months . I got it before going away to college and it has done its duty.Cons
 The issue with the keys that other reviewers were noting seem to have been fixed - my bike lock DID come with the flashlight key , and the keys were n't particularly sharp , either . -LRB- I have one on my regular keychain with no issues . -RRB- My only complaint is that the cable is a bit on the short side - locking it to some poles and even older-style bike racks can be a pain sometimes . But other than that , this is a super-tough , super-thick cable lock . I live in a low-crime college town with a VERY high concentration of bikes , and this lock seems a lot stronger/tougher than anything I see around here .
 I have used this lock for about 5 weeks and it has been excellent . It is a good length , and can easily fit through a bike rack as well as both wheels . The cable is flexible and easy to use and store . I would recommend without hesitation .
 This toy is very durable and stands up to a lot of abuse . As another reviewer stated it is not for indoor use , which is why it 's called a playground ball , or in my day , a kickball . It is meant to be kicked hard - very hard . And I have no doubt it would stand up to such use . My children are all 5 and under right now and they still have a blast with it indoors -LRB- rolling , bouncing , e tc -RRB- and out -LRB- kicking , throwing , etc. . -RRB-
 My five year old ganddaughter has this playground ball . First the good points . It is well made and very durable . She sits on it -LRB- or tries to -RRB- punches it and is rather tough on it I might say . It is colorful and does a great bounce . The only drawback would be if it hits someone this ball would definitely hurt . As we all know children miss when throwing so using it inside is not an option that is for sure . And it can wallop a real punch if it hits anyone so care must be taken when children are playing with it . It is certainly well made and has lasted in this household for almost a year now . I would not buy this ball for children under 6 or 7 .
 The cap fits great and arrived quickly . Everything about this purchase exceeded my expectations . Highly recommended !
 Simply great ! This is exactly the one used by the Cardinals players , on field , on all their away games ! Great gift for any Cardinals fan out there . Great quality and feel . Just make sure you get the correct size , because they are fitted , and do not adjust .
 The hat was exactly as described and came within just a couple of days as promised.Thank you !
 The hat got to me sooner than expected , the price was good , so it was a winner all the way around .
 We give Ornaments for Christmas that have meaning for the year . ON the ball ornament I wrote Votto MVP . These were very nice ornaments for true Reds fans .
 This is a good product , not overly delicate , but it was nonetheless very well packaged for shipping .
 Good size , really nice looking ornaments . Perfect for any Cubs fan . Arrived quickly and in excellent condition .
 extra clips are neccessary!the gun goes through ammoand the clip only holds about 45 rds .
 you will be needing an extra clip or two for a M82 because you blow amo fast . Get at least one extra mag .
 Hey...40-some BBs a mag ? That runs out fast.Good idea to have an extra mag handy . Stackable , too .
 This is a need !! If you want to stay alive on the battle field , you need this ! I take a star away because it did n't hold as many as I wanted it to . It holds about 35 to 40 but still I love it !! Overall YOU NEED THIS !!
 You get exactly what you see in the picture , it is spot on . The clips work perfectly and function they way they 're supposed to -LRB- I bought two -RRB- . Though one minot glitch is that you lose the last shot in the clip . When I ran out of ammo , I ejected the clip and the last shot fell out , it is the same thing with both the clips I bought , and with the clip that comes with the original gun.I have n't used them in any real action yet , but I filled them each twice and they worked well other than losing the last shot .
 Does what it 's supposed to , same as the one that comes with the gun . Our gun was branded Swiss Arms but it 's the same gun and it worked just fine . If you 're having backyard wars with this gun , I definitely recommend getting one or two of these extra for more time having more fun .
 its good to have but weird that in the package it says toys at the top.its fires great but the only defect is that it only holds about 20 to 30 rounds but that 's all i have to say
 By the packaging that the item came in -LRB- not the shipping packaging -RRB- I was n't sure how reliable it would be but it is legit and works great . Just wish the packaging was different . You can see in the picture the package says toys and that is why I was a little hesitant in the beginning .
 Pretty durable , I 've dropped them on concrete with no ill effects . Only problem is the little button on the mag is easy to trip which will empty the contents wherever it may be -LRB- most likely in your pocket -RRB- . Other than that I recommend you by 5 or 6 of them .
 Its a good magazin.e , and the fact that you can combine the magazines together -LRB- infinitely in theory -RRB- You can create something almost like an ammo box . Only complaint would be the last bb in the mag wont load , not a problem really . That shows wonderful it is
 i purchased this after my clip for this gun had broken during an airsoft war when i had fallen off my roof trying to snipe . luckily i was ok , but my gun magazine had cracked and i looked online for a replacement and i found this it fit my gun perfectly and i use it all the time to have backyard airsoft wars . i would recommend to any one who has this gun to buy as a spare or replacement part
 this was a good deal and it shipped quickly . it actually clips to another magazine so you can get several and put them all together .
 this was a nice item it fit perfectly with the air solf gun i baught it to go with it even snaps on to the magazine that came with the gun it goes to so u just go from one mag to the other that quickly it was a perfect acciser and looked cool with that double mag if you get the double eagle m82 airsolf gun you got ta get a spare mag with it its just goes together like slice bread and butter and its only like 7 bucks and that includes ph get one nuff said
 Let 's keep this short . You need this ! Even if you do n't shoot a lot in a battle , with the rifle , you can run out of bb 's pretty fast . I would reccomend this . It helps alot . Plus you should get the speed loader
 These mags are great ! the clip onto each other for a quick reload , you 'll need then if you got a M82 , The thing eats through ammo !
 This gun has an amazing rate of fire at full charge so you need to stock up on the clips , 30 bbs per clip runs out fast . This was the right clip i needed for mine and i am really happy with the product . Exactly as the picture .
 I received two of these clips today they arrived a day early which is great.When i opened the package they felt sturdy and reliable . Then i loaded them with bb 's they hold about 36 bb 's . I put like 40 of them inside one of the clips and the spring broke , which was my fault not the products.Which proves `` do n't overload the clip ! '' . I soon repaired the clip and and it worked really well . I 'm still waiting for the gun to them which should come in a week . In all , buy this if you want a sturdy mag for your bb gun.P.S . These clips connect so you could put like 5 of them together so you dont have to put them in your pockets !
 alright for the $ 10 thats i paid for this , and an extra 35 shots in the heat of battle , i would say is worth evey penny . My in new condition , The spring felt a little tight , but probably just needs to be worn in some more . Do n't get caught without this , unless your good at a quick draw with your sidearm .
 It does what it is supposed.It is the same as the one that comes with the gun , have n't broken yet after a month or so of daily use .
 The magazine itself works fine , but I would have liked to have more ammo capacity . The gun , especially on a full charge goes through it pretty quick . Getting more magazines helps that , but still would have liked to have seen an extended magazine
 these are nice i oredered 2 and they help alot considering my m82 only came with 1 clip so 3 clips would be good too
 this magazine is great and beautiful ! you can attach it to the side of another magazine , so you wont have to hold it while one is in the gun . that is what they mean by stacking magazine . this magazine works perfectly and looks great ! free shipping , too .
 I purchase an airsoft gun for my son at Christmas time and he was thrilled and wanted more clips so I purchased this one . Clip arrived in good time , in good condition and I have NO complaints .
 Works like it should.Mine had a small fracture in the side , but it was just cosmetic .
 these are a good theing to ge tjust dont relie on the mag claps thing the will break and if u get to many it is 2 much for the clip holder and will fall out of the gun i have brock 1 and injured another
 The Pentax PF-65ED AII Spotting Scope w/Zoom Eyepiece is great spotting scope . I bought for my son and myself so we could have a versatile `` telescope '' that we could use for both bird watching and moon gazing . It is a lot more portable than compared to the bigger 80 mm lens but well built and solid.I like the fact that the ocular lens use the same fitting as the 1.25 '' astronomical fittings so there is a lot of choices to use if I plan to upgrade . I have the 20x-60x zoom Pentax XF ocular lenses . It is a great eyepiece with good zoom . The field of view is not as wide as the fixed magnification eyepieces but nevertheless , the view through it is sharp and clearer for the price range -LRB- others scope with slightly better optics cost several thousand dollars ! -RRB- Also , Willoughby 's is a great retailer . I called them up to confirm the eyepiece and they were very helpful . They shipped the item fast.Very pleased overall .
 These were purchased for a patient suffering from a diabetic foot ulcer on the heel of the foot . This shoe is allowing him to walk without putting weight on the heel allowing it to heal . This is working so much better than crutches . Thanks for a great product .
 I bought these sunglasses , design and quality are very good or excellent , but if your face is too wide does not work , because they are for thin faces .
 The item arrived as described and fitted perfectly my Browning Citori trap gun . An excellent product and well made . My model Citori is an early 90 's model with 30 '' barrels and monte carlo stock . It fits snuggly . There are moveable padded inserts for 30 '' barrels of for longer barrels these inserts can be removed . If you are looking for a case to protect your investment as well providing a high quality display of your Browning gun , I highly recommend this case .
 I just got this case in the mail . It seems to be good quality but time will tell . The reason I wanted to write this review was mainly to say that I have a Citori XT trap with a 30 inch barrel with extended chokes and the barrel fits great . I could n't find this info when I was looking at diffrent cases so I just wanted to throw it out there for you guys .
 Case fits my XT Trap with 30 '' barrels perfectly . Case came with 2 keys and an extra brass screw with grommet . Keys and locks are more to make sure case stays closed than for security . Same key fits and opens my Browning Single barrel trap case .
 I purchased this as a gift , but I had bought another team some time ago and they are very wells made . They stay one and it has n't lost its look . Highly recommend this .
 Easy to install and quality seems legit . Does slide a little bit on the headrest but not enough to be concerned . Great product
 The jersey was a birthday gift for my boyfriend and he was really impressed ! We love the Pistons and he wears his jersey all the time . It came right on time !
 After installing these , seems my calves rub against the fairing . Seems these need to be a but wider . Either that or I need to re-install them in a different way to find that perfect fit . These are extremely adjustable . Kuryakyn does not show this item installed on a GL1800 so I did n't know whether to install them on the 1 '' vertical tube or the horizontal 1 '' tube . I installed on the vertical tube . I 'll try the horizontal tube and see if that gets me proper position . Nice price here on Amazon !!!
 These pegs are extremely well made , and fairly easy to install . They are adjustable on five axis , allowing setup for the rider 's preference . This also made it difficult to get the left and right sides to be the same , but it is worth it . I would recommend these .
 I added these pegs to my bike because I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and needed to stretch my legs . They work perfect and you can arrange them in a ton of different ways depending on your needs . The quality of the product is first rate which is normal for Kuryakyn items . My only issue was that I placed my order based off of the picture and not the part number . I received a different set of foot pegs but the offset was the same . The picture did n't match the part number on Amazon so make sure you research the part number before ordering .
 Just got this bag to go with a folding bike . Was surprised how small it was even though the description said medium . Regardless , I love the way it does hold all of my , `` Better take it along bike stuff , just in case . '' Have a small pump , patch kit , hand wipes , a small first-aid bag and tool kit so far and still have room . I would not suggest you keep your ID in the bag if you put your keys in it . If the bag is stolen or falls off , someone can find out where you live . A woman I know carries a small canister of pepper spray in her bag . She said nothing else works on dogs who run loose and love to go after persons on bikes . If you want , this bag has room for that . Overall , a well made product.I gave it four stars for now only because it is cold and damp here right now . The bag does not mind being damp but the cold makes it a little stiff , just like me , apparently ! I will update this review later .
 This little bag will probably outlast me , it 's built well with strong materials , but not too heavy . Attaches easily and even on the toughest rugged trails I ride my Mtn bike on it stays firm - even a few gnarly crashes in there too andit does n't budge . It holds my bike tool , spare tube , repair kit , a few gel packs and has a little room left to spare .
 I 've been using it for over a year now on my road bike and I 'm very satisfied with this pack . It looks sleek , easy to attach and remove , stays secure and fits a lot of things because it 's expandable . I carry spare tube , wrench set , tire levers , power bar or two and a phone in it . Once I was able to cram in my light wind jacket inside too ! : -RRB- If you use rear flashlight , it 's easily attaches to this pack with a clip and stays on .
 I have a couple of other bags from Topeak and they all appear to be very durable . This one is just the right size for a tube , multi-tool and my keys . There is still a little room for a phone if your phone is small enough . Mine is n't . My only complaint is when you have the bag cinched on nice and tight the zipper has a hard time getting past the seat . Otherwise , nearly perfect !
 The construction of the pack seems pretty good all around . Medium size is spacious enough for a 29 '' mountain bike tube , micro pump , and a mini tool without unzipping the expander . The expansion feature is probably not necessary for most people and they could have shaved a bit off the weight and the cost by omitting that feature and some of the internal compartments . The attachment strap system is a little bit clumsy . I prefer velcro to the buckles that Topeak has chosen here .
 First I am giving this product 4-star because there is a slight craftsmanship issue . The velcro is not lined up with the fabric that is sewn into . Instead of returning the product , I removed the velcro , re-aligned it and replaced it back . That solved the problem . Other than that problem , the wedge pack functions as claimed by the manufacturer . The medium size is perfect with my bike -LRB- small size road bike -RRB- . The expandable zipper is also nice to have in case you needed more space to carry things . I would recommend this wedge pack .
 Excellent construction . Without expanding , fits a small multi-tool and mtn bike size tube with just enough room for ID , phone , keys . If unzip middle-ish zipper , can expand cavity to fit a few more small items . I tried the ` small ' size , and just was n't enough to accommodate any more than the mtn bike tube , so returned it . The buckles work perfect , holding it nicely secure under the seat & to seat post .
 It 's a little bigger than I expected . It has space for everything I need -LRB- Allen wrench , spare tube , patch kit plus the pump attached to the belly of the bag -RRB- . Well built and looking good.It does conflict with my rear rack so I 'll have to decide which of them to wear when taking the bike out : -LRB-
 I bought this wedge pack as it had pretty good review . Now that I have the pack in hand I think I would have purchased the Large version . The size specified by Topeak is larger than what the pack really is . I imagine what Topeak gives for dimensions is the absolute maximum size the pack could be after you have stuffed it as full as is possible . I ended up with an extra inch of vertical space which would have been perfect for the Large pack.Otherwise , this pack is very will designed . I had no problem mounting this to my bike and there is no problem with cinching up the straps to keep it secure . The expansion zipper is nice to have . The pack is rather small -LRB- when you think about wanting to put spare tires , extra water bottles , etc. inside -RRB- , but it stores my mini toolkit and tire repair kit . It still has room for a few other small trinkets if I later decide to store them .
 just the right size for daily fitness rides and a good price -LRB- $ 12.95 , i think -RRB- . made of good quality materials and looks pretty good .
 I have a Giant Sedona DX which I have ridden over 300 miles around my town since I bought it last spring . I bought this pouch to hold the handy stuff - cell phone , wallet and a couple of energy bars . I have a blackburn rear light set right where my reflector used to be and this pouch fits between the reflector and the seat however it is bent due to the relative lack of space and smaller seat on the bike . I ca n't really use the entire length of the medium pouch and could 've done with a small however the puch itself can easily carry a failry packed wallet , a palm treo and two trail mix bars - a handy swiff knife could fit in there too with a little re-adjustment . I have ridden in a little bit of rain and my stuff inside stayed dry , the zippers work ok and the pouch hangs on fairly well . Overall quite satisfied with my purchase though I would recommend that some measurements of how long the pouch is could 've helped in my judging size better for the perfect fit .
 This pack is everything I was looking for . I prefer to buy my bike accessories from REI , but they only sold the clip-on version if this pack , which had really poor reviews for the clip breaking off . I went ahead and bought this buckle-version off Amazon , and it 's performed perfectly . It 's easy to get on and off the bike , holds a ton of stuff , and the buckles are really secure .
 Light weight , Sturdy , and plenty of space inside.Great product ! A must have for any bike.The material that it is made of feels very strong andSturdy .
 I was concerned how well this bag would fit under my saddle , since it sits pretty far forward on the seatpost . -LRB- I have a 2012 Trek FX 7.3 . -RRB- I decided to go with the Medium , because I wanted to be sure that everything would fit inside . I was 100 % pleased when I attached it to my bike . It does n't stick out any further than the back of the saddle , but instead just runs further down the seatpost . This certainly is a superb bag design , and I 'm very pleased with it.Many have recommended the strap version over the clip version . Seeing how well the strap version fits on my bike , I have to agree . The clip would only create an unnecessary gap between the bag and the saddle.I will echo another review stating that the zipped flap is a little difficult to open . This is because the bag fits so snuggly up against the saddle , there 's not much room to pass through with the zipper and my fingers . But honestly , this is a bag that mostly stores my emergency parts , so I do n't need to get into it very often . And when I do , I just loosen the adjustable strap which holds it so tightly to the saddle . -LRB- neither difficult nor awkward -RRB- I much prefer a snug fit over quick access , so for me , this bag is a win !
 Very Good TOPEAK bike accessorie!Beautiful , strong , good construction and easy to install in the bike . Very satisfied with the brand .
 This bag is a perfect under the seat bag . I keep an extra tube with along with co2 and tire levers and it all fits great ! It attaches easily , and comes off easy if you want it too . It will fit any bike !
 Fits my bike great and looks good too . It holds more then enough stuff and is very good quality . For the money you cant go wrong . I highly recommend this if you need to carry a small tool set , tube , etc. . .
 I 've yet to actually use this item , but I like all the storage space it provides and how easy it is to attach to my bike .
 I bought this for by boyfriend who was getting into riding his bicycle more . He needed a place to stash his phone , wallet , small repair kit , and keys . This little pack was able to hold all that with room to spare and without weighing a lot or taking up too much space . It hooked easily under the seat and securely held with the straps .
 good . works as advertised . stays onto the bike . and holds stuff . I like it . Would buy again . 3 more words .
 I like this bag so I decided to buy another but I got the large . Not much size difference . Large holds just a little more and I like it a little better .
 Arrived on time & well packaged . Secures well to my seat post . Smaller than I thought , but did manage to hold everything I needed . Great quality , also has a clip for your tail light installation . Very happy with this purchase .
 Fits well on my Trek Hybrid.CON
 Good bag , Originally got it for my Cannondale Super Six 4 , but it flopped alot . Ended up going with another brand that fit perfect . This bag went onto my Mongoose Mountain bike . These bags seem a bit pricey for what they do , but it 's either carry it on your person , or bag it , , , , All in all , good product .
 Does exactly what you want it to do , hold your stuff.It however DOES N'T have a `` v-clip '' for clipping under your seat .
 This pack fits really well under the seat , conforms to the space available perfectly and attaches to frame very securely .
 Nice bike pack . Fit 's great under my seat -LRB- women 's bike -RRB- because the angle is justperfect . It also has a little expansion toit as well . This is well made of good nylon .
 I 'm glad I bought this size instead of the small . This is even too small , but at least I can fit in a cell phone , keys and some snacks . I have n't had any problems with it coming loose . Works good .
 Yes , it 's a good product with a good quality . Fits my MTB well , easy to attach . Not heavy and pretty roomy
 I picked up a small Nashbar seat wedge not knowing 1 -RRB- how incredibly small it was 2 -RRB- how many things I actually needed to carry with me since I 'm a bike newbie.My medium Topeak bag overall seems to be sturdy and well-made . I `` installed '' it and I 'm thrilled - it 's large enough to carry everything without my legs noticing it during my ride . I carry an inner tube , Air Chuck Elite and cartridge , two tire levers , multi-tool , car keys , and cell phone COMFORTABLY even before I unzip the expandable section - ie . I do n't need to struggle to pull out my car keys / cell phone . Inside the bag is also an elastic loop that I like to use to keep my tube tied up , and a inner pocket which stashes my multi-tool away . If the medium still is n't big enough for you , I 'm wondering if you really need all the things in your bag !
 The product is sturdy and looks great as well . It is built with quiality material and it will last you a life time . I was able to fit a spare inner tube , a full 27 function tool set with room to spare and that 's without expanding it . Excellent , excellent purchase . You will NOT be disappointed .
 This thing is light , just like most topeak products . Where it really shines is it 's size . It 's the perfect size for all of your tube repair stuff , and a wallet and cell phone . You can fit even a little more if you try . The medium size is where it 's at .
 Purchased this to use out on rides to carry items to change a flat tire and make repairs to our bikes . So we were able to fit in the wedge an extra inner tube and Topeak Alien II 26-Function Bicycle Tool , with a extra room . Get it , you will be satisfied with your purchase if you are looking for a small to medium pack to carry a few extra items on your rides .
 I really like this bag . It is just the right size to hold a spare tube , repair kit , tiny pump and my keys and does not bother me when riding . Much better than the other one I had . This is the `` medium '' so I think the small that I almost ordered would be way too small ... this one is perfect.I have had this bag for several months now and still love it . It went through the PMC with me . It has just enough room to hold a tube , a small air pump , a `` crank brothers '' tool , a small tube of sunscreen , and maybe one other tiny thing . It is perfect for my everyday rides .
 This is a good sized pack with lots of room , but not too big . I fit a thorn-proof tube , some tools , an inflator , and two CO2 cartridges in it and there 's still room for car keys and a wallet . And that 's without unzipping the expansion seam.It 's a nice looking pack and it fits nicely under the seat . The zipper is a little tough to unzip under the seat , but that 's not that big of a deal .
 This pack accomplishes what I needed it to do . It holds my wallet , smart phone , keys , and granola bar . Could not ask for more !
 After reviewing other 's feedback , I decided that this could be at least an ok product . -LRB- Kudo 's all the people who left detailed reviews -RRB- It was very easy to install , and I can easily fit my wallet , blackberry , key and garage opener -LRB- not he big bulky one , but one that is sized like a alarm for a car -RRB- without extending the bag . Only thing I would complain is that the zipper could be a double-sided zipper . All in all , it worked great as other people indicated .
 Holds all the stuff I need , a multi tool , spare tubes , and my keys/phone if I need it to . Only hiccup is that attaching to an ISM seat can be a little more work , but still was able to get it done .
 Met all my expectations . Good product that I still use . Nothing else to say ... still in one piece and holding up .
 Very nice , slim line . I think medium is a perfect size for average person . I mainly want to put the bicycle tool and key and phone . works well .
 It is as good as can be expected . Straps to the bike quick and easy . Zipper works just fine . It has plenty of room , including an extendable portion . Could n't expect anything more for the price .
 This pack is the perfect size for my road bike . I like a small but roomy bag and this one fits the bill . The weatherproofing and reflector feature helped me to choose this item over the others . The item arrived on schedule and installed with ease . I am more than satisfied with this bag .
 I got scared from other reviewers on how small the other wedges were , so I went up to this one -LRB- Medium -RRB- . All I wanted was to keep a new tube , a C02 cartridge and inflator -LRB- BTW , check out the portland design works shiny object inflator ... it 's small and great -RRB- , and tire levers in it . I ride my mountain bike at night and did n't want the bag to interfere with my tail light mounted on my seat post by hanging down too much . So I got the medium wedge and wish I went with the smaller one . . -LRB- at least I would have liked to have seen it . -RRB- In addition to those other things , I was able to put in an allen wrench set without having to use the ` expand ' zipper.The bag appears well made and has a clip on the back for a light . -LRB- But my brightest light is fixed to the seatpost -RRB- . I also wish it would ride tighter up to the bottom of the seat , but the locking system does n't really allow that . I fastened some string to make it ride as high as possible.My first ride , I got a flat , but i forgot to include my tire levers ! Lucky for me I was only 1 mile from home when it happened . They will fit in there with ease next time.Well built bag , just make sure you get the size right .
 Good value , good quality , good design , just the size I was expecting . Ordered as a gift so the description was important - met all my expectations . Recipient loves it .
 The seams seem to be coming apart relatively early , but that probably has something to do with my putting it on upside down on accident . My wife just got the smaller one and she loves it .
 This was exactly what I needed/wanted . Read the well written instructions and was on my bike in 2 minutes . Fit everything I needed to carry . Looks like it was made specifically for my bike . Great buy .
 I fit my iphone , extra tube , cash/ID/Medical Card , granola bar and keys perfectly in this without problems . Have n't used the extension feature , but I 'm sure I will one day for long rides .
 I love this like bag!Holds my kryptonite cable lock , keys , wallet , cell phone , chapstick and cell charger ; albeit a tight fit and I have to unzip the extension portion.That said , this bag fits quite a bit . More than adequate for most needs . If you need more space ... get the large one.BONUS : - It has three places to stick a tail light -LRB- so long as your light has a clip on the back -RRB- - Unclips easily from the seat , so when parking in public places , you can remove it without hassle.WANTED : Would be nice for these bags to come with a locking mechanism
 I use this on my 52cm Cannondale CAAD10 road bike . It fits nicely under my seat and holds a wallet , keys , my phone -LRB- HTC thunderbolt -RRB- and a few patchs and a tire lever for flats . I could probably also fit a clif bar in there . No room for clothes though . Good value .
 I can carry my bicycle repair kit , two 16-gram CO2 canisters , chuck , EVO/DROID/Iphone-sized cell phone , ID and insurance card , and keys in there during a trip . I ca n't fit a spare tube with all the rest of the stuff , but unless something goes into catastrophic failure , the tube patches in the repair kit should do the job . The saddle bag is out of the way , looks fashionable on my black bike , and I had no problem putting my rear LED light/reflector on it as well .54 cm road bike frame with the saddle stem raised ~ 4 inches . Needs about 7 inches , going from the rods under the rear of the saddle down to the seat tube .
 I was n't sure if the Medium would be big enough for a spare tube , tire levers , a multi-tool and a few other tools that I wanted to carry , but it all fit perfectly on my Mountain Bike and it still fits completely under the seat ! The Large size would have been way too big ! The bag still expands more , so you can even pack in other things too if you need to ! Get the one that has the plastic belt buckles . It secures better for when you are covering rough terrain with less chance of it falling off from under your seat like velcro straps can .
 This fits perfectly under my bike seat , the straps do a good job of holding the item secure so that it doesnt rattle around . Inside compartment is large enough for an extra tube , and tool kit , without expanding . I like the inside pocket . Would recommend .
 I am very happy with this useful item for the bicycle . It attaches beneath the seat of the bicycle easily , fits well and does n't interfere with the operation of the bicycle . It stores enough basic tools to take care of any minor emergency , will hold my cell phone and is easy to access . It is a quality product with great functional atributes . I purchased the medium sized unit and it holds all of the things that I felt I needed to take along on trail rides in case of a minor emergency .
 This is a great pack . It fits in snugly under your seat and allows for the storage of more items than you probably need to take with you .
 I 've had mine for a year and just bought one for my wife . It 's very well built and functional . I put two sets of keys , my phone and my wallet in this bag -LRB- medium size -RRB- and there 's room to spare .
 The Topeak Aero Wedge Medium is sturdy and fights perfectly under my seat on a 29 '' bike without sticking out of the sides of the seat . I needed a bag that could fit my wallet , cellphone , some tools and spare parts for short-medium rides and this fits the bill . The best part is that Amazon had this for sale at about 25 % off the price in local bike shops and chain sporting goods store .
 Pretty much what I said in the title . The bag fits tightly to the bike and does not contact my legs when pedaling , which has been an issue for me with other bags . It does look a little goofy but it has tons of space for its size -LRB- I bought the medium version -RRB- . I highly recommend it for someone who is looking for something a little more substantial than a race bag .
 I was looking for a wedge pack that would hold my cable lock and a few small tools such as allen wrenches , adjustable wrench , and screw drivers . This pack was perfect for my needs . Everything fit snuggly in the pack . It would have been too small for the cable lock had it not been for the fact that it has a zippered expansion feature that lets you make it larger . It is very well made , sturdy yet lightweight , buckles easily under the seat , has a reflector and a slotted strap to which I attached a portable tail light . If I had it to do over again , I might have ordered the larger size since the cable lock takes up most of the room , but this one fits really well under the seat and I 'm happy with it . An excellent product .
 Holds my large Galaxy Nexus smartphone , wallet , and garage door opener . It sits very snug under my seat so it 's not flopping around at all . It also has the ability to unzip and expand a portion of it to make it longer . It 's exactly what I wanted , you ca n't beat the price . I was at Dick 's Sporting Goods and similar bags were around $ 20 .
 This is a nice wedge , the medium provides plenty of room and it appears to be very sturdy . The only con is it fits so tight under the back lip of the saddle that I find myself unbuckling one side to provide enough clearance to unzip the wedge and access what I need .
 I was looking at the large one but it appeared from the photos it would stick out a lot from under the seat.The medium was fine , it looks great and fits very nicely under the seat . I have enough room for patch kit , tire levers , tube , and alien tool.I can also fit my iPhone as well , although that does make it tight , and you need to unzip the extra zipper that allows for about 1/2 to 3/4 inch of more space.Very secure once attached , put on about 200miles so far and it has n't moved , and does n't wobble around while riding.Overall very happy with the purchase !
 This under-the-seat pack works pretty good , easily attaching to seat and post with velcro and snap clips . It is also very quick to remove , so it can be switched between bikes if , like me , you have multiple rides . It holds a small compliment of tools , including a tube and tire levers . It is very light , strong , unobtrusive and has a zippered extender section . Also there is a loop for a tail light , very handy .
 A very well designed product , durable with a lot of space for my needs for 50 miles or less . If your planning a cross country trip over 50 miles then I would go to the next size !
 I still amazed with all the items that I stuff in this little pouch . It can be extended to add more room . It seems to be really water proof ... nothing gets wet during heavy Louisiana rain storms .
 I like the buckle connection better than the new design . I guess the new design is a bit less prone to theft but any criminal in a rush would just empty the contents . It is not to much effort to take the entire pack with you . I like this product so much that I bought a second one for my other bike . I keep a spare tube , tire levels , 3 CO2 's , a mini bike tool , and a inflator . It also has a nice place for some id , first aid , and my insurance card . Just the essientials . The sewn on reflector is a nice detail .
 This bag is of pretty high quality and is well thought through . Its not a great bag though if you have a pretty chunky wallet . This bag is more of a cone shape than a square and I usually have to take everything out to get to my wallet . I think the hatch style door is a little tougher than the models which have a zipper which unzips the wall itself of the bag .
 Needed something to stash my wallet , phone , keys , and other stuff in when out riding . This bag is a nice size and I am also able to carry around my Sony Cybershot in case a car hits me and I need to take a picture of the license plate before it speeds off ; -RRB-
 Perfect size to keep under your seat . Has a zipper to allow an extra couple of inches expansion . Easily holds a spare tube and tools
 Es un bolso grande y practico , con la posibilidad de ampliar el compartimiento , lo cinta reflectiva es muy reflectiva . recomiendo el producto .
 Expanded , it still fits nicely under my seat and holds an Alien II , a spare tube and a patch kit.The ability to clip on a blinky is nice.The buckles definitely keep it securely attached.I 'd give it 5 stars if they used recycled materials and still managed to get this quality .
 This wedge pack perfectly fits under the seat . I can fit a key , bike tool , wallet , phone and knife all inside while the expanded zipper is undone . It straps around the seat post and under the seat . I have a K2 Hybrid bike and suggest it to anyone with a road bike . It handles bumps and rough road fine .
 More then enough space i feel that this bag is a great size fits very snug so it doesnt bounce around . doesnt get loose . has some reflective-like tape on the front i really like that . i also like how you can atach your light right onto the back of it .
 Pack is very nice , sturdy construction . Durable material . My only complaint is that the zipper is hard to bring over the top when unzipping and then back over to zip up as it is tight against the underside of my seat . Would recommend to a friend .
 Good product , seems to be well made . The Velcro strap that hold the pouch to the seat tube looks like it will wear out pretty quickly if you constantly transfer it between bikes.The only issue I have is that this is a big pouch , I can fit a 29er tube , CO2 inflator w / extra canisters , a patch kit and still have room for a cell phone and car keys . If you 're looking for a slimmer or more light weight system you should go for a smaller size .
 This purchase was a real good one for me . My last saddle bag had a different hook up that fell apart after a few years of usage . I like the way this one is put together and looks like it will have a much longer life .
 The Topeak wedge is the right bag for a daily ride . It has enough room for a CO2 inflator , 2 tubes , a multi-tool and a special pocket for your cell WITHOUT using the extra zipper extension . It cleans off easily after a muddy ride and the rear light holder keeps the unit from shifting around . It is narrow enough that you do n't bump into it like some wider bags.I was so impressed with this unit i bought a larger version for my centuries and multi-day rides .
 I picked up the medium size for my bike , and find it to fit about what I need -LRB- which is usually my smartphone , keys and allen wrenches mainly -RRB- . I did remove my rear reflector to make room for the bag and figured that the reflective strip would make up for it , but I 'm not sure how well the reflective strip works . Granted , it 's usually behind me , but the few times I 've noticed , it had n't been very reflective . And if you get any mud on it , what reflectiveness you had is gone quickly -LRB- and this will happen frequently if you do n't have guards over your tire -RRB- . There was some issue with unzipping it since the zipper runs over the top and due to space that sits right under my seat . This is why it 's 4 and not 5 stars.All in all , I 'm happy with my purchase .
 I had a much smaller bag that could barely fit a lever , tube and my CO2 in case I got a flat . I could squeeze my cell phone in in case of emergency but had to really jam it in . This bag is perfect size . Not so big that it that you can tell its there but big enough to hold all of the above and still have room for cell phone and extra pair of socks for rainy rides .
 It 's adequate for my big ParkTool multitool , a 29er tire tube , and a couple of tire levers . That 's what I need to carry , & there 's just enough room for them .
 It has room for everything I need for emergency repairs . It can be removed so you can keep your accessories safe when transporting the bike .
 I love this pack so much I ordered a second for my wife . I keep my tools , CO2 , patch kit , spare tube , and have room to spare for my billfold and cell phone . If I zip out the expansion , I have more than enough . This pack fits snuggly under my saddle and is very secure . You may find yourself buying one and coming back for another to give a loved one or friend too !
 A little bigger than I expected but it secures nicely - holds tube / tools and more and still has room to expand
 fits everything i need including a spare tube , patch kit , co2 cartridges , and still have room for my wallet , phone , and power gels . doesnt rub at all while biking . and my seat is an awkward fit for most packs , but this pack with its adjustable straps made the fit just fine . great product !
 There is not much to say about those Topeak Aero Wedges . They are AWESOME!ITs very well made , durable and they can handle every trail u might imagine!Its a essencial acessory for any MTB person ! : -RRB-
 Good quality materials and right size , fits snugly under the bike saddle . Glad did not order the large . Easily fits smartphone , wallet and tools .
 I like this bag , for three of our four bikes this bag is perfect . For my wife 's road bike it is just a little to big and rubs on her tire . I guess we will give a small a try .
 Compact and sturdy for keys , sunglasses and cell phone.Stays out of the way , under the seat
 I was looking for a while for a decent bike bag & all I was finding were overpriced , low quality bags . This bag is made very well & is quite durable . I can fit my cell phone , pack of tissues & granola bar easily without even expanding it . Since it 's a wedge design , it fits very nicely under my seat . I ordered the medium size with buckle attachment -LRB- not velcro -RRB- & so far it has n't loosened at all . Stays snug . I 'm very happy with this product !
 I have the large one for myself on my Specialized Sirrus . A friend of mine bought one too so I got it for him . The large one is way bigger but this one will fit a patch set , a mini tool , cell phone . Expanded it should fit a tube , but that would be pushing it I think . If you wan na carry a bunch of stuff , get the large one .
 Fits perfectly under the seat , takes 2 minutes to mount , and holds one spare tube and a Topeak Alien II 26-Function Bicycle Tool w/o a problem . Looks very strong .
 Bought it because of the reviews . It fit my mini tool , tube , credit card , phone , two co2 cartridges , inflator , patches , and , house keys , tire removal toolsx3 . Right fit , right size . Durability not yet tested due to time owning it .
 I wanted a bag that would be plenty big for all the essentials , and this bag is it . It very easily fits a spare tube , tire levers , my multi tool , a cell phone , keys , and id/credit cards -LRB- and there is still room to spare -RRB- . It fits perfectly on my bike , and installing it was super easy -LRB- took less than 5 minutes.I rated this 4 starts instead of 5 because the zipper tends to get stuck a little bit , which sometimes makes it tricky to open or close the bag . Having said that , overall I still think this is a great bag and would recommend it .
 This fits perfectly under the seat of my Specialized Dolce . I can fit in it
 THIS BAG IS GREAT . I AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT . IT HOLDS MY INNER TUBE TIGHT BEHIND THE FRONT ZIPPERED OPENING , tHERE IS A SPIDER WEB THERE THAT HOLDS IT IN PLACE . I ALSO HAVE MY WALLET , PHONE , 1 TIRE LEVER , 1 CO2 , 1 CO2 NOZZLE `` THE GENIUNE INNOVATIONS '' , A PARK TOOL ALLEN WRENCH SET AND A PROTEIN OR ENERGY BAR . I HAVE THE MEDIUM NOT THE LARGE . I HAVE IT ON BOTH OF MY BIKES . THE QUALITY SEEMS VERY GOOD AND THE WEDGE DESIGN LOOKS GOOD SO THAT IT DOES N'T STICK OUT FROM BEHIND THE SEAT . THE STRAPS ALLOW YOU TO CUSTOMIZE IT TO PRETTY MUCH ANY SADDLE .
 I am very happy that I bought this item ... meets all my expectations and is just what I wanted .
 this review is for the medium bag.fits nice and tight to the seat post . good build quality.I can fit a topeak pro 20 milti-tool , a cell phone and a 29er tube.The tube takes up most of the space , i could prolly fit a wallet , cell phone , mulittool , patches and still have room to spare .
 Works as stated . attaches under seat for storage of tools / cell phone!Good quality product . Nof said .
 Great saddle bag ! The medium is the perfect size for me
 I 've had this bag for just over a year . The stitching is breaking , as another reviewer has also noted . Luckily topeak is sending a new bag to me.The bag itself is pretty good . I find the zippers work open . This is mounted on a mountain bike .
 This wedge is the perfect size for all of your cycling needs . It fits my Topeak Alien II tool , a spare inner tube , and a CO2 tire inflator comfortably . Yet it 's small enough to fit directly under the seat without taking up any extra room or sticking out on the sides . I recommend the Wedge with the buckle straps and not the clip because you have to buy another mounting bracket and it does n't even look very sturdy . All in all the Topeak Aero Wedge Pack with Buckle -LRB- Medium -RRB- is certainly the best out there !
 This pack holds more than I expected it to . Easy to snap on/off my bike , and fits very well under the seat . I 'm very happy with it !
 for all the other stuff you have with you get a bag , but other wise this is a well made bag and the price is great too
 This is the perfect sized saddle bag for my road bike . Other bags I tried are just wide enough that my shorts rubbed the bag on occasion . There is enough room in this bag for two tubes -LRB- I do many long solo rides -RRB- , multi-tool , cell phone , pager , a garage door opener , and a little room to spare . I recommend the medium size with loops , as the clip contraption did n't fit my saddle -LRB- was too wide for the bars -RRB- .
 This is just a handy pack for anyone who rides a bike . It is n't bulky but carries the important things you need . Small camera , wallet , patches and extra tube if needed . Would n't be without it .
 This is an excellent biking pack . It holds just enough gear to get you out of a fix if a tire goes and/or you prefer to use it for keys , cell phone , snack ... I 'm very glad I made this choice . This is one very strong seat pack.I 'm with M. Martin . This bike pack holds just what he said it would hold !!! A REAL BARGAIN . JUST WHAT YOU WILL NEED !
 Ok . It 's a wedge . It does n't really have to do much except hold a few things and fit under the saddle . My requirements were :1 . -RRB- Well made -- check.The construction of the Topeak Aero Wedge is solid . Quality fabric on the upper portion ; the lower portion -LRB- lighter in color in the pic -RRB- has a plastic-like shell -LRB- to help repel water and dirt -RRB- . The quick release buckles -LRB- for the straps that attach it to the saddle rails -RRB- are -LRB- relatively -RRB- beefy for what they have to do . The pack has some reinforcements so that it holds its shape regardless of whether you have it empty or full . Also , when attached to my saddle , the Topeak Aero Wedge does not rattle or move around too much while I ride .2 . -RRB- Holds my stuff -- check.I needed a seat wedge to hold 3 things for my ride -- my wallet and cash , my -LRB- large -RRB- cellphone -LRB- Cingular 8125 -RRB- , and my keys . The medium Topeak Aero Wedge does so with room to spare -- AND that 's without having expanded the thing . I can easily stuff a small toolkit , tube or a wrench or two in there as well if I expand it . If you 're stuck for space , there are a few elastic loops on the bottom which are designed to hold a small hand/CO2 pump .3 . -RRB- Safety features -- check.My final requirement was that the wedge has some basic safety features . The Topeak Aero Wedge has a reflective strip across the rear of the pack as well as a loop on the lower portion of the rear to clip a reflector or a light to it . I do n't understand why so many seat packs out there do not feature this.Some other features
 This Topeak seat bag is a great little bag . The medium size is a perfect fit on my road bike . Just big enough to hold all my essentials , yet not so big that it touches the backs of my legs while pedaling . I can fit 2 inner tubes , 2 tire levers , multi-tool , a C02 inflater & extra cartridge , plus my cellphone into this bag . I also love how it slopes downward to contour the lines of a road bike . But I think one of the best features of this bag , is that there are elastic straps and a pocket to hold loose items in place so that they do n't bounce around and make a lot of racket .
 I bought this pack for my Trek 6000 mountain bike . It is just big enough for a spare tube and the Blackburn Airfix inflator/multitool . It is small enough to fit perfectly under the back of my saddle without any protrusion and small enough not to add too much weight . I chose the velcro version because they can be tightened up closer to the bottom of the saddle and more securely . The other version seems to hang from the saddle and bounce freely under it.As a side note , I have the small aero wedge pack with velcro for my Trek road bike because the tube takes much less space . A tight fit with both and carrying what I really need in case of a flat , chain problem or necessary tweak .
 This bag is perfect for any bike . It has a surprising capacity and a sharp style . The size and shape is perfect for storing spare tubes and repair tools with perhaps room to spare for keys . Thanks to the secure straps , this bag stays put and does n't budge . One reason I chose this bag over other bags such as the Specialized dirt bag is that that this bag maintains it 's shape no matter what is inside . Where other bags tend to look unattractive and deformed when partly filled , this bag always remains stylish . An excellent product .
 I generally ride between 15 and 50 miles on a daily basis . I needed a pack that would be able to hold the essentials without being huge . The Topeak was the perfect solution.Here 's what is in my pack -LRB- with the pack expanded -RRB- :1 - Inflator nozzle2 - CO2 cartridges2 - Tire sticks1 - Spare tube -LRB- 700x25 -RRB- in its box1 - Large cellphone -LRB- Blackberry Storm -RRB- 1 - DL & Credit Card1 - Set of car keys1 - Powerbar Gel PackIf I do not bring my cellphone , I can easily close the expansion zipper.This pack holds everything quite nicely and the it is firmly held to the bike . My only concern is that the zipper touches the underside of the seat , making it rather difficult to zip/unzip the pack . Other than that , it 's great .
 Based on the reviews here , I ordered a medium . It fits my bike , but it 's huge
 I was looking for a bag to hold two tubes , a multi-tool , patch kit , keys and cell phone . It was also important to me to have a secure strap mounting system . Straps may be overlooked as one might think plastic mounting bars and clips would be designed to adapt to any type of seat . This is not true as my previous bag dis not fit my new Sella SMP Extra saddle . In addition , I also wanted reflective material even though I ride with lights.The Topeak Aero Wedge pack met or surpassed my requirements . The quality of the pack is outstanding . If you want a nicely designed pack that can even secure a pump , this bag should meet your cycling needs .
 Fits nicely under the seat . I 've got two tubes , a patch kit , and a multi-tool in it and I have n't expanded it . As other reviewers have stated the zipper can get tricky under the seat , but it 's worth it for the easy acces once it 's open . Very rugged as well .
 This product is good and does what I bought it to do . It holds everything I want it to hold , it 's a great size for my needs .
 I 'm very happy with this bag . I need to carry a spare tube , a few tools and my phone . It 's big enough for all of this with room to spare . It 's still really compact under the seat . I have n't used the zip out expansion , but it is nce to have in case I need to pack in more . Loops underneath are great for carrying my pump too.All in all , great construction and lots of room for storage .
 I got the medium bag , and it is a big medium . And that 's without expanding it . I can easly fit a spare tube , patch kit , large multi-tool , tire levers , old sock for emergency chain handling , and still have some room left over for keys and snacks . I really like the way it hugs the contour of the seat post and seat . The strap system snugs it up nicely so it 's not bouncing or swaying around when I 'm out of the saddle . Typical Topeak high quality construction .
 I 'm a novice cycler , been cycling for 4 months + . This bag lets me leave my Timbuk2 custom messenger bag at home , which during the dead of summer you definitely would prefer to do . Instead all the stuff I used to keep in the messenger bag is kept in this wedge pack or mounted to the bike . I 'm able to fit a replacement tube , multi-tool from Crank Bros , my wallet , and keys . That 's about all I get ; if you wanted to carry the pump in the bag as well you 'll need the larger size . I mount the pump to my frame so it is n't an issue . The only thing keeping me from giving a five-star is that the velcro loop that goes around the seat post is a little long and I 'm afraid I 'm going to wear out the velcro because I move the bag between two bikes once a week . Also , the bag has a loop on the cover for a clip on light , but I have a wrap-around adjustable band light -LRB- easier to move between bikes -RRB- ... that type of light does n't fit well to the bottom of the bag , which has a loop for a lower light as well . So if you have the kind of rear light that does n't clip , you might find yourself having to buy a clip on light . Other than that , bag is strong and easy to open/close .
 It 's hard to judge size when buying this sort of thing online , so this was a primary concern . Luckily , the medium size pack seems just right for me . Here 's a list of what I carry which will hopefully give you an idea of how big this seat pack is .1 - 26 '' tube1 - Topeak multi tool1 - air pressure gaugeI do n't carry much , so there 's some room to spare -LRB- energy bar would probably fit just fine too along with keys and id -RRB- . The pack 's material , zippers , and buckles all appear to be of high quality . I also really like the way it fits snuggly under my seat . There 's no swinging back and forth whatsoever like some packs .
 This pack stays out of the way of spinning thighs . No chafing on my shorts . Very well made and sturdy and the tailight strap actually holds a light up without it sagging and facing towards the ground .
 Great deal for the price . Saw the same pack ar REI for fithteen dollars more . I love it very sturdy . But it is the small things that lead to a good product . The reflector strip is a fine safety feature . The zipper puts down to the lowest point of the pack to prevent vibration opening . A nylon zipper for smooth operation . A mesh inside pocket for mini items . A very well made item .
 I bought this based on the other reviews ... did it fit well , did it hold enough , does it look junky , etc. . It fits well , holds my phone , keys , cereal bar , etc , it 's stiff enough so it does n't look like a deflated baloon and it 's secure to the bike . It also has corner flaps so stuff does n't fall out when you open it.Great product .
 This wedge pack is the perfect size . Not too big not too small . Any smaller and it wo n't fit all of your essentials . Any bigger and it would stick out too much . The expandable zipper works well if you need a slightly bigger storage area . I bought the velcro version after reading some reviews that said the one with the clip breaks off . I do n't forsee any problems with this item . Only downside was that I had to flip my rear reflector upside down to make it fit right , but not a big deal at all . It has a strap in back where I can put a flashing reflector if I want anyway .
 It fits tire changing tools , spare tube , CO2 pump , small allen wrench set and when expanded can also hold my keys and wallet . functions well , easy to adjust and attach , and easy to access while attached .
 Delivered on time . Fits under the saddle well . The medium is a good size if you want your tube repair kit , extra tube , and maybe a few other small items . I like the reflective strip on the back . Very satisfied with the purchase .
 I 've had this back strapped to my bike for three years now . I purchased the one with two straps because I wanted to avoid the plastic clip . This is a great pack and holds a lot . I like the cornucopia shape ; the large opening makes it easy to use the pack . The velcro straps work well keeping the pack attached to the bike . I do n't have any problems with it moving around or rubbing against my legs when I ride . The back of the pack has a strap sewn onto it so you can attach a light/reflector if you wish . In my pack I have a spare inner tube , a large multitool , an innertube patch kit and two tire levers . There is a mesh pocket on the rear flap that is great for holding small extras . I put a spare battery and a work gadget that is a bit smaller than a lighter . I also can fit my Razor phone in here too . I commute to/from work fairly regularly so I open/close it often . The zipper is very sturdy . I have yet to try it in expanded mode.This pack is well constructed and roomy . The large mesh pocket is very nice feature . I highly recommend this pack.Edit
 Purchased this about 4-5 months ago and have been riding MTB trials heavily since . It Rides on the bike with ease and does not rub against legs nor does it move around much . It sits behind the seat very well and is securely fastened with easy snap and go straps for quick removal . CONS
 I love this pack . I put my multitool in there , a snackbar or two . Plus the inner pocket on the flap fits my iPhone perfectly .
 Good looking , durable and easy to use . Fits well in my bike . I would recommend this product and amazon 's impeccable shipping and quality standards .
 The wedge pack fits nicely beneath the rear of the seat giving and extra amount of needed storage . I just began riding again after the doctors told me lose weight or face an earlier End ! No fooling around this time.So I brought a used bike and started going places in the neighborhood . Which is great until u remember your on a bike and did n't bring a full wallet like in your car ! The funniest thing is how your passing stores with no place to put stuff.Well that 's why I got the wedge pack ! I keep small tools , a patch kit , my keys , and a packet of nuts and raisins in it.Plus a few almost depleted gift cards . Which I 've used to fill up on air -LRB- I do n't carry change -RRB- and buy frozen ice treats since I 'm out in phoenixIt 's the perfect size too , does n't get in thevway
 This is my first wedge pack and I like it . It is a little bit smaller than anticipated but it holds what I needed it too -- theTopeak Alien II 26-Function Bicycle Tool , a Mini First Aid Kit and a basic pencil-type tire guage . Anything else I bring with me on my bike trips -LRB- granola bar , keys , cards , etc -RRB- I put into my camelbak 's pockets . I do n't -LRB- but should -RRB- bring an extra tube with me and would need/like the larger size so I could put it in the wedge full time ; so I may upgrade in the future.The mount straps & clips are sturdy and I do n't feel it bouncing around or anything -- I did tighten the straps as far as possible though . It is also not bulky and obtrusive looking.I am also able to clip myPlanet Bike Blinky `` 3 '' 3-Led Rear Bicycle Lightto the loop on the front , which is convenient for night rights .
 I am new to biking and was looking for a bag to carry my random junk . After reading the reviews , I went with this bag . I strapped it on and heading to the trails . I bang around on the trails over roots , rocks etc. and this bag did n't move an inch . There was no movement what so ever.I would recommend this item . I have nothing to compare to , but I am happy with my purchase .
 This has been a great addition to my bicycle . I bought the medium size bag since I dont go on long rides . It fits a couple small tools , my wallet , keys , and phone . At that point it 's packed pretty full.The reflective material on the back is a nice touch , plus it 's easy to install . Overall a great product !
 I picked up this bag about a year ago with my new bike . It 's had about 650 miles of -LRB- pavement -RRB- use so far . It 's worked really well and is showing no signs of wear . It does like to slide down towards the seat tube making it difficult to unzip some times but it 's not really an issue . I store a tire lever , spare tube in its box , patch kit , co2 cartridge and valve , two spare AA batteries , keys and 4.5 '' cell phone in it with no room to spare . The loop on the back is handy for handing my light off of as well .
 Boy , I can hold a lot in this puppy . Tire irons , CO2 , inflator , spare tube , iphone , ID , cards , etc. . All of that in there at once!I like the reflective stripe on the back . Fits ok to my road bike , but the velcro strap that fits around the seatpost is too long . Still , I love it .
 It 's just good design all the way around . It fits perfectly under my saddle , either on my mountain bike , or on my road bike . It does add a little weight and you may have to move your rear light -LRB- if you have one -RRB- .
 I got this wedge pack for my husband for his birthday and he loves it . He liked it a lot because it extends when and if he needs to . Great product for the price .
 It keeps a Quickex Quicker Pro pump , tire levers , two spare tubes , a Crank Brothers mini tool , tube patch kit , a small rag to clean hands after flat tire repair/tube replacement with room to spare for ID and car keys if you 've driven to where you 're riding . Never had to use the expandable feature as it is large enough . I would have bought the small one if I was using CO2 instead of a hand pump . I bought the buckle attached version instead of the clip-on version as I felt it would move around with a single point of attachment to the saddle rails . Once you tighten the buckles up , it does not move , and the rear light attachment works great for my planet bike rear light .
 I bought the medium pack because it carries a few tools , a compressed air filler and a spare tube . There is very little room for much more than a power bar - and that 's just the way I like it . I would fill a larger pack and ultimately regret it . These models all have a zippered extensions that provide slight additional volume . Fits behind the seat and can be cinched tightly so it 's out of the way .
 I do mostly technical mountain terrain . With this bag I can keep my wallet , keys , phone and multi-tool
 Purchased this bag for a Cannondale road bike . Had previous experience with Transit and Cannondale branded bags on my mtb , but saw this Topeak bag got great reviews here . I ordered the medium and have it on my CAAD8 . I like the expandability feature of the bag for longer trips , but find I use it in the smaller configuration most of the time . I am able to fit a tire lever , patch kit , blinky light , multi-tool , tube , keys , and phone in the bag on the small configuration . With the bag expanded I can add in a first aid kit , sun screen , lube , and some other small items that would be needed on a century ride.Have used this bag for a year now and it still looks brand new . No discernible wear and zippers work great .
 Love it . Not too big , not too small . Just fits under my seat -LRB- Specialized Women 's 143 mm -RRB- . Holds
 This bag mounts very easily on the seat and holds quite a bit . I was especially pleased to find it even has an expandable zipper feature that gives about 2 more inches !
 Needed something low profile for a seat with lots of other stuff hanging off the stem . This one fits nicely . I also like how the zipper feels . Construction is top notch , what you 'd expect from Topeak .
 This is an excellent under seat bag . It use two quick clips to secure to the bars under the seat , and then attaches to the seat post . It is almost as large as the Avenir Bigmouth Velcro Seat Bag , and is probably slightly more secure , because it use two independent straps to attach to seat bars , rather than the one that the Avenir uses . You will need at least 3 inches or so of seat post available below the seat .
 The Topeak Aero Wedge is a nice bag . It easily holds a spare tube , patch-kit , multi-tool , power bar and other junk inside . If more room is needed , just unzip the zipper that runs around the middle of the bag . I bought the medium bag , but probably would have been happy with a small for road-biking . I like the bag but am giving it 4 out of 5 stars for the style factor . The straps hang out after getting everything adjusted . The seat-post strap leaves a lot of extra strap that is not in contract with it 's velcro mating surface . The main zipper-pull feels like it might not be too sturdy . Will see how it lasts.Groovy bag . Good price .
 this is a great saddle bag , it fits everything and as long as there is enough stuff in there it cant rattle -LRB- if you only put a multi-tool in it it will hop around -RRB- holds everything without expanding , multi-tool , leatherman , patch kit , pressure gauge , zip-ties , phone , wallet and an inner-tube if expand it . buckles are secure and easy to remove because there are two of them , one for each side . each independently adjustable so it wont swing .
 This wedge pack looks great on my road bike . My cell phone , spare cash , replacement tube , and necessary tools fit great . The buckle attachment makes for easy removal , which will be necessary when expanding the bag for additional volume . This pack fit tight against the bottom of the seat . I owned a bike shop several years ago , and this wedge lives up to the excellent reputation that Topeak has earned !
 It is very useful , perfect for what I need.I have a Trek 3700 bike -LRB- 18 frame size -RRB- , and the `` Topeak Aero Wedge Pack '' -LRB- M size -RRB- fits perfect . Inside I can put my wallet , BB cellphone , and the Topeak Alien II 26-Function Bicycle Tool . . and it still has space !!! Definitely a great purchase ! Highly recommended ! Go for it !
 I 'm pretty good at packing so I fit exactly what I need , tube , repair kit , tools , money , chapstick , powerbar and keys with NO PROBLEM . It 's sturdy and secures well . I ride 125 miles a week on my road bike through the L.A Foothills .
 Got this for my new MTB a few weeks ago . It fits great and holds plenty of stuff for the trail . I have found that it fits my bike even better mounted upside down , though the straps are a little bit more difficult to attach that way . Great product for the price like all Topeak products I have ever owned .
 What you see is what you get . Provides enough room for your wallet , keys and cell phone OR a tire repair kit with spare tire .
 Small , easy fit under the seat . Surprisingly plenty of storage space for what I need ... phone , ID , and anything else needed for that day and ride .
 This wedge pack is the perfect size for my Trek 7.3 FX 17.5 '' . It can hold my wallet , car keys , Blackberry Bold , and two Nature Valley bars .
 Good size bag for a road bike . I can fit 2 spare road bike tires , couple small tools , wallet , and have a little space left over . Good quality construction . I went for this over the one with the seat clip on top because of reviews on Amazon about the clip being prone to breaking . I 've had no problems with the strap/buckle connection .
 I bought this bag because a friend of mine had one and it is just perfect for throwing keys and id in when i go to the gym or for storing tools i my need .
 Its pretty straight forward ... . the big clips below your seat and holds stuff . It goes on an off quick which is nice . Definitely enough space for a wallet , phone , keys , and extra tube so its nice and large . I do n't notice it back there on my road back at all . The space to clip a light is pretty nice on the back too .
 Topeak makes a nice Wedge Pack . I especially like the small belt on the back that allows a red flasher to be attached since I do lots of rides before sunrise . I bought this for my Hybrid bike , but find that the medium is a little too small to fit much other than one tube , a very small patch kit , and tire levers . The heavy duty slime tubes will not fit and allow other things to be stored . I use the old thinner , non slime tube that I replaced as the spare since they deflate well and can be folded more compactly and allow other items in the pack .
 It is the perfect size for my mountain bike ... . I would highly recommend this product !
 The product was delivered quickly and I could not have been happier with the product.In summary , the heart monitor was at an excellent price and the supplier provided great service .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of the Sports Instruments heart monitor . Purchasing it through Amazon.com was easy and I received it earlier than expected .
 they really do everything you needheart rate % maxcaloriesthe case won ; t break -LSB- unlike the more expensive monitors by sports instruments -RSB- no backlightcalorie count seems inaccurate -LSB- high -RSB- zone 1 is kind of useless because it starts at 50 % which isn ; t very aerobicif it started at 65 that would be great but it doesn ; t and you can ; t change itwle .
 What can I say this is a wonderful product it does exactly what is says . I love it and I am glad I purchased this one . Amazon does it again I got this earlier than expected !!!!!!!!!!!! Peace
 This is the best thing you could buy if your going to exercise.Lets You Keep Track of time & heart rate averages , calories burned , keeps track of time execising . And times in Heath Zone , Fitness Zone , And Performance Zone . This is A Great Product for the price .
 Awesome watch at a very affordable price . It really exceed my needs and expectations , great to use during my morning workouts and walks .
 I do n't usually write reviews but this has been a reliable heart rate monitor which I would highly recommend . It has a lot of features for the price and has been working well after six months of using it every day . In fact , I am looking to purchase a second back-up watch to use or give to a friend .
 I have used this product in the past , and I wanted some back-ups for the future . It offers everything I need for my exercise .
 Upon receipt it was a bit larger than expected , however , it did n't seem to take up too much space in my saddle bag . I have a very small bag and it this tool , a C02 pump , spare tube , and some other stuff fit very well , which was a nice surprise.Overall the tool has good function and works entirely as expected . I 'd recommend it .
 I researched numerous allen tools for bike repair . The price on this and reviews sold me . Have already used it several times on neighbors bikes . Well made .
 I have several bicycles and this tool is great for bike maintenance . I am impressed with the design and with the quality of this product .
 Perfect tool . I enjoy taking this out on rides with me just incase i need to make a few adjustments !
 Surprisingly durable for a small tool . I was very impressed with the sturdiness on some of the bolts I have used this on .
 It does what it supposed to do . Only thing missing that you 'll likely find yourself needing is a Phillips screw driver . I already had a small one , so I have now complaints there .
 I purchased this tool for use on our family bicycles . When my daughter 's kickstand became loose on a trail ride I did not have an allen wrench size 10 with me , I had to use a twisty tie to keep it from rubbing against the tire . This Park tool is great to take along with a multi tool . Most multi tools do not have a size 10 mm Allen wrench.The tool is nicely made and the wrench size is noted inside the plastic handle .
 I ordered the AWS-10 Fold-up Hex Wrench Set to help me keep my bicycle tuned . It works . Tough grip , reliable . It is small enough to stash in my backpack for those points of emergencies . Being an avid biker , these small gems come in handy when you have to pull over to the shoulder of the road for quick maintenance.Even among the customers who have complained about bad merchandise , I have had the product for two weeks , use it weekly , and so far so good . It works for me . Recommended.T.B . Grant8 .13.12
 Try finding that at your typical big-box store!Cons
 Well made with quality steel that fit perfect in allen/hex head screws and fasteners . I also employ it on scope rings since most are now metric . The wrenches are secured to the body in such a manner that they do n't readily come loose . The body is some kind of high strength poly resin that seems super tough . Park Tools still making these and others in the USA to standards you expect and are worth the little more you pay
 Was using this on my motorcycle for some pretty heavy duty stuff , the handle is nice glass reinforced plastic and stupid strong .
 strong tool and easy to use . it 's a perfect size to stow away for when you really need it .
 Park tools are always among the best if not the best made . This tool is not much more expensive that a cheap set , but is precisely made and the quality steel retains its dimensions longer . Highly recommended .
 Good size and built rugged . You can torque down pretty hard without fear of breaking it . Unless you need the / really / small -LRB- 1.5 mm/2mm/2 .5 mm -RRB- sized hexes , this is the one you want .
 The product arrives on time , perfect conditions and it is a helfull safety device for divers . I recomend this purchase .
 I used it today for the first time . Works fine . The only thing I wish it was made with thicker material . I think it could rip easy but I guess time will tell . Other wise it worked good and I was able to use the hole in the middle to put my finds in .
 I have really enjoyed this product . As some have mentioned on this page i also experienced some issues with battery life . I sent in the product to the mfr -LRB- the warranty is for 2 years from purchase -RRB- the bater was replaced and I got it back within 2 days . Their service department was greatIt now works like a charm and I could n't be happier . I use it 5 times a week and have yet to see another monitor with the same features for the same amount of money .
 THe Sports Instrument Fit 3 is a great starter heart rate monitor . I had problems and had to return mine within the first month but since the replacement it has wroked like a charm . Great for setting goals and keeping up with workouts .
 I 've been using the Sports Instruments Fit-3 Heart Rate monitor for about a month now and it 's proven to be great . I especially like the ` zoom ' feature , making it easier to read . The ` chart ' mode is great also as I can keep a record of past work-outs . I previously used another brand of HR monitor that was good , but this unit is great !
 I needed a pair of u bolts for my boat trailer . 31/8 `` w x 4 `` L This is the perfect size I was looking for . Fast shippingProduct as described . Just what I needed .
 The only reason this does n't get five stars is because Amazon made me wait almost seven months for it . I ordered this with a preorder for a book that was just released . Normally Amazon splits my order when this happens to ship separately . The tee shirt is high quality , well made , and I 'm going to enjoy having it . These are not easy to find in the stores at a price of $ 9.99 including super saver shipping , so it was worth it to me to wait . However , if you want it for baseball season , you 'd better order soon to have it .
 The product was received on time and exactly as describe . Would do business again with this seller .
 I run rodeo and this bit works out great . Its an awesome curb bit with just enough leverage to get my mare around the barrel quick . Please make sure you are using it correctly ! If you intend to use this bit for gaming -LRB- i.e. sharp turns -RRB- you need to have experienced , honest , hands . If you pull out , the other side of the but will pull on the horses mouth causing the horse to awkwardly bend his or here head sideways . Direct reign is necessary , a horse that has an understanding of neck reigning will thrive with this bit .
 Firm foam holds up under poolside conditions . Makes the workout more of a challange , as leg strengh required to keep float in place .
 Durable foam as long as you do n't leave it out in the sun , as with any other pool item . A great item to use for training exercises .
 This makes a nice addition to your swim bag . Great for assisting in upper body conditioning . The compressed foam material seems to be holding up well . No complaints here .
 My doctor told me to get one of these so I could swim without using my injured hip and knee . IT WORKS GREAT ! You just squeeze this thing between your thighs and it holds your lower body up so you can swim without using your lower body . Excellent product !
 I have used the TYR Pull float a few times now . I am training for a women 's triathlon and this is a very good athletic aid . I can now perfect my stroke . The TYR is not cumbersome or uncomfortable , but seems to work well .
 Got here in a timely manner . I love to take it with me when I swim ! I first bought it because I was going through ACL rehab , but now I just use it every time I swim . It is so fun ! And , it helps that it is pink ! : -RRB-
 I do n't think a float can be made wrong , but I love the fact this one is pink ! It never gets mixed up with the ones at the gym and it 's pretty : o -RRB-
 This is a really great deal . I visited local outdoor stores and found this pair of gloves that I wanted , then I got on the internet and Amazon was half the price of the other stores . It is exactly what I ordered and I received my order in just a few days . Thanks Amazon !
 Love it ! Both of my boys used it at different times over the Halloween weekend for different parties . The kids loved it ! The teachers loved it ! We loved it ! And it is still getting worn !
 Purdue Boilermakers NCAA Youth Four Piece Uniform Set -LRB- Medium -RRB- from FranklinGood product . We had a local outfit Put our Grandson 's name on the back of the jersey .
 I used one of these for about six years . Thought it very good for the price.The alarm died after 3 or 4 years . The altimeter was no longer accurate shortly after the second battery change -LRB- probably damaged during the battery swap -RRB- . Only complaint is that it 's somewhat confusing to recalibrate the altimeter . Fortunately this becomes a bit easier with regular practice and habit.Also of note ... unlike the Suunto etc. that register altitude increase in 10ft increments , the Alta registers in 3 foot increments ; raise your hand over your head and you just did 3 feet of elevation gain.Other than that ... it was a good friend . It 's a simple tool that does just does a few things . There is no compass . There is no thermometer . Just a clock , an alarm , an altimeter , a lap counter -LRB- which I never used -RRB- , and a chronometer -LRB- which I never used -RRB- . Just ordered a new one to replace the original . Have fingers crossed it will work as well and as long as the first one . For twenty bucks , it 's a good deal .
 The first one I bought did n't work ; after the refund , I tried another . The manual is quite obscure -LRB- in 5 languages -RRB- , and I 'd categorize the learning curve as fair to poor . It 's clunky , with a wrist band that you 'd wear on the Enterprise but not to the opera -LRB- different from the pic on Amazon -RRB- . But , it does measure altitude , and change in altitude . Which is n't bad for $ 20 -LRB- many places -RRB- . Battery change should n't be that hard
 The ski watch measures change in pressure . Since you want verticle feet per day and number of runs the exact calibration is not needed . Of course if you need it for ski diving I would spend a few hundred dollars more .
 Grab it for $ 19 !!! I 've used this watch for four years with very few problems . Replaced the battery and it was n't too difficult -LRB- Avocet makes you mail their watch in in takes a month and $ $ -RRB- . Does n't really need to be reset . Manual has photo of `` Ski '' but did n't make it into the watch -LRB- but it nicely counts ski runs and total number of feet skied -RRB- . It has stop watches with lap and split times and several other functions . It 's not for the techno idiots , but others I know have given up trying to their $ 200 + Suunto 's to work . Just do n't loose the manual !
 Good mid-range tire ... Works well in the loose sand/dirt here in VA. . Knobs might be spaced a little wide , I 've come close to puncturing once or twice with some larger roots/branches .
 We love that they are selling the revolution replicas - price is fair , accurate image and mock-up for our favorite NFL team ! Shipping from this 3rd party through Amazon was mighty slow , just a heads up !
 This was by far the most affordable VT -LRB- or any college -RRB- cycling jersey I found . I got it as a gift for my father who is an avid Hokie and Cyclist , obviously he loves the VT angle , but as a cyclist he said it is great , fits well , is very comfortable and stacks up as well as any jersey he was worn .
 Very comfortable , size chart is accurate . The best is of course the logo ! Price was great too , on sale for less than $ 50 , not easy to find .
 I own the SportDog ProHunter 2400 , and added two of these collars to give me three in total.The collars work great , I 've never had a problem with them . I 've replaced the rechargeable batteries after 2 years of use , which is normal given how I allowed them to totally discharge.The ProHunter 2400 has its limitations , but that is not what this review is about . The collars work every time , and are very rugged . We have 3 large breed dogs who play hard , they have n't so much as scratched them.Note
 Got the Add a collar for my son and he said it was working great -LRB- once I called and get it programed and added on :--RRB- -RRB- a very good product and arrived when i needed it .
 I have a 2011 Allez double . It is black and had white grips - I wanted to black it out , and have the luxury/class of leather grips . These things are awesome . The only thing is that they are a little slick - which I 'm sure oiling or treatment would remedy . They 're gon na last forever and age with grace ! They are NOT as padded as foam grips - but I kinda like the feel of the road a little more . My chromo bike absorbs shock well enough - does n't bother me that much . Love them .
 Brooks handlebar tape is high quality and look really nice on my bike . However , I had a little trouble putting them on exactly right . At first it seemed like there was more tape than I needed so I cut some off , only to find that toward the end of wrapping it around my handlebars , that I almost came up short , which would really suck . These things are n't cheap . I think some instructions or visual diagrams would be a nice to have .
 I have these on two of my bikes in the `` honey '' color . They 've worn well and , as all good leather products should , have only gotten better with age . Much like leather wrapped steering wheels they are very comfortable and easy to grip - not at all slippery like I had feared.The set on my daily rider was put on in 2007 and shows no signs of wearing out any time soon . After thousands upon thousands of miles they have more than paid for themselves while taking on a nice patina.Together with my matching honey Brooks Professional saddles and D-Shaped Bag it makes a very striking combo and I commonly get compliments . It looks very retro in a classy/classic way.To care for these I put on a little proofide two or three times a year , otherwise the parts of the leather I never touch starts to show visible cracking/drying . I feared this would cause them to become slippery but if I leave them for a day after wiping the excess off they are good as new.They are very forgiving during installation and I was even able to remove and re-wrap them multiple times . I 've done this three times , twice during the initial install then once about six months after initially putting them on because they started to slip out of place - after that I figured out the trick of wrapping them very tight with plenty of overlap and they have n't moved since.The only real problem I 've had , and it 's an annoying one , is that on both sets the cork plugs broke . Specifically the wood cap separated from the cork on three of the four plugs . Where I live it is very dry -LRB- New Mexico -RRB- so it could be that the cork simply dried out , that 's my theory at least . Luckily they did n't fall off mid-ride but instead while being stored so I did n't lose the caps . To fix this I used a bit of wood glue and they 've all stayed in place since.If you 're looking to bling out your bike with something that will also add comfort while not breaking the bank I highly recommend this tape .
 Feels great . Lasts long . Unless you crash it is indestructible . Pretty spendy but if you consider it will out last 3 wraps of corks is worth it.RAIN WARNING If you let it get wet and ride it before it dries the leather softens and it can get messed up .
 Loving my new Brooks-wrapped handle boards . Goes great with my new seat . Shipped timely and easy . Thanks for everything.My bike looks awesome .
 Very nice product ; worth the cost . Well made fine quality leather , not pieced together as mentioned in a previous revise . I did have to re-glue one of the plugs with Elmers guplue but that is no big deal . The honey color was lighter than my saddle but after a week iit has darkened to match beautifully . Feels good and looks elegant . If you screw putting it on just take it off and reapply . Should last for years .
 long life , i change last one becouse a crash , not damage after 3 years of continuos use.i have 3 of them in my bikes .
 I used this tape to wrap the top bar on my bike after it took a nasty spill and got rather dented/scratched . I got the antique brown to match my Brook 's saddle and handlebar grips of the same color . It 's worth noting that it is n't exactly the same color . The tape is a bit of a flatter and lighter brown while the saddle is more of a dark and almost deep red brown.However , I have noticed that as the tape accumulates oil and wear from use it is becoming darker and gaining a bit of character . So I would n't be surprised if it looks much closer to Brooks ' usual antique brown after another few months.Overall very happy with the quality . It is Brooks , after all .
 Great repair stand . The clamp is easy to use and is very strong and it has rubber padding to protect the bike frame and the cables . I researched other repair stands and I think its worth spending a little more for the PCS-11 that has a clamp that secures and tightens quickly and easily . It is very easy to rotate the bike to whatever angle needed . It folds up for easy storage but it takes up a lot of room when its not folded up . Very stable and secure , no worries of the stand and bike tipping over . It is silver which is a big visual improvement over that awful blue color of other park stands and tools .
 Pros : - Holds the bikes in position securely.-Multiple ways of holding the bikes -LRB- Clamp it vertically on the seat post , horizontally across the frame , etc. -RRB- - Folds up nicely for storage and travel.Cons : - Bulkier/heavier than I imagined . Super Lite = Pretty Heavy IMO.-Price point , I bought the PCS-11 last month for $ 30 less -LRB- $ 1596/09 , $ 188 price today 7/09 -RRB- . The PCS-9 & PCS-10 models are just as functional considering the price/features difference between them so they may be more appealing depending on their current prices .
 This stand is very sturdy and holds bicycles in a variety of positions that allow work to be performed easily on all aspects of the bicycle . It can be moved readily to the work location and stores well when not in use .
 I recently purchased the PCS-11 from Amazon.com . It may be `` super Lite '' but do n't equate that with `` featherweight '' . It 's substantial and sturdy . As mentioned in the other review , it takes up substantial space when set up , but does fold into a relatively convenient size for storing like the PCS-10 and PRS-15 . I think it is significantly lighter than either of these other workstands which , to me , makes it infinitely more portable . All of its adjusting parts seem to be substantial and well made . I decided on the PCS-11 after doing a lot of research on stands and consider it worth the slight additional cost over the PCS-10 . Besides the obvious home use , when I do cycling trips , the PCS-11 will be on the packing list .
 Good heads . They are exactly what you expect . Just some solid good drum heads . Been using them for 3 or so months and still tunable and working well
 This is my daugheters 1st year and she loves the look of her clubs . She says they are very comfortable . Bag is light .
 This product does everything it is suppose to do . I only wish that you were n't required to suck the liquid out through the provided `` straw '' . I would prefer that you could just invert the bottle and drink from it that way . Regardless , it still meets my needs ...
 Purchased this because the water at work tastes terrible , this thing is amazing at removing the awful taste . I have not had to use it on water of unknown quality . Suck or squeeze to drink , bottle can leak if lid is n't on tight or if o-ring seal is out of place . I wish they sold replacement straws . A + + product .
 The bottles I ordered arrived quickly and in excellent condition . I 've used this water bottle before and I like the design of the bottle as well as the taste of the filtered water .
 IT WAS JUST THE BEST THING I EVER BOUGHT FROM AMAZON . THE CLOTH WAS GREAT . SUGGEST THIS TO MANY PEOPLE .
 I purchased this as part of gift-pack set for a Husky fan who I knew would be attending a game , and thought it would make a fun addition to the overall theme basket . I was pleasantly surprised to see that for the price -LRB- about $ 15/shipped w.Amazon Prime -RRB- the quality of the material was a thicker denier than expected , the straps had decent weight to them -LRB- albeit still cords -RRB- & the capacity of the napsack was larger than expected . The colors & print emblem of the UW logo were bright & vivid . Overall , would recommend this brand/style for a fun , inexpensive day bag to carry a few light items in .
 The inside pocket started to shred on me , so I just took some scissors and cut it out . Now it 's just one bag with no pocket and the zipper does n't really do anything . Other than that , I like it . I use it for the gym . GO DUCKS !
 I bought this as a secret Santa gift , it arrived fast and was very nice looking , the quality felt comparable with some of the better made string packs . I was proud to give this a a gift and the receiver also enjoyed it very much ! He says its perfect for the beach , and says he can put sunscreen , a bottle of water , towel and t-shirt in it and if fits , but is a tight fit . Great gift for any FSU fan on a budget > $ 10.00
 This pack has been sturdy and has traveled thousands of miles on foot , plane , boat and trains . It is nice in that it folds down to fit inside of luggage to give a second option when flying , but holds more than expected when used . It was well worth the price paid to show off that Hokie spirit all over the world !
 Purchased this Duke bag for my grandson as a prop for a school project . He 's a BIG DUKE FAN ! The price was great , and the bag was even larger than I expected . Well made and will be put to great use ! It just went to summer basketball camp with him !
 I got this for my 6th grader and he really likes it . The bit of padding in the back is nice when toting books around . Keeps its shape and of course is has fantastic Razorback pride : -RRB-
 Overall I like the item , but was disappointed with the lining . It states in the description that it has a PVC lining for damp items - the reality is only the bottom 5 inches or so is PVC lined the rest is just the bag material - a little disappointing . The description needs to be changed to be accurate .
 My son really wanted this bag . Unfortunately , you do not ship to APO , so we held our breath , shipped it to grandma who turned around and mailed it to us . Fortunately , it did arrive before Christmas .
 I am a fencer and liked the design of this protector . I have been using mine for 6 years now , and still love it . The sports bra piece is very comfortable and I can wear it to the club , when I suit up , I just slide the plastic guard inside . For any other fencers out there , your standard full front plastic guard will easily fit inside the bra piece - just remove the straps . It is much more comfortable to me than wearing a typical strap on chest protector over a tee.Donna
 the bulls jersey came quick and i was told about what was happening step by step
 I bought these months ago , and forgot to review them . I am a gym rat , and am pretty hard on my gloves . I use mainly freeweights , and hate the callouses that build up from the roughed-out bars . I go to the gym 4-6 times a week for about 2 hours or so a day.When I first used these gloves , they were rather tight , but after a few uses , they mold to my hand perfectly . They are snug enough to protect my hand , but not tight so they cramp or cut off any circulation -LRB- even when gripping a regular bar -RRB- . I have washed these in my clothes washer and they are just fine , too.The one thing that I see as a negative with these -LRB- but this is with most workout gloves -RRB- -- the finger coverage is n't quite long enough for me . I 'd feel better with about 1/8 -1 / 4 inch longer fingers on the glove . But they are n't short enough to cause any problem.All in all , I can see these lasting a LONG time , even with the heavy use they get with me .
 I have been lifting weights since 1985 , and since that time , I have never found gloves for women until now . I have always had to settle for whatever size I could find in men 's . Finally I have a pair that fits . These are well made and fit snuggly -- may be a little too snug as they are difficult to remove . Regardless they are still worth what I paid for .
 I 've used these for over 2 years . Only now are they starting to show some holes from wear and tear . The velcro makes it a breeze to get on and off . I have pretty small hands and they fit my perfectly . Great neutral color and design.I always feel like a badass when I put these on . Gloves on = business time.I 'm ordering my 2nd set now !
 I use these gloves mostly for pull-ups and other hanging exercises . They are snug , but not uncomfortable , and they work great . I bought them especially because they 're machine washable .
 Easy to use , even in the cold . Provides enough of a deterrent so that my skis are n't the easy target .
 I have a really nice bike . I do n't ever leave it stored outside for long periods of time . Either it is safely inside my garage , or inside my home , or I am riding it . Occasionally though , I want to park it outside very briefly while I go in to grab a coffee somewhere , or an energy bar . This lock is perfect for my needs because it weighs almost nothing , and easily fits into my small under-saddle bag ... the only bag I have on my bike.Yes , one could cut through the cable on this lock with a big set of wire clippers . Where I live , most people are n't walking around with those . This lock is perfect for stopping casual and opportunistic thieves from riding off on my pride and joy . It wo n't stop the professional thieves , but let 's be honest , there are few practical bike locks out there that will stop a guy that makes his living stealing bikes.This lock is incredibly convenient , well built , small , and easy to use . The cable is very flexible , and coated in clear vinyl so it wo n't scratch your finish . Also , the combination is user-selectable and very easy to set and rest.I highly recommend this product if you are looking for the type of light-duty protection discussed above .
 This little lock does exactly what it is supposed to do
 I use this lock for my bike whenever i know that i 'll be nearby or indoors for a few minutes , like if i 'm going to the supermarket or eating out . it 's more convenient than using my onguard 5019L for every little stop i make and it 's security enough so that no one can get away with my bike by the time i get there to handle the situation .
 This lock is well constructed compared to a `` master '' brand I owned . You have to consider what you want to use this for but it is usefull to me . I travel a lot and sleep by myself in airports so with this lock I can secure my bags beside me . Also I often go to sleep in facilities that do not have locks on doors , or desks or cabinets without lock hooks or holes , so I can get this through the handles even is they are far appart to secure . Not the strongest but those the job .
 Bought this so I could lock up my bike for short durations at places where theft is not expected -LRB- e.g. , suburban or rural areas -RRB- but does occur . Not for downtown . It was easy to set the combination . The lock has opened/closed easily every time . The cable seems more than sufficiently thick to prevent cutting with a pocket knife or such -LRB- though I have n't tried ! -RRB- and , of course , somebody now ca n't just jump on the bike and ride off . Hardly weighs anything . Very desirable since most of my rides involve serious climbing .
 According to the reviews here , it appeared this lock would either fail out of the box or work well indefinitely . So to hedge my bet , I ordered 2 . Both of the units I received work fine . They allow me to reset the combination easily , the cable extends , retracts , and locks smoothly , the combination dials are easy to spin , and the case is a thick and sturdy plastic.It 's low-grade security , but suits my purposes . Like hiking in bear country , you do n't have to be faster than the bear , you just have to be faster than the slowest nearby hiker .
