 Well , this is one of those `` you get what you pay for '' kind of reviews . Did n't pay much , did n't expect much , but basically functional would 've been nice . The generator came broken -LRB- probably a miswire internally -RRB- . Yep , I checked the outs with a meter ... and if I finagled the probe inside and touched the right spot , I got voltage . Just not externally . Too much trouble to return it and convinced my 10-year old to go with a real light powered by batteries .
 I installed it on my wifes bike , and the second time we went out , the generator fell apart !
 I still have n't figured out how to put this light together . When I do , the wires appear very delicate and I doubt it will even work . The directions are atrocious . But at least it does n't require batteries , so you can feel good about not destroying the environment too much .
 this thing is nothing but s piece of junk it came broke , didnt , work i wouldnt of rated it but i had to : -LSB- DO NOT BUY THIS ITEAM-it is nothing but a piece of junk
 I used the generator for a circuits project and it works pretty well with little resistance , however the wire connections seemed cheap and very loose . I would recommend buying a battery powered one with rechargeable batteries if you 're worried about the environment .
 I purchased this product 3 weeks ago . I purchased this because the ball is soft and does n't hurt the little guys.I have 4 children that LOVE the game however after use the ball started to rip . It is now ripped from the pole and I have been unable to locate a replacement .
 Purchased these socks looking for the right balance of light construction and cushioning . I found only the light construction part . While they seem durable enough , the socks are way too light to provide an adequate barrier between my shoes and my feet . It 's easy to earn a blister on anything more than a short run.These may be just right for someone who does not punish their feet with marathons and triathlons , but just not substantial enough for me .
 When trying to install the products attachment brackets to the boat railing three of the eight screws supplied sheared off . When attempting to attach the cover over the frame , I discovered one of the velcro pieces sewn into the cover was coming unraveled . The center support pole that installs across the top and runs from front to back is supposed to have a pocket for the pole to fit into sewn into the cover at each end ; mine only had one pocket making the center support useless . Got in touch with Taylor Made customer service to resolve the issue . They arranged for pick up of the defective product and said a new one would be sent right out to replace it ... . over three weeks later and I still have n't received it . I think it will serve its purpose once I ever get the darn thing and it 's not defective !
 this product is good for child I guess . . cause it is a little thin ... but it is better than the one I saw on sports authority which is thiner
 $ 459.99 for a pair of bike shorts ! Wow ! What a deal ! How about an offer of $ 5 instead ?
 I just received two of these guns today and they both broke after about two minutes of shooting , do n't buy it !!!
 I hate this gun . It barely shoots fifteen feet at about 50 feet per second . It looks and shoots cool , but it really sucks . I do n't recomend it at all
 When I ordered this product , I did n't see a size chart and I was sent a size that is not suitable for the purpose intended .
 Sorry I know this is supposed to be a review of the item , but I want my complaint heard by anyone that might buy it . The hat itself is great , if you buy it at the store . New Era hats have large bills and a tall crown , but as long as you do n't have a tiny head it will look fine . My complaint was that they shipped me this hat in a dvd box . Seriously . The hat was completely flattened , leaving two huge creases on either side of the logo . Ruined hat if you ask me , and will be returning immediately . You 're probably better off buy this item in a hat store and spend the extra few dollars , at least they will have treated it right up to that point .
 I ordered this item for a Xmas gift , however when we put the picture in with the matting it did not fit , the frame and glass were crooked so picture did not fit . However you could not see this in looking at the product only when you tried to fit the picture and matting together in the frame.Very disappointed in this item and would not order anything made by the Memory Company again . I have also contacted the Memory Company who makes this frame to see what their response will be .
 I used these once then used a Kleenex to wipe one lens that was a little smudged . I have microscopic vision and I noticed it was scratched AFTER I used the Kleenex , so to be sure , I used it again and sure enough , it scratched the lens some more . I compared the 2 lenses and the other lens looked pristine , whereas the one I used the kleenex on was scratched all over ! Very low quality lenses ! Unusable after one use !
 This rack is a piece of junk . Within 1,000 miles , a part has fallen off , the pin bent , the frame sagged , and has rubbed my $ 2,000 mountain bike frame down to the aluminum . DO NOT BUY THIS RACK.For the initial journey , I put only three bikes on it for a long trip . The weight of the bikes was well below the max allowed . After my first leg , I pulled over to notice the rack sagged significantly . So much so , I removed all bikes to ensure the rack was not failing . I found the pin bent only after 400 miles ! As my trip went on , the rack continued to disintegrate . The rubber frame protector holding the frame to my bike fell off -LRB- do n't ask me how as it was snuggly fitted to my oversized mountain bike frame -RRB- . The metal to metal rubbing destroyed my paint and rubbed through my hydraulic brake line . My kids ' bikes were also rubbed , dented , and scratched.Buy any other rack but this one . I personally will return to a roof rack for all my bikes .
 I bought this product and would NOT recommend it to anyone . The rubber tubs are sticky and you need to wear gloves and it leaves marks on your bikes . The red rubber protecter fell off the first time it was used . The lock that was recommedned to go with it does not fit . When the tubes are locked in place you need a hammer to get them to release . The tire holder rails will not lock in place even with a pliers . I used the product as instructed in the manual and my bike fell off in the middle of an intersection ! If you use this product than you need to bungi your bike in three places to secure it ! Do Not just use the hooks !
 I assembled the rack fairly easily . The bicycle restraint seemed to work wonderfully . This is a very good rack for transporting a diverse set of bikes -LRB- think a couple of adult bikes , one 20 '' for your kid , and your youngest 's 16 '' wheel -RRB- . All doable . This all worked and worked well . Unfortunately , when I attempted to fold the rack into the stored position on my Nissan Murano , the rear fender of the vehicle prevents full closure -LRB- by about 1/8 '' -RRB- . I bought a hitch receiver extender , but called swagman to make sure this would work . They informed that this would be disastrous as other people have tried this and the rack has literally shaken itself apart . Other than this , they could provide no insight as to how to get this lovely rack to work properly with my Murano . I considered having a custom part machined for me to fix the problem , but it was priced out at about $ 150 . At this point , I am returning the rack to my LBS and will probably buy a Saris Cycleon , which is a good bit more money but will hopefully be a turnkey solution.The problem I had was obviously specific to my vehicle type , but having considered the design a good bit , suspect this is could be an issue with anybody operating a car with add-on receiver .
 This knife is terrible . It was cheap , so I should have been dubious about quality . Save your money for a better knife since you can easily cut yourself with this knife . It 's made of cheap plastic and soft metal parts , so do n't count on the blade locking properly . It 's an insult to even have a fire fighter logo . Do n't make the same mistake in buying this poorly constructed tool .
 It came eith a hole , so from day 1 i coul n't use it without a patch , and i had to buy another patch because this one did n't work either
 Guess I knew we were gambling when we bought this , since about half the existing reviews said it arrived with a leak . Remind me to never to go Vegas , right ? It arrived , we blew it up with the built-in pump , which worked like a charm . Seemed like it was pretty comfortable ... then my son took it on a sleepover , and woke up the next morning flat on the floor . Returned it to Amazon as a defective item for a full refund . Thinking I like another reviewer 's idea of just buying a regular twin-size mattress , since we would usually be using it at home anyway , then maybe get one of the pump-less airbeds for the occasional road trip , since those have better reliability stats than the ones with the built-in pump . Live and learn ...
 I bought this for my 9 year old to sleep on . We used it the first time and everything was fine . Pulled it out a month later and it has a slow leak somewhere that I ca n't find to repair . Basically a waste of $ 35 . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I ordered this bed for a visit by my 4 year old granddaughter . We had to add air to the bed every morning . I had this experience with another brand , but hoped this one would be better . Definitely NOT worth the money .
 The price is great . The bed looks good . I have ordered several over the last few years . I 've only had 2 last 6 months or longer _ The most recent one I ordered had a leak so I returned it for a replacement . The replacement started to leak 32 days after receiving -- 2 days after the return policy . All I can say is if you need it - order 2 ; because it 's likely 1 will start leaking pretty soon . Unless you only use it occassionally . I use mine every day .
 It came with a leak I ca n't find . Rating it no stars was not an option .
 I 've owned many air beds , and many of these . How well they will work for you depends on how often you use them . I like them because they maintain even pressure on your body . The reason you move around while you sleep on a non-airbeds is because of the `` hot spots '' that develop from too much pressing in one place for too long . I 've also had several AeroBeds , made in the USA , with built in pump and sleep number control , several different and expensive type air springs , and INTEX , made in China , standard rib springs , with separate battery operated plastic pump . They last between 6 weeks and 6 months with the average being around 3 1/2 months . The AeroBed quality was better , more consistent life , but lasts only 20 % longer , at 10 times the price . If you go AeroBed , get it from a store that takes care of the warranty for you . I went for years on free AeroBeds until they stopped carrying them . Since I 've purchased these.What goes wrong
 I had to try sleeping on it the first night - in a couple of hours it was less firm , which made it difficult to roll around on . It did n't take long to realize that buying this bed was a mistake.Returning it will be very difficult because it is almost impossible to fit it back in its original carton -LRB- because one can not evacuate all of the residual air necessary to make it fold up small enough -RRB- . Prospective buyers should be mindful of this .
 We used this for less than 21 days for a guest . It does everything as advertised except that it began to leak air ; by the time you wake up in the morning , it has shrunk to less than half it 's inflated height . There is a patch kit included but we could not find where the air was coming out . We had to return it to Amazon . We bought a single folding bed instead with a memory foam mattress , not compact but less risky than an airbed .
 I bought this air mattress to use while my new bed was being shipped from back east , the bed lost air every night and I woke up almost on the floor . I tried to send it back but it was impossible to get back into the box .
 We purchased the Intex Inflatable twin bed with built in pump . After a few uses it started leaking air . By the middle of the night , it was down to about half full . So , being we are out of the 30 day return time frame , we are just out.If you buy this , good luck .
 Using this air bed was a nightmare to my husband . It is not firm and loses air easily . It lost half of the air in 30 minutes . When my husband got up from this bed in the morning , he was almost on the floor . He slept as a curve during the night , which really hurt his waist , which affect his movement . Definitely will return to Amazon today .
 This looked like a good produce and inflated easily , but would not hold the air . I am very upset that in returning , I will not get full refund for this defective product ! There will be a restocking charge , which is rediculous because they ca n't sell a defective product !
 I purchased this bed because I wanted to put it in a very small living room space . -LSB- The space is a combined livingroom/dining area . -RSB- I thought it would be suitable for a reading area . I planned to put a nice cover on it and some throw pillows.The bed has a coil type surface . I find it uncomfortable . It makes creaking noises while in use . I 've owned it just about a month . At first , no extra air was needed . I added air about once a week . Now , it needs air several times a day . I considered returning it , but will not because it was very cheap.I also purchased the Intex Supreme Air-Flow Queen Airbed Nylon flocked with built in electric pump . I have n't used it yet . I purchased it for use as a guest bed.I own the previous model with the memory foam top . I received it as a gift . It was comfortable . It started losing air after about a month and requires refills often . Finally , the pump broke and no longer works . I use a manual air pump for it now . It does n't stay full for the whole night . I could n't send it back because the postage cost too much.Suggestions : Buy products at this site that are sold and shipped by Amazon -- NOT other sellers . Amazon has supersaver shipping , ships in a timely manner and is great about reurn and replacement of items .
 Dear potential sucker , My first airbed by intex sprung a leak in about a week , so I obtained a refund . I bought this model next , and it lasted almost twice as long!I am now on my third . I should have learned my lesson , but my current intex airbed has been around for about one year , and currently has 9 , count 'em , NINE leaks . Everytime I patch one , another springs.Intex also makes inflateable boats . They must get sued for a lot of drownings . No wonder they have no email contact . If you buy ANY intex airbed , you are buying utter garbage.Sincerely , SidWa State
 I bought this bed at the end of May so that I would have an air mattress available if a guest were to stay . I first took it out of the box it was shipped in more than a month after it arrived and set it up the day before my guest was to arrive . It sat in an unoccupied room for one night - no one slept on it at all and lost substantial amounts of air . A serious amount air leaked out - it was visibly noticeable . I can not imagine how much air would have leaked had a person slept on it . This is a horrible product . It was past the 30 day refund from Amazon and after being on hold for over 20 minutes waiting to speak to an Intex rep , I gave up . You are seriously throwing your money away if you purchase this item . It was never slept on - period - and is unusable .
 I bought this to sleep on while I moved it to my new place and used it about 6 times before the seams on top came apart . I never realized how important the seams were until that dreary night when at 3am they started to come apart . I turned to my side and another came apart . I turned to my other side and the rest came apart -LRB- I weigh 120 lbs if it matters -RRB- which turned the bed into one giant ball . Since the seams are gone there is no shape and if you lay on it the air is distributed to the opposite of your weight ... I ended up in a hammock type pose . I let some air out in hopes it would bring the top down but nope , instead I sunk further.I called the manufacturer , emailed Amazon for the contact info to be sure , emailed the manufacturer again and finally got a response . Although some models come with a 90 day warranty , this one did not so I was SOL.Never again . Buy yourself a cheap mattress instead , at least it wo n't break and the comfort will be about the same .
 So I 've had this product since July 2011 , and it is now in the trash . The seams do not hold up and 2 have released , creating giant ` bubbles ' in the mattress rendering it unusable . I paid nearly $ 50 for this back then , and only used it 3 or 4 times . Very disappointed in the poor quality of this item .
 A comfortable bed for the money . But I 've had 7 or 8 of these , and they ALWAYS fail in one of two ways :1 -RRB- An external seam will break , usually near the head area . To fix it , use a good size piece of Gorilla Tape -LRB- forget the enclosed repair kit -RRB- and press down very hard around the leak so no air can get out . No need to deflate or remove flock from the area , but you have to press down carefully and firmly .2 -RRB- An internal seam will pop -LRB- usually in the middle -RRB- and create a huge bubble in the center . No way to fix that , unless you want to use pillows or folded blankets to level out the low areas.That 's my advice . I 'm still looking for a good , sturdy alternate model .
 I had a twin size Aerobed mattress for several years and I was very happy with it . When it finally developed a leak , I went shopping for a replacement . I decided to try Intex rather than Aerobed because it is 5 '' longer and I read complaints about recent models of Aerobeds having leaks . As usual , I read all of the Amazon reviews on this bed and I noted the complaints about leaks , but it seemed like a large majority of people were happy with it . I decided to give it a try since Amazon has a good return policy.When I got the bed , I had it inflated within 5 minutes of removing it from the box . The inflation process is very quick and easy and I found the bed to be comfortable . Unfortunately , when I came back an hour later , the bed was noticeably soft . It hit the inflation button and quickly the bed became firm again , but again , and hour later the bed was too soft to sleep on.Amazon is sending a replacement and I will update this review . If the second bed leaks , I will not try the Intex brand any more.Update
 I wanted an air-bed because I move from one place to the other almost 4 times every year . Moving an airbed is so easier compared to moving a traditional bed . So I started looking for airbeds on Amazon and this one had some good reviews -LRB- 4 out of 5 -RRB- . So I bought this bed finally . The shipping was late . The free super saver shipping is a joke as I had to wait for almost 10 days because I did n't want to spend another 15 bucks for expedited shipping.The bed itself was fine for the first one month . The , on one middle of the night , there was a hissing sound at around 2 AM . I got up to see what it was and realized that there was a hole in the bed . The `` puncture kit '' that came with this bed is a joke too . They do not show it too well in the pictures but this bed had some folds along the sides of it that kind of come out when you inflate the bed . Unfortunately , the hole was in this fold and it was hard to patch it up with the repair kit.I would have returned this item but all this happened on Dec 5th while the return window for this product closed on Dec 2nd . It was almost as of the manufacturer knew what would happen to this bed after 40-45 days of use . So I can not return it now and that is money I will never see in my life again .
 I 've bought several air beds from various manufacturers . I bought one identical to this one 1 1/2 years ago . It was comfortable but lost air after 3 months . I justified this as the user may have not taken care . However , I now believe its the brand . This one would not inflate at all . I will not buy this brand again . I 've had great life from a better brands .
 I ordered these beds because my grandkids were sleeping on the floor and couldnt afford real beds and in less than 2 months both beds have popped . They didnt jump on them they just lost air seemed like the seams were the problem . 1 bed was replaced but the other remains not replaced . I would never buy these type of beds ever again or this brand . They were not cheap and I cant afford to replace them again . So now they are back to sleeping on the floor again . I heard they were good or I would not have ordered them . I am terribly disappointed .
 I ordered 3 of these . They are sturdy , comfortable , and stay inflated . The electric motor in each easily and quickly inflates and -LRB- almost -RRB- deflates them . The height also makes them feel more like a real bed.However , if you want to completely deflate them for storage , that can be a real trick . I could never deflate any of them completely , so in frustration I cut one open to see what the problem is . A design flaw allows an internal plastic flap to cover the deflation port when they are almost empty . The more you try to vacuum or squeeze out air , the tighter the flap seals the port , sealing in the last bit of air.Now I know , and there 's nothing I can do about it , but I feel better after attacking one with scissors ...
 I bought this for my four year old he in between beds and wanted something temp since we are planning to move to another state and did n't want to by a bed we would have to move so decided to by this . within a week had a first hole patch everything fine two week later another leak think it coming from where the motor is . . we had a queen size on from same brand it that happen to that one as well . The one without the built in motor never had an issue with which is what we are using now . I also do n't like the top it not comfortable with the humps .
 Currently , there are no wholes throughout the bed . But , for some reason when I wake up . The bed is already out of air . I only weigh 120lbs . I do n't understand why it does that . Please save your money , when you start to have the same problem .
 I purchased the first airbed and found it to be exactly what I wanted . I ordered and received a second one which I have not yet used . Meanwhile , the first one has sprung a leak and is not usable . Big disappointment . No reason for leakage as it has been used only for small individuals .
 If I could give a 0 star I would.So I bought this airbed while I had a friend visiting so she could use my bed . It seemed to work just fine the first night . However the second time I inflated this bed and slept on it , I got the worst night of sleep ever . During the night , the air slowly came out of the bed -LRB- I have checked all over for leaks or holes but could not find anything -RRB- . I woke up several times to a half inflated bed and then had to re-inflate the bed again only to wake up an hour later to the same condition . Needless to say , I am extremely unhappy with the product . Hope Amazon will let me return this terrible thing .
 We purchased this bed for an extra for when the kids come over . Nice looking , but do n't let looks deceive you . By the morning , you wo n't have any air in your bed .
 It actually lasted a whole month until it decided to deflate and go flat . I guess I am just hard on blowup beds.I was using it every day as a regular bed , perhaps it would be better if used for visitors only .
 This product is very difficult for me to use . The air pump does not connect easily and I would not recommend it .
 I received this air mattress and was very impressed at first . It 's only been a couple of months with sporadic use by an average size/weight person and it 's now unuseable . Two of the seams along the top of the mattress have now `` popped '' so that the top of the mattress is 1/2 big bulge and 1/2 normal . There 's no reason this should 've happened . When only 1 seam popped it was still ok , but with 2 gone we have to throw it away .
 Everyone who slept on this mattress , ended up with a jumble of bedding after a few tosses and turns . I would not recommend it .
 Was so excited when I found this . I have slept on these small skinny air mattresses that are like a few inches tall when inflated and always would fall off them during the night or end up underneath them . So ordered this raised airbed thinking since it 's like a size of a regular twin bed it would work out great for camping . Went camping for a weekend with this . The first night I inflated it , it sagged a bit so thought I just did n't put enough air in it so I pumped it up more until it was nice and firm . By bedtime it had deflated a little again . It was annoying but I slept on it anyway and it ended up being okay . The following day I had to put more air in it twice and by bed time it was even more deflated but was too tired to do anything about it so slept on it anyway . At 4am woke up to it being about 1/3 to 1/2 flat , somewhere in there and my back was killing me . So decided I had had enough and finished sleeping on the ground , which ended up working out better . Never going to get a raised airbed again , or at least not one with a built in pump .
 When it started leaking I could n't find the leaks . First the top started leaking , later the bottom so now I have totally given up on it.It was comfortable before it started leaking .
 it inflated easily and was very firm , by the morning i noticed it was considerably softer , and as i sit here now typing this i find myself gradually getting closer to the floor . easy enough to reinflate , but still , this should not happen the first night .
 I bought this for my 8 year old to sleep on in temporary housing during a corporate move . This bed did n't last two days and it came apart in the seam where we could n't patch it . I would not waste my money on this product again .
 I used the bed 3 nights and it started leaking on the fouth night . I contacted the seller and was told to find the leak . If it was in a seam it was under warranty . I tried to find the leak , but was unable . I emailed them back to ask the best way to find the leak . I received NO response.I did a little reasearch on the web and found MANY people had a problem with this bed.So I am unable to find the leak and unable to use the bed.I an not Happy with the company I purchased if from and will not recommend them to anyone !
 i only used this bed about a dozen times . it was never really all that comfortable and the last time i inflated it , a huge lump developed right in the middle making it unusable . there is no way to get rid of the lump and it is rock hard solid . it raised up about 3 inches high and is about 15 inches in diameter . its too late to send it back now so its going in the dumpster . i have since read other reviews of intex doing the same thing . i will NEVER get another intex again ... i am going back to aerobeds !
 leaks after leaks after leaks . i have patched them with super glue and bike patches and they just dont seem to stop comming . i am tired of patching them . dont ever buy a air mattress . just fork out the cash for a good mattress .
 Great product for my visiting 3 1/2 year old grand daughter ! Stays inflated well.Fair price ! Easy to inflate and deflate !
 i dont know why these guys are trying to cheat . i paid full amount and i was expected to receive a twin size airbed but when i opened it it is actual size is single sized matress ! so this company is baad ! will never suggest it to someone .
 I have always recived what i ordered , but this one was not . . I ordered the hi rise , but recieved one way to short to the ground . . it was to much trouble to send back , Im too old . . I was dissapointed as now I can , t use it . . husband can , but I can , t. . be careful you get the right product ...
 Inflates like a charm , then deflates under the weight of a child within 3-6 hours , I should have gone with my gut and purchased another Aerobed because the one I already have -LRB- queen -RRB- has worked for &#62; 7 years .
 We used the airbed for one guest -LRB- my very careful mother-in-law -RRB- over the holidays and it was fine . My son took it on a trip and it began loosing air the first night and he has not been able to use it since . I would not buy this again and in fact will try to return it when he returns home with it .
 I went through three of these , neither one of them would maintain the air pressure and would slowly deflate . This occurred within 2 uses for each of the 3 mattresses i had . I considered maybe the person sleeping on it was too heavy , but alas , the person is 210 pounds and the weight limit is 300 , so that wasnt it . I thought maybe it was punctured , but if it was the person would have awoken on the floor instead of on a supper jeloutnous rubber blob , so that was not it either . What conclusion left is there - this thing sucks and doesnt maintain the air .
 I bought this Intex bed for my son . He is renting an apartment while waiting for a room assignment in a dorm.The bed , although still inflates , now has a bulge in the middle , so he falls off the bed . Even though we tried deflating and inflating the same , the problem is still there .
 I bought this for my daughter to sleep on when she was home from college . She actually liked sleeping on it but 3 weeks later it developed a slow leak which I could not find . Therefore I had to throw it away . A complete waste of money .
 It only lasted for less than 3 months then there was 2 holes that I fixed but still there was a leak somewhere and eventually I just threw it away . I do n't recommend this air mattress .
 Heard a huge boom and I noticed the seam had given out and then this huge bubble formed in middle of the bed and then it ripped a few days later . I purchased the product on or around 10-6-2011 and before 11-1-11 it was deflated !
 I bought this air mattress two months ago . I used a couple of days and it worked fine . Now a friend is planning to visit so I decided to use it again but something went wrong , instead of a flat surface , there is a huge bump in the middle that would make sleeping on it uncomfortable if not impossible.Since this is a product you will use only a couple of days before putting it away until you need it again , the amazon returning period will be over by the time you actually try it and find something wrong with it . And the company that makes this mattress says `` this product does not have any warranty or service program '' . I hope I can put this in the recyclables bin!I wish I would 've spend a little bit money on a real mattress that wo n`t fail after a while .
 Opened the box , unrolled the mattress , plugged in the motor and then ... the motor made a few feeble noises and shut off in less than three seconds . Plugged it into several different outlets with the same results.Intex customer service told me that there are NO WARRANTIES on their air mattresses and the only option was to return it to Amazon for a refund . I will not be ordering any products from Intex in the future .
 I have purchased two of these air mattresses . When inflated , they are great . But , during the night , they slowing deflate . I have yet to discover how to keep these mattresses inflated for eight full hours . I wish I would have bought a different air mattress .
 At 80 '' iong , this is an extra long twin , not a standard twin . Consequently I had to take back the sheets I bought , as they were 5 '' too short . I would have ordered a different model had I known that 80 '' was n't standard . It 's easier just to replace the sheets and I do n't have time to send the bed back .
 I bought this bed while I decided to purchase a normal bed . I was at first excited but as the week , past the seam popped and the bed now has a bubble and un-usable . for the money you pay for an air-bed I stick with a traditional bed over and air bed . Least to say thanks the quality is poor ! I do not recommend .
 These beds seemed like a great idea and so convenient but the reality is very different . I ordered 2 twins for some company that was coming down for the holidays . We inflated them and except for some minor air leakage over the course of a 4 day stay , they worked great . Fast forward to the second time we used them a few months later and one of them worked great and one leaked to the point of going flat during the night , quite a surprise for our guest . We tried repeatedly to find the leak -LRB- s -RRB- but to no avail . We were out of warranty at this point , so I went and ordered another thinking that the one bed still worked well . We got the new bed and used it almost immediately only to discover it leaked . It was under warranty so Amazon shipped a new one which ... you guessed it LEAKED . Oh and as a final note the one remaining bed that DID work now leaks . I went to KMart and bought a new Coleman twin mattress and along with a no name twin I bought at Walmart 6 years ago , I now have 2 working air mattresses .
 Airbed does n't keep air overnight . If you try to return it you will be charged a restocking fee to restock an airbed that does n't work so you will get no refund ... exchange it for another crappy airbed ... My recommendation is ... do n't buy this crappy airbed !!
 The bed arrived much sooner than I expected , and I inflated it for w few minutes before I took it on my retreat . Imagine my surprize at having it deflate within an hour of getting is set up in my room . I ended up sleeping on the floor that night.We 'll see how the return process goes . I 'm headed out to buy an air mattress locally .
 This item loses air overnight . Must be inflated daily if not nightly . If you return this item the store wo n't take it back , you must ship to the maker at your expense . Or you must cut the air pump out because they do n't trust you not to keep using it , like we have to trust them on their quality .
 I received the bed , and I loved it . But after one night it almost completely deflated . I tried to find the holes but I found none , so it was kind of a waste of money .
 I was hopeful this mattress would work out , having read mixed reviews , but as others stated , the mattress held air for only several days before it started losing air during the night . My son would then have to turn the air pump on -LRB- during the night -RRB- in order to have be able to have a comfortable night of sleep . Generally speaking I think all air mattresses do the same thing , as I then purchased one from the local K-mart , which is also going back tomorrow for the same problem .
 Was very comfortable when I inflated it , but had deflated twice before the night was over . Boasts features like beds twice the price -- the internal 120 AC pump is handy -LRB- especially since it deflates so fast -RRB- but it is noisy , and who wants to interrupt their sleep twice a night to reinflate the bed ? Not me , that 's for sure . I really wish it had n't been a leaker , I like this bed , everything about it except that .
 My mother bought this bed for my 5 year old to use when we visited on weekends . Worked great the first 4 or so times she used it . But now the valve that lets the air out wo n't close . It spins , but does not seal shut so you ca n't inflate the mattress . Very poor quality .
 This bed sucks after 1 month I was asleep on the bed when a popping noise woke me up I did n't know what it was so I went back to sleep when again a popping noise woke me up again I could n't figure out what it was when I got up the following morning I noticed a big bubble going down one side of the bed that 's when I realized it was the bed making the popping noise smh
 All these airbeds look good on pics . But the common problem for all these even well known brands is deflating . The tightly inflated airbed almost completely deflates by the morning , even if u find the leakage and seal it , by next day other leakage will appear . it is horrible feeling like u are on the boat during the storm when it is flat . Eventually after buying 3 airbeds from well known brands i bought spring mattress for 100 $ and feel very good without needing in inflating it every morning !
 It works but the next morning it has lost some shape and is n't as comfortable as it could be . For the price and the function is okay , the twin size made it right for our allowable space - but if you will need a longer term solution it is probably better to invest in a more expensive air bed .
 This is really a bad product . I bought it in hope that I could have one extra bedding when required . I used it on first night for myself and after 3-4 it deflated , annoyingly i filled the air back in night and went to sleep . In morning i was awake again because it has deflated . I thought i am doing something wrong , read the manual and searched online , found nothing . Next night it was the same story . Returned to amazon . -LRB- note
 I ordered for use when company came-my niece slept on this once and ended up on the floor after one night . I can not recommend this to anyone .
 We received the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump on September 10th 2008 . It is for our 8 year old daughter who has joint pain due to a genetic disorder . Her doctor recommends an air bed to relieve the pressure on her joints caused by a `` traditional '' mattress . The first 2 months it worked great . She was sleeping better and woke up in less pain . The next few months we had to pump it up every other day , but she still was in less pain . Now today , April 11th 2009 , just 7 months later she ca n't even sleep on it . Within 3 hours the bed is almost completely flat . Our daughter is now sleeping on couch cushions until we can find a new bed . Do n't waste your money on this bed ! Find ANY OTHER airbed , you 'll be much happier .
 THIS IS THE THIRD MATTRESS IN 5 OR 6 WEEKS AND HAD THE SAME PROBLEM WITH ALL THREE . THEY ALL LEAKED RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING , SOME WORSE THEN THE OTHERS . THE BUILT IN PUMP WORKED GREAT AND I LIKED IT VERY MUCH . THUS THE 2 STARS INSTEAD OF ONE STAR . I AM VERY THANKFUL FOR AMAZON 'S GREAT RETURN POLICY . IT WAS REALLY A PLEASURE TO DEAL WITH THEM .
 When it comes to airbeds , you ca n't expect a lot , after all , it 's a balloon that you sleep on . As it turns out , the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed lives down to those standards . It may be comfortable for your guests for a night or two or three , but inevitably -- like ALL Intex airbeds -- it will fall apart , bulging out at the seams and becoming unusable.This was my third Intex purchase -LRB- I purchased the items in rapid succession -RRB- and every last one of Intex 's airbeds failed within 6 weeks of purchase ! When you contact Intex because your airbed is only five-weeks old and now resembles a mangled balloon animal more so than an airbed , they will politely tell you there are no refunds , warranties , or replacements for you and to buy another one of their products.Normally , I 'd just forgo a negative review and just say , `` buyer beware '' and leave it at that . Unfortunately , the `` quality '' of the Intex line of products is so atrociously bad and their `` Customer Service '' is so arrogant and clueless -LRB- or perhaps a `` bot '' sending automated , canned email to customers -RRB- that I feel it is my ethical responsibility to warn anyone looking for an airbed to stay away from this brand of airbed . I am appalled that Amazon allows them to peddle their shoddy wares here .
 We bought these beds in September for our grandchildren to sleep on when they visit . They are 6 and 7 and weigh under 50 pounds . These beds can not make it through one single night inflated . We either have to get up during the night and re-inflate them or the kids will wake us up because the mattresses have lost so much air they are uncomfortable.We 've had to repair both beds because they develop pin holes from being folded when we put them away and you can hear air escaping around the area where the beds inflate themselves.I 'm very disappointed in this product and will not buy another air mattress from this company since it 's clear their quality has gone down hill drastically since we bought their double bed seven years ago.My opinion is `` save your money and find another solution for guests to sleep on '' , that 's what we 're doing now .
 I chose this twin air mattres becaue of the reviews and brand , good quality . I bought it about 2 months ago for a weekend of Holiness , it just had a hole when i aired it up . Threw it in the trash terrible product .
 I purchased 2 Intex Pillow Rest Twin Beds due to the size specifications of 40 X 80 X 18 1/2 '' . They were to be used by my > 6 ft. tall family members when visiting . I was extremely disappointed when we inflated the 1st bed - which BARELY measured 32 X 70 X 16 . I sent a letter to the supplier , CMS WorldWide Sales , explaining my dissatisfaction & was told to send pictures & measurements -LRB- which I did -RRB- and they would -LSB- quote -RSB- ... `` Once you had provided us the information we had requested , we will be glad to forward you the return shipping labels . `` This was months ago , and to date I still have 2 Intex Pillow Rest Beds -LRB- the 2nd box was never even opened ! -RRB- that are no where near the specs stated on the packaging.I will NEVER order anything from the CMS WorldWide Sales supplier again .
 I purchased this a couple weeks ago , and used it for the first time last night . It worked well . Plugged it in and it only took a couple min to inflate . My problem with this bed is not so much how well it works inflating but what a hard time i had deflating it this morning . I was so frustrated trying to get all the air out that i finally just wrapped it up . With even a little air still in it , it makes it so hard to roll up tightly and put away . It just looks bulky . I have tried aerobeds in the past and i love that their beds have a release valve , this one uses the a small hole built in with the pump . The release valve work much better , and I decided to go with this because it was affordable and i could n't find aerobeds in twin size . I am definitely gon na see if i can get a return on this ... i just hope i can fit it back in the box it came in .
 I saw several people had written about air leaks but at that point the majority appeared to be happy with their purchase . We ordered two twins for our camp . Mine started leaking immediately . My husbands seemed to be good from Spring to nearly Winter when his too began to leak , so bad that both of us were pumping air several times during the night to keep a little bit afloat . That was bad enough but having several friends and family in our bunk house part of the camp awake while doing this pushed it over the edge . My father in law bought the same time my husbands started going down hill so it should be interesting to see if it happens again . Our camp closes down during Winter so Spring will be the big test . I suspect we will go with something a little more expensive and not regret wasting the money we did on these . Then again my hubby is very good at fixing things so maybe there 's hope .
 The bed needs air refilling more often than I thought it would - every 3 days at the most . So much so that if I did n't pump it , the bed would all be like a water bed with `` jelly-like '' feeling . To lessen this effect I situated it in a corner of the room against the walls . Further more , what surprised me was the round water condensation on the bed sheet just underneath my -LRB- head -RRB- pillow in the morning . But what confuses me is that in the evening the bed feels cold -LRB- or the air inside feels cold -RRB- . What I like about it though is that the pump works real fast in inflating - although it is loud for an evening activity .
 I ordered it because I have a 6ft 8in relative who spends time with me . The description says this airbed is 40in wide and 80 inches in length . The box housing the bed clearly states the bed is 39 in wide and 75 inches long . I am really disappointed because I have been shopping for this for over 3 months and only recently decided this was the right bed . WRONG!The goal is to provide comfort . / his wo n't , his feet will be hanging off the edge of the bed . Its going back .
 This airbed does not stay inflated . It went flat half way through each of the five nights I used it . It is junk . Do n't buy it . If I had bought it at a store it would have gone back the next day .
 Only used a handful of times and the bed already leaks air . Waste of money . I know it shows a one star rating but the true rating is zero stars .
 The product deflated during the night . We refilled and let sit with no one in it for a while and it still lost air . I was very disappointed as the product initially started great for my Aunt who would not have been able to be on the floor with a traditional air mattress . I am attempting an exchange hoping it was just this one item . Most of the reviews were glowing and I am hoping that the replacement will perform as the other reviews indicated .
 Was nice while it lasted . After a few nights on the mattress , one of the seams in the middle apparently broke . Now it 's nothing but a large bubble in the center . Tried flipping it over but it 's like sleeping on a rocking chair . Nothing to do but take it to the dumpster .
 I live in a smallish one bedroom apartment and have frequent visits from out-of-town friends and relatives , so I have a pretty significant need for temporary beds . When set up , the temp bed is right in the middle of the living room , so I need to deflate and store a temporary air bed on a daily basis when guests visit . Unfortunately this is a nightmare endurance test for air beds as the frequent compression and folding of the unit for storage along with the periodic inflation and deflation is a formula for a shortened air bed lifespan.There are two significant names in makers of at-home air beds
 We did an extensive amount of research online for an air mattress that would be durable . This item , despite a handful of reviews -LRB- all with 5-stars -RRB- , began to deflate immediately upon being inflated . Unfortunately , we did n't test the mattress before the arrival of our house guest , unwittingly giving her the pleasure of seeing a night on the couch materialize right before her eyes.Given that so many air mattresses seem to leak , we were partly prepared for a non-working mattress . But here is what we were n't prepared for
 I had another airbed that lasted about 2 years before there was a leak and needed to replace it . This one had pretty good reviews and it was taller when inflated and would be easier to get on and off it . I did like the airbed and it was comfortable . We used it less than 5 times over the last 4 months and it deflated slightly last time I used it . I should have investigated further at that time but just deflated it until next use . I used it this weekend and had to pump it up again in the middle of the night and I think my time for warranty is over with .
 Product was defective from day on and lasted a whole 32 days and now will inflate but by the middle of the night you sleeping on the carpet .
 This product was received having a slow leak . . box was received damaged . . . Daughter went to bed at morning we discovered her in the middle -LRB- sinked -RRB- ... . I would not recommend ...
 I bought this mattress as a spare guest bed for our vacation condo . I was delighted to see it described as being 80 `` x40 '' -LRB- a twinXL -RRB- . It arrived and the box clearly stated 80x40 dimensions so put it in the closet for future use . Just pulled it out of the closet 3months late and inflated the mattress only to find it is a standard twin measuring 32 `` x72 '' . Nothing close to the stated dimensions noted in the product description and on the box .
 It does n't stay firm even overnight . The motor burned out after a while . I bought a Coleman ...
 This bed was cheap and the quality was consistent with the price . The seams deformed about 6 months after use began and bulges formed that eventually made the product unusable . Do n't purchase for long term use . The seam design is flawed , which is probably why most of the other manufacturers offer a quilted pattern . The return shipping and 50 % refund potential make recovering any money impossible . I got some use out of the bed , but definitely would n't buy anything else from this manufacturer .
 I purchased three of these and within 1-2 months , ALL three of them `` broke '' . The seams on two of the beds broke , leaving a huge bulge in the middle of the bed and the seams of the third bed kept coming apart . . Im not sure how many holes I had to cover but way more than their repair kit allowed for . After contacting the company and starting the refund process , I was told that since they were bought through Amazon I would n't be able to receive a refund . TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! Yes , the beds are $ 35.00 so I definitely got what I paid for but ca n't believe how cheaply they are made . DO NOT BUY THESE PRODUCTS !!!! Spend more to get more bang for your buck !
 Just a great item . However there are approximately 5 length-wise seams on the bottom to create stability . After two months , one seam `` disappeared , and now the bed rocks , because there is one large air space.I can probably live with it , just have to put some towels , whatever to stabilize it .
 Air mattress
 I bought this product because I 'm living temporarily in a city and will move to another city later , and do n't have the extra money to buy a better bed . Since then my shoulders hurt from sleeping on it . I 've lost interested in sleeping after that . Before that i never have problems with sleeping.It 's ok to sleep for one or two nights only i guess . If you intend to sleep on it for a few months , buy a comfy bed instead of this !
 Had the bed two weeks and so far not a problem . I did not inflate it to the maximum pressure-I 'm 250lbs the maximum load being 300lbs-but rather 3/4 full of air . I have added air only one time-maybe 10 seconds . I sleep on this airbed every night . There is a tendancy for me to roll to the side of the bed-whether that 's just me or the bed is yet to be seen . To add to this review I had the bed for three months-the pump went out after that time . I suppose we take our chances.MalcolmL
 I purchase this air mattress in late October and two month later I was laying on the mattress I move my arm and a fist size hole appear over my head . The mattress arrive fast and was easy to set up . If you plan on using this mattress for a guest bed or for your kids when they come home for the Holiday or summer break please get something else . Not worth the money . I had Coleman and small hole appear and the patch does not work but for this mattress the patch does work for a small hole not the fist size hole .
 This mattress began leaking after only 3 or 4 nights of use . I found the leakbetween a crease in the top -LRB- flocked -RRB- side . After proper repair effort it wasunable to stay inflated . I have put the air bed to better use . Thank youKeith Colton
 We were among the unlucky buyers who happened to receive a dud . The airbed had a gash at the bottom , which we patched . But it also leaked at the seams and our attempts to patch that did not work . We returned it , unslept-on -- no easy task , since we were required to return the manufacturer 's box , and of course we could not get the deflated airbed back into it , so we had to find a box big enough to hold both the deflated airbed and the manufacturer 's box .
 This was the worst product I ever bought . It held up only about 40 days and then , got more inflated on one side then the other . Of course ended in the trash . I have no car , so was very hard for me to return the item , and go to the post office . Waste of money . Do not order from this company ever . BAD PRODUCTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is not worth the price . Used it once and had to re-inflate it five times . Does not hold air . A piece of junk .
 The air mattress was good only for one day , after one day it started deflating and I have to inflate it every night before sleep . By the time I wake up on it the next day it has become like a water bed since it has deflated . I can not find the hole from where it deflates .
 It came with an air leak that was impossible to find . A real disappointment .
 Took it to France and electric pump only worked for a minute and blew . Bought a hand pump to pump it up . It was a painful job . After it was fully pumped the bed was rather comfortable . Decided not to bring home to return because once it was pumped there was no way to deflate to the extend that it would fit back into the original box .
 It was a super deal ... But there is something wrong with it . It will not retain the air level that I want.I will be returning this item
 I do n't really hate it , because my order was cancelled for some unclear reason . The order was cancelled several days after I placed it , so I 'm no fan of Intex .
 I ordered this bed in an emergency situation for my 95 year old mother to sleep on . The bed was easy to fill and evacuate , but it has a slow leak that necessitates adding air to it every day . I could n't send it back because I would have had nothing for my mother to sleep on .
 every person i communicated with was not only rude but were clearly annoyed by my need for help and completely unwilling to assist me . I returned the product that i was charged $ 103.10 for and was refunded $ 40.70 . thanks
 I bought this for my off campus residence , and the two months it worked fine ... and then the problems began . First , two the curves on the top -LRB- not sure what exactly they are called -RRB- merged into one so I had to sleep on one half of the bed . Recently , I noticed it was starting to sink and re-inflated it . Shortly afterward I heard some air and found where it was leaking and did n't think too much off it . Then in the middle of sleeping I woke up on the floor and then just gave up on it , and now am having to resort to sleeping on the floor . Tried calling their customer support line and it was backed up , then I found out that the main support line is for their pools . I would recommend a different brand like Coleman , or getting something from Cabela 's .
 I filled it with air when it arrived . It lost air by the morning . Since the bed was cold when filled , I gave it another chance . The first night is was actually used , it had to be refilled in the middle of the night .
 I used this product for one month of every night sleeping before it sprouted a leak in one of the seams on top that could n't be patched due to the fabric . It makes patches virtually impossible to stay stuck.There you have it .
 HI All , Never ever buy this product you will lost money and it 's a wast of time ... leacking after a week . fix that than find another leaking ... till u trash it . . and get rid of it . . i have the pic and i paid for it $ 60 worth nothing zerrrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooo .
 I bought this airbed on October 2009 , I only used it 3 times and now is loosing air !! How can it loose air like that with only 3 uses ?? At the beginning it seams good because is comfortable and tall , but now I ca n't use it anymore unless I want fill it with air at the middle of the night .
 We loved the internal pump which also will pump the air out . It is so fast and the mattress itself gives a good night 's sleep .
 I was so excited when I received this air bed , but after sleeping on it on the first night , things changed . Every single night I had to put more air in it in order to keep it firm . There were no leaks that I could hear , but it was a pain to keep putting air in it every night . If this does not bother you , the bed itself is extrmeley comfortable.Intex Pillow Rest Queen Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump
 IT HAD A LEAK FROM DAY ONE . RETURN AND EXCHANGE PROCESS WAS VERY GOOD THOUGH . STILL WAITING ON THE NEW ONE
 Bought this product for a friend 's visit back in late October . Since then -LRB- It is now early February -RRB- , it has been slept on for a total of seven nights by two different normal sized adult guests , and promptly deflated when a third guest tried to sleep on it this past week . To its credit , the product did last just fine through those seven nights . It did , however , break not too long after the 90 day warranty ended and we have no reason to believe we will be able to repair it or otherwise recoup our loss . Purchase with the understanding that this is basically a disposable air bed with a warranty that seems conveniently short .
 Would not purchase this item again . Used in spare bedroom for guests . Hardly used , until now . Hoping top have Xmas guests use . First to lay on it , and center ring pooped.Still usable , but uncomfortable . The second night used bed hissing sound and a large leak appeared . They provide plastic to repair leaks , but do not provide any adhesive . I have to eat it now because I had until 11/12/12 to return.I can get partial credit , not including shipping if I just had just kept the box and shipping label for 3 months .
 Do n't waste your money buying this tent . I went on a week-long camping trip , and the second night , we had a rain storm . It rained IN THE TENT . The rain fly did nothing , water was dripping from the ceiling , and all down the sides . I was so dissapointed , not to mention soaking wet . I plan on returning it asap .
 You get two sets of dice
 I have had the first DVD since I bought my first dance hoop over a year ago , and figured that I would give the second one a try . This DVD is horrible ! The picture and sound quality sucks . The picture is grainy and the sound is off . I could have made a better DVD in my backyard with my small camera . It is over-priced and they could have fit so much more in one DVD . I am so dissapointed that Hoopnotica would put out such a low quality product .
 I have n't been able to watch this much because the DVD wo n't play in my normal -LRB- otherwise functioning -RRB- DVD player . It will play on my computer 's DVD player , but without sound . The DVD will play fine on my laptop , but that 's not a screen that 's very conducive to practicing in front of . The DVD does play on my friend 's DVD player for some reason . Also , I bought volumes 1 and 2 and both are so short , it seems obvious that they could have put all of the lessons on one DVD . I guess they knew they could make more money by making us buy both .
 I was surprised to see that the item was used . Advertised as new . Would have liked the new ones stead got used .
 If you ca n't hold the cards , this will work but I believe they lost sight of their purpose and are trying to address a problem from outside the box . The idea is to make it easier for the individual . It can be difficult to get the cards in place and then change their positions defeating the fundamental purpose . A block of wood will do better . The card holder should n't be a game within a game .
 What ever you do do n't buy this product . It not only came in used but beaten to death . It was scratch , dented and chipped . This is my 4th time writing a review on this product all other attempts have be block like I suspect this one will be to .
 I bought this from the same co. before christmas and was stunned that the price had doubled . On the page the price was not clear !
 dude this thing isnt even worth 30 bucks dont buy it im warnin u
 My very athletic 9 yr old absolutely could not use this - much too hard - returned it .
 I purchased this Trikke thinking that it would be a great surprise for my son on his birthday . When I received the Trikke it was missing two pieces . This Trikke came in a box that didnt match the product . It does not fold down at all which makes it hard to pack for trips etc. . . I am very dissappointed in this product and Razor company should get a great big slap for false advertising . The advertisment also does not state the weight capacity , its say both kids and adults can enjoy this product . The weight capacity is only 175lbs . It does not come with an owners manual , and there is no tool case . The allen wrenches come in a plastic baggie taped with scotch tape . Very Very disappointed .
 I ca n't believe this rates higher than 2 Stars . Do n't be fooled , this only good for down hill . While it is well built , you ca n't propel this trike as advertized . Save your money , do n't buy this !
 the item description says this is aluminum , but when i received the item , the box says ` solid steel ' . very dissappointing ! i live by the beach and steel does n't last long . it was for my son 's birthday , now i have to send it back and he wo n't have his main present !
 From pictures , etc. , we thought this trike somehow had a means of locomotion - swaying back and forth ? My determined child never figured it out , and instructions never hinted to a technique . So , it ends up being a scooter that is not very functional because it 's hard to balance on one side and scoot with the other foot .
 Was a little tricky without instructions but I figured it out ... however , will not work on the bike as the brackets are too thick to slide over the wheel bolts and leave enough room for the frame to be reattached . Returning it
 Loved this from the moment I put it on the bike . Took a little work , just a little , but switched it to my wife 's bike and then back to mine . Some where in there we loaded it down too much and one of the slide in plastic brace ears broke and now it is unusable . Searching for a new way to haul groceries now ...
 This shirt was labeled Large , but it was more along the lines of XL to XXL . Unfortunately after paying extra shipping charges , I had to pay more shipping charges to return . I wo n't buy from this supplier again unless they offer free return shipping .
 the shipping was fast , as usual by Amazon . The product is terrible , you can barely see the logo , its not a real Colts blue , more of a very dark navy almost purple color . They will be going back . I should have known the price was too good to be true for a product of any real value .
 The blue portion of the mats was a different blue . It looked more like a navy blue which I found very disappointing because that 's like having a pair of bootleg mats .
 Matt on driver side slides forward and I have not found a way to anchor it . It would be better if the Broncos had gone to the Super Bowl in 2013 . The `` Prayer in thin Air '' did them in or was it `` The kneel down in D Town ? ''
 After adjusting the leg pieces for several days -LRB- wearing socks & boots -RRB- and then even replacing these with foam rolls I still can not prevent the ankle strain when using this product , even at a 45degree incline . I know somebody else who has one and they like it so I guess it depends on the person , I am not heavy for my size and never thought this would be an issue .
 The reason i bought this game was beause of all the great reviews from here and game web sites . All i hear was it 's the best B-ball sim out there . Well that 's a bunch of BS . I do n't know how many times playing as kobe , Shaq , Iverson etc. . i 've gotten my shot blocked -LRB- even on fade aways -RRB- by a bench player . As shaq i get a miss match with a 6foot guard so i try backing him down and well i ca n't . It seems shaq is n't strong enough to plow his way through a 6 footer lol . And when i make him spin to the basket then press shoot 9 times out of 10 he does n't go for the dunk instead he throws up some off balance , fade away crazy looking shot . The gameplay is challenging but not in a good way . I guess i will try `` NBA Live '' .
 In my opinion this is a strictly budget minded seat purchase.The seat springs make squeaky crunching noises as they compress when I ride it.Gave it to a homeless bicyclist .
 Great looking bag . The compartments are the best I have had in a back pack . The support structure is poorly designed which leads to pressure spots on the shoulders and early failure of the seams . Baby it a little -LRB- avoid using just one strap with more than a lite load -RRB- and it should do ok for the price .
 I bought this backpack a while ago , despite my reservations about having the opening for the laptop compartment on the side . The obvious danger is to forget closing the zipper , and it wo n't take much for your laptop to go flying ... Naturally I tried to be careful about closing it , but one day I must have been distracted or in a hurry , and when I took off the backpack , my laptop fell on the floor . Many other computer backpacks also have a strap that secures the laptop , and prevents it from moving around ; this one does n't . Otherwise it is quite nice and comfortable , but I wo n't use it for laptop duty anymore .
 This calendar begins with August 2005 and ends with July 2006 ! My son bought this for me for Christmas and was very dissapointed when I opened it and found out it was ` halfway used up ' already . He felt very cheated and I felt very sorry for him . I think it is absolutely terrible that the item is not described truthfully . Shame , shame , shame on you ! I wish I could give this item a negative number of stars !!!
 this is a terrible product from a company that should not be in business . the scooter never worked ... their solution was to send me a couple of neew components nad have me install . when that did not work , they had me run test after test after test ... to no avail . the scooter does not work to this day . i filed a complaint with amazon ... amazon did a lousy job of investigating and determined that the warranty was expired -LRB- 30 day warranty ! -RRB- . of course it expired ... they took a week each time to respond to my requests for help . the warranty was half over by the time i got the scooter after ordering it . i am disputing the charge through my credit card company , hope that gets my money back . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY , I BELIEVE YOU WILL EXPERIECE THE SAME THINK I DID.BUYER BEWARE !!! BUYER BEWARE !!!
 Everything about this scooter is incredibly cheap and shoddily put together . The seat broke under my weight -LRB- I weigh 165 , well below the stated limit for this product -RRB- and half of the bolts holding the scooter together rattled themselves off within a few blocks of riding it . Do not , under any circumstances , waste your money on this inferior product .
 I am 22 years old men and i bought this scooter for the speed by ivoog scooters for 400 dollars with free shipping , and i like it , i have this scooter two months with problems , and the only big problem is that the wheels are very small to enjoy the ride safety , controller will stop working and then the company will leave you will not help , and will tell you what could we do.and it not comfortable because it do not have any shocks so i do not recommend it all for adults that need to ride long trip , so adults for you good do not buy any xtreme scooters they are for kids you be not happy if you buy it.i bought the ezip 1000 scooter this is the best of the best scooter , with the x500 scooter i am 140 lb i ride 17 + MPH and with ezip 1000 i ride with the top speed of 16 + MPH and it fille really like 20MPH , and its very very comfortable so this for you adult you will love it and you be very very happy with it you see ...
 this thing smells and transfers the smell to your hands . very chemical like poisonous odor . put it in a cotton sock until this comes , then will throw it away.IMAK Stress Ball , Grey -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB-
 The price for these 22 packets was several times more expensive than buying it in the 4 count package in a grocery store . The only reason I agreed to it was because the store had stopped carrying the item -LRB- but is now -RRB-
 i assumed the soup would taste like the boxes in the stores and it really does n't
 I gave it to a friend . He put it in the freezer to use that evening and when he pulled it out it was cracked . :-LRB- Disappointing .
 Freezer mug worked great for about 2 months - then it cracked and leaked all over freezer - lost my receipt and did n't know how to return - just found how to return , so have to pay shipping and ca n't get full refund ... sad : -LRB-
 Do not purchase from this seller . Horrible service . It took them over a month to ship me my filter and did n't even compensate me with free shipping . When I asked what the hold up was they told me they left me a voice message -LRB- which they did n't -RRB- and that my order would be reshipped due to shipping failure . This was their fault and I did n't even receive an apology . Very disappointed and will never purchase from them again .
 When I got the product and opened the box , the literature said that you can not use the kind of shower head that has a valve that turns off the flow . This is because the filter housing is plastic and is subject to cracking or bursting if you turn off the flow downstream from the filter.That 's the kind of shower head I have , and I like to use the valve feature . I really really wish that eGeneralMedical had said this in their -LRB- limited -RRB- online literature . And they expect me to pay the return shipping and a 15 % restocking fee !
 Aside from missing a few bolts I also found that the holes in the seat are drilled incorrectly . I will have to drill my own holes to remedy this problem . This is as far as I have gotten in the assembly as I have ran out of daylight . I am sure when it is finally together it will be a 3/5 bench as opposed to my current 2/5 rating . The shipping went well as It got here on time .
 The product was delivered on time . When I inspected the bench I noticed one of the Upright Stanchions had improperly drilled holes to connect the Upright Cross Bar . Thus the bench was unusable . Called customer service for Phoenix health and Fitness INC. . Hopefully they will be able to remedy the situations . Until then I just wasted my money .
 For those of you that have n't bought Polar , be forewarned that in order to replace the batteries , in either the watch or band , you will have to ship the device back to Polar.You can not replace it yourself . You can not go to a watch shop and have it replaced . You MUST send it to Polar.This process will cost you around $ 50 and you will have to go without your watch for several weeks.Since you can buy a Timex with similar functionality for around $ 60 and replace the battery yourself , or go to any local watch repair store , I highly suggest you go with something less stupidly designed .
 I have had at least four of these in the past 3 years . If a gust of wind comes along , the frame bends and you have a bunch of scrap metal . The last one lasted about an hour and a half before one of the legs bent making the product unuseable .
 I only had this for about 2 days before the resistance band broke in 2 places.I would say that the ball 's tension would fall under the `` easy '' category.I 'd recommend the Power Web over this product .
 I used this product for less than an hour a day , and the band broke within two weeks .
 The system required a check in the rating box so I gave it a one , which is probably two too many . I have tried/owned two of these devices . The concept is good , but that is the end of the line for this product . As someone else noted the bands are not strong enough to withstand even an attempt to put your finger thru the finger holes . I even continued to try and use mine after the first hole tore loose with continued failure of the bands . At the price even if used as a squeeze ball it is too expensive .
 These weights break apart VERY easily ... the material is very cheap . They do n't last and not worth the money , even on sale
 These wrist weights began leaking the sandy material on my first use . I bought Bell wrist weights from Amazon a couple of years ago and those have held up wonderfully . Sadly , Amazon does n't carry them anymore . These Valeo wrist weights are very poor quality . For them to leak the weight material on first use they obviously were not made well . Amazon , you should remove these from your site .
 This product did not match the description , or the picture . The product was very bulky and poorly fit . I left it in a drawer for a couple of days , and , upon return , found that it had leaked a corrosive substance onto the drawer , that damaged the drawer and produced a foul odor . It was a very unpleasant experience . I would not recommend this product for anyone .
 Do n't buy , Mine came leaking sand right outta the box . The material is thin plus these are 1 lb each weight for a total of 2 lbs for both wrists . I thought I was buying 2lb wrist weight per hand . NOPE
 I purchased these weights for my 9 year old daughter , who has a petite build . They fit perfectly on her ankles , but would likely be too small for anyone over 5 feet . After wearing them a couple of times each week for two months , a rip developed along one of the seams and the sand came out . This is upsetting because otherwise these weights were perfect for my daughter - snug fit , soft fabric .
 I am 5 ' 3 '' and weigh 100lbs and have very tiny hands and wrists . These weights are so tiny , and they barely stretch , so I can hardly even get them on my wrists . Plus , the 1 lb weight is not nearly enough for me .
 I am a thin woman and after a few minutes of wearing these , my hands turned blue . So tight . I paid for the darn things so I tried to wear them on my walk , but I was worried that a few more minutes more would mean amputation . I ended up carrying them home . I agree with the woman who said these felt like little useless bean bags . More like little torturous little bean bags .
 Well , I was worried when I read the review saying they did n't fit over large hands . I have pretty large hands and I had no trouble getting them on . However , they started leaking sand during the first use ! I ca n't recommend these . I 'll use them until they fall apart which probably wo n't be too many weeks .
 Discription says 2-2pound wrist weights . Product received was 2-1pound wrist weights . A deceptive rip-off !
 These are a real disappointment . I thought I was buying 2 2lb weights . What I recceived was 2 1lb weights . they are very small and hard to get over my hands . I keep them overnight on a beer glass so that I can put them on . The accompanuing folder was for women . I will never againybuy items like this va the internet .
 These one pound wrist weights are pointless . They offer no useful weight resistance . My watch is heavier than these !
 I recently purchased these wrist weights , thinking I 'd be able to use them as ankle weights . I could n't get them over my foot , but this was completely understandable because they are in fact wrist weights . This would have been fine were it not for the fact that the weights do n't even fit over my hands ! I am quite skinny , and pretty small , so even when I tried my best to get them on my wrist , I was cutting off my own circulation.I do n't know if it was just me or some kind of fluke , but they were definitely too small , and I ca n't use them so I will be sending them back .
 Even for a small woman such as myself , these wrist weights are so tight I can barely cram them on at all ... let alone keep them on and exercise without damaging my skin ! These should be advertised as weights for a child because they do not fit an adult - even a small slim adult .
 I love the size and comfort of these . I ordered a pair and within 1 week they started leaking at the seams . I then did an exchange online and AMAZON was great about taking care of it . However , the second pair did exactly the same thing . I would not buy these or recommend to anyone !
 The day I received these they tore open and the little beads and grannules on the inside started to come out , not to mention I have about a 5 and 1/2 inch wrist and small hands and it is very difficult to slip these on over my hands onto my wrists . I dont see how anyone with larger hands and wrists could wear them . My advice is dont waste your money because once they tear it is not worth the shipping to send them back !!
 These were so tiny I could just get them over four fingers . Box says `` one size fits most '' . Most what ? teenage girls ? -LRB- I 'm not a large man , I 'm a petite adult woman , fit was n't even close . -RRB- It 's really appalling that amazon does n't a MODICUM of info for items like this -LRB- like what 's the diameter , the fact that there 's NO stretch factor built into these at all.I 've learntt my lesson . go to web sites that provide some info for purchases of this kind .
 I was really excited about adding these to my cardio workout , just to add a bit of weight without feeling it too much . That was the idea anyway . The issue is they did n't fit well , and there was no way to adjust them . I 'm a 6 ' 1 '' tall woman with the proportions to go with the height , so I 'm not dainty . These were tight on my wrists from the start . I wore them a few times thinking with use the material would stretch a bit , but the material just came apart at the seams and the sand inside started to spill out . Even then it was n't THAT tight , I would n't have thought it would just fall apart . Even if they did fit I imagine they would n't last very long.For smaller people these will work out fine , but for people who are more robust , including most men , these simply wo n't work out very well . I wish the adjustable kind came in lighter weights .
 As soon as I opened the package I knew something was n't right because there was sand inside . I put them on later in the day and there was sand on my arm . I finally found the hole in one of the weights . Not happy to say the least .
 Ca n't say if this is a good product or not but the really got in the way while I was typing on my computer at work . My doctor suggested them for my tremors but they where to uncomfortable for me . You may like them for what you are using them for . Not a negative review this is more a personal choice review .
 I hardly used them and they come apart at the seams and the gravel comes out . A waste of money . After using them maybe ten times I have to throw them away.I wish I had read all the reviews here of people that had exactly the same experience as I did ! Hardly used and they already fall apart ! Sometimes they already leak sand when they arrive !
 If you have large/thick wrists do not purchase this product . Each weight is a pound of tiny beads inside an oddly shaped design . Think of an oval that is thick on only two opposite facing curves . The given picture shows the thick sides but the surrounding edges are very thin.Cutting to the chase there is a high probability that the cloth will be cut or worn out very fast and you will have tiny beads leaking and spilling everywhere.Look elsewhere for wrist weights .
 I was actually disappointed with these thing ; after the second time I wore them , the little rocks were coming out from the were its sown together at . And its very annoying having a thousand little rocks in your shoe walking around .
 I am unable to put my hands thru the opening . The opening for the wrist is to small -LRB- approx 1 3/4 inches -RRB- and the weights are non adjustable . They may work best for someone who has very very small hands . But for the average size person I would not suggest these weights . Maybe the company should use stretchable material or add velcro to make them adjustable . I rated this product a 1 because of the feel of the material and the overall size of the weights . I am going to assume that if I could get them on , they would be very comfortable .
 It hurts my wrist to slip this on and off . It would have been much better if it had a velco strip or something where you could wrap it around the wrist instead of having to force it on .
 I used the weights once . Well , they almost made it . . one of the wrist weights came apart at the seam and sand leaked all over the carpet .
 the first time i slipped them on the side seams started to tear so much that the dirt on the inside started to fall out and i had to hand sew the seam back together
 the wrist weights did not stretch . Maybe ok for someone with very tiny hand or a kid but not for the average adult .
 Do not ignore the previous posters complaints about the size of these weights . I did ! I 'm a woman with a wrist 6.75 inches in diameter and I wear a size 7 or medium glove . These weights are extremely hard to get on and very uncomfortable to wear . I really think they are only suitable for a child or a very , very small woman.Also the weights I received do not look like the pictured item . Valeo seems to have changed the entire design of these . Maybe they were better before ? The pictured item seems to have a larger diameter in the opening . The ones I got desperately need some elastic or something .
 The wrist weight are one size that may be used by a very tiny and thin adult of 100 lbs or a child . I could not get them over my hand to my wrist . The advertising should say what size the hand needs to be and to use them .
 Very hard to put on , they are not very big , and I am a slender petite woman with little hands & wrists , but it feels like I am scraping my skin to get them on and off , do not care to wear them at all . Look nice , built well , but need to make bigger . Going to see if I can return them or resell them myself .
 So i purchased these weights a few days ago and they appeared very comfortable . But after a few days , the cloth started to expand and then sand started to seep through . This product was only good for teh first few days of purchase .
 came in great timing but after useing them for afew workouts a little sand came out of the seam .
 Let me start by saying there is nothing `` wrong '' with these weights . The quality is great , and the material is soft . However , when people say small ... they mean it ! I am a petite size 2 and they only barely fit . I actually got these for therapy use for my one-year old 's ankles and these were the only one-pounders I could find . They fit my chuncky little one just perfectly .
 The P60 Lamp Reflector Assembly by SureFire is an incandescent bulb that serves no useful purpose in today 's flashlight market considering that you can upgrade to an LED light that will last significantly longer , is much more durable , and is up to seven times brighter than this bulb . If you use your flashlight for work and need a reliable light then stay away from this bulb as it can easily be broken.Pros
 Bright light but they break the second you drop your flashlight . I would expect a much more durable product for the price . Pony up for a LED replacement and take the time to retrofit it . That is the only way to go with these surefire lights .
 I know the bike is great , and everybody that reviewed it agrees with that . However , either Cadillac or Amazon are making a good product be more a hassle than a pleasure . Not only did I not get instructions -LRB- which others have remarked on -RRB- , but no pedals !!! After reading all reviews , there is one other person complaining it did not have a kick stand . Mine does , but now , up to fighting for those pedals . Overall , knowing about these problems , better go with another one . I do n't know if I want to go through the hassle of returning it , but maybe I will just in hopes they will do something about the poor packaging quality . There is a Columbia comfort bike that was my alternate choice .
 Neck harness is a great addition to the gym equipment , however , this specific one is less than comfortable . This harness is the first one I tried so I am not sure how it compares with others on the market .
 The one I was shipped was junk . It broke the first time I put 25 pounds on it . One of the straps that hangs past the ear tore right off . One of the pictures above shows a guy with two red Olympic plates on the thing . The red plates are 25 Kilos each , that 's 110 pounds . Frankly , I would n't trust the hardware on this thing with that much weight . It broke in such a way that I can still use mine , and it 'll be a good long while before I 'm putting 110 pounds on one of these , so I 'm going to keep using it . However , if I had it all to do over again I 'd trade up for a better one .
 Product recieved does n't look nothing like the photo shown . It 's full nylon and the quick link does n't even fit on the chain . It does n't even come close to fitting .
 I have lots of these , using them almost daily as underware . my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago . my two most recent purchases of these has yielded a variety of quality and sizes . seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control . wo n't be buying again
 Normally , you 'd expect a company to understand a man and his underwear . Sadly , UA does not.When I received this underwear , I was able to wear it once . Once . Why ? Because it simply fell the hell apart half way through my day as I was wearing it.Chances are , this is just a defective case . Yeah , probably . So what do I do ? I go and contact UA support . First of all , I had to continuously try to get them to actually talk to me . I 'd say I had a problem with their underwear breaking down on me . What do they say ? To use the return form and send it back , followed by an immediate disconnection ! I had to try continuously contacting them to get them to say anything else what so ever . When I finally do , I ask whether or not I could just provide proof of purchase -LRB- a receipt + picture -RRB- . They simply deny me.I mean , really . Sending back a gross , dirty pair of underwear that you sweated in all day to the point they break is n't something you want to do . After denying me , they refused to talk to me whatsoever . They simply disconnect as soon as I enter the chat , refusing to talk to me at all ! Furthermore , their employees constantly gave attitude and belittled me at the same time.UA , you 're a damn shame . A damn shame .
 I am a big fan of Under Armour Compression Shorts , and prefer them to other brands -LRB- like Shock Doctor -RRB- . However , this order interface is terrible , and I have never seen such an obvious error on the part of Amazon . There is no size information to indicate what size you are ordering . It says sizes S-XL available , but gives you no way to choose your size . I very foolishly ordered anyway and what I received was size small . So I had to return the items and get replacements . Road Runner Sports has great customer service and made the return and reorder very easy , but it would have been better if I could have chosen my size when I placed the order through Amazon .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone very special and when the person opened the package I was so embarrassed . The product stated and also showed online the color `` white '' . However , upon opening the package the product was a `` dirty '' white and not pure white like online . The person accepted the gift which is why I can not return it . I still would like to be compensated for this product .
 I have no idea how good or bad this item is . Amazon advertised size M for this item and I ordered it . When it came it was S. and I did n't know it until after my grandson brought it back saying it was the wrong size . When I looked it was a S. I had thrown all the papers away so I am stuck with a size small for the next yard sale I have or someone has .
 These shorts are extremely comfortable , and do their job . However , I have had several pair that rip in the inner thigh . My most recent pair ripped after only 3 months of use , being worn 1-2x per week . Simply not worth the $ .
 I ended up with two garments two sizes too large on a reorder . Same UA top quality , but not the right fit .
 I know this is a product review , but I need to bring up that I have bought over 20 pairs of these Under Armour Heatgear Compression shorts in the past , but if bought from this company , I suspect they may be fake . The material in the shorts as well as the band are rougher and seem of a lower grade material then what I 've bought directly from `` Under Armour '' . Two of my three pairs bought here have had the bands separate from the shorts with normal washing/wearing over a 2 month period . For reference , the oldest pair I have from `` Under Armour '' has lasted over 3 years with normal washing/wearing !!!
 I have no idea how good or bad this item is . Amazon advertised size M for this item and I ordered it . When it came it was S. and I did n't know it until after my grandson brought it back saying it was the wrong size . When I looked it was a S. I had thrown all the papers away so I am stuck with a size small for the next yard sale I have or someone has .
 These shorts are extremely comfortable , and do their job . However , I have had several pair that rip in the inner thigh . My most recent pair ripped after only 3 months of use , being worn 1-2x per week . Simply not worth the $ .
 I ended up with two garments two sizes too large on a reorder . Same UA top quality , but not the right fit .
 I know this is a product review , but I need to bring up that I have bought over 20 pairs of these Under Armour Heatgear Compression shorts in the past , but if bought from this company , I suspect they may be fake . The material in the shorts as well as the band are rougher and seem of a lower grade material then what I 've bought directly from `` Under Armour '' . Two of my three pairs bought here have had the bands separate from the shorts with normal washing/wearing over a 2 month period . For reference , the oldest pair I have from `` Under Armour '' has lasted over 3 years with normal washing/wearing !!!
 Normally , you 'd expect a company to understand a man and his underwear . Sadly , UA does not.When I received this underwear , I was able to wear it once . Once . Why ? Because it simply fell the hell apart half way through my day as I was wearing it.Chances are , this is just a defective case . Yeah , probably . So what do I do ? I go and contact UA support . First of all , I had to continuously try to get them to actually talk to me . I 'd say I had a problem with their underwear breaking down on me . What do they say ? To use the return form and send it back , followed by an immediate disconnection ! I had to try continuously contacting them to get them to say anything else what so ever . When I finally do , I ask whether or not I could just provide proof of purchase -LRB- a receipt + picture -RRB- . They simply deny me.I mean , really . Sending back a gross , dirty pair of underwear that you sweated in all day to the point they break is n't something you want to do . After denying me , they refused to talk to me whatsoever . They simply disconnect as soon as I enter the chat , refusing to talk to me at all ! Furthermore , their employees constantly gave attitude and belittled me at the same time.UA , you 're a damn shame . A damn shame .
 I am a big fan of Under Armour Compression Shorts , and prefer them to other brands -LRB- like Shock Doctor -RRB- . However , this order interface is terrible , and I have never seen such an obvious error on the part of Amazon . There is no size information to indicate what size you are ordering . It says sizes S-XL available , but gives you no way to choose your size . I very foolishly ordered anyway and what I received was size small . So I had to return the items and get replacements . Road Runner Sports has great customer service and made the return and reorder very easy , but it would have been better if I could have chosen my size when I placed the order through Amazon .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone very special and when the person opened the package I was so embarrassed . The product stated and also showed online the color `` white '' . However , upon opening the package the product was a `` dirty '' white and not pure white like online . The person accepted the gift which is why I can not return it . I still would like to be compensated for this product .
 I have lots of these , using them almost daily as underware . my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago . my two most recent purchases of these has yielded a variety of quality and sizes . seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control . wo n't be buying again
 I have lots of these , using them almost daily as underware . my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago . my two most recent purchases of these has yielded a variety of quality and sizes . seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control . wo n't be buying again
 These shorts are extremely comfortable , and do their job . However , I have had several pair that rip in the inner thigh . My most recent pair ripped after only 3 months of use , being worn 1-2x per week . Simply not worth the $ .
 I ended up with two garments two sizes too large on a reorder . Same UA top quality , but not the right fit .
 I know this is a product review , but I need to bring up that I have bought over 20 pairs of these Under Armour Heatgear Compression shorts in the past , but if bought from this company , I suspect they may be fake . The material in the shorts as well as the band are rougher and seem of a lower grade material then what I 've bought directly from `` Under Armour '' . Two of my three pairs bought here have had the bands separate from the shorts with normal washing/wearing over a 2 month period . For reference , the oldest pair I have from `` Under Armour '' has lasted over 3 years with normal washing/wearing !!!
 Normally , you 'd expect a company to understand a man and his underwear . Sadly , UA does not.When I received this underwear , I was able to wear it once . Once . Why ? Because it simply fell the hell apart half way through my day as I was wearing it.Chances are , this is just a defective case . Yeah , probably . So what do I do ? I go and contact UA support . First of all , I had to continuously try to get them to actually talk to me . I 'd say I had a problem with their underwear breaking down on me . What do they say ? To use the return form and send it back , followed by an immediate disconnection ! I had to try continuously contacting them to get them to say anything else what so ever . When I finally do , I ask whether or not I could just provide proof of purchase -LRB- a receipt + picture -RRB- . They simply deny me.I mean , really . Sending back a gross , dirty pair of underwear that you sweated in all day to the point they break is n't something you want to do . After denying me , they refused to talk to me whatsoever . They simply disconnect as soon as I enter the chat , refusing to talk to me at all ! Furthermore , their employees constantly gave attitude and belittled me at the same time.UA , you 're a damn shame . A damn shame .
 I am a big fan of Under Armour Compression Shorts , and prefer them to other brands -LRB- like Shock Doctor -RRB- . However , this order interface is terrible , and I have never seen such an obvious error on the part of Amazon . There is no size information to indicate what size you are ordering . It says sizes S-XL available , but gives you no way to choose your size . I very foolishly ordered anyway and what I received was size small . So I had to return the items and get replacements . Road Runner Sports has great customer service and made the return and reorder very easy , but it would have been better if I could have chosen my size when I placed the order through Amazon .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone very special and when the person opened the package I was so embarrassed . The product stated and also showed online the color `` white '' . However , upon opening the package the product was a `` dirty '' white and not pure white like online . The person accepted the gift which is why I can not return it . I still would like to be compensated for this product .
 I have no idea how good or bad this item is . Amazon advertised size M for this item and I ordered it . When it came it was S. and I did n't know it until after my grandson brought it back saying it was the wrong size . When I looked it was a S. I had thrown all the papers away so I am stuck with a size small for the next yard sale I have or someone has .
 I have lots of these , using them almost daily as underware . my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago . my two most recent purchases of these has yielded a variety of quality and sizes . seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control . wo n't be buying again
 I have no idea how good or bad this item is . Amazon advertised size M for this item and I ordered it . When it came it was S. and I did n't know it until after my grandson brought it back saying it was the wrong size . When I looked it was a S. I had thrown all the papers away so I am stuck with a size small for the next yard sale I have or someone has .
 Normally , you 'd expect a company to understand a man and his underwear . Sadly , UA does not.When I received this underwear , I was able to wear it once . Once . Why ? Because it simply fell the hell apart half way through my day as I was wearing it.Chances are , this is just a defective case . Yeah , probably . So what do I do ? I go and contact UA support . First of all , I had to continuously try to get them to actually talk to me . I 'd say I had a problem with their underwear breaking down on me . What do they say ? To use the return form and send it back , followed by an immediate disconnection ! I had to try continuously contacting them to get them to say anything else what so ever . When I finally do , I ask whether or not I could just provide proof of purchase -LRB- a receipt + picture -RRB- . They simply deny me.I mean , really . Sending back a gross , dirty pair of underwear that you sweated in all day to the point they break is n't something you want to do . After denying me , they refused to talk to me whatsoever . They simply disconnect as soon as I enter the chat , refusing to talk to me at all ! Furthermore , their employees constantly gave attitude and belittled me at the same time.UA , you 're a damn shame . A damn shame .
 I am a big fan of Under Armour Compression Shorts , and prefer them to other brands -LRB- like Shock Doctor -RRB- . However , this order interface is terrible , and I have never seen such an obvious error on the part of Amazon . There is no size information to indicate what size you are ordering . It says sizes S-XL available , but gives you no way to choose your size . I very foolishly ordered anyway and what I received was size small . So I had to return the items and get replacements . Road Runner Sports has great customer service and made the return and reorder very easy , but it would have been better if I could have chosen my size when I placed the order through Amazon .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone very special and when the person opened the package I was so embarrassed . The product stated and also showed online the color `` white '' . However , upon opening the package the product was a `` dirty '' white and not pure white like online . The person accepted the gift which is why I can not return it . I still would like to be compensated for this product .
 I know this is a product review , but I need to bring up that I have bought over 20 pairs of these Under Armour Heatgear Compression shorts in the past , but if bought from this company , I suspect they may be fake . The material in the shorts as well as the band are rougher and seem of a lower grade material then what I 've bought directly from `` Under Armour '' . Two of my three pairs bought here have had the bands separate from the shorts with normal washing/wearing over a 2 month period . For reference , the oldest pair I have from `` Under Armour '' has lasted over 3 years with normal washing/wearing !!!
 I ended up with two garments two sizes too large on a reorder . Same UA top quality , but not the right fit .
 These shorts are extremely comfortable , and do their job . However , I have had several pair that rip in the inner thigh . My most recent pair ripped after only 3 months of use , being worn 1-2x per week . Simply not worth the $ .
 The quality of cotton used on this product is not good . It came out of the dryer covered with wrinkles , despite the fact that I dried it on a permanent press + wrinkle guard setting . I must iron it and who wants to iron a t-shirt ???? I am very disappointed in the Columbia Sportswear company for putting out such a low-quality product .
 What a pain it is to deal with a bunch of little steel rods to slip into the pouches to adjust the weight . The picture and description did n't really show the product well when I ordered this rather pricey item . I took the weight out of the box , looked at it , and put it back in . Probably will donate to some worthy cause . I ended up going to a big box retail store and just buying a non-adjustable weight .
 The ability to adjust the weight of this product is great . The BIG disappointment is the velcro strap , which I ca n't believe will last long , especially as I begin to add more weights . I think this product would have been far better if the ankle weight came with an adjustable strap with a plastic buckle closure . Then you would adjust once and just simply buckle the strap when you put it on . This feature is especially critical when you 're trying to put the weight on your &#34; bad &#34; leg and struggling to get it snug with the long unwieldy velcro strap . I can not recommend this device with this strap mechanism .
 I ended up with two garments two sizes too large on a reorder . Same UA top quality , but not the right fit .
 I know this is a product review , but I need to bring up that I have bought over 20 pairs of these Under Armour Heatgear Compression shorts in the past , but if bought from this company , I suspect they may be fake . The material in the shorts as well as the band are rougher and seem of a lower grade material then what I 've bought directly from `` Under Armour '' . Two of my three pairs bought here have had the bands separate from the shorts with normal washing/wearing over a 2 month period . For reference , the oldest pair I have from `` Under Armour '' has lasted over 3 years with normal washing/wearing !!!
 These shorts are extremely comfortable , and do their job . However , I have had several pair that rip in the inner thigh . My most recent pair ripped after only 3 months of use , being worn 1-2x per week . Simply not worth the $ .
 Normally , you 'd expect a company to understand a man and his underwear . Sadly , UA does not.When I received this underwear , I was able to wear it once . Once . Why ? Because it simply fell the hell apart half way through my day as I was wearing it.Chances are , this is just a defective case . Yeah , probably . So what do I do ? I go and contact UA support . First of all , I had to continuously try to get them to actually talk to me . I 'd say I had a problem with their underwear breaking down on me . What do they say ? To use the return form and send it back , followed by an immediate disconnection ! I had to try continuously contacting them to get them to say anything else what so ever . When I finally do , I ask whether or not I could just provide proof of purchase -LRB- a receipt + picture -RRB- . They simply deny me.I mean , really . Sending back a gross , dirty pair of underwear that you sweated in all day to the point they break is n't something you want to do . After denying me , they refused to talk to me whatsoever . They simply disconnect as soon as I enter the chat , refusing to talk to me at all ! Furthermore , their employees constantly gave attitude and belittled me at the same time.UA , you 're a damn shame . A damn shame .
 I am a big fan of Under Armour Compression Shorts , and prefer them to other brands -LRB- like Shock Doctor -RRB- . However , this order interface is terrible , and I have never seen such an obvious error on the part of Amazon . There is no size information to indicate what size you are ordering . It says sizes S-XL available , but gives you no way to choose your size . I very foolishly ordered anyway and what I received was size small . So I had to return the items and get replacements . Road Runner Sports has great customer service and made the return and reorder very easy , but it would have been better if I could have chosen my size when I placed the order through Amazon .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone very special and when the person opened the package I was so embarrassed . The product stated and also showed online the color `` white '' . However , upon opening the package the product was a `` dirty '' white and not pure white like online . The person accepted the gift which is why I can not return it . I still would like to be compensated for this product .
 I have no idea how good or bad this item is . Amazon advertised size M for this item and I ordered it . When it came it was S. and I did n't know it until after my grandson brought it back saying it was the wrong size . When I looked it was a S. I had thrown all the papers away so I am stuck with a size small for the next yard sale I have or someone has .
 I have lots of these , using them almost daily as underware . my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago . my two most recent purchases of these has yielded a variety of quality and sizes . seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control . wo n't be buying again
 I know this is a product review , but I need to bring up that I have bought over 20 pairs of these Under Armour Heatgear Compression shorts in the past , but if bought from this company , I suspect they may be fake . The material in the shorts as well as the band are rougher and seem of a lower grade material then what I 've bought directly from `` Under Armour '' . Two of my three pairs bought here have had the bands separate from the shorts with normal washing/wearing over a 2 month period . For reference , the oldest pair I have from `` Under Armour '' has lasted over 3 years with normal washing/wearing !!!
 I ended up with two garments two sizes too large on a reorder . Same UA top quality , but not the right fit .
 These shorts are extremely comfortable , and do their job . However , I have had several pair that rip in the inner thigh . My most recent pair ripped after only 3 months of use , being worn 1-2x per week . Simply not worth the $ .
 Normally , you 'd expect a company to understand a man and his underwear . Sadly , UA does not.When I received this underwear , I was able to wear it once . Once . Why ? Because it simply fell the hell apart half way through my day as I was wearing it.Chances are , this is just a defective case . Yeah , probably . So what do I do ? I go and contact UA support . First of all , I had to continuously try to get them to actually talk to me . I 'd say I had a problem with their underwear breaking down on me . What do they say ? To use the return form and send it back , followed by an immediate disconnection ! I had to try continuously contacting them to get them to say anything else what so ever . When I finally do , I ask whether or not I could just provide proof of purchase -LRB- a receipt + picture -RRB- . They simply deny me.I mean , really . Sending back a gross , dirty pair of underwear that you sweated in all day to the point they break is n't something you want to do . After denying me , they refused to talk to me whatsoever . They simply disconnect as soon as I enter the chat , refusing to talk to me at all ! Furthermore , their employees constantly gave attitude and belittled me at the same time.UA , you 're a damn shame . A damn shame .
 I have lots of these , using them almost daily as underware . my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago . my two most recent purchases of these has yielded a variety of quality and sizes . seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control . wo n't be buying again
 I am a big fan of Under Armour Compression Shorts , and prefer them to other brands -LRB- like Shock Doctor -RRB- . However , this order interface is terrible , and I have never seen such an obvious error on the part of Amazon . There is no size information to indicate what size you are ordering . It says sizes S-XL available , but gives you no way to choose your size . I very foolishly ordered anyway and what I received was size small . So I had to return the items and get replacements . Road Runner Sports has great customer service and made the return and reorder very easy , but it would have been better if I could have chosen my size when I placed the order through Amazon .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for someone very special and when the person opened the package I was so embarrassed . The product stated and also showed online the color `` white '' . However , upon opening the package the product was a `` dirty '' white and not pure white like online . The person accepted the gift which is why I can not return it . I still would like to be compensated for this product .
 I have no idea how good or bad this item is . Amazon advertised size M for this item and I ordered it . When it came it was S. and I did n't know it until after my grandson brought it back saying it was the wrong size . When I looked it was a S. I had thrown all the papers away so I am stuck with a size small for the next yard sale I have or someone has .
 The quality of cotton used on this product is not good . It came out of the dryer covered with wrinkles , despite the fact that I dried it on a permanent press + wrinkle guard setting . I must iron it and who wants to iron a t-shirt ???? I am very disappointed in the Columbia Sportswear company for putting out such a low-quality product .
 Bought this to take two bikes on a road-trip . Rack did fit nicely on the bumper of my car and did n't leave any scratches . If you own any sort of sedan though beware . This rack places the bike -LRB- s -RRB- above the height of the car , so not only is it difficult to lift up , but is a killer of gas mileage too . Despite being in the Saris fit guide , my Kia Rio had a drop of around 10mpg and I was travelling slow . I placed the rack on a large domestic sedan and it fit about the same , very high above the car . Apparently it is only meant for mountain bikes with wide tubes as I needed to place rags around the bike tubes on my 3 speed and hybrid in order to prevent slipping . Still the bikes did encounter a few scratches once I reached my destinations . I ended up returning the rack to Amnazon without hassle and bought the Thule Speedway which fits much lower on my car and the bikes fit on it properly .
 I bought the Guardian 3 to carry 3 bicycles on our annual trip to Cape Cod . I 've used it on both our Honda Civic and Toyota Prius . In both cases , the rack caused temporary damage to the rear bumper of the car
 This is a Graber guadian 3 ike rack , NOT a Saris guadian 3 . I purchased it and it looks very simular , but has no anti-sways and the straps are a hard cheap plastic . I called the company and they said all they could do was have me send it back and get my money back . I informed them that the pictures on the advertisements were not of the one they sent me and they just said if I was unhappy with my purchase , I could return it . This was a week ago , and as I see they still advertise the Saris with anti-sways and rubber hold down straps . BEWARE of this company !!!!
 This case was titled as a compact bow case for bow 's 43 '' long however at the time of purchase the description stated it would fit a 49 '' bow . Fast shipping and technically sent the right case per title but was described incorrectly so I had to send it back and I bought it from Cabella 's trusting their description .
 The quality of cotton used on this product is not good . It came out of the dryer covered with wrinkles , despite the fact that I dried it on a permanent press + wrinkle guard setting . I must iron it and who wants to iron a t-shirt ???? I am very disappointed in the Columbia Sportswear company for putting out such a low-quality product .
 We outgrew our 8x8 tents with the kids , so we bought this tent preparing for our next camp trip . We test it out at our back yard right after we bought it . It 's easy to set up , and roommy . However , the zippers are done in very low end quality . The window zippers work ok , but both the door zipper did not work well ! The mesh zipper will open up after you zipped it . The door zipper is not well stiched on one side ! And it 's hard to zip it around.We are return it back to the store tomorrow !
 We took this tent to the beach to camp for the weekend . After taking it out of the box -LRB- brand new -RRB- and getting the supports hammered in , the corner snapped completely off -LRB- cheap sewing job -RRB- . Then we tried rigging it in place and that helped but the wind -LRB- 10mph at most -RRB- kept imploding the tent and snapping more fabric in the process.Another important note is the window and door zippers get caught into the mesh and rip ... we payed 100 + dollars for this tent and we want every penny of it back.Overall , do not buy this tent unless you 're planning on putting it in the backyard for your kids . It just does n't hold up . I would have given it zero stars but one will have to do .
 i bought this tent brand new and had it for one year and opened it up one time to put it up and brought on a fishing trip and the string thats in the tent poles broke in 3 places . and the zippers are terrible always get caught.its roomy but its cheap !
 Shoddy seams and construction all around . First use we got rained on and the tent flooded ... The ONLY good thing about the style of this tent was all of the windows and the super thin fabric-great for summer camping , and if there 's a chance of showers , the tent will even come equipped with its own pool.We used this tent for one weekend and ended up tossing it in the trash pile on our way out of the park . What a waste .
 This was given to me as a gift so I am not ungrateful . However the 600 mm waterproofing it states is not even a minimum allowance for being water repellent . I would not chance this thing in a light sprinkle and the bottom stitching is so loose you can see daylight between some parts . There is no logic in spending time seam sealing this tent ... the seams would be the only thing keeping the water out , the rest would come right through the fabric walls itself.This is kind of an expensive tent ... you would n't have to look too far to find a smarter option . If it does not have at least a 1000 mm rating then you will get wet ... and that is a fact . I can not even image what this thing would do in the wind ... the thin poles are worse than the usual ones they put on the cheapest tents.You have my sympathy if you pay over 30.00 dollars for this tent .
 I ordered it from amazon and it came quickly but when i opened the package it looked nothing like the picture in amazon . Then when i used it the plastic at the bottom broke out and it riped the foam on my brand new penn rod . I would never recommend this product to anyone . Save your money .
 The small size is a perfect fit for my TCP and J-Frame , but should work well with any micro-frame semi-auto or revolver -LRB- S&W ; J-Frame / Ruger Model 85 -RRB- . PROS : Ballistic nylon outer with smooth nylon innerMoisture barrier -LRB- plastic sheet -RRB- sewn between the inner and outer layersSTRONG belt/pants clipReversible belt clip -LRB- goes on either side for left/right/cross-draw / small-of-back -RRB- Sturdy edge stitchingSturdy , double-stitched belt-clip mountCONS : Front sights `` hang '' sometimes when drawing the weapon , but could be because its not broken in yetHolster is very `` soft '' , so it wo n't `` mold '' to the weapon like leatherHolster does not grip the weapon inside the holster ... be careful when bending over or when removing pants -LRB- weapon may fall out -RRB- Belt clip has `` hook '' on the bottom to keep it from coming loose from the holster , but it 's sharp edges dig into your pants , and may cause a rip if you are not careful when removing itOverall , for the price , it is a great purchase , which allows me more conceal-carry options.UPDATE
 Mounting the rack on the vehicle is not an easy process . The rack is not designed for cars with plastic bumpers . The thumb screws that tighten the legs & arms are made of cheap black plastic and can easily be stripped . The Saris Bones 805-2-Bike Trunk Mount Rack is poorly designed.May I suggest you go out and purchase a Thule bike carier , or hitch mount carrier by Thule . You get what you pay for ...
 Interesting ... , Bought a Bones 2 , 2 years ago . . , had issues with one of the arms ; called to ask for the `` so called '' lifetime warranty . . ; the guy on the phone spent more time convincing me that the issue was MY FAULT instead of attending my request . Just bought a Thule Gateway 9007 ! exc !!!
 Make sure your bike will fit the rack . They have a chart to make sure rack fits car but not that your bike will fit rack . I have two Treck Pures . They wo n't work on this rack .
 When I opened the amazon box which had barely any tape on it to hold the box closed , the manufacture 's box had chunks of cardboard ripped off and missing . An entire side of that box was caved in . The product itself had scratches on it . I attempted to put this on a Honda Civic , which I might add is one of the most basic cars out there , and there was no place for the side straps to be hooked onto . I tried putting a bike on there and but because of the design all of the weight from the bike almost ripped off my bumper so I immediately took it off . The bike actually would not have fit on the mount because the mount is only designed for perfectly straight bike tubes which almost no bike is designed with . This was a terrible product and I am on my way to return it now .
 I followed the instructions to the letter , mounted the rack , put the bike on it , motored around , used the bike , put it back on , got home , took the bike off and discovered the coarse fabric and hardware rubbed the paint off my spoiler fin in two places . There were scratches where the hooks go in to the side of the trunk . The only way I could get the sides taut was to have the hooks in contact with the edges of the spoiler fin.If I were a new car owner , I 'd be all lawsuity and Consumer Reportsy . But , my car is 9 years old and I touch park , so I just feel I need to opine here as a Cautionary Tale.If you have a new car , do n't use this . Get something that mounts off your trailer hitch . The only reason I got this was that it was the only trunk mount rack available for my car . My car does not have a trailer hitch . I can not use a roof mount because I can not lift a bike over my head.In a nutshell . OK for a beater . Not OK for a new car .
 It certainly did n't fit my mountain bike . The sway strap was in the way of the shock , and the brake cable and cable holding area on the frame was in the way of the rack 's arms . This rack is good for those simple straight across bar road bikes , but mountain bikes with all of the different suspension placement and so on ? ... I 'd stay away from this rack . At least I got it used , so I can re-sell it on craigslist . Oh and I can see where it scratches the paint . 3 arms , and all of them need to push against SOMETHING . That is your paint ! Not the BEST idea , I do n't care HOW clean the surfaces are , it scratches . The straps and clips are also kinda detrimental to your paint if you 're not careful . They 're just metal tabs bent to hook around your trunk . They 're painted with a semi-rubberized coating , but it is n't fool proof.Also the coating on the straps has weathered away easily and you 're left with hard plastic to strap in your bike . Looks like one nice day in the sun and that ` protective ' coating is toast . It was very stable once it was on , and it was easy to GET on -LRB- as long as you 're not a simpleton -RRB- . I would rate it 4 stars if it fit my bike , but since it did not , it was a waste . Make sure yours fits before purchasing
 The fasteners on this thing are awful . I was driving down the highway and after going over a bridge the bike flew off my car because the fasteners stripped and came undone.Spend more money on a nicer bike rack . Now I have to get a new bike and rack instead of paying maybe 50 bucks more and still having a bike .
 I purchased this rack because it looked modern and cool . When it arrived , I was disappointed to discover how big it is . Even when folded , it takes up a lot more space than other racks . Since I have a small car , space is important to me and I do n't want a rack that wo n't fit in my trunk or my closet.Also , the straps required a lot of effort to adjust and I could never get it really tight.There are better racks that are much cheaper , so I would recommed looking elsewhere . I exchanged this rack for an Allen Ultra Compact .
 I have used the bike rack 10 - 15 times , properly installed , and it has scratched the paint on my brand new car .
 I ordered this jersey 1/5 and it was supposed to be here yesterday and today I have n't gotten it either . WORST SERVICE EVER ! IT 'S A JERSEY FOR CYRIN ' OUT LOUD !!! And it 's not like I am ordering from out of country either . : @
 i dont think this should be listed as `` bullet proof '' or even bb proof . some idiot will get hurt with these.found this while searching for kevlar
 i wouldnt trust the company it never got to my house i thnik the mail man stole it from me !
 looks cool . Key word people `` looks '' cool , it is n't bullet proof , please do n't think it is , or that pockets make you look the part .
 I purchased another MK315 because I smoked the first one during an electrical storm . I received my Minn Kota MK315 and the first thing I noticed was the poor packaging from AMAZON.com . As heavy as that unit is , they tossed it in a box with a couple of piece of bubble wrap which allowed the unit to beat the outside box and unit box to pieces . Since it was left on my doorstep , was n't much I could do . Upon installation , the `` Power '' light did not work . Unit seems to charge all three batteries fine . Minn Kota says there is no warranty because I cut the power cord to install in the boat . In their words ; `` The MK-315 is a reliable charger . It is unlikely that the charger was defective right out of the box . Unfortunately because the AC plug was altered the warranty is now void . The chargers are a sealed unit and can not be repaired . '' I do believe that will be the last Minn Kota charger I buy !
 I was excited to get this ball as I use one in physical therapy and need to continue my exercises at home . I did n't mind that the ball would be red and was looking forward to trying the DVD . The package deal was thirty dollars and it was a splurge for me . When the ball got here , I discovered the following :1 -RRB- there was no DVD included -LRB- which then bumped my purchase to the `` rip off '' category as you can get a decent ball for around fifteen dollars , not thirty -RRB- 2 -RRB- it was a pearly white , which was pretty . Not the red everyone complained about , and not what was advertised , but that was okay with me .3 -RRB- The ball was now selling for twenty-three dollars instead of thirty , and the description still read , `` Follow the professionally-developed exercises in the included Core Performance instructional DVD with trainer Mark Verstegen to significantly improve your core stability , balance , and strength . '' which is n't true if they do n't include the DVD.Overall , a huge disappointment and a hassle , as I have to return the ball since there was no DVD and I may as well shop for it locally now where I can choose my own color and make sure I pick something that either has a DVD or does n't charge as though it does . Bummer !
 So excited to get this . . but have tried and tried to get the white stopper to stay where it should . Others have tried as well , but no luck it keeps slipping out . Now maybe I am doing something wrong , but when something which seems simple takes so much energy time and effort , well something is wrong with the product . I have not had the joy of using it yet as it does look strong and of good quality . Sigh .
 As stated in the subject line , this product may be a good fitness ball but not firm enough to be a chair .
 I ordered this as it was advertized as being professional grade , like what you would expect to find in a good health club gym or the like . This ball seems no different than most others i 've seen and used . I 'm about 210lbs and when i use the ball for any exercise that involves sitting on it or laying on it the ball changes shape temporarily . When i get off of the ball it 's not a ball so much as an orb . it returns to a round shape but for being as sturdy as Go-Fit seems to claim this thing seems to be crap . I 'd recommend looking for something that is actually heavy duty if that 's what you 're needing . There are way too many junk exercise balls on the market and this one is a slightly better than average version . The 75cm size is really large too .
 The pump already looked fishy , it had some remains of contact glue at the top end of the pump . 15 minutes -LRB- 65 cm on the way -RRB- the top part comes off . . I guess with contact glue I will be able to fix the pump , still ... The ball itself so far holds well , not sure if one is supposed to sit on it when its not fully inflated though . . T.
 It is possible I got a defective ball , but I bought this with the intention of using it for p90x2 . I inflated it following the directions precisely , but I found it nearly impossible to perform most of the exercises because the ball compressed so much . It is very high quality and was nearly odorless , but I highly suggest going for a cheaper ball -LRB- I 'm now using a TKO ball -RRB- that is more firm .
 This ball is great when it 's inflated , but it does n't seem to stay that way for long . When I pump it up on a Monday , it 's already soft by Tuesday and needs another pump to be usable for anything but bouncing around . I 'm pretty disappointed with its performance but waited too long to start using it and therefore am unable to return it ...
 Last night , my GoFit 65cm Professional Stability Ball BURST ! It was n't punctured . It just burst like a balloon . It was a structural failure . One seam tore open from top to bottom instantly.I was slammed to the floor and hit my head on the wall . Luckily , I was sitting on the ball . If I were on my back , my head would have hit first . Not a pleasant thought . The explosion of sound terrified my pets and they scattered in all directions . One of them is now limping.It looks like thicker material is the basis for the `` anti-burst '' claims . Most of the `` failure '' videos show a nice round hole and a slow deflation . However , the material tears easily , once started . This results in a catastrophic failure . I would feel better if there were something to prevent a tear like an additional non-tear film or an embedded mesh.I did a lot of searching the net for information as to when to replace a stability ball . I found nothing . Other information was hit or miss but generally there was info on sizing , how to inflate , some safe use recommendations , a pressure number , and sometimes a weight limit . But there was nothing on when to replace the ball.The reason I started looking for a replacement was the GoFit ball was almost four years old and had seen lots of use , both exercising and watching TV . Until it exploded , I had been pleased with it . It seemed heavy duty and the surface had a good texture . Because of the anti-burst claims , I felt comfortable with the thought that a catastrophic failure was extremely unlikely.Over the four years , the GoFit had grown from its original 65 cm to about 71 cm . It also became tomato-shaped . I was thinking of replacing the ball with another GoFit 65cm Professional Stability Ball to regain the 65 cm size and the roundness . Unfortunately , I hesitated to replace it because it only came in red . Irony is a b * tch.It would be beneficial if the manufacturers were to : Issue guidelines for replacement . If it grows in size . If it becomes more that x vs y deformed . Visual inspection criteria . Age . Has anyone done a Mean Time Before Failure ? What do company complaint records show?Establish weight limits instead of burst strength . Burst strength does n't translate into the real world and help guide people 's selections and actions . From what I found , the multimillion-dollar lawsuits were people lifting weights on the ball . Along with this , test what transient pressures are achieved by different activities of someone at the top weight limit -LRB- e.g vigorous bouncing -RRB- . Putting a van on a ball , while showy , has nothing to do with actual use . Just as an aside , if it were me , I would edit the sound track of that video to remove the person that instructs `` Dennis '' to `` Slide your hand under that tire . '' . Fortunately , `` Dennis '' has more self-preservation than that and uses a stick . Smart!Find a way to make the ball material more tear resistant . Has anyone done a Failure Modes and Effects Analysis ? The potential for injury would force a decision to mitigate even if the potential for occurrence was small.I will get another ball . I just have n't decided to get the more expensive ball or a less expensive ball and replace it more frequently . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I contacted GoFit and they did respond . They felt that my review was overly negative because I had derived years of service from their product . They also informed me that I had misused their product by sitting on it and that automatically voided the warranty.Here is what they said . `` I ask because you state that you used your ball for years before this happened but still gave a negative review . The case in point is that stability balls -LRB- and all of our products -RRB- are made for exercise use . Not to be sat on for multiple hours a day to watch TV or do office work . This will stress the integrity of the ball . You have misused the item for its intended purpose and still got a lot of use out of it . Using the Stability ball for anything other than exercises -LRB- sitting on it like a chair -RRB- automatically voids warranty . `` I requested a copy of the warranty to clarify their position on `` sitting '' . Apparently , their email was their final word on the topic.I might have bought another GoFit except for their exclusion of sitting on the ball . I ended up buying a Fitter DuraBall as the replacement.Fitter Duraball Pro 65 CM -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you own or are thinking of buying a stability ball , check out my guide `` Be better informed about Exercise Balls '' . It has additional information gleaned from additional manufacturers ' web sites.The most direct way I found to navigate to `` So you 'd like to ... '' Guides is to run a product search . Select any one of the `` Listmania ! '' offerings on the left . A `` More So You 'd Like to ... '' box with a search box will be located on the lower right of the page . Put `` Be better informed about Exercise Balls '' in the search box , with or without quotes.I did ask Amazon customer service for a direct route to Guides . The answers that I got from five different inquires was how to search once you were in Guides or how to make a Guide . It would be nice if there were an option for guides either below Listmania ! or a button like for Wish Lists on the home page . It is likely that a lot of people miss out on the info in Guides . So give Guides a try .
 The Amazon return period expired on Feb. 7Almost to the day two months later the ball i was comfortably sitting on at worked popped and deflated and landed me on the floor during a business meeting.Embarrassed ? A little . Especially because I have been telling everybody int the office hwo great this ball is and how well it works for me.I will return it to Amazon and will send e message to the manufacturer . Fortunately nobody was hurt.I hope the company will replace the ball without any problems , especially since there were no sharp objects involved and I think I am not too heavy at 195 lb.I 'll continue writing when I receive a reply from the manufacturer or Amazon .
 The GoFit 65cm Professional Stability Ball is not equal in quality to the stability balls at our local gym.The ball seems too soft and pliable . I would investigate other brands , or see what your local gym is usingbefore ordering . `` Professional '' seems to be a bit of a stretch !
 they do n't tell you different heights need different sizes ... . til you have to pay over half the price to return it ! BE CAREFUL ... they are n't ... very disappointing !
 We have not figured out gow to inflate it fully yet . The go fit customer service is open only monday - friday 9 - 5 . So we have n't used it yet . I think i should have just bought it from a local store . The instructions are quite poor .
 I just got the GoFit ball . It came with a handbook with excercise options . An instruction DVD on using the ball , a hand pump and a white plastic piece I assume it related to the pump or plug to the ball . The ball already has a similiar white plug in place . There are NO instructions on how to get the ball inflated . The pump does not fit into where I assume to pump air into it . No matter what Itry I can not get the ball to take any air . If I could inflate the darn ball , I would be able to rate its performance . If you can not get air into it , it is completely useless .
 These balls are excellent . I use one at work as a chair and was buying another for exercise at home . Very good product , but my low rating is due to the fact that Amazon apparently received a batch of balls that are mislabeled . I have 65cm Go Fit balls at home and this 75cm is exactly the same size . My 75cm Go Fit that I have at work is noticeably larger.I 've returned this ball once and Amazon -LRB- as they always do -RRB- gave me excellent customer service and sent out a replacement . Regrettably , the replacement is also a 65cm marked as 75cm .
 I 'd read the 5 star reviews the day I ordered this ball . I wish I 'd read the 1 stars . If I had , I might have discovered what others have said -- that the ball you get is not the ball pictured . The ball pictured is a nice dark gray , perfect for a workplace chair . The one you get has exercise graphics aprox 4 '' high in a circle around the middle . Lame . I really do n't want a little men doing exercises around my butt at work , GoFit.Anyway , I 've alerted Amazon to this discrepancy . Maybe when they get enough of these returned , they 'll change the photo.This is what the graphics look like , by the way.http : / / www.amazon.com/GoFit-2000-Professional-Grade-Stability/dp/B007BW8KNY/ref=sr_1_6?s=sporting-goods&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1334450360&sr;=1-6Oh so , is that the only reason for 1 star ? No . It is made of the stinkiest vinyl or whatever that I 've ever come across . In a closed bag , inside the box , I can still smell it . As some have said , that smell does n't go away , even after months of use . I 'm going back to FitBall , which I 've used successfully for years .
 This ball would get 5 stars , but they decided to print out exercises on the ball itself , turning the nice stick free ball into a swiffer . And since the newly printed part has different rubber than the rest , it will probably become lopsided much quicker than it should . I want to send it back but I really hate returning online purchases .
 I ordered the `` 75cm GoFit COMMERCIAL GRADE Stability Ball '' that is pictured.What I received was the less expensive `` GoFit 2000lb . Professional Grade Core Stability Ball '' that has cartoon characters on it , the very same one that I had previously purchased at a local BIG 5 for around $ 15 and had returned because of poor quality ... NOT HAPPY !! .
 Found the product not to be durable . Both balls split in the first day of use so they seem too fragile for the intended use .
 My wife loves this ball . She likes its color and thinks it is very sturdy . I , however , think that we have a defective ball . No matter how de/inflated I make the ball , it never becomes a sphere . With the help of a bicycle pump and the enclosed plastic tip I was able to inflate the ball to its recommended 65cm -LRB- I used a tailors tape to measure -RRB- , but I was far from round . The ball has three ` lobes ' . I 've read great things about GoFit , so this is probably an anomaly . I would have returned , but my wife does n't mind .
 I bought this ball to use as an office chair without reading up enough on the matter . I thought it would burn calories and improve posture , but as it turns out the ball really does n't do much of either . An article at the N Y Times said that according to a 2008 study , performing clerical work at a desk while sitting on an exercise ball burns about four more calories an hour than the same activity in a chair , or roughly only 30 extra calories in a typical workday . And a Dutch study found that the disadvantages , including spinal shrinkage , may outweigh any advantages . All I know is that my back and hip joints hurt after I used this , and the ball did n't work out as an office chair . It might be fine if you want it for other exercise , but that was n't what I purchased it for .
 I bought this ball because of the cheap price . You get what you pay for . The ball was not the size specified and I could not keep it still . It was thin and not good quality . I have previously owned a different brand and I go to the gym regularly and this ball is awful compared to others ! I threw it in the trash .
 The ball that had arrived is not the ball that is pictured in the description . It 's not even a GoFit brand ball . The product description is not just misleading it 's a lie . The `` ball '' is n't even round . It 's an oblate spheroid and you can see the drip marks of rubber under a 100W equivalent compact fluorescent light 5 + feet away from the light source . The ball has dark black smudge marks/stains on it . It does n't look anything like the picture that is used for the item . I will be attempt to get a full refund ! This is the actual ball that you will be receiving!gpct203 red is the model that is on the box that this ball came in . The site below shows the same ball with those textured stripes going around it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Ball is ok , hand pump can not produce enough pressure to fully inflate ball to proper pressure . Has strong plastic smell even after washing . Would not purchase another one
 We purchased the so called Professional Stability Ball and it has leaked since we received it . The air inlet leaks and make the ball not functional .
 The worst purchase I have ever made on Amazon . First it was n't even the ball I bought . It was a Diff . model than the one shown on the screen . The ball has stupid Cartoon Characters doing exercises on the ball , which I now realize that you show a diif . ball because that one would never sell . Do not buy this ball save your money .
 The cheap plastic pump broke while inflating it for the first time . The ball itself seems fine so far . It 's not quite at the recommended circumference because of the pump breaking . I ordered a separate pump to fill it the rest of the way .
 While I think it 's a good quality ball , the pump is terrible . Mine broke before it was fully inflated . The thing is about as cheap as they can possibly make it.Very disappointing that they ca n't provide a higher quality product .
 just bought the 75cm Go Fit Proball . It was delivered quickly ; however , when inflated , it is clearly not 75cm in diameter - though it 's printed on the ball . In actuality , it 's 55 cm . This is annoying .
 First of all it took a good 5 or 6 minutes of straight pumping to get the ball inflated . I used it once and everything seemed fine with the ball . The next day the ball had lost a noticeable amount of air . I was still able to use it with a little less air , but after a day it should n't have lost any air . I left it alone for a couple of days and even more air had drained from it . It 's not worth enough money to hassle with sending it back for one that might do the same thing if replaced and it 's definitely irritating having to re-inflate it all the time .
 I intended to use this ball in my office , but it arrived -LRB- totally unlike the picture -RRB- with cartoony hieroglypics of a man doing exercises all over the ball . It looks stupid and I can not use it in my office . What a lie . Also , it did n't come with a pump , even though it says there is one on the box !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this ball . First it get lost in transit . I took my refund and ordered it again . Then the ball came , it writes 75 cm . both on ball and on package but the ball is actually 65 cm . !!! I have measured it with a tape and it rolls through a 65 cm . width area . I ` m gon na order this again but only god knows what ` ll i get.Also the real problem is ; most people do not measure their balls -LRB- LOL -RRB- and with this product coming with a package stating that it is 75 i believe most people use the wrong-sized balls . The reason for me to write this is ; i tried to contact their customer services . They do not answer or return to your complains ...
 This ball has to be re-infalted every other day . I do use it every day and the air loss is such that it HAS to be re-inflated .
 I have set up a studio at home with matts and some equipment and was so looking forward to my exercise ball , only to be very disappointed by this one . First off , the instruction that come with it were obviously written in some far off country as they are sketchy at best . Second , the `` pump '' they include is not only ridiculous -LRB- something some child might use for a toy blow up doll -RRB- but the parts they send to connect to the pump and tubing are VERY difficult to work . I ca n't imagine having to go through that every time I needed to inflate the ball more . Now I 'm pretty good with instructions and putting things together , but I got to a point that I decided to just return it all and order something , maybe a little more expensive , hopefully made in America , that wo n't put me through this torture!Then , the icing on the cake is they not only make you pay to ship it back ... fair enough , but they 'll charge you 10 % `` restocking '' fee . Not the kind of Customer Service I expected from an Amazon -LRB- endorsed -RRB- product !
 I wanted to use this as my desk chairNopeIt was too small and was like I was sitting in the floor.Also , the pump they provide is horrible ... pleas to be pumping for another 20 min just to inflate .
 The package said it contains threaded nozzle for bicycle hand pump . It do miss that in the package . I guess i received the used product.I would not recommend this product .
 I compared products and was looking forward to the color purple but received a red ball instead . Amazon offered a partial credit but be warned , if color matters , purple is not what you will get !
 The ball itself seems like it would be nice and sturdy -- unfortunately you need to actually put air into it . The accompanying pump is completely non-functional . The only exercise we are going to have with the GoFit Stability ball is the effort it takes to return it.Update a week later
 i bought it for a play i bought 5 the mislead you thinking the skirt comes with it and the straps arent even sewed on its just a big piece of fabric
 The quality of cotton used on this product is not good . It came out of the dryer covered with wrinkles , despite the fact that I dried it on a permanent press + wrinkle guard setting . I must iron it and who wants to iron a t-shirt ???? I am very disappointed in the Columbia Sportswear company for putting out such a low-quality product .
 One of the legs broke in two , the bike flew off the rack on a highway at 70mph , damaged beyond repair . Do n't get this plastic piece of crap . Look at the image , its hollow inside , there is no reinforcement of any kind .
 Very difficult product to adjust & strap onto the trunk of a car.The clips used for attaching to the trunk actually scratched the paint on my car . I do not recommend unless you have a lot of patience to install for each bike ride.On the flip side , it is made of very durable material & is weather resistant .
 I got this rack based upon the recommendation of my local bike shop and was at first pleased with its light weight and inexpensive price but it turns out , my bikes were at risk . My car is an SUV so it turns out that the top straps are supporting most of the weight , even though the bottom bones are resting on a ledge . I used it about 8x with 1 bike and had no problems . I used it 5x with 2 bikes and noticed that there was a gap between the rear glass and the top of the rack . I kept trying to tighten it but it never seemed to get tight enough . Finally , the day I put 3 bikes on it , I hit a bump at a slow speed and `` pop , '' one of the top straps snapped . It put 2 dents in the car where the feet were and I had to take the bikes off and reload . Luckily , I was n't on the highway ! I was able to back up the rack using some rope so I got home without further incident and when I contacted Saris they were willing to send me a new strap but I was n't as concerned with getting a new strap as getting a beefier strap . They were n't able to do it and their customer service rep said that their straps our fine . I would beg to differ ! So to solve the issue , I bought a lashing strap and attached it to my roof rack and put it through the metal cylinder . Even with 3 bikes , the rack does n't move at all , clearly illustrating that the problem was with the top straps . If you want to see pics , send me a pm . So in conclusion , if you mount the rack on the trunk of a car , you will probably be fine but for vans or SUVs with a near vertical rear end , the straps are completely under-engineered .
 We 've had our Subaru 08 Outback since 2007 but this summer -LRB- 2012 -RRB- was the first year we attempted to transport bikes . Having also owned a '95 Subaru , I had no idea that the newer cars can not take hatch-back bike racks due to the fiberglass `` spoiler '' at the top of the hatch . -LRB- we do n't have a hitch and we did n't want to use a roof rack mainly because it would be very hard for us to get the bikes on top of the car , and living in NYC we also have the front wheels permanently attached to the frames -RRB- After much research on Amazon and other biking sites , it seemed as if the Saris bones was the only option . I ordered the `` 3 Bones '' -LRB- we have 4 bikes but I figured we could get one in the trunk -RRB- as well as the hatch `` hugger '' adaptorsSaris Hatch Huggers for Saris Trunk Mount Rackswhich are necessary to attach this rack to the Subaru . Upon receiving the rack I read the documentation that came with it and discovered there is a weight limit to the rack ! You can attach 3 bikes OR 105 lbs max . We did n't know how much our brand new KHS bikes weighed but after weighing ourselves with the bikes in hand we realized we could only fit two bikes at a time on this rack . Also the installation did seem like a lot of work . Long story short , returned the rack , never transported the bikes.Amazon was great to deal with in the return process - this was the first time I ever returned anything I purchased via Prime , and I was able to return it for free . We ended up never transporting the bikes , figured it was easier to rent bikes if necessary !
 I decided to buy this rack partially due to the excellent reviews here and for the most part I do n't think it meets my expectations.I have owned it now for about two years.First of it came with defective screws , after complaining to the store -LRB- did n't purchase through amazon -RRB- , they send me replacements , and they did say it 's known issue , they are plastic and they wear out . I wish I had known that.Once the screws are replaced so far they still hold up pretty well -LRB- after two years of light use -RRB- , rack stays steady on the car , it does what it is suppose to do . Initial set up took a while but once you have the settings for your car it 's really easy to put on and take down , couple of minutes and your are off to go . I put two bikes on it and it 's tight , can imagine putting three on would be quite a challenge if not impossible.Visually it does n't look as nice as on the online photos , actually looks like cheap plastic and not the sleek look I was expecting . I bought it because I wanted the highest possible quality that will last me a life time , quality already falls short , lasting part is to be determined.Advertised as cadillac of bike racks , I would rather say it 's a dodge of them .
 We bought this for our Prius only a few months ago , the third time out , the strap broke sometime during our drive and dented the hatch and bumper badly -LRB- the bikes hung on til we pulled over -RRB- . Thousands in damage , do n't know if Saris is going to help with the damage but BUYER BEWARE !! 2 adult and one kid bike . Terrible terrible rack .
 I 've seen this on trunklids , with bikes or without
 We hate this thing . Hate . Hate . Hate.Even though it is supposed to hold three bikes , we ca n't even get two bikes on it , they are so squished together.Every time we try to use it , we just get covered in grease , angry , and abandon all hope of ever riding bikes somewhere that is not at home.Foaming raging hatred .
 My rack arrived broken . I wrote to SARIS through their site - they did not respond . So , I called them and of course , `` we 're experiencing high call volume '' I left a message and they called back and said that they would ship the part . It has been 2 weeks now and the part has n't arrive . I called back at a WAY different time and of course , got the same `` we 're experiencing high call volume '' my guess is that they have one person answering all calls . Anyway , I 've been on hold for over 16 minutes - and counting . So , I now have a bike rack that I have n't been able to use for about a month now and it will likely be at least another week .
 Carries bikes alright . Would expect some better quality for a trunk bike rack > $ 140 . Screws to hold arms in place are cheap plastic and strip out very easliy . There 's some other small problems with the carrier . I would expect more for how much it cost . This carrier is more form over functionality . Save your money and get a $ 60 rack that will work just as good but not be as pretty .
 At first glance this rack seems well designed . In fact when I first put it on my car it felt very secure . However , after 3 days I noticed that one of the inner arms was loose . On closer inspection I realized that the screw that tightens the arm was defective and would n't tighten . After pulling it out I was n't surprised because the screw is made of plastic . I could n't believe it . The entire rack was total garbage because of one plastic screw . The screw is not replaceable with something from your local hardware store either . It is a specialty screw with a large cap on it that lets you hand tighten it . I ca n't believe that Saris would do this just to save a few bucks . This rack went back to Amazon and good riddance .
 Purchased this bike rack after visiting the Saris website and searching for a bike rack that could be used with a VW Beetle and Toyota 4Runner . The rack arrived in a timely manner but ... instructions were vague and hard to follow . My husband and I spent a couple of hours trying to install the rack & 2 bicycles onto the 4Runner . We could get the rack on - tight & secure - but the weight of the bicycles caused the upper legs to pull away from the rear window . We finally gave up and returned the rack to Amazon . In addition , no way could the rack be used on the VW - straps and metal clips would have to be attached to glass which the instructions clearly said should not happen . I consider my husband & I to be reasonably intelligent but possible that there was something we failed to do ???????? A positive ... Amazon paid for return shipping and credited my credit card - no questions asked .
 great looking rack . folds up small enough to keep in the trunk.HOWEVER , it only works well for straight top tubes and pretty much eliminates anything except road bikes . top tube adapters do not work well with this rack.Does not work well with over-sized tubed bikes . Large tubes simply do not fit into the slots .
 This rack is sturdy as long as it worked . I bought this rack just about 4 months ago . I had it mounted on my car all this time . There is a thin hard plastic ring with a very thin lip that goes on the inside of the cylinder to protect the nylon ties from rubbing and tearing at the edge of the cylinder , which is very sharp . So today the plastic ring cracked -LRB- probably from temperature drop to 60s over the last few days from 90s the week before -RRB- and one of the two main nylon ties , which clips to the back of the trunk lid of the car , tore by cutting along the edge of the cylinder . So I think this is a design flaw - either the plastic ring could have been thicker or the edges of the ridged cylinder could be smoother and not so razor sharp .
 The reviews in Amazon made me decide to buy this bike rack but now that I have it , it is obviously an over-rated product.The extending arms that hold the bike are thick especially towards the end which make it hard to fit a bike properly.I have a full suspension bike and even though I bought the extra bar to go between the seat and the handlebars , it is not very easy to put on and definitely does n't feel safe -LRB- the bike is hanging by the seat which is not a fixed part . -RRB- The seat post strap is a nice feature but is also cumbersome.As far as the plastic , it 's good to have the material of the rack softer than the bike so that in case of a bang you do n't damage the bike.After using it for a few weeks I found that it is easier to put the bike on in reverse with the seat post strap towards the lower bar .
 If you own a car that you do n't care about the paint , then this bike mount is perfect for you . However , if you have a car that you would like to preserve your paint job , then invest in a trailer hitch mount . I personally like my mount but I 'm giving it a 1 because it is really tough on the car 's paint job . Especially where the 6 rubber tipped connectors attach to different parts of the body of the car . There is a lot of strain on the paint due to the weight of the bikes . The rubber feet on the top and bottom of the center of the device is great but it too will eventually harm your paint . Giving it a 1 because of this .
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 i bought it for a play i bought 5 the mislead you thinking the skirt comes with it and the straps arent even sewed on its just a big piece of fabric
 I purchased this holster at Cabelas and am very disappointed . Among the many things wrong with this holster is that , despite being advertised for a standard frame auto , it does not hold my Colt Model 80 . If fact , the weapon moves around in the holster quite freely . Secondly , the leg straps are too short and I have average size thighs . Lastly , the holster flops out from my leg approximately one inch and there is no way to hold the holster tight against your thigh . All in all , a pooly made holster from a poor design . It is almost redundant to say that it was made in China . Do not purchase this product .
 i bought it for a play i bought 5 the mislead you thinking the skirt comes with it and the straps arent even sewed on its just a big piece of fabric
 When I received this in the mail it did n't work . Upon further inspection , it looks like FansEdge sent me an already defective product because the product had batteries in it already , which it was not supposed to come with . I called them and they were supposed to send me a return label to send the product back and a refund . I am still waiting 3 weeks later for both of these and now have to work with my credit card company to contest payment . I would not order anything from FansEdge again .
 The quality of cotton used on this product is not good . It came out of the dryer covered with wrinkles , despite the fact that I dried it on a permanent press + wrinkle guard setting . I must iron it and who wants to iron a t-shirt ???? I am very disappointed in the Columbia Sportswear company for putting out such a low-quality product .
 This is a case of getting what you pay for . Service was excellent and prompt from the seller , but the sais themselves were a disappointment . The advertisement showed these had been marked down from $ 105 to $ 29 , leading one to believe these were one of the better-quality pair of sais that had been marked down on sale . The balance is not quite right on them , making it awkward to flip them out . They are a bit too heavily weighted on the handle for the length of the blades . The handle itself has cheap plastic wrapping it , not leather . The bend of the two little side-prongs is not as depicted in the photo -LRB- they are bent at a right angle , making it difficult to do anything except a basic underhanded flip , not a graceful curve as shown in the photo -RRB- . If you are only doing basic sai katas , it wo n't be a problem , but if you plan on using these for some of the more advanced showboating used at Extreme Martial Arts competitions , these sais wo n't do the trick . When you clash the sais together -LRB- a test of the quality of the steel -RRB- they make a dull-sounding hollow clang , not a nice crisp ringing like quality sais make.Overall , for $ 23 , I feel I got a pair of $ 23 sais -LRB- not $ 105 ones that had been marked down on sale -RRB- . I am going to pass these down to one of the younger students to learn basic forms on , but will keep looking for an upgrade for myself .
 Am trying to make due with it since I purchased . It 's overpriced by $ 7 compared with the Spartan Sports Talking Pedometer -LRB- almost the same product except different colors for plastic -RRB- . The stride mechanism also sticks occasionally and I have to shake the device to get it to work.I agree with previous comments - there are some problems . It 's too easy to accidentally press the button on top that turns on the very annoying music , and it 's too easy to accidentally press the button on top that turns the alarm on , and it 's too easy to accidentally press the big button on the front that will speak the number of steps and distance you 've walked .
 It would be nice if they specified in the description of the product that it will not fit a number of different styles of bikes . I have a carbon frame bike that it wo n't even come close to fitting because of the size of the downtube . It also will not fit an aluminum frame bike my daughter has for the very same reason . Because of the cost to return , I kept it and gave it away to someone with a standard butted steel frame . I am disappointed that it did n't work for me and I wasted my money . Again , the limitations of this stand should be included in its description .
 I have 2 very modern bikes . The frames have oversized downtubes . One frame is aluminum , the other high-end carbon . The bend on this stand -LRB- where it hooks around the downtube -RRB- does not fit either frame . Would recommend this to someone who rides steel frame bicycles . It is ideal for those that have smaller diameter tubes.For the modern bikes , this product is USELESS .
 I just received this stand and went to try it on my Trek 4500 and did not fit , not only did it not fit , but put some scratched on my bike :o-LRB- . So now I 'm stuck with this stand that will most likely not do anything for me . It 's not worth returning it . I paid $ 8.49 for the stand and the same for shipping . $ 16.98 total . It will cost me about $ 5 to ship it back so I will only get $ 3 back after it 's all said and done which to me is not worth it.If you plan on using this on a Trek Mountain bike look elsewhere , it will not fit and will scratch it . : o -LRB-
 These Sunlite/Pyramid BB stands have a notorious habit of shifting under the bicycle it is suspending , rendering the bike ever so slightly angled to one side or another - but just enough that a misguided poke will send the whole mess flying to the floor.I once exhibited a series of vintage and modern lightweight road bicycles at a show wherein these stands were provided by the event organizers . I had the foresight to bring chainstay/seatstay hook stands -LRB- even then , not the best - crank mount stands are my preference -RRB- for my personal bikes , which served their purpose as intended during the event . On the other hand , we nearly lost a Cinelli MASH to one of these BB-shell stands , and had a few close calls with the other bikes as well.I might use one of these in an emergency , but I would not rely on it . Neither would I expect the vinyl-coated hook to refrain from damaging a thin , 1970 's - era paint job - or a current-era clearcoat , for that matter .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 the strips will not hold up to the weight , it torn on the first use . Do not order this product !!
 The weights in my old weight vest have started to desintegrate so it was time for a new one . The price is right and other reviews were very positive . On reviewer who said she was 5 ' 2 &#34; found it too short . I did not think this would be a problem for me because I am considerably taller , 5 ' 7 &#34; . However it is too long ... sits on the hips rather than hanging from the shoulders and ending at the waist line like my old one does . I do not think it will be very comfortable so I am sending it back . Also , I thought the illustration I looked at showed it as black . It is white , not attractive -LRB- How attractive can a weight vest be ? -RRB- and will probably look dirty very soon and have to be laundered a lot .
 I had bought this vest primarily for pushups but when i tried it on i had noticed that most of the weight was positioned on my mid to lower back area . i was concerned that a. -RRB- it may end up causing my form to be compromised and b. -RRB- i may also end up ultimately injuring my self or at the very least not reaping the full benefit . otherwise i supposed itd be an okay vest for other exercises that did n't matter if it hung a little low eg pullups , dips . . maybe . . i would NOT recommend this for running or even walking unless you keep your back straight and have perfected your form as you may injure yourself with the lower center of gravity and weight . so at the end of it all i decided to return it and go with the `` mir short style vest '' that was twice as much but was designed with -LRB- virtually -RRB- all the weight on the upper back and chest area -LRB- which may in fact be superior to most vests out there . . -RRB- hope this helps !
 I bought this vest for my husband who is an avid runner . he had to return it , as he found it to be uncomfortable . it moved around too much as he was running .
 i bought it for a play i bought 5 the mislead you thinking the skirt comes with it and the straps arent even sewed on its just a big piece of fabric
 While this unit may be as accurate as described , I nonetheless had to return it because it was an extremely uncomfortable , annoyingly intrusive fit on my wrist .
 Mark of fitness MF-180 did not work . It did not pick my heart rate accurately no matter how many times I repositioned it . It was also uncomfortable . I do not recommend this for anyone who needs a reliable heart rate reading .
 `` DO NOT USE WHEN BICYCLING . '' This is printed on the back of the MF-180 package . This gadget is intended ONLY for JOGGING & WALKING . Inside the user manual it further states that this monitor WILL NOT give accurate measurements for any exercise that requires gripping or `` excessive hand movements '' . Additional limitations
 the monitor looks really cool on the hand while cycling or at the gym ... however due to its design , it does not provide accurate readings . the finger has to be in a specific position with the sensor and that too without movement if it has to be anywhere close to accurate . I 'm going to stick with the chest strap for accurate readings .
 This unit was purchased with the hope that it would give continuous and reliable readings . It often does , but inaccuracies are not uncommon ; e.g. , when removed it sometimes continues to report a heart rate , and during use it occasionally reports erroneously higher readings , compared to baton and direct pulse measurements.Others with different hand and blood vessel geometry may obtain different results , but with the anatomical dimensions of my hand I found the unit too inaccurate to consistently rely on.Wearing the unit is not without comfort issues for me . The velcro fastening material is placed along the full width of the finger mount . This results in the unit sometimes becoming uncomfortable to wear . Also , the width of the finger mount means the index finger can not be easily flexed when the unit is worn.Although settings are not intuitive , the instruction manual is clearly written , and the unit provides a number of useful additional functions , i.e. , clock , alarm , stopwatch , under and over heart rate alarms , and calories burned.However , my primary aim was to get a consistently accurate heart rate monitor . For that purpose , this unit has proved less than fully satisfactory .
 This will require a large mitten in colder weather.This does not appear to use electrical impulse.This will require more adapting to than you might think.When working , it is accurate .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 i bought it for a play i bought 5 the mislead you thinking the skirt comes with it and the straps arent even sewed on its just a big piece of fabric
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 i was pretty exited until i found out that the delivery guy left it on the ground its accuraye is terrible its battery last 5 min . and i just think it was a waste of my money
 i hate this so much it said it been delvered but it NEVER CAME !!!! :-LRB- refunds ? : -LRB-
 This will be a very short review . I have used Amazon for a number of years expecting fair and equitable treatment and reasonable value . Hence , I purchased this trainer via Amazon . When the unit arrived on the appointed date , the delivery people refused to assemble and set-up the unit . They could barely utter a word of english , but they had a document that indicated if tools were required they could n't do any work . Well the unit comes in a number of subasseblies and lot 's of parts , so there is no way this could be assembled without a fairly extensive toolbox . I certainly do n't have the expertiese to do it either . I will now have to find someone willing and able to assemble the device . I will not buy anything from this vendor again , and will try to avoid using Amazon in the future as well . You are foolish if you buy anything in this way because Amazon washes their hands of their resellers , even though they are making money on these transactions .
 i bought it for a play i bought 5 the mislead you thinking the skirt comes with it and the straps arent even sewed on its just a big piece of fabric
 It is impossible to tighten this product easily . You should have four hands to be able to tighten it symetricaly .
 And when I say cheap , I mean ` low quality ' . Ordered this and was surprised to find that it 's nothing more than a cheap , low-grade bicycle helmet - something you might pay $ 29 for at Wal-Mart . My old $ 49 Trek biking helmet is much better quality.What else ? - It did n't fit well.-My bike helmet has a one-handed adjustment for size ... this does n't . That small detail makes a difference if you 're wearing a cap or not in changing weather conditions.-The chin-strap buckle is small and flimsy.Pulled it out of the box , looked at it , tried it on and packed it up to send right back .
 I did n't understand . . they sent me a helmet manufactured in 2007 . The warranty is for 3 years ... Was not right . BUT , I do n't know what I can do .
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I buy Amazon Prime products quickly because I trust the service to offer really good prices . I admit I did not notice that this bottle had only 2oz in its description . I just looked at the price , which was just like the price of a standard 4oz bottle and clicked Buy . I was really surprised when this tiny bottle arrived . Mea culpa I guess . So the bottom-line is
 These shoes run so big , and the size is very confusing . I emailed to find out if I could just exchange for a smaller size , but they wo n't do that . I have to send them back , and buy another pair . No thanks .
 I 've been wearing Chucks for years now , but the pair that I purchased from shoezoo fell apart after 2 months . The sole of the shoe completely ripped off the rest of the shoe , and I 've only used these shoes for casual walking . Pretty ridiculous .
 Good looking shoes , but ... after just 1 month , the glue is failing at the edge of the shoe where the foot bends . The shoe still looks perfect , but I had to use shoe goo to fix it . Seems like for the price , and for as long as this style has been around it should n't so this ?!
 Got her fast , but shoes are to big and it will cost me more money to send them back and then receive them back . There should be a note on how to order Converse . One size smaller than your original foot size . Now I am dealing with shoes that are to big .
 I love these converses , the only problem is I used the size guide and ordered a 7 which is supposed to be a uk 5 europe 38 , however I got a massive size 40 -LRB- 7 -RRB- and they do n't fit . Also I now live in London and ca n't return them . sad times : -LRB-
 My son wore these off and on for a month when school started . Both shoes , the soles started to come off . The right one came off almost completely . Do n't know if this was just a bad pair or what but I would n't order these particular Converse shoes again .
 Nice shoe and fits great , only problem is I got the wrong color and I do n't have time to return them before I leave on vacation
 The service from American Athletics is poor . The shoes were the wrong size but they refused to refund the postage and wanted to charge postage again to resend the correct size . Wo n't be shopping there again .
 I 've never wrote a review about any product . I 'm usually satisfied . This however kind of ticked me off . The shoe had some weird stain on it when i first saw them . they were also not the right size . I ended up giving them away .
 I love the classic style but miss the quality and durability of the Converse All Stars . I had All Stars that lasted well over five years . Some pairs I even used the soles to slow down and brake while skateboarding and they still lasted a super long time . The Converse All Stars nowadays are no where near the high quality and durability of before . Grab a pair of the high quality Converse kicks from before and compare them to the quality of today . One way to tell a high quality kick from another is the pinstripe on the sole
 These shoes look great . They are very trendy and a lot of people are wearing them nowadays . The biggest problem I have with these shoes is that they hurt my feet . The soles are too flat . When I tried running in them , my heels began to hurt . Walking wise , they are n't the most comfortable to say the least . They are also heavy for what they are . Too expensive for what they are . These shoes are probably bad for your back because they do n't absorb any impact . Personally , I do n't recommend them for anyone .
 was gon na mark this one star ... the size was miss-leading , and too large for my daughter to wear . She really , really wanted these , was soooo excited when she opened them . One full size , or more , too large , maybe men 's vs. women 's ? Miss-marked ? Now what ? There they sit in her room until I can fix the problem . But ... the quality was very nice , shipped well , all that . SO , two stars .
 They picture high tops and only write in the title that it is a converse and whatever color . Only after you order and then see the shoes listed under open purchases does it finally tell you that the item you just bought is low top . I was so upset . Deceiving and conniving company . Then you have to pay for the postage to send it back . I read an earlier review from someone who had the same problem but I thought `` hey , it only happened to one person '' Well , it happened to me too . Just be super careful and read everything.I have only just opened the box , so I do n't know how good/bad the quality is yet . The sizing is right , I am a woman 's 8 , to that is a men 's 6 . It did arrive on time and the correct color and size i selected , but I REALLY REALLY wanted the high tops . The picture was of high top shoes .
 I bought this as a xmas gift for my brother . The size of the show was way to big so he went and exchange it .
 I 'm accustomed to Dansko , Sanita , and Allegria shoes , which are all very comfortable , but require a break in period . I 'm ok with that . But these never seemed to get broken in . Maybe my feet are just used to soles on my regular brands . I 'm on my feet 9 hours a day , on concrete , walking around and up and down stairs , for several miles a day , sometimes with long periods standing -LRB- I 'm an adult-education instructor -RRB- . I have heard so many great things about chucks and really wanted a different shoe I could wear from time to time , and was hoping these would be it . I wear a 10 -LRB- 40 -RRB- in women 's and the 8.5 chucks fit my foot well -LRB- thankful I read the other reviews and knew what size to order -RRB- but they just are n't the shoe for me .
 I was very disappointed when I got this sneaker . The soles were very thin and theentire sneaker was very flimsy.I returned it but had to absorb about $ 25 in shipping costs .
 Though I am very familiar with Chuck Taylor 's and their sizing , this site confused me . I ended up ordering the incorrect size and had to send them back to the company . Though the company did end up crediting my account back .
 Watch out , Converse are 2 sizes larger than the labeled size . We ended up giving them away , my son is size 11 and they fit his size 13 friend perfectly .
 The product itself was fine but because the item was the wrong size , I had to return for a credit or an exchange . It cost almost ten dollars to return the item after originally spending about six or seven dollars for shipping and handling . If I understand your policy , and you have the correct size and ship that , I will pay another six or seven dollars for shipping . That means for a purchase of about forty dollars , I have paid almost twenty four dollars extra . I would never purchase another clothing item from -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 heard converse shoes were hard to size up . wrong no biggie still like them cant afford now . oh well not ur fault
 I was so happy to get a pair of these shoes , until the second day I had them part of the seam ripped . Go figure with the poorly made stitching . I 've never had a pear of shoes last only one day . I ca n't believe I wasted my money on this . I 've had Wal-Mart shoes last longer than these . 365 times longer than these shoes . WTF
 I ordered these shoes a week and a half ago and still have not recieved them . I do n't know how much longer I am going to have to wait . Your really better off buying them at your nearest retailer of shoes and if they dont have them ask them to order them for you . This is ridiculous . If your expecting a speedy delievery under a week this product may not be for you .
 I wore these shoes to the gym -LRB- powerlifting requires flat soles -RRB- no more than 4 times a week for 3 hours at a time . After 9 months I was sliding the heal on and the seam ripped -LRB- on the opening , between the toe and heal , inside edge -RRB- . Guess I 'll skip the lo top next time .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 Maybe I got a defective item in this shuffler . Bought it as a gift for my kids . I tried it out to make sure it worked before giving it to them and unfortunately , it is now back in the box it came in because only one side of the shuffler pulls the cards in . We really wanted them to have a shuffler so we went to Wal-mart and found one similar that works perfectly . The price was so inexpensive that we did n't bother sending it back to have to pay shipping . Again , it could have been one bad apple in the bunch . Somewhat of a disappointment .
 This item did not work very long . I made a call and it was replaced but that one did not work either . Just quit with it . Wish someone could design a shuffler that would WORK ! It 's a great idea .
 Bought 2 of these with the idea of keeping one and giving the other to my mother . Neither worked well and failed soon after using . The seller was magnificent and refunded our money .
 Wish I would n't have wasted my time and money . Quit working after a few uses . This product was very cheap and a item I would n't recommend .
 I bought this tire for asphalt and cement roads , like it 's name -LSB- city ride -RSB- , but after using them for some monthsI noticed that if you have them with too much pressure the on bumps the bike can hit pretty hard and you can lose the control if you are not prepared ; better to use low pressure.But the most problematic situation is the grip . I got into an emergency brake , a car show up in front of me , the driver was distracted , then the tire was completely stopped but slipping because it has zero grip because the center part which that is smooth is too wide.I am planning to create some groove to them just to using some more time.If you want your life do n't buy this tire . I trust Continental but this was a failure . I ca n't imagine this tire in rainy conditions .
 Continental makes really good bicycle tires , and I have used them extensively , and LOVE them . However , be aware that this tire is a European size and will not fit a standard American 26 inch rim .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 When I bought this foot pump I was n't expecting much of it , given the ridiculously low price I paid -LRB- less than 10 $ -RRB- . However , it turned out to be even below my expectations
 As with one of the other reviews , this pump really is junk . The pump worked but the pressure gauge gave a limp attempt at working on the first pump , then gave up the ghost completely . I am sure 99 % of these types of foot pumps are made in the same factory in China and the companies here just put their names on it . They should be a little more particular 'cause this is the last cycle force product I will buy . Of course , it is hit or miss , so you just might be lucky and get one of rare ones that works . But for $ 11 , what can you expect ??
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 My biggest beef with this product is that it 's labeled a HFC USP model but it 's actually a UHC brand . So if you have done your research you are getting completely mislead . I called the seller to inform them that it should be corrected , but thus far no action appears to have been taken . This is the only airsoft gun they sell -LRB- so they say -RRB- so it must be voluntary inaction or apathy . It also is all black -LRB- slide + frame + weight -RRB- so why they advertise it as the `` Tomb Raider '' is a mystery . -LRB- The film featured black frames and stainless slides . -RRB- The UHC unlike the HFC has essentially no metal in it . The total weight comes to about 12 oz , less than a pound . about 6 of that is in the magazine which is not surprising for an airsoft gun , but the frame is feather light . It is also completely plastic . Not very hard thick plastic either . It 's got some flex to it if you put it under some stress . It does indeed hold about 15 BBs and they can be fed with a speedloader if you align it right . The cocking action is `` rough '' . There are some extra unnecessary clicks that you can sand down but greatly increase the risk of you inadvertantly breaking it in the process of cocking it . It jams from time to time -LRB- badly -RRB- but not every day.The good news is that the muzzle velocity of this gun can compete with other spring models . I do n't have the ability to measure it , but at least 200 fps is probable.But that said , just do n't buy this gun . If you must have a USP Match with and extended barrel and match weight , then get the actual HFC one from Airsplat or somewhere for a couple more dollars . I would say this is an all-plastic child 's toy , but with a blood inducing muzzle velocity , I 'd recommend against it .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 These goggles are a waste of money . They break real easy and water gets in to your eyes . DO NOT BUY THESE ! I REPEAT ! DO NOT BY THESE ! IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY ! DO YOU HEAR ME !
 The item was installed per instructions and contacts with tech support . The DH 25 proved to be unusable for most of the one week fishing trip that it was purchased for use on . The rope continued to tangle and run off the side of the spool -LRB- inside the housing -RRB- and become inoperable . The unit had to be taken appart at least three times . The case was damaged when a tangle pulled the spool lose internally . When discussng this yesterday , the tech suggested an alignment problem . This is not the case , since the rope guide and unit is mounted on the nose of the boat directly behind , and in alignment with the davit . I suggested that the rope was installed incorrectly to begin with , and should be completely unwound and rewound . The tech agreed with the approach . There is nothing in the instructional manual that indicates that the rope may need to be rewound before initial use -- in the meantime , the unit is unusable and the case and rope are damaged . I will make the fix , again , and write this investment off as a disappointing purchase . I own other Minn Kota products , so was surprised at the lack of quality .
 I had this anchor winch installed on my boat when I bought the boat new in 2010 . This unit has been nothing but trouble . It tends to knot itself up on the pulley and blow the breaker all the time . The boat dealer fixed it last year but wont touch it now because the warranty expired . Wow !!!!!! what a lemon .
 We have trouble with the electric anchor , The cord tends to backlash and ties itself all around the wheel . so far it has been a battle . Nothing like we expected . If I could I would return it . Great idea not such a great thing .
 The product itself turned out to be very nice ... it simply cost us almost 5 times as much as what we expected . Unfortunately you must be VERY careful on the fine print of what exactly you are buying on this product.While the picture shows a completely assembled canopy with sides , making it appear as a tent , it is actually sold as five separate pieces , which made our group absolutely panic stricken when we discovered three days before we needed it that we STILL did not have all four sides and the entrance that we though we did.The whole thing ended up costing us close to 400.00 ; something we never would have committed to had we realized what we were getting into.I am generally very good at reading fine print , and in fact , I was the one who eventually caught the fact that it came one singular piece at a time ; making me very upset at the advertising.I believe that the INDIVIDUAL PIECE you were buying should have been shown instead of the completed structure ; or at least next to it . It left a very sour test in the mouths of quite a few people.I do n't blame Amazon , this item is advertised the same way on Lowe 's online site , so it 's the maker I will not buy from again .
 Ordered this for my husbands birthday because I really liked the idea of the putt return . Received the item , and the mechanism just clicks . We followed the directions and sent a second ball down and tried rearranging it , but still did n't work . Called customer service to try to get an exchange , but of six phone calls -LRB- and leaving messages -RRB- was only able to reach one person who said they 'd get back to me within the hour ... it 's now been 3 days and I still ca n't get a hold of anyone . I will now return this and not get an exchange just in case something happens with the next one ... that is if I can get a hold of someone !
 If I had opened the box before I gave the Club Champ Putt 'n Return Putting Mat as a gift , I would have returned it . Disappointed in the quality and durabiity . Would not recommend .
 A complete waste of money . We bought our 6 year old son a set of golf clubs for Christmas and thought this would make a great , inexpensive addition to help build his putting skills during the winter . The only good part about this putting mat is the electric ball return . Outside of that , it is cheaply made ! The glue holding the putting mat to the plastic base was already coming apart the moment we took it out of the box . The putting mat was folded around the plastic base -LRB- so it could fit in the box -RRB- and therefore it is 9 ' of bumps making it nearly impossible to putt . We are trying to remedy this issue by taping one end of the mat to the floor and then stretching the other end to remove the bumps and then taping that end to the floor . It has helped a little bit . Finally , they include a small piece of plastic to help ` bridge ' the gap between the floor and where the plastic base begins . It does n't really work well because the plastic is way too thin . We are extremely disappointed . Do yourself a favor and buy something else .
 Upon the second time playing with this putting green , it made a terrible sound and then smoke came out from under the cup . not a recommend buy .
 I bought this product not knowing what works well on VERY heavy oxidized hull on my boat . This product is n't even so so , it FLAT out sucks . I am no PRO at restoring the hull finish , but even with a 10 '' buffer/waxer is still failed to bring to nice shine even using four different bonnets ranging from application to high buff . I hope this helps someone out there . It did n't help me . What a waste of time and money .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 I purchased one of these shirts from Sport Check and paid $ 30 for it . It was comfortable and I had no problems with it until 1 day I noticed some white flakes on the front of it . When I tried to wipe them off I saw that it was the material that was flaking off in a perfect circle . The more I brushed the bigger the hole grew . Now you can see through the center of my shirt like some nylon stockings , which looks pretty girly . For a $ 30 shirt I sure expected to get a lot more wear out of it .
 This is the first thing I 've ever gotten from under armour . Everyone on my football team has good luck with their products but mine seems to be defective . After one wash the logo starts cracking and the second time worn the logo starts peeling ... wishing for a refund , bad luck I guess .
 Great fabric and tight fit . Problem is that if you are over 6ft tall , then all Under Armour products will be too short in the torso . This company does not listen to the customer .
 This is the first time I 've had anything negative to say about Under Armour , and my complain is not really about the product , but the company , as the 2 shirts I ordered was to be short sleeved , and they arrived as sleeveless , It was a birthday gift to my grandson , and he assured me it was OK . I went along with him , but when I received this letter asking if I would rate the transaction , I had to tell you.I will think twice before I order again , this was a plain and simple order , and you messed it up.If I had had time I would have returned them for the right kind , but they were delivered on the birthday so I gave the package to him as it arrived , ibg1105
 thought the product worked great ... only problem had was first time was too small ... second was that not happy with cost to ship ... way overpriced
 I did not expect this top to be skin tight . The other Armour exercise shirt I have is a comfortable fit . It is partly my own fault because I did not realize the significance of &#34; compression &#34; fit .
 Nice shirt but runs really small . I understand they are to be worn tight , but my 14 year old could n't get it over his head . Have to return it .
 The picture and description is of a shirt , what was sent was a sleeveless tank-top , open at the arm pits . Do n't order this if you expect a shirt or plan to use it for submission grappling .
 Great shirt in most respects , but way too small . I bought the Adult Small for my 12-year-old son , who is 5 ft even , 115 lbs , and it is so skin-tight he could barely breathe in it . I 'm exchanging it for the non-compression version .
 I purchased an Under Armour compression tee at a local store in a size Large . The shirt fit fantastic . I wanted a back up so I purchased this one online size Large , different color . The shirt arrives on time , open the package and it is a Large but does not even fit over my shoulders ... . I contacted the vendor for an exchange . They do not do exchanges but will allow me to return the shirt . If the shirt was worn it has to be washed before returning it ... no problem for I could not get the shirt on anyway so tags etc were all in place . If you pass 30 days , there is a restocking fee of 20 % which I was unaware of.When I questioned the vendor why I have a Large and ordered the same size it did not fit . The vendor stated that Under Armour has different sizing charts for different shirts . That just did not make sense . How are you to buy a product with `` floating '' sizes.So , I went online to Nordstrum to find the same exact heat guard compression tee . There was a size chart that could be pulled up to check size before ordering ... . only 1 chart for Under Armour . I did all the measurements correctly to find that I was to order a Large.I know the shirt fits tight but since I already HAD a large that fits , and the chart from Under Armor at Nordstrum confirmed that I had ordered the correct shirt size , the statement that there are different size charts for different Under Armour shirts '' just does n't fit ! '' . I personally will visit a store and actually try it on to avoid the hassle and disappointment of waiting for a product that does not fit , seemingly was ordered correctly , and then had to be mailed back .
 I wanted to like these pants so bad . I 'm 5 ' 8 '' 135 Lbs and they were too short for me . I guess I 'm a little anal when it comes to my pants being long enough , but regardless , they were way too thin . I have a pair of Adidas and prefer their dry-fit fabric over these . These are for sure a summer pant .
 If you think you need this bit , you need to learn how to train and ride a horse better . There is never a need for such severity .
 I do n't know who generated the previous reviews but , if and when it shoots , you got a 50/50 chance of hitting your target . On one shot , two BB 's came out ? They were anything but accurate.Be aware the BB 's tend to bounce so wear eye protection . This gun , IMHO , ai n't that great . Look elsewhere .
 My marketplace canopy was left up overnight on pavement at a craft fair . Every experienced participant told me my weights were not enough to hold my tent in place if it was windy . The weights were only enough to hold the sides of the canopy on the ground . Do not purchase these weights expecting to hold the tent in place . You would need so many sets that it would be extremely costly . Instead make your own weights with sand , cinder blocks , or cement . Much more cost efficient .
 I chose this item since a reviewer liked it very much . However , I am very disappointed after receiving . The bag is much thinner than others and I am afraid it ca n't protect books or items well . I suggest the manufacturers changes its name from `` ultra pro '' to `` ultra unpro '' ! Do not waste your money !
 I bought this model last month ; was excited about the `` triple sensor '' features . It is a let down ! It 's basically good for just telling time.The compass settings were off ; had to be recalibrated manually.The barometer readings do n't help much in predicting the weather ... The manual go back and forth on its usefulness.The altimeter readings are useless ; they have to be recalibrated every time you change altitudes significantly.The thermometer is accurate -- but only if are n't wearing the watch for 30 minutes!The countdown timer goes up only to 60 minutes.The backlight does n't have the `` stay on '' feature that Timex indiglo watches have . So , when you are trying to make settings to the watch in the dark , you are constantly interrupted by the fact the the light goes off after 2.5 seconds . Timex watches are smart enough to keep the light on if you are pressing other buttons .
 The design is great-convenient . But it 's in no way weather resistant . It will quickly begin to show signs of rust . After 3 years on my car -LRB- I leave it on as I bike year-round -RRB- it 's totally rusted out .
 The 2.0 '' Receiver Stabilization Assy ' is cheap and does not keep the rack and or the bikes stable .
 My 9-year old grandson is really into outdoor adventuring , so I looked long and hard to select some gear for him for Christmas . I was a bit disppointed by the general look of the kit , but the actual gear looked okay . BUT -- the strap that holds the kit onto a belt broke the very first time he tried to put it on ! He was so disappointed to not be able to use his new gift right away . I took the case home and re-sewed the strap -- but was not at all happy to have to do so ! Since then he 's taken his kit with him to his outdoor club and enjoyed using it .
 They are n't what I expected . Looks they are made kinda cheesy.Expected a little better quality . Would not recommend to buy .
 The binoculars didnt work for myself well or the kids . Optics in the lower price range rarely do . The flashlight sucks . The whistle is cheap compared to the orange safety ones you can find in camping supply stores for a few bucks . The compass comes with no instruction valuable to preteen age kids . I can not find anything nice to say about this kit . Buy your kid something else . Maybe one nice item , with a book on how to use it .
 Poor quality product . Great idea - my daughter was super-excited to get this one , but flash light broke right away , binoculars are not strong at all , thermometer on the whistle does not reflect outside temp-re properly . Very disappointing purchase .
 Bought these as they looked good and the one previous review was positive . I bought two sets for my sons -LRB- ages 9 and 11 -RRB- , primarily because I wanted binoculars , everything else was bonus . At twenty bucks my expectations were n't very high but I did hope for something functional and useful for their age group . The compass and flashlight are a bit cheap but OK , hence the single-star rating . The binoculars are a complete waste of time for kids of this age ! The items is rated by the manufacturer for ages 7 + . I think that a more reasonable age rating for the binoculars would be up to seven . The level of magnification was almost imperceptible . If you want toy binoculars for your little kids then these are the ones but do n't think your older kids are going to have a great time hunting or bird watching with them because they are n't . This was my first Amazon purchase and I will be much more careful in future and will only by if I know exactly what I am getting . Extremely disappointing!Carson Adventure Pak Containing 5x30 Binocular , Lensatic Compass , Flashlight , & Whistle/ThermometerCarson Hawk Kid 's Binoculars
 Garmin GPS coverDo n't make my error and assume this cover will fit the popular Nuvi series-there are none .
 i ordered it three times and got the wrong one each times so i got tired of writing to them Ron
 Very disappointed with this item ! First , when the knife arrived it obviously had been a return from someone else because the plastic was sliced open and the knife had been removed before . But , my son really wanted this for Christmas , so I kept it because I had not been able to find another one anywhere else . It was a Christmas present , and the leather sheath broke on Christmas Day after wearing it only about 5 hours ! However , my son was very happy with the knife , so now we are trying to find another sheath for it .
 Just as the title says . This mount did not seat properly or at all on my BCM milspec carry handle . i think these are hit or miss .
 This product was awful . It was so loud my pregnant neighbor thought the boiler in our building was going to blow up . It almost scared her into labor ! I could n't use it !
 Nice looking knife . However , the `` other products by Gerber '' in its title is misleading . This knife is not made by Gerber . Also , it is made in China.Update
 A major problem with this rack is that it wo n't fit skis wider than 3 '' -LRB- 89 mm -RRB- at the mounting point . As the bindings must be placed between the racks , this means that the width of the skis in front of the front binding and behind the rear binding must be less than that size . In my experience , that eliminates of modern alpine or tele skis.XC skis would work fine , as would -LRB- 1 -RRB- snowboard.Other than this major concern , the magnets seem to hold securely & rack is of good construction . I do have concerns on the longevity of the plastic , especially in cold weather - it does not appear to be fiber-reinforced .
 This product appears to be well designed . However , when you get it you find that there are numerous -LRB- 21 to be exact -RRB- warnings and cautions not mentioned online . Some are obvious but others severely limit its use . Max speed -LRB- 55 mph on the box , 65 mph in the instructions -RRB- and can not be used with sun roof are two biggies . I returned the item without trying it because of all the limitations
 I only received the net , not the screen . The seller said that Amazon made a mistake and that the listing was only for the replacement net . I returned it because I needed the entire screen . Customer service was fair at best . Shipping was slow because it was drop-shipped from Jugs .
 I was a rookie golfer when I bought these golf balls , was under an assumption that I was getting 90 golf balls.I felt like they were just ordinary ones , nothing special to mention about it .
 I bought these for myself and my son for Aikido weapons training . They are not very well made and appear to have been factory seconds . To clarify there are cracks in both to point that they might easily break and splinter . One is practically straight with no curve . The handles are nicely wrapped but the wrapping tends to come off with use . There is also removable plastic guard or tsuba , which is not very functional and more decorative . You get what you pay for and these are not high quality , hence the expensive price . I will eventually buy something better .
 These looked nice when I took them out of the box however upon further inspection , these are not well made at all . The wood is already splitting on one of the swords and we have n't even used them yet . I seriously want to return these and get theCold Steel Bokken Polypropylene HandleSwords instead .
 These broke pretty soon after my son received them as a gift . He is n't rough on them , but they are practice swords ... did n't hold up .
 These were the worst to train with . . I had trained with them on the first day I recieved them . . THEY BROKE !!!
 I got these as a gift for a friend , so that we may have some fun sparring . However , one sword came with a large crease in the wood that proved to break open after only a couple hours of use . They also had a strange , chemical-y smell to them for quite a while.They can still be good display pieces , but I would recommend getting synthetic swords if you plan on seriously using them ; the extra cost is worth their durability .
 I recieved these boken and one was cracked . The wrapps came off the first day I used them at the dojo . I would not order these again very unhappy with this product .
 The good news is that , except for the mold , the Ironman Tri-Fold Premium Exercise Mat met my quality expectations -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . Further good news is that the shipping met my expectations -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . What I did not expect is for it to be delivered with mold or algae -LRB- it 's green when I wipe it off -RRB- particularly on the parts of the mat that were not enclosed by the cardboard package . This made the experience a 1 star experience because I have had to spend a good deal of time cleaning it . I am a little uncertain about the safety of mat , even if it appears that I have cleaned the mold off . The idea of having to return this gift is appalling .
 These rollers broke on the first ride . The rear roller would continue to slip against the frame after the initial break . I 'm 170 lbs cyclist and did not these hard . I could not recommend them .
 The dimensions indicate 1/4 inch which would be fine except it is apparently the FOLDED dimension . Give me a break !
 Works as advertised it has three lift stations on it to accommodate any size of bike . Though if has no foam edging for the floor -LRB- hardwood -RRB- so it likes to slide a little when peddling fast or standing while pedaling . Is also a little bulky think I could have found something a little smaller
 I recently purchased an indoor trainer , and decided to purchase this accessory . I thought that it would have a space in it so the front wheel is level with the rear wheel . However , it is designed so that whichever space the front wheel is in , it is always above the rear wheel . I was unaware that this block did not have a space in it to keep the front wheel at a level position . The trainer provides plenty of resistance , so I do n't always want to feel like I 'm climbing . I think someone needs to re-think this design .
 Can you make a cheaper case that these chips come in ? The case weighs about 1 oz and is ready to fall apart . The fake felt they use disintegrates at touch leaving the chips dirty -- covered in some sort of micro-fiber recycled paper dirt . The chips themselves are OK , without a reliable way to transport them this poker set is n't worth much . Of course its made in China and you get what you pay for .
 The chips do their job , but they do n't exactly look high-quality . Somehow , despite arriving in sealed packages , the chips seemed to be dusty/dirty . The lining in the case that holds the chips is some kind of cheap fuzzy plastic . When mine arrived , one of the plastic slots for the poker chips was all crumpled up and the chips were just sitting in the space between the plastic and the wooden interior of the case . As for the cards , they somehow managed to find the absolute worst decks of cards that I 've ever seen . I did n't think that they even made cards that bad . If you do buy this poker set , do yourself a favor and buy some real cards along with it .
 i highly suggest that you buy poker chips in store so you can easily touch the chip and examine the quality . poker chips are all about the feel in your hand . you ca n't determine that from a picture from the internet , they all look similar but can feel lousy once you pick one up . also , it 's easier to return to a store than internet . these chip sets are heavy & expensive to ship.please note ; heavier poker chips feel better . 11.5 g is the minimum weight to buy . although , i suggest you get 13.5 g or 14g chips . good luck on your game !
 Purchased the set for a family member as a Christmas gift . He seemed impressed with the chips but the inside of the case was completely destroyed . The weight of the chips are too much for the very cheaply made insert that goes inside the case . I would look else where and save yourself the hassle .
 I got these in hopes of using them with a generic dice style set that I purchased about 5 years ago . These are no where near the quality of my others . Nearly every single chip has a flaw . The colors are dull . The white chips look like they have dirt in them and are yellowed . The stamped dice imprints are not aligned . Many of the chips have sharp edges and do not stack evenly , some have flattened sides . Some chips have a rough texture and the color is all splotchy . It looks like monkeys made these . The factory making these has absolutely no quality control . If you take poker even slightly seriously , avoid . I would not take these for free , let alone play with them .
 i 'm not happy what i have order from here . Literally chip are color out ... seem like they been used . Dice are yellow even they are said to be '' new '' . i had open the chips and feel there weight and they do n't feel like 11.5 feel like they put a metal in between and let it be . Terrible ... cards cheap plastic card . I will never by product from them again . Description is different then what i receive that all i got to say i got the picture to show it . false advertisement given out cheap piece of crap ... look GROSSS
 I should have listened to the other reviews but thought I would get lucky . Unfortunately I did not ... my case was cracked when I took it out of the box . The packaging looked good so I do not understand why it was broken other than maybe it was not taken care of during shipment . In any case -LRB- not a pun -RRB- , the quality of the case is very cheap and since it was broken it revealed being made of cardboard covered with metal paper . It is obvious that the case would not have lasted that long if it was used at all . Also there is only one handle so the weight of the chips alone would start cracking the entire case.Fortunately nothing inside was damaged from what I case see , though it is obvious the quality inside the case was just as bad . I will be returning the case and chip set , hopefully not having the same bad luck with my next purchase as the ones I bought .
 I ordered a set for a gift . While the chips were fine , the inside of the case was awful . The insert that holds the chips is flimsy and is too small for the case . The insert was cracked in several places , and glued support strips inside the case were exposed and sticky . Amazon was easy about the return . I spoke with a rep and ordered a replacement set on the condition that the set be examined before shipping . I was reassured this would happen . The replacement set arrived and was so bad that the first set looked good by comparison ! Again , Amazon was easy about the return but never once offered any suggestion as to what I might buy instead , and offered no ` free shipping ' as I had had on my original orders . I think there should be better quality control and I think Amazon should make an effort to `` make-good '' when a good order goes bad .
 Ordered this as a gift for my brother . Upon arrival , he opened it to find the insert was completely pulled away from the case in several places . I was watching on skype as he showed me the several locations where the linig was n't attached as it should be . He will be returning this item and I 'm very upset that he ended up with such a cheaply made gift for his birthday .
 The quality of the case is poor . It does not close well . And there seems to be poor structural integrity of the case . Some of the chips are dirty or damaged somehow ?
 I bought this product hoping for a nice poker chip set.It came a week late -LRB- i have prime , so this was very sad ... -RRB- Not only was it late but the carrying case cameBROKEN at EVERY END.The chips are very nice and high quality , so if you do n't care about the case , buy it anyways.I simply had to return it because I needed a way to hold and store my chips.Case-0 / 5 starsChips-5 / 5 stars
 I bought this for my brother for his birthday but I had to return it because I was to embarrassed to give it to him . The dice have rounded edges so you ca n't use them for gambling . The cards are very cheap so you would also swap those out for your own . Basically you buy this just for the travel case and the chips . Well , the case I received was rusted . yes , a brand new case , out of the box , had rust on the handle and the closure buckles . I returned it .
 Too bad - the case is not aluminum as described . It is actually plastic over Masonite with an aluminum handle , corners and closures . The case started to come apart at the corners right away as it 's simply not sturdy enough for the weight of the chips . Otherwise it was a nice set . Sorry to return it . : -LRB-
 Received the alluminum case that was broken in the corners . At the first look thought it was damaged in shipping . But when I looked for the missing / broken pieces , I could not find them in the shipping box . Then I realised that they packed a broken poker set . Ridiculuos ... . how can they sell a crappy product . Utterly disappointed !!
 I purchased this for my step-daughter who is a poker novice . I thought she would like to have her own poker set to play and practice . One week after receiving it , she informed me that the set already began falling apart . The hinge came off and it 's literally falling apart on her.This was embarrassing because it was a gift from me . Now I must redeem myself and purchase a better set . Do not buy this piece of junk .
 I was very disappointed with the set . It looked like low quality items were selected for the set . The dice looked cheap and were dislodged from the fitting when I opened it . I was unable to fit them back altogether in their slot . It was as if the dice went to another set . I will be looking for a nicer set now .
 The chips are OK -LRB- would like a few more white -RRB- . The case is terrible and came apart within a week.Would not purchase again .
 Ordered this for my husband who had a dirtbag footbag and loved it . This came filled with beads , not sand ! Mis-labeled ! So disappointed I did not get what we were expecting ! And it was for Christmas .
 I actually ordered two dirtbags and within a week , they were both leaking dirt . So I went and ordered beed hacky sacks and now I 'm happy . Did not like the dirtbags at all .
 I bought this as a present for my brother and it turned out to be a great disappointment . The footbag is smaller than a golf ball and there is barely any sand in it .
 Nothing fundamentally wrong with it , but the manufacturer 's original box had been opened before and rather clumsily taped back together , and the `` aluminum '' case is covered in small scratches and dents . I do n't have the time to return the set for replacement since it was bought as a gift for an upcoming occasion . Disappointing .
 Even for the price , this Winchester knife is not capable of meeting the demands of a true outdoorsman . The knife comes dull out of the box , and its chopping performance leaves much to be desired . Even for basic woodworking , I had a very difficult time with this knife . In fact , after some low intensity use , the stainless steel blade sustained chips along the leading edge . On the other hand , this knife works great for soft materials such as fruit , and meat.The knife feels comfortable enough in hand , but provides no shock mediation , and is extremely handle heavy . The smooth handle surface provides little traction , and I would dare not to use this knife with wet hands.However , the nylon sheath provides some redeeming qualities . It seems to be well made , and the stitching is on par . The snap closure works nicely , but the belt loop lacks any type of tactical disconnect . The plastic molded insert is definitely a nice touch.Overall this Winchester knife is n't bad , but I would consider spending my money on something a bit higher in quality . Fortunately , it was given to me as a gift . I give this Winchester knife two stars out of five .
 For what it is , hit sleeping pad is ridiculously bulky.For car camping , I think this product is decent , though if I have the option of car camping , I think a portable cot + heat reflector -LRB- e.g. mylar blanket -RRB- is better for comfort and warmth . For backpacking , it 's just way too cumbersome . I may decide to cut it as the biggest pains in sleeping in a tent is uneven ground or roots/rocks the jut up around my back and butt . My head will have the pack as a pillow and my legs are n't as easily affected , so maybe a shortened pad is all I need . But as is , this pad is not gon na cut it .
 We have five SoSpenders inflatable PFDs model number 38APRO and ordered five rearming kits # 0944 which state on the package that they fit the SoSpenders 38APRO PFD . The water sensitive bobbin in the kits does not fit the PFD and when we attempted to return the kits in the original packages to Amazon they would not accept them saying that they can not accept shipping of items that have gas in them . It is strange that they can ship to us items that have gas in it but we can not ship the same product in the original unopened package back to them . Now we are stuck with $ 120.00 worth of rearm kits that are of no use to us . Our recomendation is DO NOT USE AMAZON as they are a company that does not admit it has a miss labled or improperly packaged product .
 This item ordered from Amazon is advertised as -LRB- Adult Universal -RRB- rearm kit , but the CO2 cylinder thread does not fit my SoSpenders PFD and the cylinder ca n't be returned!!!!!*@#$
 After reading several reviews , I ordered these , but they never arrived and I was reimbursed the purchase price , so I went to a local sporting goods store and compared these to theNikon 10x42 Monarch . After comparing the two , even though the Monarch 's were more money . The Monarch 10x42 is a lot better quality Binocular . And I have been very happy with them .
 The right eye piece was falling off of my binoculars when it arrived . Careful inspection shows that this was only weakly attached ever and it looks like glue or whatever was supposed to hold it on melted during shipment . It is 110 degrees here but binoculars should hold up to that . I agree with the other reviewers that comment on the lack of quality in the manufacturing of this product . I think I will go with Leupold or some other brand . With binoculars I think you really do get what you pay for and these were too good of a deal .
 Simple . It was an open-and-shut case . I got it out , tried it for a few seconds . Its chromatic aberration made my head spin . I shoved it back immediately and sent it back.By the way , there are too many pockets that may retain water . I would n't call this water-resistant , let alone waterproof.This thing sure made it easy for me to decide.I ordered a 10 x 20 Zeiss Conquest . Obviously , the two belong to two different categories , but the image quality of the Zeiss makes this Nikon 's lack of image quality look like a 25 toy from the vending machine .
 I purchased these binoculars from Amazon based on the Nikon name and customer reviews . I suppose my expectations were too high . The optics were respectable , with well lit imagery . The disappointing part was the made in China construction , they felt cheep . They were bulky and heavy and the focus adjuster felt crappy . I returned them , and purchased the Bushnell Legends , they are constructed in China as well , but they are very nice for the money . The glasses feel great and work exceptionally well , plus they come with a great case and extra goodies . The truly amazing part is you can get such incredible binoculars these days for such a little amount of money , does n't seem realistic . No candy coating , just callin it as I see it .
 Can you give less than one star?After ordering the hat , I got an email from Star Struck stating that they were `` sold out '' and made an error.They continued , `` If you find it in your heart to forgive this blunder and allow us another chance to delight you , we would like to extend the coupon below in appreciation of your loyalty and trust ... `` The funny thing is that the coupon code they gave me for a whopping 10 % off EXPIRED 2 months ago . Also , the hat I ordered was $ 17 and the minimum price to use the coupon code was $ 25 . Yeah , they `` delighted me . ''
 I had high hopes for this one after reading the reviews . It arrived fast and looked very sturdy and good quality . However , the locking mechanism is as worthless as I have ever seen . No matter how hard you tighten it , it still slides open when you apply any kind of serious `` pulling pressure , '' like pulling the back of your boat against a dock . Not just a little movement , but all the way out until it catches on the plastic insert holding the sections together . It is the most frustrating boat hook I have ever used . I believe the problem with the design is the ribs . While the ribs make it sturdy , they also prevent a tight-sealing lock when you twist it . I think the other positive reviews reflect those who use it lightly and may not need it to lock so securely .
 I recently purchased a 300 lb . Olypic set from a local retailer -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- . Several of the plates would not fit the barbell due to excessive cast material . I contacted CAP and sent pictures . After an initial e-mail acknowledging that I had lodged a complaint I have heard nothing further and in the mean time I have several plates I ca n't use unless I grind the excess myself . My set has a baked on enamel finish and this would require removing the paint . Next time I 'll buy YORK .
 i am a saggy old man in tights ... i am about 95 years old and still wrestling . . if you call it wrestling ... i was in my prime back in 1970 , now i just come out to the ring and enjoy the spotlight with batista ... dave batista that is ... the most dominating man in all of sports entertainment ... batista should really be in the picture also becuase they are tag team partners . . and batista does all the work and ric flairs does jack `` im the jet flying , saggy backin , boat drivin , not high flyin ... wooooo old man ... great picture to have up in a manly room like the basement ... i personally use my flair picture to toss darts at ... the bullzeye is if you hit that fat cow numbered number 55 in the background ...
 Been on order since Oct. . Received wrong item first . Knife Country says that they sent a second &#34; package &#34; . Have n't received it yet . Will send them back the wrong items when I return from overseas .
 This is much smaller than expected . you get what you pay for , and is equivalent of a key chain tool .
 I got this tool for free with another -LRB- Gerber -RRB- multi-tool . I would not buy this tool for much money.If you want a folding pair of small needle-nose pliers , this is a pretty good choice . The motion is smooth , the machining is fairly precise , and the spring-loaded action is really handy . The pliers are indeed small ; they are suitable for items no more than 1/4 inch -LRB- 8mm -RRB- wide . The handles are an adequate 2.5 inches long , and while they are not quite level with one another , it 's no big deal . Pliers feel quite strong , with minimal flexing.The large straight screwdriver is poorly made , with a rounded-off instead of perfectly straight shape . The can and bottle openers are abnormally shallow . The serrated blade is very thick but not very sharp . The straight blade is tiny and not sharp . The cross-head screwdriver is tiny , like a sub - # 1 Philips but more vaguely shaped . The nail file looks and feels like a student project . In short , none of the fold-out tools is of a quality to match the pliers and handles -- they say `` made by the lowest bidder in China '' . The wood accents on the handles are attractive and feel good , but they do make the handles surpringly thick -- about 18mm at the thickest point.For the pliers and appearance , I would give 4 stars . For the other built-in tools , I would give 1 star -LRB- a failing grade -RRB- .
 I am going to give this one 1 star , a first for me . I have no problem with the Teflon . I think it 's a great product and have ordered before . The problem is with the insane manner in which the vendor packed it . I ordered two bottles hoping to save some on shipping and was charged $ 8.98 plus $ 7.00 shipping by the vendor . No problem at this point . Two 4 oz bottles do not take up much room , I can hold both in one hand . Instead of using a reasonable shipping box it was packed in a large box . I did n't carry a tape to the pickup station and was going to estimate the dimensions but to say that I would have been hard pressed to put my arms around the box is close enough . It was so large I left the box at the pickup station as it was too much to carry on the bus and dropped the two bottles in my back pack . The the box was filled with enough packing paper to choke an elephant . I had about decided it was an empty box when I found the Teflon . By the time it arrived at the original shipping destination I had been called away and the people there forwarded the box . This is SOP and one bottle forwarding in the past was about $ 8 . I figured the two bottles should be the same , certainly no more than an additional $ 10 . It never occurred to me the vendor would loose their sanity . It was a large box and cost an additional $ 56.09 shipping bringing the total to sickening $ 72.07 for 8 oz of Teflon . I will be the first to admit Teflon is great stuff , but not that great . That box and all of the packing material cost the vendor more than necessary in overhead . It also cost them one customer . I will make other arrangements in the future .
 We got these off our wedding registry and were really excited because they look and feel nice and zip together to create a 2 person bag if you like . Our first camping trip , though , the area by the feet came unzipped in the middle of the night and the zippers have continuously snagged and caught while zipping or unzipping the sides . We 'll be looking into returning them . Too bad , otherwise they would have been great for casual camping !
 I was disappointed in this product . It 's really big and hangs off of me , there 's no way to fasten it tighter or synch it - The only way for me to wear it is for me to strap myself in using sail-ties from my boat or other ropes ... it looks -LRB- and feels -RRB- ridiculous -RRB- If you are on the fence , please take this into account - you might be better off spending the money for something more sophisticated than a cut-out piece of burlap with pockets and no fastners ...
 I 'm 6 ' , 155lbs . Bought this in hopes of increasing my vertical for volleyball . Rough edges left marks near my neck and elbows . Could not adjust the velcro straps to comfortably fit my body , had to buy own velcro to make it fit , and even then it was loose . I would n't suggest buying it .
 This is a shapeless sack with pockets . Absolutely no thought has gone into design . When you are carrying 40 lbs on you , distribution of weight becomes critical , else you are likely to end up with a major case of backache . Having used the vest a few times and each time spending the following day in bed , I can vouch that the manufacturer has spent no effort in designing the product . I have an Altius -LRB- 20 lbs -RRB- . What a wonderful vest !
 When the vest arrived it was supposed to have 20 - 2 pound weights -LRB- bags of sand -RRB- and it arrived with only 19 . I tried to contact the vendor to get the weight that I paid for , but I was unsuccessful . If you do n't mind sewing a little bag and filling it with sand , then order this vest .
 I am very unsatisfied with this vest . It has torn on the sides multiple times and I have already had to alter it . It hangs down to much and pushes down on your pants . It is to bulky and ca n't be covered with a shirt . It desperately need strenghtened . I would never buy another one .
 Pure junk . Poor fit and poor adjustment . Both belts are entirely too long except perhaps for an exceptionally obese person . Stiff canvas and poor fit make this vest unacceptable for almost any activity ... even walking .
 I purchased the vest and returned it within 24 hours . It is not for woman . It has no cut out in the back for your neck . It rubs and it is made of VERY stiff and rough material . You ca n't walk in comfort in the vest .
 I bought a pair last year , which was early style -LRB- made in Italy -RRB- , it was awsome ! some how I broke the frame . So I ordered this one from UVEX sport , they described it as made in Italy , but actually made in China . The quality was awful ! It slips and the lense had some optical problem . I was forced to returned it after one day . so I glued my old one back and use it as it , and It still works GREAT ! All I can say is `` OVER PRICE KNOCK OFF , ''
 I bought the Legacy 225 crossbow and scope package , which also included a quiver , 3 Horton bolts , and a cocking rope . The crossbow itself seems to be well-made , and is powerful . My problem was with the bolts , and Horton 's customer service . After firing the bolts into my block target , the inserts and field points came out of the bolts , and were left inside the target when I went to pull them out . I contacted Horton 's customer service department . Horton would not answer e-mail or replace the bolts . Customer service is important to me -- if Horton is unwilling to resolve an issue this minor , I 'm not waiting to see how they handle a more serious one . I have sold my Horton , and am going buy an Excalibur .
 This is def not a great or a well made item . It is about the thickness of two one time use panchos but much larger . It will do in a pinch . Even at only $ 10.00 I was surprised that is was so thin ; you can actually see right thru it . It is light weight and if the weather is n't bad / not too hot nor too cold it would do . It does n't have any sides so you could cut some large trash bags to cover the sides to keep rain out if need be . Just do n't forget to pack some duck tape with it.Honestly ; I 'd rather rely on a poncho or tarp it would offer much better protection and is so much studier . Not bad for dire emergency but I would spend an extra $ 5 or $ 7 and get a good tarp I think you 'll be much better protected.I do n't recommend the product .
 At first it looked strong enough that I bought it as a tent for my B.O.B. , but when I got it -LRB- and looked it up on youtube -RRB- , it seems REALLY thin and weak.It 's certainly better than nothing , and would probably hold up to rain and super light wind , but I 'm only keeping it as a back up -LRB- the saying goes , if you have one you have none ; and if you have 2 you have 1 -RRB- I 'll give it this , it 's very small and fits nicely in my bug out bag , and if for some reason I 'm with or encounter someone , while camping or whatever , who needs a tent I can easily give them this and not really bat an eye.I ended up dishing out 25 dollars and getting an actual tent -LRB- on sale at big 5 -RRB- , that could go with my Bug Out Bag.As a last resort , backup , it 's not a horrible tent , it 's small / light enough that you 'd actually take it with you for that purpose . But as a primary tent or anything that you actually expect that you would sleep in , I really ca n't say that it 's a good tent.lesson learned , splurge and spend a little money to get a real tent or even a good tarp that 's long/wide enough to suit this purpose . Even a cheap tarp of the right size would be better than this tent actually.NOTE
 I bought this package and when i installed them the registeration codes worked but when i tried to register the games for online play the told me it is already registered for someone else !!!!!????? I shocked and up to now EA didnt reply to me or solve my problem so simply i lost my moeny on this useless game packageDONT TRY IT OR BUY IT
 Bought this product to then ship down to the Cayman Islands , so was very disappointed to note that when it arrived it was missing several parts needed to put it together.Simply not worth the money to ship it back to the USA to return it , so basically what I have now is a pile of scrap metal .
 I was totally disapointed in this product . The retailer was n't at fault.The problem is with the way the product is made . When round tubes are meant to fit into other round tubes-the tubes must be round ! I have tubes that are flat on one side and tubes with small notches inside that prevent the insertion of the second tube . This product was impossible to assemble due to poor manufacturing .
 My son was throwing the ball at a wall on our house - and the the whole house was shaking ! So my wife decided for the safety of house to get him this net . We were gone when the package came , but he went right to work putting it together . He used a lot of masking tape and had a few pieces left over , and also could n't figure out how to get the net put on correctly . I tried to straighten in out - but then my wife ended up taking the whole thing apart and put it together correctly the next day . It looks nice , but really is a little bit light weight for a twelve year old . It might be a useful toy for T-Ball . I do n't think my son is using it that much . But what can you expect for this price ?
 I purchased this DVD upon advise from my physician that Yoga could help with chronic back pain . The title read `` Yoga DVD for Beginners , seniors ... '' and that coupled with the price made it an attractive product for me . I must say that after I loaded it and began the routine , I quickly found that this was not for a beginner ! The instructor does not start by first giving an overview of the upcoming routine - this made it very difficult to follow , especially when you are in an inverted position and must look up at the screen to determine the next move/position . I wrote this review as a precautionary statement to others looking for a beginners series - keep looking ! I 'm sure a seasoned Yoga student will find this workout beneficial & refreshing !
 This DVD is most definitely NOT for seniors , people with arthritis and sciatica or beginners . I tried to keep up with the instructor on this DVD , and a month later I am still having severe back pain . I 've been to 2 Urgent care clinics and now I have to follow up with my primary care doctor . I 'm sure I 'll have to have an MRI and may be referred to a back specialist . I have never been in so much pain in my life !
 i am not a yoga master but i 've gone to enough classes to understand the basic techniques . i would not call this a beginners dvd . they go through some pretty tough poses ! also i did n't really like that it moved through each pose only once . i prefer to go through sequences of poses at least a couple of times . and each pose is n't held that long either . if people are looking for affordable yoga videos i would recommend myyogaonline . you can download videos for a reasonable price or become a monthly member for only $ 10 a month and stream as many dvd 's as you like . they have a ton of videos with different instructors , different venues , different types of yoga , etc. overall if i had my choice i would buy a different dvd for a beginning level
 This shirt runs large . The color is not the same as what is depicted in the image here -LRB- look beige in the picture , but has a greenish cast in reality -RRB- , otherwise the quality is alright.Also , having been spoiled by Amazon and Costco , more than a week -LRB- 9 days -RRB- , for an item to arrive seems a long wait .
 The business that shipped the product did a good job . The product itself is not at all worth the cost . It does n't look as good in person as it does online . It is very poor quality even by made in Taiwan standards . I 've seen the same type item in Best Buy and it is significantly better made and all said and done costs about $ 3 more than this one when you include shipping . I wish I would have spent 3 more dollars .
 In a word , this product
 I bought the arm band but they sent me the waist band and I ca n't get a response from them .
 I have been practicing Yoga for many years . One gal that practices with me loves this mat . Because I needed a new one I inquired and bought one . IT WAS A HUGE MISTAKE ... $ 75 !!! Doing a headstand and shoulder stand on this thick mat is like doing these on a bed mattress . My neck is now so messed up I will be lucky to be able to ever do these poses again ... My chiropractor is needed weekly and I still need a new mat . Do n't buy this product for an advanced Yoga practice !!!!
 When I first bought this mat I loved it . After a year of use the mat started to shrink in spots and buckle . It has become so bad that I had to abandon it because it would not flatten out and it became difficult to execute balancing poses . I contacted the company explaining the situation and sent a picture . They told me that the mat was designed to be biodegradable and would break down under some conditions and environments . If you expect your yoga mat to last , then look at other products .
 The rubber that this mat is made of is just too soft . I practice hot room power yoga and sure this mat is non slip , but my hands and legs sink into the mat and stretch the mat out . Makes me feel like I am practicing yoga on a piece of cotton fabric .
 I was so excited to receive the mat . It looks really nice and has a nice texture . I like the length of it being a few inches more than the standard size . I ca n't wait to use it . But little did I know , it has a very strong yucky smell , in some way worse standard yoga mats . I washed it with soap and water and laid it flat in the garage to air it out . It 's been three days , the smell seems to fade a little but it 's still not usable . My other yoga mats took only a couple of days for the smell to fade away.Update : It 's been more than a month since I received the mat . It still has that light rubbery smell . I had it out in the sun several times but I ca n't seem to get rid of the smell . Other than that , I do like the mat . It has a nice texture and provides good traction .
 I purchased this Hugger Mugger mat based on the reviews above ... big mistake . I attend yoga classes 2-3 times a week , so I have had a chance to so through a number of mat 's in 4 + years . I gave this mat about 2 months before I decided to submit a review . I do n't see ANY redeeming quality about this mat ... NONE . Not only is it not durable , but if you get even a slight amount of moisture on the palms of your hand , and you will slip all over this mat . Remember the ` slip and slide ' mats when you were a kid ?? I think this yoga mat is made of the same material . Stay away at all cost ...
 This mat is SO anti-slippery you 'll have so much trouble fitting it into the Hugger Mugger yoga mat bags .
 I purchased this mat less than a month ago and when I went to unroll it the 3rd time for class the ribbing on the mat had disappeared on the upper portion of the mat where my hands would be placed ! I did n't do anything unusual to cause the morphing . I am in the process of returning it .
 This mat lasted me for less than a year . At first , I loved it . It was sticky and had nice cushioning . Under moderate use , it started peeling . It also lost its stickiness very quickly . I 'm very disappointed in it as Hugger Mugger usually makes excellent yoga products .
 When I bought this mat a couple years ago , I was looking for a longer mat . I 'd find my nose or toes hanging off one end or the other of my standard-size mat -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- . The lack of PVC and the somewhat Earth-friendly material led me to this mat rather than other longer mats.Early-on , the mat was both too sticky and too slippery . The slightest moisture made it slippery , and it is sticky when dry . Two or three times I stubbed my big toe in a big , painful way going from down dog to lunge . I do have a certain amount of excess girth that gets in the way of some maneuvers but I never stubbed my toe while using my first PVC mat . My leader thinks the mat is too sticky . The slipperiness was gone after a month or two.I practiced twice a week for much of the past two years but practice only sporadically now . There are some cracks but no tears or gouges . I would not buy this mat again .
 I was hit by a car using this taillight . If you are serious about safety then buy a real taillight and spend the extra money . I still have the light on my bike and use it in conjunction with another light but live in fear every time a car passes me now . Look at Dinotte taillights if you are on the roads early . They have videos on youtube that will show you how bright they are . I am saving money for one of their systems . The topeak tailight will cost you about $ 6.00 to replace batteries also since it uses a cr2032 like remotes for cars . I have also read many good reviews on the cateye 1100 taillight . Safety is the key when you are riding at night . This light might be good for trail riding.Update to review . This light failed me this morning in wet conditions . It was not raining , but water from sprinkler systems on the road came off the rear wheel and hit the light which was attached to topeak bag . When I returned home the light was no longer on and water had entered the casing . Luckily I had a second light going.Update - Still lingering on my bike as a second light . Bought the cateye 1100 as a replacement which is a phenominal light as far as ouput , functions and intensity . I Just finished washing my bike and the Topeak light turned on by itself . This light is wacky , stay away from it . Product reported to Consumer Product Safety Commision for review .
 Let me start by saying that in my relatively short time biking , I have found Topeak to produce very nice items . For the record , I also own a Topeak rack and bags that are both outstanding products.HOWEVER ... my newly acquired Topeak Redlite is a huge disappointment . Let me explain why ... On the back of my Topeak rack , there is a small metal bracket that is supposed to be for attaching Topeak brand lights . I imagine if you look up Topeak racks , you could see this small bracket . Unfortunately , once you purchase a Topeak light , you find that it doens ' t fit the bracket at all . After a lot of frustration , I ended up attaching my light to the back of the bag itself , held on by what I consider a fairly flimsy clip . Definately not what I had envisioned , or hoped for . I do n't forsee it falling off , but it would be very easy to steal if someone wanted to take it.Secondly , upon receiving my light I was very surprised at just how tiny it is . I guess I 'll have to pay more attention to the technical information on items I plan to purchase in the future , but I had expected this light to be a couple inches across , about the width of the bracket on my Topeak rack . No such luck . A very tiny light that almost looks out of place in size comparison to my other Topeak items.In regards to function , the light seems to operate fine . It 's very bright , easy to use , and it has two modes -LRB- flashing and solid -RRB- to choose from . In my opinion , the function of the light is it 's only saving grace , and all that kept me from rating it even lower.Overall , I give my Topeak Redlite experience 2 out of 5 stars . I will be looking for something more substantial to replace it with.-Woobey
 This light LOOKED like it would be very effective at night . However , I never got the chance to try it out in the dark . I mounted it to the bracket on my recently-purchased Topeak MTX E-Type rear luggage rack exactly according to the directions . The light was securely fastened -- or at least as much as the mounting bracket allowed . On my first ride with the light attached , it somehow got shaken loose and fell off at some point in this short , just under 10 mile commute .
 I would not recommend this light to anyone who values their time and money . Your time - because you will waste some looking for a new light in a matter of months . Your money - because even if you do not break it you will be buying expensive batteries to keep it running . Not water proof or resistant - I live in Monterey , California and we do not get much rain out here , nor do I like to ride in the rain . That said this light was ruined by what little water it came in contact with or by the process of changing out the rusted batteries for new ones . Whichever the cause ... it is a testament to quality and/or durability . Bottom line is this light is cheaply made ! I am now looking for a light that uses a more common/cheaper battery -LRB- like AA or AAA -RRB- and that is actually water resistant !
 Do n't waste time or money on this garbage - you ca n't mount it , and the replacement battery is very expensive . Useless !
 There is no way the regular price for this shirt should have EVER retailed for 25.00 . It is a plain T-shirt made with cotton and polyester , Nothing special about this shirt . For 10.99 I could/should have gone to Ross , Sears , anywhere and bought 3 of the same type of shirts for 10.99 . I have purchased Maxit products before and was pleased until now . I was enticed when I saw the regular retail and then the closeout price , assuming I was getting a deal . The regular retail for the shirt is 10.99 and should be sold for $ 3 or $ 4 max ! Also , no where close to an Under Armour Shirt ...
 I am a very petite gal and ordered these in a small . They seemed to be made for a child . They are very cute but I had to return them . Returns were simple and easy .
 Just received this bag for my very slightly taller than average three year old , and there is no way he will be able to use it . This bag is advertise as being 50 '' long , and he is only 39 '' tall and it is way too short for him . I will be returning this asap . I have no idea how on earth they measured 50 '' , but it most definitely is not . I would say that a much shorter than average two year old could possibly use it for one season , but no longer than that . Do n't waste your money on this bag .
 The whole point of going wireless was the move the computer to a spot I could see on the bike , but to finally get this to work it was almost on the tire itself and even a shorter distance than the wired unit that I had . Went to using my iPhone and a free app on that to track all my information , it worked out better than anything I tried . Ended up giving this unit away .
 It might be a nice computer but the specialized tie strap that holds the magnetic pick up is unbelievably brittle . It snapped into pieces when I tried to attach it to my bike . This is a manufacturers defect . Do n't waste your time buying this , you will just have to return it .
 I was ok with ordering this inexpensive mask for my son because I thought it would come with the tinted glass that is shown , because that 's all he really wants . It 's unfortunate that these fly by night paintball companies take advantage of people advertising one product but actually delivering another . Last time I order anything from this company .
 I bought this set -LRB- both head and taillight -RRB- . The following comments are regarding the taillight . I would not recommend this light to anyone who values their time and money . Your time - because you will waste some looking for a new light in a matter of months . Your money - because even if you do not break it you will be buying expensive batteries to keep it running . Not water proof or resistant - I live in Monterey , California and we do not get much rain out here , nor do I like to ride in the rain when we do get some . That said this light was ruined by what little water it came in contact with or by the process of changing out the rusted batteries for new ones . Whichever the cause ... it is a testament to quality and/or durability . Bottom line is this light is cheaply made ! I am now looking for a light that uses a more common/cheaper battery -LRB- like AA or AAA -RRB- and that is actually water resistant ! My headlight is still operational ... no complaints other than to echo the above comment about the batteries being expensive .
 I bought this combo just recently and when it came in the mail I tried it and the white light did n't work , so I returned the item to amazon and they replaced it for no charge , but to my surprise the new combo had the same problem and the white light did n't work either . I am really annoyed to see that Amazon is selling this product without any quality control . I do n't recommend you to buy this combo , spare the money and patience , I will return the new bad combo and will buy another one elsewhere ...
 The photo of this article indicated 3 clubs , but only 1 was received -LRB- with a different degree than the one described -18 degree - -RRB- . I 've made several purchases at Amazon and the articles are usually quite close to the description , but this one is n't even close .
 While jansport makes an excellent backpack , this particular one was too narrow to fit the massive amount of books that my son brings home . Had to look elsewhere for the larger Jansport backpack , unfortunately , Amazon had it for alot more , which is normally not the case .
 Purchased these to wear with my fins while snorkeling . I found them uncomfortable as the seams run on top and underneath your foot . I did wear them for a while but ended up taking them off and never wore them again .
 As soon as I took this item out of the packaging and gave it a few kicks it started leaking sand . I was really disappointed because besides from that , it seems to be a high quality footbag .
 Do n't bother with this seller , they will send you the wrong item . Instead of a SandMaster , I received a lower quality foot bag called a `` Stally . '' I wont be doing business with this seller again .
 sent it back as soon as I received it ; avoid whenever possible ; picture misrepresents product ; misleading and deceptive advertising ; should be removed from website ; suspect positive reviews are plants from the company ;
 every time I pick a sand bag for my grandson they never send what I pick.I liked the one there showing so I picked it and they sent me an ugly brown one.They did that on the order before but I thought it was a fluke so I ordered again and the same darn thing happened .
 I received the SandMaster footbag today . I could n't believe it when I opened the box ... there was only ONE . Okay , so I should have gone to the descriptions section to look at the weight of the package so I would have known there was only ONE for the price , which was $ 12.65 . My sons are getting into playing with the footbags of their friends and requested some for Christmas . I saw the picture of 12 and thought that was what I was getting . Now , I 'm just frustrated . One footbag is not enough and I 'm going to have way to much invested in them . Wish it would have stated with the picture that you were only going to get one and at their selection . Ca n't comment on the quality since I know nothing about them ... just know that is a lot of money for a bag of sand .
 I 've only used a few footbags and sand tends to be my favorite . This one does n't disappoint.However after about an hour of use , a significant amount of sand has been taken out of the footbag . We would do simple kicks and you can see sand puffs fly out of the bag . It may be a defective bag that I have , but the sand drains REAL quick .
 The picture shows a dozen balls and the description reads Assorted Colors , so I assumed I was getting 12 . When you read the fine print , you one actually get one . My fault but the item is set up rather deceivingly . Way too much $ for just one ball . Plus the ball itself is filled with about 1/4 of material and has little bounce to it unlike an official Hacky Sac . I would definentely return it for my $ back if I could .
 I 've been researching spotting scopes for months now , and thought I 'd found the perfect combination of price , value , and optics - but it was not to be . I was encouraged by the positive reviews I 'd read on this scope from several sources , as well as the endorsements from major magazines ' gear reviews . After using he scope for a few days , I feel betrayed.The first harbinger of trouble was when I unpacked the scope , and part of the tripod just fell apart . Now , I knew the tripod was n't going to be bulletproof , and that it was a light-duty included accessory that would require gentle handling , but REALLY ? It could n't even make it out of the package before failing?I realize that any scopes less than German optics like Zeiss and Leica are going to be made in China , Korea , or the Philippines . This was born out upon opening the box and being assaulted with that nauseating smell of Chinese rubber and plastic . Ever been in a Harbor Freight Tools store ? Same smell . I 'd hoped that paying what this scope cost would ensure a little better fit and finish than the $ 59 versions at the local discount sporting goods store , but everything about it screams `` cheap import ... '' Crappy cardboard box , poorly made case , and that smell , that nauseating smell.But it 's supposed to be about the optics , right ? So let 's see how it performs . Be forewarned , the scope is heavy . While this gives it a solid feel , it 's impossible to secure on any average tripod such that it does n't vibrate and quiver if so much as breathed on.I knew eye relief would be a problem since I wear glasses , but at the higher powers the exit pupil is really hard to align . I 'm used to dropping my glasses to use most optics , but at anything above 20X moving your eye any fraction from the centerline of the eyepiece cause you to lose the field of vision instantly . It 's a game of trying to find the sweet spot to be able to actually see through the scope.The focus knob , while smooth and easy to turn , requires about a dozen turns from close focus to infinity . Since I wanted this scope for both shooting range use as well as birding , that 's a major problem since the Ring-Necked ducks I was trying to observe were n't inclined to sit still while I fiddled with the focus for 30 seconds trying to get things even close.A peek inside the objective end with a flashlight revealed a scarily crude quality of construction internally . Rough nuts and bolts , gobbed with black paint.The `` soft carrying case '' is a crude canvas bag with no padding , but the dealbreaker is that the zipper is on the BOTTOM of the case ! You have pack everything in and turn it over , then if you 're carrying it by the shoulder strap and the zippers are n't closed well , your scope falls out the bottom.If I 'd paid $ 100 for this scope , I 'd have resigned myself to having to live with these shortcomings for the price paid . But at over 3X that , I feel like like I was badly misled.I ca n't imaging this being anyone 's `` best buy , '' and I ca n't imagine that a hundred dollar option could be any worse . I 'll never be able to swing a Leica scope , and I 'm disappointed to find that everything in the sub - $ 500 range is just junk .
 There are better shorts out there - these felt rough , not soft or comfy , and too heavy . The waistband was not smooth and was distinctly uncomfortable with a backpack on .
 There are better shorts out there - these felt rough , not soft or comfy , and too heavy . The waistband was not smooth and was distinctly uncomfortable with a backpack on .
 The rack u get is not the one in the picture . The pic on the box is the same as the on online however what is in the box is WAY different . The joint that connects the piece that attaches to the hitch ; to the long vertical piece is not like the pic at ALL . The joint makes the unit weak and very unstable . Unusable !!!! DO NOT BUY THIS RACK . TRUST ME . HUGE WASTE OF MONEY .
 I admit , I saw this on a Lightning Deal and got taken . After looking at it and mounting it to my brother 's car , I realized that there is only one `` point of contact '' holding the bike to the carrier . All of the other bike racks I 've seen have 2 arms , thus holding the bike securely near the seat post and the handlebars . This holds your bike somewhere in the middle , sandwiched between 2 metal plates . The problem is if you 're only carrying one bike , the plates do n't seem to clamp down properly . But if you carry 2 bikes , the plates clamp down properly , but then they flex because of the load of 2 bikes . I honestly do n't see how anyone could trust their bike to this design . We never tried and now I 'm looking for a new bike rack .
 It fit extremely loose . It does not sit straight off the back of my truck it fits a little off to the right which I think is very strange . My other bike rack was straight but I use that on my camper trailer . All I can say is that it works for the price . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this product and it arrived promptly . Before I opened the box , I noted a statement on the outside that said ` Not recommended for RV or Trailer Use ' or something similar . This was my intended use and had not appeared in the online description anywhere . Although I had intended to use the product immediately , I returned it since it was inappropriate .
 So , I have the carrier all put together and ready to go . I go to put the plate on to hold the bikes in place and it is welded in a way that will not allow the bolt that screws the plate down to thread . If I had a cutting torch handy I might be able to fix , but I do n't . I plan on sending the product back since it is worthless to me , but I really do n't like to buy products and then spend countless hours taking them back apart , boxing them up , and then waiting at a post office . This product is junk , it did n't work when I needed it , and now I have to spend time that I do n't have to get one that is functional . Do n't they inspect these Items at all before they send them out to customers .
 I have two children -LRB- ages almost 2 and almost 6 -RRB- , we have never enjoyed this toy . You need at LEAST 6 people in a circle in order to play any game on this . The parachute is a fine size for indoor usage -LRB- not too small of a room -RRB- , but too little to get underneath . I 've been wanting a parachute for my kids for a long time now and I regret this purchase . In order to get SOME use out of it , we 've put it over tables to use as a tent , but honestly blankets work better .
 This play parachute holds less air than a plain old bed sheet . We spent an extra 10 bucks on a real Gymboree play parachute from eBay with much more fun results .
 There are better shorts out there - these felt rough , not soft or comfy , and too heavy . The waistband was not smooth and was distinctly uncomfortable with a backpack on .
 I have two SKS rifles one chinese and one yugo and the pad does not fit either . The mounting holes line up just fine ; but , the overall size is too small .
 The parts are designed to fit into each other and have holes that line up for bolting them together . However , many of the pieces were missing prefab holes.Also the legs are just 5 feet tall . I was expecting longer legs since the height is supposed to be 8 feet.I went to request a return but amazon just gives the phone number and email of the vendor for RMA . In reading the return notes , it looks like I will be stuck with the return shipping cost . This box is very heavy . So it will cost a bundle to return it . I will update the review if they refund my return shipping cost.I could not assemble it and so I can not review its utility .
 When I got this ball , I could n't wait to try it out . Since you never had to pump it up using a needle , I assumed that this would be a good buy . When I first tried it out it would n't bounce . It was heavy and worst of all , the built in pump , did n't work .
 I really wonder how this product made it to market . very poorly designed , no tension for any effective workout . Could have given this product zero star but could not figure out how . Really pants !
 Gave as a gift and when they opened it one of the rubber bands that make it work was already broken !
 Worked well at first , then a rubber band broke and I could not fix it , piece of junk !
 piece of junk ... a toy compared to 60 second ab machine.broke so quickly , and i am 59 and weigh only 116 ... what a rip off ... makes me want to cry for my loss !!!!!!!!!!
 Just FYI you have the INCORRECT item listed . The picture is IOWA STATE CYCLONES and the description is IOWA HAWKEYES . Ordered one thinking the cyclones was a generic picture , WRONG , received Iowa State . Returining it right now .
 These water bottles definitely have the right price , but that 's about where the good things end.The mounting accessory provided ... I have no idea what I was supposed to do with it - and it came with no instructions . I could n't get it to fit on any of the three bikes I bought one for , and eventually just zip-tied the holder onto the bikes instead . Which worked fine , until I realized that these bottles must be leaking something into the water . Leave the water in the bike for a few hours , and it 's tastes TERRIBLE , almost tastes like sewer water . It 's awful.So , while the price is certainly right , not much else about these bottles is .
 Do n't waste your money . It is completely worthless . The cage is so flimsy that the water bottle does not stay put . Spend the extra couple of bucks and buy a cage that actually does its job .
 Their site said `` in stock '' I chose rush shipping , one week later still no confirmation on delivery . Very unreliable . Do not use them .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 Today I broke down and picked this exact same set up from a local sports store for $ 158 . Not much of a savings off of the NEWLY RAISED Amazon price of $ 165 , but there 's a principle involved . I added this stock and barrel combination to my wishlist a week ago fully intending to buy it this weekend . A week ago it was priced at $ 135 , which was $ 30 off of the list price . As of yesterday the price had been raised to $ 165 along with the STUNNING claim that the list price is $ 265.95 , for an alleged savings of $ 93.96 ! I have to assume that this is some pre-Christmas shenanigans from the shipper ` Opticsdome ' and not Amazon . Even so , the price jump and the imaginary justification for doing so are asinine ! It 's true that most places sell this set up for around $ 165 -LRB- at least one other than ` Opticsdome ' has it for $ 135.99 -RRB- , so it 's not a terrible jump . However , raising the price here , especially with a bald-faced lie about the list price , means that ` Opticsdome ' just priced themselves out of the competition for my money . My sole motivation for buying it here would have been the $ 30 savings , without that I 'd rather go buy it locally -LRB- paying egregious local sales tax -RRB- and at least have the dang thing same day!All that said , I would easily give the stock and barrel combo a 4.5 out of 5 if half-points were possible . Installation was easy as pie . My only gripe is that my sock had a couple of rough spots including one in the barrel channel that needed a very light bit of sanding to even out . Not the end of the world , and if you 're the kind of person who is inclined to buy something like this you probably wo n't be put off by 30 seconds of sanding . I got to take my newly modded 10/22 up into the hills behind my house within an hour and if the initial accuracy is anything to go on I have a feeling that this set up is going to make my 10/22 the bane of tin cans and garbage-raiding possums everywhere!Long story short
 Our pool provides these on request , and I put my 2-year-old in one to give him a little extra safety boost . He tripped in the kiddie pool , fell forward , and was held face down in the water by this thing . He was completely unable to flip over or lift his head . The lifeguard and I made it to him at about the same time . Scariest water experience I 've ever had , and he would have been absolutely fine if he had n't been wearing this vest . Makes me wonder about life vests in general for this age group . Watch out .
 Used this for about 6-8 months commuting 13mi to my office , carrying my Dell latitude laptop in the MTX office bag -LRB- compatible with the rack -RRB- . This past week , the rack fractured , dropping my laptop into traffic . I got very lucky that it was n't run over . Rack fractured just beyond the top weld . Worked great until then , but I would n't be able to trust using this rack again . Seen similar reviews of these racks fracturing like this in the same spot .
 I would have given this product one star , but I did get several months of use out of it before it literally melted down into a useless steaming pile of plastic.After about two weeks of use , the Electronic Mini-Stepper started creaking and groaning like it could snap at any moment . As previous reviewers have noted , the thing actually starts smelling of burning oil/plastic/metal . After two months of use , the shocks on both pedals started leaking fluid . Good thing I had a nice thick plastic mat underneath it.I owned and used the Electronic Mini-Stepper for all of four months , using it five days per week -LRB- 20-25 minutes per day -RRB- , before the cable secured around the pully-wheel snapped loose of its moorings . This probably occured because of the extra strain put on the cable due to decreased pressure in the defective , leaking shocks . I now own a twenty pound , forty dollar door stop.There 's no reason , other than ultra-cheap construction , that a 160 pound man should be able to destroy a piece of exercise equipment like this in four months . During this time , I used nothing but normal exercise practices
 I loved it the first 2 months i had it . With out notice the cable shredded . I called and emailed and nobody at the company got back with me . It seem that the inside of the wheel was rough and began tearing it.The customer service is bad and so was the product .
 My husband bought this for me for Christmas after we both had looked at reviews and decided it was a great product . I used it for 5 months with no problems other than the squeaky sound everyone talks about . Then , without warning , the bolt securing the cable to the right pedal popped off . When my husband called the company , he was told that the parts -LRB- including the pedal and cable -RRB- were only guaranteed for 90 days , and the frame for 3 years . In other words , there was nothing they would do about it . When I called , they told me that they could replace the entire stepper free of charge , but I would have to pay shipping and handling . That was today , I 'm still awaiting a call back from the supervisor about the s & h reimbursement . This gave me a great workout so I was disappointed to find out it was defective enough to break after 5 months of use by a 120 lb woman -LRB- and I only used it about 3x per week -RRB- . I 'm hoping that this was a fluke as only one other review in this set currently states the same problem ... and I 'm hoping the company has the decency to replace their defective product .
 Is it squeeky ? Yes . But I did n't mind . What I DID mind was the fact that the tether which acts as a pully broke about a year into its use . I did n't use it vigorously , and I 'm only 160 lbs . I 'd say avoid .
 It started squeeking after only a few days of use -LRB- about 10 min each -RRB- and also we could n't get the digital counter to work .
 So after rotating a couple of pairs of these for the past four years , I finally decided it was time to treat myself to a new pair of Columbia 's Half Moon shorts . I purchased the first new pair in a Florida only department store while I was on vacation . The shorts were fine for a few days , but they were falling apart after ONE wash . I made sure all of the velcro was closed before they went in , and I washed them on the delicate setting . The stitching just above the zipper that holds the hooked side of the velcro in place came undone . This would have been an easy fix , but the same stitching holds the waistband together . I noticed that the tag read `` Made in Indonesia , '' and that the nice strong reinforced stitching of my old shorts had been replaced with single strands of poorly placed thread . One of the pockets was oversewn as well , leaving a small shelf about halfway down the side . All of this was very disappointing after my excellent experience with the original Sri Lanka made version.Columbia offers no warranty , but they told me they would take a look at the shorts and possibly repair them if I wanted to send them back to them at my expense . Without any assurance of repair or replacement , I decided that it might just be cheaper to purchase another pair and hope that the first product was just faulty.I went out and bought another pair after inspecting its stitching . One pocket was slightly oversewn , but everything else appeared to be in order . After three wears , these are falling apart as well . I have not even put this pair through the wash . The stitching on the fuzzy side of the velcro on the little adjustable belt section has come out . What do you know , it is also poorly stitched with a single strand of thread which probably snagged in the hooks of the opposite patch . These are going back to the store post haste.I have already called corporate and complained about the poor quality of this revised product . The Half Moon shorts that were made in Sri Lanka were of excellent quality , but these new Indonesian impostors are some of the most poorly made shorts I have ever worn . DO NOT purchase these based on the other reviews , they were created before the factory change.Columbia , you may have saved $ 0.03 per pair by changing your factory , but at what cost ? You have sacrificed product quality and your values . Hopefully , you have lost any prospective customer that reads this review . Shame on you .
 I like these shorts for the fit and feel ... very light , easy wash easy wear ... pockets are excellent ... BUT ... 2 issues ... beware they run small . . second . . and more importantly 2 out of three pairs are un-stitching below the pocket reinforcement ... after only one wash !!! . . love Columbia ... but not in this case ... thank you amazon for the free return and credit ...
 The Velcro closure system is n't so great . There is n't a button , it uses Velcro instead . And the belt system is also Velcro and the range for the belt is limited because the connecting piece on the shorts is n't very long . The result is that while the Large is a little too tight for me , the XL is too big and ca n't be cinched tighter .
 Never have I been this dissatisfied with a Columbia product . This item has an uncomfortable fit . TERRIBLE . It 's the last thing I 'll buy from this brand .
 Simple . It just is a cheap brittle aluminum . It snapped at the worst of times it could have and was unrepairable . Oh , and it snapped on a lake , not river . Proves it quality
 The body of the case is caved in on both sides of the plastic interlocking hinge , which never was fully assembled and ca n't be forced together . Why this item was ever partially assembled and passed on for sale , I 'll never know . Pure junk .
 Well the case is okay if your pistol has a 4 in barrel or less
 I went by the reviews and bought this . Are you nuts ... This is junk . I got a better case when I bought my 40 cal . I trusted the reviews . Dont waste you money . Im sending it back . I will pay to send this plastic junk back ... use caution ... dont buy
 This case is strongly made and closes well . However , the included foam inserts are very cheap and offer no support . After carefully making cut-outs for my XD-9 , I found that the foam was too feeble to support the gun properly and just looked cheap and saggy.After a difficult search on the web , I discovered another case maker , Pelican -LRB- on ebay -RRB- , that sold replacement foam inserts , which I ordered . I found these to be of far better quality and well support the gun and accessories.In the end , it would have been cheaper and easier to have just bought the case from Pelican in the first place.To be honest , even the Pelican foam is not as good as the foam I used to use in the UK to carry heavy cameras in alluminum cases . That foam had a velvet surface and was extremely firm , but God only knows where to buy that !
 It protects whats inside quite well with foam , and is a rather solid case , that is why I did not give 1 star.Unfortunately , with both ends locked , you can still pry the front of the case open quite easily with just your hands , and get a full size pistol out of the case effortlessly . Maybe if the locks were closer to the corners or handle . I guess if I want this to work I 'll have to buy a 3rd lock to put around the handle . I 'll just get a new case ...
 I give this case TWO stars because
 Received an old shell plate for the Hornady LockNLoad without the EZject ... Had to send it to Hornady for warranty replacement because everyone is selling the old shellplate in the cardboard box -LRB- not the new plastic one -RRB- . Hornady says it 's their screw up -LRB- Hornady 's -RRB- because the part number never changed . Vendors probably don ; t know enough -LRB- or are too big -RRB- to check and update their stock.Lesson learned
 The jacket is pretty small and was too tight around my neck . It totally bugged me just trying it on . There is no way I could have worn this all day kayaking . Returned it . Poorly made and really stiff and uncomfortable and way too small . Spent more money and got a Stohlquist instead .
 This jacket is not great quality . Everytime we wear it , the cushion on the back rides up . It does not stay in place . I would not recommend this jacket for wear on the water for any water sports . We wakeboard & tube with it on , and we always have to stop & re-adjust the padding in the back . Not worth the money .
 I am a soldier who is currently deployed overseas and i have ordered this product twice from amazon and have never recieved either one of them and would never use amazon again .
 This life vest is fine except for one very serious flaw - even if you are a pencil neck geek the cut out for your neck is still going to squeeze you uncomfortably . When they fix this it will be a winner , but in the meantime look at the Stearns instead .
 The life jacket is cheap and looks nice but it 's not very comfortable to wear . I have had multiple people try it on to see if it was just my body composition and they all said it was uncomfortable around the neck .
 I was not expecting much from this jacket at this price and still it was dissapointing when I saw this thing . It says it fits the average size adult more like the average size 10 year old . It is poorly made if you are looking for a life jacket to actually use or have for someone else to use I would not suggest this item . If you are just looking for something to fill your boat and meet the appropriate number of vest to match your passengers hope if you do need to use this jacket there is someone who weighs less than a hundred pounds on your boat so this jacket can be helpful .
 The vest says X20 Adult Life jacket ! More like x20 BOY jacket . Too small . I am currently returning it .
 I ordered two of these vests . One for myself and one for my wife . It didnt fit either of us . I 'm 5 ' 6 , 157lbs and my wife is 5 ' 3 , 120lbs -LRB- just to give you an idea that we are not big in size -RRB- , still it was way too small for both of us . The quality is alright for the money , but it 's definitely not an adult jacket . The product title is misleading , hence the 1 star . The return was hassle free and easy .
 When fastened properly Life Vest constricts neck movement and is unbearably uncomfortable for more than a few seconds . Vest should have been constructed with a wider neck area . The rest of the vest is adjustable for just about all adult sizes .
 I got this as a low-cost , cool-looking life jacket to go with the kayak I bought at the same time . If you 're looking for a cheap way to get around the life-preservers-are-mandatory laws , and you weigh 90 to ~ 135 pounds , and you have a small frame , then this is the life jacket for you ! It looks especially cool alongside the blue one -LRB- Halo
 I have three package of this products and I have a studio apartment.I put all three of them in my small apartment.GUESS WHAT HAPPENED?AFTER 10-14DAYS ? THE MOUSE CAME and it seemed that the Machines did n't work at all.I wish I could Return this . . since I bought it from one of the local hardware store.they would n't let me return.anyway it sucks do n't buy it.my first time comments here in my life cuz I am so mad for this machineplus , it has ` tik tik ... ' annoying sounds when you plug in .
 I would advise anyone against buying any Alco Consumer Product . Not only do their products not work , but their customer service is not existant . I rang twice to enquire about my defective product . My calls were not returned . On my third attempt I rang not just customer service but also the sales department and left messages on both lines . Still no returned calls . How does anyone communicate with company ? Are they still in business ?
 I bought these to replace my 2-way fuel valves in my 1966-1977 Early Ford Bronco.First , these valves are cheap Chinese versions of an old American design that you can still buy through Parker Hanfin . I only learned this after I bought them.Second - these valves DO NOT replace the old style American valves because the common port should come out the bottom - not on the side as these are.Third - On the old American version the handle turns 180 deg to switch tank feeds . These DO NOT - they only turn 90 deg.Fourth - the Chinese design took some short cuts and the parts ARE NOT INTERCHANGEABLE so that means what I bought is useless to me.NOT RECOMMENDED if you want a quality replacement for an old American Design that you can still buy from an American manufacturer .
 I purchased this product and it was only partially as expected . I did n't see anywhere that this was intended to be window sign . I was expecting to be able to hang this on a wall . However there are these posts that go around the sign which can not be removed . It looks a little strange hanging on the wall since it clearly is intended to be against a window . I was somewhat disappointed . I wish this was noted that its intended to be hung in a window not on a wall .
 They broke the very first tiime the mosquito hit a chair , 20 seconds into its first flight . I ordered some spare propellers , changed them and after that I ca n't get it to stop spinning . i tried bending the blades , as recommended , so that they would bite more into the air below them but to no avail . So the thing worked for 20 seconds overall . There are other helicopters out there that are nowadays very cheap and that are much more durable . My sons have had 2 for at least 4 months . Imagine , 4 months versus 20 seconds . what is the price per second?You see the propelers with a ring around them and maybe think they are more protected . Truth is that these propellers seem as if made out of paper or semi trasparent plastic film . jB
 All in all I like the look of the case . I was disappointed because the plastic base bottom is scratched where the ball prop would rest if there were a bunch of them stacked -LRB- as I assume they are in shipping from the factory -RRB- . This scratch on the plastic reflects in the glass bottom.The BIGGER disappointment was the wood base corner that was scratched . I am pressed for time . I would have returned if time was n't a factor . I did some filling in with Crayola crayons to match the color of the wood.Also the plastic shell case is not very sturdy , it is easy to construct , looks like a nice presentation and will be okay on a shelf but it would have to be somewhere without a lot of handling.I overpaid for this item but there was n't much competition on Amazon for the price range . If it were n't for the scratches I would have been pleased overall . It did ship in a timely manner and is a nice presentation .
 Put it simply the product is garbage.Good idea , but not well executed . The handle came off the Red cord after only a few uses.I felt it was not safe to use anymore .
 I purchased the complete set of 5 cords . I had to have the green cord replaced three times until I finally gave up after that one snapped while I was using it as did the orange one . Incidentally , the customer service person -LRB- who has all the diplomatic savvy of the the president of a middle-eastern country which shall remain nameless -RRB- claims that I am the only person who ever experienced problems with their equipment , a statement I find hard to believe . Incidentally , their door hook is poorly designed and unsafe . Despite the fact that I carefully followed the instructions in placing it into the door and then dead bolted the door , it flew out from the door frame and I was thrown forward and injured myself by slamming into the bannister in front of me . I thought maybe it was a fluke , but it happened on another occasion and I just threw the thing out . Finally , today was the last straw . I was using the black cord -LRB- the heaviest one -RRB- to do biceps curls , and the thing snapped right out of the handle and whaled me in the abdomen causing a welt.Mind you I am not some accident prone wimp . I have been weight lifting and using weight machines and other strength training equipment all my life and secondly , it is not my intention to hurt anyone 's business . Normally , I like to give the benefit of the doubt , but these people do n't even acknowledge that their product is shlock and a downright hazard to the consumer.When I got fed up replacing the green cord , I went out and bought cables and handles from Lifeline USA . -LRB- Mind you , this is a totally unsolicited review -RRB- . The difference in the design and quality of the equipment is so obviously superior that there is no comparison . Plus , I have never had one of their cables snap and their door hook works great , by which I mean it has never come lose from the door while in the middle of an exercise and caused injury.I am throwing out all the remaining cables that I have from Ripcords . I know that I could send them back and I would only have to spend the postage to get replacements for the broken ones , but it is just not worth the risk of injury . I write this as a service to anyone out there considering the purchase of this product .
 The quality of the bands are so-so . A few of them snapped on me when doing exercises a few months after using them . After having one snap me in the hand and break the skin , I decided a review was necessary.I also really dislike the workout DVD that comes with it . It 's 6 minutes long . You ca n't get a good workout in 6 minutes . . so , it 's essentially a worthless addition to this .
 Yes , the Kestrel is great - if all you want to do is look at the weather data . Downloading the data is only easy if you have an old computer . The Kestrel interface requires either a serial port -LRB- most laptops do n't have them anymore -RRB- or you can buy their `` USB '' kit , which is really just a Keyspan adapter added to the old-style serial connector . The problem is that your computer must have one of the COM1 through COM4 ports unassigned for this to work . If you do n't have an old-style serial port , you will probably find that your USB has assigned COM ports up to 5 or 6 already .
 Connections were loose inside ... so had to take cover off and inspect since it did n't come on after plugging in.Not as pictured . Foot is plastic not metal . Tires are thin and not substantial ... toy like junk.Didn ' t inspire that keeping this was going to go well . Returned it the next day.Bought a Sears Craftsman . Quality was better and it worked without fiddling or hasseling around .
 Two chargers arrived with major dents on the bottom -LRB- see pictures I posted -RRB- . Schumacher ships them without adequate protective packaging . It may be a good charger if you can get an undamaged unit . I 'm waiting for the third one now.Update
 Seemed okay at first . Very handy with nice features . Then the current indicator failed . Then the timer eventually failed so it would n't shut off automatically . Then it did n't seem to charge very well so I checked the voltage and it was putting out much less than 12 volts . Maybe that 's operation normal but does n't make sense to me .
 My unit arrived with the top section forced down as if it had been dropped whilst upside down and the edges had been buckled slightly . Since the Unit came shipped in excellent packaging with no indication of shipping abuse , I can only deduce the that manufacture has poor quality control or simply choose to send out the unit damaged in this way . On using the equipment , I experienced similar issues to other reviewers . I found that the unit 's charge measurement rated poorly as follows ; 8.43 v at 2amps , 9.89 v at 10 amps and 12.23 v at 40 amps . The starter mechanism seems to function perfectly well but the internal fan does not work which limits my charge times to 10 min intervals to allow the unit to cool . I would hope this unit was just part of a bad batch as others seem to be experiencing good results but I 'm inclined to believe that based on my initial findings , this unit will be up for return .
 Do not play poker with these sunglasses , even though they are `` casino sunglasses '' . They look good in the picture , what you actually get is quite different . First of all , there is a sentence written in white letters on one of the lenses saying that these are UV protected sunglasses . Do not even think about scratching that off the lenses , you simply can not . Perhaps this was written to let people watching you know what type of sunglasses you are wearing . Second of all , the screws on the center of the glasses are loose ... -LRB- Why ? -RRB- . I have bought this model twice . The first time I thought it was because the manufacturer wanted the customer to adjust and tight the glasses ; they were too loose that feel off my face and broke ... my fault ... perhaps . I decided to buy a second pair and the same thing happened again . This time one of the screws got lost and the lenses came off . I have been unable to find replacements , I even took them to a professional sunglasses boutique at a mall and they said it was impossible . Bottom line , try them first , see how they look on you , then buy them if you like them .
 I have about a dozen of these cases holding various pieces of camera and lighting gear . Nothing too heavy duty , but up until my last order of 2 more cases , they 've always come with a thick inner foam panel made of diced pick-n-pluck foam . This made customizing the case interiors easy and very nice to create compartments where I wanted them . The last order came with the same good -LRB- cheap -RRB- cases and foam , but the 3rd foam panel is UNCUT , UNDICED , and thinner than before . Really frustrated by this change which was n't documented anywhere before I re-ordered . Prior to this change , this was a 4-5 star product given it 's price bracket
 This case is alright . That is the best that I can say about it . It is very flimsy . I was expecting it to be a bit more durable ... like the standard Plano tackle box . When the case is closed , it feels misaligned , as if it may come open at any minute . When the case is open , it 's flimsiness is immediately evident . I would spend the money on something more rigid next time . It will serve it 's purpose for the time being . Caveat emptor .
 This box is flimsy which is in my expectation . It only has one off-center locking place which makes it impossible to lock it securely . For a box meant to store pistols , it should have a way to securely locking .
 I just purchased one of these for my 1911 Semi Auto and Model 29 .44 magnum . The foam is too light to hold my semi auto or magazines in place . As soon as I picked up the case , my 1911 and magazines fell to the bottom . Since the Model 29 has a rather large cylinder , that does not seem to be a problem with my big revolver , but who has 4 hanguns without one of them being a semi auto ? I do not recommend this case except maybe for large caliber revolvers . They decided to skimp on the foam and the result is a product that fails its most important task
 I normally do n't go discount , but decided to try this case ... but its disappointing . The foam compression is such that my Ruger Mark III Competition and my Ed Brown .45 will not stay in place inside the case and move around inside . That makes the case all but worthless as a gun tote to the range . I gave it to my son for his paintball gear and am buying Pelican with plunk n ' pick foam instead . This case is very basic , and offers only marginal protection . Skip it if you have nice firearms .
 I picked this case up in order to fly several handguns home . I had to drill out the handle to accept a more substantial lock . I ended up using a brinks adjustable shackle lock straight through the handle . I loaded it up with 5 handguns in gun socks . TSA had no issue with the case as modified . It rolled out on the conveyor at my destination cracked completely through , bottom corner to case buckle and was missing a 1 `` x2 '' chunk out of the bottom at that location . Seeing how it failed I would not recommend this case for hard use , the plastic used is just too brittle and the lock location is a joke . Invest a bit more in a better case . Plano has replaced the damaged case at no charge , which says a lot about their customer service .
 Unfortunately , this case is not designed for pistols -LRB- no matter how they designate it -RRB- . Squirt guns , yes . Real guns , no . Not a bad looking case online , but a flimsy , non-secure choice for pistols . Is it worth the price ? Sure , I guess . Is it worth buying to carry guns ? Not if you are serious about your weapons . Do n't be cheap like me . Pay the extra bucks and get a case made for guns . If you do buy this , I hope you intend to use it as your kid 's lunch box . That 's all it 's good for . Happy shooting !
 This case is an absolute travesty . If you want to keep guns stored flat without ever lifting the case by it 's handle it would be fine , but as soon as you pick up the case all your guns slide to the bottom and scrape against each other . Horrible , horrible , gun scratching , collectible destroying design . Ff the foam were just a bit thicker it would actuall HOLD guns in place . And heaven forbid you remove foam to pocket your guns in ... that simply allows for more crash room in the case . 20 bucks going in the trash , OR another 20 for a second case just to have enough foam . Either way one case will be at the landfill .
 Why some reviewers are praising the `` sturdiness '' of this case is a mystery to me.This item is illustrated with what looks like a laptop computer in it . While a small laptop might fit inside it , it would be at least as vulnerable to damage by crushing as if it were in a decent soft case . The supposedly `` thick '' walls consist of apprx . 1.5 mm of flexible plastic , and I do mean `` flexible '' . Open this case and twist it by the handles , and it behaves almost like rubber , flexing precipitously along its plastic hinges -LRB- the handles themselves feel like they 're on the verge of tearing through -RRB- . Shut it and apply several pounds of pressure from front to back just beneath the handle using the heels of your palms , and the handle literally pops open like a cheap coin purse . The latches stay fastened , but with this degree of overall flexibility , one could almost get into this case without bothering to undo them.That being said , the case is probably not entirely useless for its advertised purpose
 Cheap was what I was looking for , and unfortunately what I got . I figured it 'd be inexpensive and a good value like other Plano cases I 've bought for other purposes . I placed a couple of pistols and magazines in the case , closed it , picked it up and heard noise . Set it back down and opened it to find my pistols and magazines slouched to the hinge side of the case.Ok , so there is pick and pluck , but if you use that , you have only one layer , not the two advertised . Weak.I just bought a Seahorse instead , I 've used that brand for my camera gear and trust it as much as Pelican .
 At first when I received this product I felt kind of stupid for buying something that only worked with a bike rack . Then I went back to the item page and realized that NOWHERE does it specify that the fender only works with Topeak racks .
 I ordered this with the assumption that it will include a way to attach it onto my bike . I was mistaken . This fender only attaches to a certain bike rack . The description failed to mention this . Not happy with that , but I managed to McGyver it onto my bike . If you can get the thing onto your bike , it works great .
 Several of these came with my crossbow so I used them to sight in and bought Gold Tip brand bolts for hunting . They 're a bit brittle / fragile as compared to the Gold Tip bolts . They were destroyed by target shooting , some had the inserts pull out and left the insert and broadhead inside my target and others snapped off when I pulled them out . It seemed to me like just the force of hitting the layered target was enough to crack the arrow or break the glue loose and they finished breaking when I tried to pull them out .
 It 's unclear to me if this is the Headhunter bolt , which is recommended for my Predator XBow -LRB- 375 fps -RRB- . The price on this site is exorbitant !!! Look around -- you can get a 5-pack for about $ 37 and free shipping . If you really look around , or you want to buy in bulk , you can save even more . NEVER pay more than $ 8/bolt , which is about what Barnett charges on their site , and other sites online $ 6 - 7/bolt . I like the Headhunter , but if you 're target-shooting , do n't go for tight groups , because you 'll destroy your bolts . Also , with the Rinehart dense foam targets , you have to use some kind of arrow lube -LRB- even soap -RRB- , or the heat generated by the friction will bond the foam to the shaft of the bolt . Makes it very difficult to remove bolt from target , and then you have to scrape little pieces of the target off the shaft . Even with the lube , I still have to use a rubber grip , and sometimes my feet , to remove bolt from target .
 Got these for my son for Christmas to protect his eyes while target shooting with his airsoft gun . They broke within a couple of days.I would not recommend .
 It 's too fancy and nice , but it is heavy and the handle is long . It is hard to carry around . The handles get hot when playing summer time .
 After reading the reviews , I bought this hopper . The price is great and it felt pretty solid as I assembled it , but then noticed that the top lid does not latch down or close tightly . This is a problem because if you put this in the car and it tilts over ... all the balls will come out . Second issue is the handles/legs when folded upward for carrying have no latch to keep them together . When I first attached the handles/legs then sat it in the carrying position , about 10 seconds later one of the handles fell down and broke my dog 's bowl on the floor . I knew right then that it had to go back . I am now looking for one with a tight lid and a latch for the handles . Hope this helps you : -RRB-
 This ballhopper is almost unusable . The legs fall off when moved from the handle position to the leg position . They also fall of when used as handles to pick up the balls . I suppose there is a solution to secure the handles with rubber bands , but I have n't tried it yet . As it is sold , it is a piece of junk .
 I was very excited to receive this , but had to return it after its 1st day in court ... In one hour , I spent more time in fixing frequent handle fall-off issue than teaching tennis to my 6 yr old son .
 We purchased this item in late October for Christmas . We opened it today and this item had been crushed inside . It was also missing the top . The box had been popped back out and put in a nice shipping box . Customer service did work with us and allowed a credit after 30 days as a one time issue .
 -LRB- Disclaimer
 The arms/handles for the hopper do not stay on . While just in a sitting position with the arms up they continuously fall out of the holes . It is very frustrating as this one was just like the other gamma I have that is perfectly fine . Do n't know what changed , but the handles do not stay in the holes . I am unhappy with the product .
 I have bought two pairs of Drams for myself and one for a friend and they have all leaked the liquid , not from the screw caps . It is the most comfortable and cushioned Reef flip-flop yet , but `` the Dram is not worth a damm ! ''
 Was so excited to get these . . ordered a pair , fit great , but RIGHT foot leaked , because it was missing the seal , returned to get another with the other shoe leaking this time ... also , cheap plastic , pain in the but to fill , and it barely holds one shot ... cool - but bad design
 I thought these sandals were the sweetest thing when I first got them 2 months ago . However , in the past week the flask on both sandals cracked . They are very comfortable and if I were to buy another pair of reefs i would go for the original sandals or the fannings . Please beware when spending $ 50 on a pair of sandals with a flask .
 These sandals are basically well made sandals - nothing fancy , other than you can sneak alcohol into a concert in them . Unfortunately , each sandal only holds about 1.5 ounces of liquor , or a total of two weak drinks . If you are really desperate enough to need the buzz , let someone else drive and drag you along . If you really want the age-old secret , here it is - fill a small `` clean '' cooler with ice and vodka with your unopened orange juice inside . Nobody can tell .
 I bought a set of these and they 're a cool novelty , being the guy who has flask sandals . There 's a couple problems though , one sandal leaked all 1 shot of booze out . The other sandal , even after many washings with dish soap , still make whatever alcohol I put in them taste nearly unbearable , even when poured into a mix . Not worth any amount of money spent on these , do not buy them .
 I ordered these back in May of 2008 , and these are still very comfortable and mostly in one piece . The only problem with these were within the first couple of months of wearing them , the container inside actually cracked and broke , rendering the whole `` idea '' useless.You 're paying the extra dollar for the gimmick of being able to carry liquids in your shoe , but if the container is n't durable enough to withstand the wear and tear of everyday life , then I ca n't recommend these shoes.And even if the containers were durable enough , their capacity is very limited .
 I have several pairs of Reefs ... hands down the best sandals out there . . but I will be darned if these things leaked after the first fill up . . didnt know till I was headed to the Pearl Jam concert ... filled a little Jamesons in there . . and put them back on ... drip drip drip ... other than that , they are a very comfortable sandal ... but reef makes better utility sandals ... the bottle opener ones , stash box , fuzzy and the golf ones are way better and useful than the flask ... shop around ...
 First , let me say that I 'm a fan of Reef sandals and own several pairs but these sandals disappointed at every turn . I know the flask is a novelty but less than 1 oz . per shoe ... Really ? Come on!The bigger problem arose after only several days of wear when the plastic -LRB- flask part -RRB- on both shoes cracked and crumbled , so even if I did want a drink fit for a lilliputian it would not have been possible.I know what you 're thinking ... And no , I 'm not fat , this is just a terrible product that should have never made it to market .
 It was not the kind of sandal you expected , the finishes seem to be for women and not men .
 The idea of having your flip flop hold some ounces of liquid is a fun idea , however , after wearing the sandals for almost a month off and on , the container shattered and the area that is right under your arc became very uncomfortable . I would stick to the sandals with the bottle top opener .
 This is exactly why we now have TSA agents making everyone take their shoes off before boarding a plane . . honestly , why would you sell these ?
 Bought two of these T-shirts and although they fit well , looked nice and were quite comfortable , they started getting holes in the underarm areas after about 5 washes .
 My husband applied two coats on our boats teak rails . . looked nice until exposed to heavy dew . The water combines with the oil and drips on anything below it . This creates nasty brown spots . Now , only a month later , thank god , most of the oil has disappeared , and the rail is turning gray again . We will have to use polish and elbow grease to remove the brown residue .
 Easy assembly , parts fit nicely . Now to using it . The handles are a bit too wide and they are horizontal so the palms are up when doing arm curls , like a traditional straight bar ; not the ideal position for building biceps -LRB- this is my opinion , others no doubt will disagree -RRB- . This position might possibly induce elbow strain . It would have been better to make the handles at an angle , like a cambered bar.The rubber pieces are easy to put on for the curl movement , not as easy for the triceps exercise . They also emit an odor that I found unpleasant . I thought this would dissipate after a few days , but it did not.Bicep Curls
 I consider myself at an intermediate level of fitness.This is the second cardio type workout I have tried by this instructor and both suffer from the same problem . With the rather complex choreography that flows awkwardly , even with excellent cuing , it would still be confusing to pick up . Unfortunately , a lot of times the cuing seems minimal or late which adds to the problem . The awkward flow is even more noticeable with kickboxing which needs to have a certain natural flow to blend all the foot and directional changes . Even if you persevere to get used to the choreography , they have slowed down the moves to the point that you never really get a good workout . It would be preferable to simplify the moves and keep it intense enough to get you to your target heart rate.Speaking of kickboxing per se , if you are talking aerobics adapted to include kicking , the instructor is ok . If you are talking kickboxing adapted to maintain an aerobic level , then the kicks were just bad form and weak . If instructors tell you to look in the direction you punch/kick and imagine something there to punch/kick , I start to expect more . Instructor should be able to cue you with exactly what kind of kick is being used and execute it with good form , balance , and strength.That said , Instructor always utilizes music well to time moves -LRB- which others seem to largely negelect . -RRB- The free weight workout in this series is more focused and does not suffer from the problems that seem to be forming a pattern in the cardio type workouts.Considering all the cons and , ultimately , having barely worked up a sweat , this was just not good .
 Better bands with more comfortable hand grips are available just about everywhere , sporting goods stores , walmart , etc for a lot less . I bought this set for the DVD workout which was a joke . It is poorly made , boring and rushed . You have to remember the exercises because it goes through them too quickly to use as a workout . I returned the set .
 The company sent me the wrong cue . The tip and deflection of the cue is not great , but expected for a jump/break cue that cost less than $ 150.00 . I would not recommend this cue for anyone that 's looking to use this cue as a competitive cue , but will work fine for practice or recreational use . It 's not designed for league play .
 My son ordered a hat and when he tried it on it did not fit . They would not accept a return . So much for good customer service !! I would n't buy from these folks unless you are absolutely sure the cap will fit . By the way , my son has a similar cap that fits him fine and that 's what he went by when ordering a new one . Evidently , `` authentic '' does n't work when it comes to cap sizes .
 My father bought me a cap as a gift . He ordered a size 6 3/4 . They sent me a size 6 . I called them and they issued a return shipping label . Once they received the item , they issued me a `` full '' refund . This full refund equaled less than half of the price it was going to cost me to get a new one , since they would n't simply exchange the item due to their error . After spending over an hour on the phone being transferred between departments , I finally was able to get more of a credit added to my account . In the end , I had to pay an extra $ 2.22 out of my pocket in order to get a new cap . The customer service representative said that the cost of shipping had increased due to the holidays . I really do n't care why costs have gone up . They made a mistake and I literally had to pay because of it . Had either my father , or myself , made the mistake , I would have gladly paid to correct it . I should not have had to pay any additional fee to correct their mistake . The only reason I did , was that I wanted my present from my father .
 I ordered driectly from Greg 's website but my item never arrived . When I questioned the delay he responded that the item had to be manufactured and shipped from Hong Kong . A month later , I emailed again - no response . Two months later I emailed again - no response . I know others that have ordered and they are happy enough with the end product . I just wish I would have received mine OR been refunded my money .
 This guy is a faker ! I ordered in august 2010 - my items did n't arrive untill today . My last emails had not been responded as well .
 I think one have to be very passionated about the delivery time , even if I was warned for the late delivery.Now it takes `` TO '' long waiting . I 'm afraid I never will receive this product . What about my payment I already did do long time ago . I only hope the Amazon seller `` KRUSHCO WRESTLING '' will not run away with my money without delivering .
 I WILL SAY THAT GRECCO GEAR DID EMAIL ME BACK BOTH TIMES THAT I TRIED TO CONTACT THEM ABOUT THE ITEM I BOUGHT AND HAD NOT RECIEVED OVER A MONTH . BUT BEWARE OF WHAT YOU ARE BUYING FROM THEM , THEY ARE SELLING ITEMS THAT THEY DO NOT HAVE AND LOOKS LIKE THEY CAN NOT GET . I WAITED 4 WEEKS AND STILL DID NOT RECIEVE THE ITEM -- I WILL GIVE THEM THIER PROPS , THE LAST TIME I CONTACTED THEM ABOUT THE ITEM , THEY EMAILED ME BACK TO LET ME KNOW THAT THEY HAVE REFUNDED MY MONEY TO MY CREDIT CARD . THANKS GRECCO GEAR FOR THAT . BUT NOW I HAVE WAITED SO LONG I DONT KNOW IF I WILL BE ABLE TO BUY ANOTHER SINGLET BEFORE NATIONALS . BEWARE !!!!
 I purchased this knife to use at work for a low cost . Well , the statement `` you get what you pay for '' is definately true about this item . The straight edge knife included was nice , and the folding knife nice as well however , when I placed the knife into my pocket -LRB- the day after I recieved it -RRB- using the clip to hold the knife between my pocket and outside pants leg . The clip came off and I lost a screw that was holding the clip to the knife ! This was an issue but I figured I could just put it into my pocket and I was n't too concerned about it.Well not even 5 hours later the whole knife fell apart . Not really sure how because I did n't even get a chance to use the knife . I have now lost several vital screws for the knife and can not use it.I would not recommend anyone purchase this knife combo if you are looking to use the folding knife . If you can justify spending the money for just the straight knife and place the odds on the folding knife staying together than give it a shot .
 I think it 's downright irresponsible to sell a fixed blade tactical knife and not include some kind of sheath . This is not a kitchen knife that is meant to be stored in a drawer or toolbox . It is meant to be carried with you . What are you supposed to do with it , wrap it in a rag , put it in your backpack , and hope you do n't fall on it and get stabbed?At least the smaller of the 2 knives is a folder and can be safely carried in a pocket or clipped to gear.Come on Winchester/Gerber , spend the extra buck and throw in a cheap sheath so people can safely use your product !!
 So after rotating a couple of pairs of these for the past four years , I finally decided it was time to treat myself to a new pair of Columbia 's Half Moon shorts . I purchased the first new pair in a Florida only department store while I was on vacation . The shorts were fine for a few days , but they were falling apart after ONE wash . I made sure all of the velcro was closed before they went in , and I washed them on the delicate setting . The stitching just above the zipper that holds the hooked side of the velcro in place came undone . This would have been an easy fix , but the same stitching holds the waistband together . I noticed that the tag read `` Made in Indonesia , '' and that the nice strong reinforced stitching of my old shorts had been replaced with single strands of poorly placed thread . One of the pockets was oversewn as well , leaving a small shelf about halfway down the side . All of this was very disappointing after my excellent experience with the original Sri Lanka made version.Columbia offers no warranty , but they told me they would take a look at the shorts and possibly repair them if I wanted to send them back to them at my expense . Without any assurance of repair or replacement , I decided that it might just be cheaper to purchase another pair and hope that the first product was just faulty.I went out and bought another pair after inspecting its stitching . One pocket was slightly oversewn , but everything else appeared to be in order . After three wears , these are falling apart as well . I have not even put this pair through the wash . The stitching on the fuzzy side of the velcro on the little adjustable belt section has come out . What do you know , it is also poorly stitched with a single strand of thread which probably snagged in the hooks of the opposite patch . These are going back to the store post haste.I have already called corporate and complained about the poor quality of this revised product . The Half Moon shorts that were made in Sri Lanka were of excellent quality , but these new Indonesian impostors are some of the most poorly made shorts I have ever worn . DO NOT purchase these based on the other reviews , they were created before the factory change.Columbia , you may have saved $ 0.03 per pair by changing your factory , but at what cost ? You have sacrificed product quality and your values . Hopefully , you have lost any prospective customer that reads this review . Shame on you .
 I like these shorts for the fit and feel ... very light , easy wash easy wear ... pockets are excellent ... BUT ... 2 issues ... beware they run small . . second . . and more importantly 2 out of three pairs are un-stitching below the pocket reinforcement ... after only one wash !!! . . love Columbia ... but not in this case ... thank you amazon for the free return and credit ...
 The Velcro closure system is n't so great . There is n't a button , it uses Velcro instead . And the belt system is also Velcro and the range for the belt is limited because the connecting piece on the shorts is n't very long . The result is that while the Large is a little too tight for me , the XL is too big and ca n't be cinched tighter .
 Never have I been this dissatisfied with a Columbia product . This item has an uncomfortable fit . TERRIBLE . It 's the last thing I 'll buy from this brand .
 Simple . It just is a cheap brittle aluminum . It snapped at the worst of times it could have and was unrepairable . Oh , and it snapped on a lake , not river . Proves it quality
 I ordered driectly from Greg 's website but my item never arrived . When I questioned the delay he responded that the item had to be manufactured and shipped from Hong Kong . A month later , I emailed again - no response . Two months later I emailed again - no response . I know others that have ordered and they are happy enough with the end product . I just wish I would have received mine OR been refunded my money .
 This guy is a faker ! I ordered in august 2010 - my items did n't arrive untill today . My last emails had not been responded as well .
 I think one have to be very passionated about the delivery time , even if I was warned for the late delivery.Now it takes `` TO '' long waiting . I 'm afraid I never will receive this product . What about my payment I already did do long time ago . I only hope the Amazon seller `` KRUSHCO WRESTLING '' will not run away with my money without delivering .
 I WILL SAY THAT GRECCO GEAR DID EMAIL ME BACK BOTH TIMES THAT I TRIED TO CONTACT THEM ABOUT THE ITEM I BOUGHT AND HAD NOT RECIEVED OVER A MONTH . BUT BEWARE OF WHAT YOU ARE BUYING FROM THEM , THEY ARE SELLING ITEMS THAT THEY DO NOT HAVE AND LOOKS LIKE THEY CAN NOT GET . I WAITED 4 WEEKS AND STILL DID NOT RECIEVE THE ITEM -- I WILL GIVE THEM THIER PROPS , THE LAST TIME I CONTACTED THEM ABOUT THE ITEM , THEY EMAILED ME BACK TO LET ME KNOW THAT THEY HAVE REFUNDED MY MONEY TO MY CREDIT CARD . THANKS GRECCO GEAR FOR THAT . BUT NOW I HAVE WAITED SO LONG I DONT KNOW IF I WILL BE ABLE TO BUY ANOTHER SINGLET BEFORE NATIONALS . BEWARE !!!!
 I ordered driectly from Greg 's website but my item never arrived . When I questioned the delay he responded that the item had to be manufactured and shipped from Hong Kong . A month later , I emailed again - no response . Two months later I emailed again - no response . I know others that have ordered and they are happy enough with the end product . I just wish I would have received mine OR been refunded my money .
 This guy is a faker ! I ordered in august 2010 - my items did n't arrive untill today . My last emails had not been responded as well .
 I think one have to be very passionated about the delivery time , even if I was warned for the late delivery.Now it takes `` TO '' long waiting . I 'm afraid I never will receive this product . What about my payment I already did do long time ago . I only hope the Amazon seller `` KRUSHCO WRESTLING '' will not run away with my money without delivering .
 I WILL SAY THAT GRECCO GEAR DID EMAIL ME BACK BOTH TIMES THAT I TRIED TO CONTACT THEM ABOUT THE ITEM I BOUGHT AND HAD NOT RECIEVED OVER A MONTH . BUT BEWARE OF WHAT YOU ARE BUYING FROM THEM , THEY ARE SELLING ITEMS THAT THEY DO NOT HAVE AND LOOKS LIKE THEY CAN NOT GET . I WAITED 4 WEEKS AND STILL DID NOT RECIEVE THE ITEM -- I WILL GIVE THEM THIER PROPS , THE LAST TIME I CONTACTED THEM ABOUT THE ITEM , THEY EMAILED ME BACK TO LET ME KNOW THAT THEY HAVE REFUNDED MY MONEY TO MY CREDIT CARD . THANKS GRECCO GEAR FOR THAT . BUT NOW I HAVE WAITED SO LONG I DONT KNOW IF I WILL BE ABLE TO BUY ANOTHER SINGLET BEFORE NATIONALS . BEWARE !!!!
 The clips that hold the mask straps both broke on the first day , and the snorkel had a slow leak . My other mask and snorkel set , and my friend 's set are from US Divers , and both are fine . The Speedo set is now in the garbage -LRB- unusable -RRB- .
 So after rotating a couple of pairs of these for the past four years , I finally decided it was time to treat myself to a new pair of Columbia 's Half Moon shorts . I purchased the first new pair in a Florida only department store while I was on vacation . The shorts were fine for a few days , but they were falling apart after ONE wash . I made sure all of the velcro was closed before they went in , and I washed them on the delicate setting . The stitching just above the zipper that holds the hooked side of the velcro in place came undone . This would have been an easy fix , but the same stitching holds the waistband together . I noticed that the tag read `` Made in Indonesia , '' and that the nice strong reinforced stitching of my old shorts had been replaced with single strands of poorly placed thread . One of the pockets was oversewn as well , leaving a small shelf about halfway down the side . All of this was very disappointing after my excellent experience with the original Sri Lanka made version.Columbia offers no warranty , but they told me they would take a look at the shorts and possibly repair them if I wanted to send them back to them at my expense . Without any assurance of repair or replacement , I decided that it might just be cheaper to purchase another pair and hope that the first product was just faulty.I went out and bought another pair after inspecting its stitching . One pocket was slightly oversewn , but everything else appeared to be in order . After three wears , these are falling apart as well . I have not even put this pair through the wash . The stitching on the fuzzy side of the velcro on the little adjustable belt section has come out . What do you know , it is also poorly stitched with a single strand of thread which probably snagged in the hooks of the opposite patch . These are going back to the store post haste.I have already called corporate and complained about the poor quality of this revised product . The Half Moon shorts that were made in Sri Lanka were of excellent quality , but these new Indonesian impostors are some of the most poorly made shorts I have ever worn . DO NOT purchase these based on the other reviews , they were created before the factory change.Columbia , you may have saved $ 0.03 per pair by changing your factory , but at what cost ? You have sacrificed product quality and your values . Hopefully , you have lost any prospective customer that reads this review . Shame on you .
 I like these shorts for the fit and feel ... very light , easy wash easy wear ... pockets are excellent ... BUT ... 2 issues ... beware they run small . . second . . and more importantly 2 out of three pairs are un-stitching below the pocket reinforcement ... after only one wash !!! . . love Columbia ... but not in this case ... thank you amazon for the free return and credit ...
 The Velcro closure system is n't so great . There is n't a button , it uses Velcro instead . And the belt system is also Velcro and the range for the belt is limited because the connecting piece on the shorts is n't very long . The result is that while the Large is a little too tight for me , the XL is too big and ca n't be cinched tighter .
 Never have I been this dissatisfied with a Columbia product . This item has an uncomfortable fit . TERRIBLE . It 's the last thing I 'll buy from this brand .
 Simple . It just is a cheap brittle aluminum . It snapped at the worst of times it could have and was unrepairable . Oh , and it snapped on a lake , not river . Proves it quality
 Ordered a totally different item , one with plain red no stripes , except those on the shuolder , and a white logo , and i received this , probably best avoided . .
 I was quite upset to hear that there would not be an MVP Baseball 2006 and after buyign and playing MLB 2006
 This game had so much potential but from the very beginning it proved itself to be awkward and a terrible baseball game . The hitting engine is pathetic and it 's nearly impossible to see the pitches right . Every player has huge legs and a funny pasted on face that slightly resembles reality . The graphics are OK but older versions of MVP trump them ... actually MVP 2005 kicks this game into the gutter . The fielding dynamics are frustrating as well , and there is very little control over throwing and jumping/diving . Then there 's the management part of the game , trading sucks , and the whole roster management is fragmented to a maddening degree . My advice , wish this game had never been made and wait till MLB 2k6 or give up until EA can make MLB licensed games again .
 Stay away from baseball game this year . Without MVP baseball having the mlb license , the games just are n't worth the time and money . MLB the show , has terrible game play and overall is n't fun to play . I bought MLB the show one night and sold it the next . MVP basebal sucks with the college players so do n't buy that either .
 Pros
 This game is horrible !!! I played it at Best Buy and it sucked so bad I could n't play it for that long !!! The graphics are horrible , I mean the players do n't look good !!! It looks like they have generic faces !!! The graphics are nowhere near Major League Baseball 2k5 or MVP 2004 or 2005 !!! The gameplay is the worst I have ever seen in a baseball game !!! Do n't buy this game !! Wait until MLB 2k6 comes out !! It already looks like it has alot better graphics and gameplay , plus it has the World Baseball Classic !!!
 When I was told I could have this game I was pumped . When I loaded the game and saved my data , it took 3000 kb for rosters , profile , and dynasty . That and it was hard to play without setting everything good and taking about 750 kb . The only way to set the ball in the strike zone is to try and pitch it high . My way of hitting is to just swing and see what happens . Hitting was fairly easy , and playing on easy , I was losing 19-1 in the 3rd . My favorite part of the game is to ... . hit batters with fastballs . So overall , 2 over 5 .
 I played this game at my friend 's house recently and I was very unimpressed . I was highly dissapointed that the MVP series was n't making any more MLB games , so I decided to try this one , since I needed a new baseball game . UGH !!! How can anyone say these graphics are good . It looks like your playing on a gameboy . The entire gameplay feels choppy also . No where near as good as MVP 2005 . Career Mode does seem kind of cool , so that is the only thing going for this game . Overall , I guess I 'm going to stick with MVP 2005 again and just update the rosters because MLB 2K6 sounds terrible also . PLEASE EA SPORTS , COME BACK !!!!!
 everytime a game system seems to become outdated for the next bigger and better version , the companies seem to dump games like this on us , if you liked MVP baseball by EA sports previous efforts you will definately not like this release from SONY , and please do n't anybody say the graphics are better because they are not ... i just bought a forty dollar coaster ... mmmphh
 If i could give this game a lower rating i would . This game is the worst basball game I own . The graphics are average at best , but i dont buy a game for graphics . This game plays horribly . If you have ever played a version of EA sports mvp baseball you should avoiod this game like the plague . Its hard to hit , hard field , and the overall game play is just plain terrible . Go buy a text game before you buy this , it will be more fun . Not to mention it locks up from time to time . Save your money and buy a pizza or something for dinner , you will get more enjoyment out of it
 This game seems half baked . Good ideas with poor execution.Graphics : Arguably the best part of the game . The graphics are nice and the faces of star players are pretty well rendered . Body types are n't as well rendered and look pretty generic . Stances and deliveries are done well . Ballparks are also replicated nicely.Little glitches mentioned later detract from otherwise beautiful game graphics.Gameplay : The pace of the game is slower than any baseball game I think has ever been put out on a platform -- but in a good way . It does give one the feeling of a real baseball game one would view on television . This can be quickened up in the options if one prefers a quicker game experience or just want a ` quick and dirty ' game . The commentary is pretty good and although a little bit repetative is not annoying except for exclusion of a lack of recording names for almost all game generated players if you play franchise or career for a decent number of seasons.Pitching lacks depth in that every given pitch breaks the same way . No differing breaks on any changeup , although one may break more given the pitchers ability . Also many pitchers especially relievers seem to be given extra pitches that they do n't throw in real life presumably so 2 or 3 pitch pitchers can not be guessed so easily for the pitch guessing feature in the game.FieldingThe controls feel a lil slow and clunky in the responsiveness department . Throwing feels the worst as the game really needs a throw meter.TuningSome gameplay feel that I found a little not to my liking or a little off was the ease of getting on base via bunting -- especially drag bunting . More than what would be a normal amount of infield singles . Many of what should be routine double plays the first base runner beats out . Injuries do n't seem to happen often enough . I think I hit 6 or so batters in a row without my pitcher being thrown out and with none of the batters sustaining an injury . Ease of wild pitch seems a little off also . For as much as the game wants to be simulation-like it loses credibility as rare events happen to the point of being routine.The title `` The Show '' would make you think the developers spent a lot of time on their unique Career mode that lets you create a player and play through his career -- WRONG ! It 's not terrible at all but is not much more than a franchise mode without any control over the lineups and rosters since you are just a player . The mode lacks the depth that could have made this title uniquely great . Nothing happens by chance except injuries with the choice of playing through it or not . Recieving mentoring from veteran players or advice from coaches is totally absent and it 's a shame . Also the notes other players and the manager quickly become repetitive . You feel pretty detached from the team . An interesting feature would be to open up requests with say the owner or the GM once you reach ` veteran ' ` all star ' and ` hall of fame ' status , increasing your clout in your organization based on your star status and importance to the team as an individual or the ability to recruit key free agents.Bugs that are pretty inexcusable and may be a gamebreaker for you :1 . Game freezing during a played game2 . Lack of running tagout animations . First time I ran down a player I literally was n't sure if I 'd tagged out the runner because my player did n't reach out with his glove .3 . The minor but very annoying 4 shadows for every player on the field .4 . Umpires do n't move , they sometimes in overhead shots go 2d , and you can walk right through them like they are ghosts .5 . A glaring lack of recorded names for game generated players . Hearing , `` Number 24 comes to bat ! '' gets pretty annoying if you play career or franchise for a number of years and game generated players start to predominate the league . Some minor leaguers do get the recorded name treatment from the game for some reason , but not the majority .
 I bought this game a few days after it came out . The trailer is awesome , the music is great . But then I played it . I was frustrated from the beginning , but decided to be patient since it is not MVP 2005 that I am so used to.THE GOOD : - I am music lover and this game has some awesome tracks - The graphics are great , make other games look cartoony . - Highly customizable . - Mini-games are good.GAMEPLAY : -LRB- Offense -RRB- - Offensively , its really up for debate . Being able to guess a pitch is an integral part of real life batting . But in my opinion , not in this game . If you guess the pitch right , all you have to do is time it and , if its in the stike zone , usually get a good hit or homerun . With 5 or 6 pitches available to the pitcher against you , the laws of probability suggest that I will be making contact a lot if I guess at every pitch . I must have completed about 8 games by now and can consistently produced 10 + runs with the Yankees . ** Ca n't really control the runners . You can send them , thatsabout it . -LRB- Defense -RRB- - If you are trying to replace MVP Baseball 2005 , you will find this game very lacking defensively . ** You can do most things easy enough , but I ca n't get over the absence of the throwing meter on defense . After the outfielder throws the ball , L1 -LRB- PS2 -RRB- gets the cutoff man to intercept it . The longer you hold L1 , the harder he 'll throw . Why not incorporate that into the rest of the game ? ** I feel like players have limited range when diving on the run . ** You can `` Preload '' the throw , by pressing the base before the fielder possesses the ball , and result in the fielder getting rid of the ball faster . These good things make the absence of a throwing meter much more distressing . -LRB- Pitching -RRB- ** Takes some getting used to . The spot where you aim is n't where the ball will land , but rather where the ball will break . Big difference when throwing curves , splitters , changeups , sliders . ** After each pitch , the spot is shown where the ball broke and landed . Problem is that many times this will not be consistant with where you SAW the ball go . As a batter you NEVER see the sideways break of a slider -LRB- you see what resembles an outside curveball or changeup -RRB- , though its marked after the pitch , many times INSIDE the strike zone.ONLINE : ** Online interface is awesome . The rooms are shared by PS2 and PSP users that ca n't play aganst each other . In my opinion , they should be on seperate servers , if they ca n't play against each other . ** The online game experience is the same as the offline if both players have good connections/bandwidth . ** I have played two ALMOST complete games online . Both times as I am scoring 10 plus runs on the oponent , they quit on the bottom of the ninth . Their punishment and my reward are a couple of lousy points ! No win or loss is given . No statistics adjusted to either player . Do n't know what the points are for . I -LRB- and I think most players -RRB- care about wins/losses and stats such as average , ERA , HRs , RBIs , etc. . If the other player quits on you after you are having a great game , your stats stay as they were before you started . You can see how that player is rated before you play butthat does not justify the way its currently setup.GRAPHICS : ** Joints . With so much effort obviously being put into making this game as life-like as possible , one noticeable flaw is the double-jointed wrists of some batters . ** Faces look bad ** Too much graphics for the PS2 ?? This game is eye-candy like no other , but freezes frequently during gameplay . - After a play , the game waits for the commentator to catch up because he is usually one play behind !! - After the third out , the player make their way to the dugout . One time I saw four or five of them jogging in place at the dugout steps . - After a batter strikes out , the scene kicks in with a close up of the frustrated hitter making his way back to the dugout . Many times the commentator has not caught up to the last pitch and the programmed scene ends prematurely ! The batter loses his life-likemovement and walks like a stiff-armed robot.I did not play with season mode or franchise mode or career mode . They all sound great but after experiencing the gameplay , I can not see myself dedicating much time to this game.CONCLUSION : The game started out on the road to be the best baseball video game out ever made , but along the way the makers overlooked basic things which render this game inferior to most .
 5 things that ruin mlb 2006:1 . poor graphics . very bland all around . the players all look the same . the create-a-player feature is just about as generic as you can get . the crowd is made of 2 or 3 nintendo quality models that all move and clap at the exact same time . the stadiums are all pretty ` eh ' . they 've got the basic look down but the detail is nowhere to be found .2 . buggy graphics and sound ; the umpires are constantly facing the wrong direction , the commentary -LRB- which boasts more than 35,000 lines of dialog -RRB- is ultra repetative and frequently does n't match the gameplay , fair balls are called foul , you 'll hit a home run and the ball with go through the score board instead of bouncing off it ... . i could go on for hours .3 . poor gameplay
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 This DVD looks awesome but it wont play in any computer that I try , something about the country of origin . Wasted 75 dollars .
 Items in the package was missing and when contacted for replacement ... the seller was more distasteful.The resistance bands -LRB- the two that were there -RRB- were weak .
 I graduated with a degree in exercise science ... this is not a workout a model would ever do . The women accompanying the instructor are BEASTS of women . I have no desire to look like I can kick my husbands butt . I would describe this as P90X for women . He goes VERY fast and VERY hard . A muscle building series for sure . If you are wanting to look thin and fit , this is n't the workout for you . Want to look like you are on the edge of female body lifting ? ... this is just the dvd you need ! I modify it by never going beyond level 1 and it seems that it is light enough to only build lean muscle . Not my favorite . Turbo jam is a much better workout for a woman .
 The package did not include the bands or the weights that are pictured . Only two dvds .
 Such little variety for 80 dollars . Very deceiving advertisement . Amazon should have stated more detail in the review or description box . Buyer beware . Two DVD s for 80 dollars what a rip off
 I bought this set a while ago because it looked unique and fun . Do not make the same mistake I made of buying it , it is not worth even 10 $ ! The exercises are extremely fast paced . What I mean by this is that he will show you a move for a split second then expect you to have it mastered so while they 're dancing away a million miles a minute , you 're stuck there still trying to figure out how to do the moves . My other problem is when I would do the resistance disc exercises , I honestly did not feel any shape or form of a burn meaning the exercise was n't doing ANYTHING -LRB- and to top it off , I was using the most resistant band the set came with -RRB- . I wasted money on this ridiculous program , shame on BeachBody for releasing this !
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 Bought two of these sets for our trip to Hawaii . What a disappointment!The mask looks cool and works well . The snorkels leaked water through the purge valve -LRB- making it pretty useless you like the taste of sea water in you mouth -RRB- . The plastic valve was too thin and small to work properly . This happened with both sets . I am going to contact Speedo , hopefully this will address this problem .
 Nice looking pack but the buckle broke . Seller replaced it and the new one broke also . Seller gave me full refund for everything shipping included . Thanks
 I have not used it yet . I tried to balance the scale to zero , but I ca n't seem to keep it zeroed . The unit is mainly plastic and very light weight . At this point , I 'm not impressed .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 Very cute , but is way too small . . I ordered adult large and it did n't even fit my XS neice !
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 Yes , this is a new kind of sports toy for the kids to ride . Great for using your body and balance . Was ok for the first 2 weeks , then we noticed that the back wheel especially , was flaking away and chunks were falling off of it . Made for a very bumpy ride . Tried to replace the wheels by ordering new ones , but do to command for them they are back ordered ? Not really sure , when we are to receive them . So it worked for the first 2 weeks and now it sits . Did n't think it was too expensive at the time of purchase , but for something that ca n't be used , I would n't have paid what we did for it and have it fall apart so soon .
 My son and some of his fiends each bought one of these about a month ago . They love the boards and use them to get around the neighborhood after school . The problem
 I bought one of these several years ago . I was riding it within a few minutes . I am an adult -LRB- under 200 lbs -RRB- and do n't do anything fancy with it . I noticed after riding on occasion over a few weeks that small hairline cracks started forming on both platforms where the torsion bar inters the plastic . This is not properly engineered and I would guess that someone doing tricks on this board could easily break the plastic .
 This was listed as something different than a rip stick - but it 's exactly the same
 I am a girl . I never skate boarded ever . It does ` nt intrest me . Santa got me a silver hi-tide board . Hi-Tide ! from the makers of the wave it said on the box . I got teary eyed . I did n't try it . My dad did and fell off . I 'll never use it . I like dolls and animals . I 'm a tom boy but not a ` gnarly grinder.I 'm only 9 . Box said ages8 and up . We are returning it . Buy this to break someone 's heart !
 We bought this board as a Christmas present for our son , and he got to use it for 10 minutes before the plastic cracked . We returned the board and received another just like it . And I mean EXACTLY like it including cracked plastic in the same spot ! We returned the second board immediately . We are planning on buying a different board at a local store instead of fighting with this one . I do need to say that Amazon was very good about the shipping and the refund we eventually received .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 Stay away from these . I bought them on amazon because of the reviews on here . Do not be tricked . They are simply cheap stop watches that break right away . You get what you pay for . If you just want something cheap for one-time use only , then maybe buy them . Otherwise , if you want something to last more than a month , buy a quality stopwatch .
 the quality of this item is too bad , it 's only for the protection of eyes , because the mask was broken , when i tested it for the first time . I mean the black part of mask , which protects your mouth and face . It 's not for the 500 feet and less velocity airsoft guns as it 's written in the description ...
 The band breaks easy and is hard to replace . The functions are difficult to understand .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I guess it is my fault for not checking the size.It is too huge to put on the back of my jetta.Go Jets !
 I never buy this badminton racquet before . But after read all the review about this product , I wonder what 's country made this racquet ? Was it made from USA ? Can any body let me know ?
 Item received was not as described on Amazon . Amazon listing said `` Lures - 1/12 oz - 3/4 oz . '' The picture showed about 8 Lures with a cost of $ 47.00 , which had been reduced to $ 2.95 . I placed the order and a 5 days later received only 1 single Lure . This Lure I could have bought at Walmart for about $ 2.00 . I called the company and they blamed Amazon for making a mistake on the listing , but they have done nothing to correct it . I am unhappy and very disappointed with this company .
 Item received was not as described on Amazon . Amazon listing said `` Lures - 1/12 oz - 3/4 oz . '' The picture showed about 8 Lures with a cost of $ 47.00 , which had been reduced to $ 2.95 . I placed the order and a 5 days later received only 1 single Lure . This Lure I could have bought at Walmart for about $ 2.00 . I called the company and they blamed Amazon for making a mistake on the listing , but they have done nothing to correct it . I am unhappy and very disappointed with this company .
 Brunton Compasses are GREAT . This one is no exception . Larger than the normal Zip o gage , but not too large . The thermometer is another story . I have bought 4 over the last year . The thermometers have fallen out of three of the four . Apparently Brunton does n't think there is a problem according to the gentleman I corresponded with , since there is no plans for a re model . They were very friendly and sent me four new thermometers to replace the lost ones so their customer service is good . You 'll need it.LOL
 Arrived with the thermometer broken off from base . Could not return because of the liquid used in the themometer . =-LRB- Looks and feels cheap .
 This overpriced compass somehow lost its liquid a few months after I had bought it . It is cheap looking , as if from a dollar store , and smells toxic .
 The quality was very good , unfortunately I was unhappy with the size it did n't seem to be a xxx-lrg . I have purchased several items of this size and it seems more like it was a x or xx large therefore I now need to take the time and expense of returning it . All in all though it 's a nice pullover .
 I recommend buying a more substantial gnome and just painting a UGA logo on it .
 These leggings were great out of the package . They fit perfectly and were very soft . However , after the first washing they shrunk quite a bit and the softness was lost . I would n't buy them again .
 I bought these because of the reviews . I usually buy the $ 5 leggings at forever21 and wanted to invest in a nicer pair but cant afford lululemons . . So I thought maybe it would be a similar but knockoff type brand . OMG these leggings are the EXACT same quality as forever21 's except the only difference is that these are $ 30 vs $ 5 ... I am returning them , reason being , is that they are see through and not worth the money . I also bought `` capezio '' leggings which I added the link below , and they are a little bit cheaper but more importantly NOT see through.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XZMCQK/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00
 My wife wore them once and the seam in the seat began to unravel . I also got her pair from Newport News that were of much sturdier construction . I would recommend going with those instead of these .
 5 ' 5 '' 140 lbs . I ordered these in large . They are great ; made in USA , nice fabric ; great price . So I ordered three more pair but sized up to XL so I could freely launder without them becoming too small . The XL are same as L. . . so I guess anyone larger than 140 should look elsewhere . They actually told me they add 1/8th inch to the XL . Now that is just ridiculous !!! I do notice that washing them makes the legs longer . Too bad because they are terrific tights .
 I returned these - too loose ... Have a hard time finding tall , slim sizes . Fabric seemed to be an ok weight , though I do n't know how they would have worn since I did n't keep them . Had to wait a few weeks for the return credit .
 These leggings sit low on the waist , nothing like the pictures . Pitbull and American Apparel are both using this brand now called In Touch . The materical is thin but comfortable but the lowrise fit ruins them . I am a real woman and I need a little more material for my waist and back side .
 I bought a pair of these leggins based on the reviews I read here . I literally wore them twice before the ripped at the seam . They also pilled extremely fast . Was n't worth the money
 I 'm 5 ' 3 '' 112 lbs . The small size is sluggish and 1 1/2 inches longer than I would like them to be . It 's well made and material is ok for the price-not too thick nor thin . I 'm afraid that they do n't have x-small size .
 I did n't care for these leggings . They are very thin and not at all substantial . I should have returned them , but kept them for warmer weather wear .
 I have been loyal to Danskin for a few decades , even though I 've occasionally tried other brands . The truth is that Danskin outshines them all
 These leggings shrink even when following garment care instructions.For this money the fabric should be of much better quality , they are see through.I doubt these will last.There are better choices .
 So I found a great deal on these and purchased two pairs ... however , I will only be wearing these with a long shirt or dress . I do n't know how many ladies who bought these have turned around , bent over , and taken a good look in the mirror . I have and got a great look at my ass ! I suggest not buying these if you plan on wearing them to yoga and doing some forward folds !
 I did n't try these on after purchasing for a couple months , and during the first wearing , the center seam busted and that was it . Needle holes had expanded and split along one side . Not a good quality fabric .
 I did n't find that these legging gave support . They were thin and I really could n't feel the spandex . They just were not what I wanted .
 The label on the back says `` City Lights '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Not really sure if it 's Athletica unless they do n't put that label on them . The pants are nice . But not what I was expecting . I 've used them for yoga and biking . They are comfortable and durable .
 I agree with the previous reviewer , although this tape looks great once applied , it 's a bear to wrap any surface with a curve to it . It wants to bulge and pucker . If you 're not experienced with installing handlebar tape , try another product first .
 I own a cybershot sony camera , and I was planning on just buying a housey for that camera , but then I was told that a housey can hurt the camera if its not used right so I started looking for a cheap underwater camera . I came across this camera , and seeing as it was cheap and digital I bought it . . After I got I noticed that there was no screen -LSB- to see the pictures after they are taken -RSB- . Also the pictures didnt come out very good . Most were very blurry . The first time I put the camera in the water -LSB- after testing the case -RSB- the camera failed and the pictures deleted themselfs . I wouldnt even call this a camera . This is a toy . Not worth the money . Your better off buying a $ 200 camera that will last you more than one try .
 I bought this camera to use kayaking . Unfortunatly it is too low of resolution and too poor of lens quality to be good for anything other then a toy .
 I bought this camera for a snorkeling trip in the Philippines . What a disappointment to find that none of the pictures we took with this camera -- above or under the water -- were even distinguishable . Fuzzy , blurry , and strangely ... red . Do yourself a favor , do n't buy this camera .
 Compre unos Ray Ban muy lindos el dise & ntilde ; o era muy fashion , quedaban muy bi&eacute;n puestos pero despu&eacute;s de dos a & ntilde ; os de uso se les empezo a caer el filtro solar a mis lentes de sol en la parte del frente y luego en la parte interna , cuando los lleve a la optica para ver que podiamos hacer con ellos la respuesta que me dieron es que no tienen arreglo , que los lentes de una sola pieza no tienen respaldo ni reemplazo y gaste $ 200 en unos Ray Ban que son para toda la vida y me duraron 2 a & ntilde ; os , increblemente mal y nadie responde por el da & ntilde ; o ni siquiera la casa matriz , por eso no compren lentes de una sola pieza , salen muy malos ...
 The quality was very good , unfortunately I was unhappy with the size it did n't seem to be a xxx-lrg . I have purchased several items of this size and it seems more like it was a x or xx large therefore I now need to take the time and expense of returning it . All in all though it 's a nice pullover .
 Very flimsy said it was airline approved when I checked with TSA after I bought it because it is so flimsy they said it is not TSA approved so it can not be taken on a plane or other craft from a TSA facility . My scoped rifle did not fit without many alterations and the lid still has to be closed and held like a over stuffed suit case to latch . As far as I am concerned the verticle case is a great idea I hate my guns laying on there sides the scopes get banged around too much so good try bad flimsy item .
 Case is advertised as large , yet the lid wo n't clear my 56 mm scope on a Rem 700 with a Choate Tool Ultimate Sniper Stock . If it actually worked for a larger gun , it would be better than a double gun case , but it does n't work , so you 're better off with a double gun case to fit a large gun . It 's a stupid idea considering it 's limited storage size and large footprint . If it worked for larger guns , it would be worth buying . Cost more to return than what I paid . $ 35 of junk to add to my garage .
 When I received the rifle case it was cracked and when I called the customer service rep , she informed me that the rifle cases are back ordered and I would not have a replacement before christmas -LRB- this was weeks before christmas -RRB- . The rep told me she would send a shipping label for me to return the item and never told me how long it would take -LRB- i found out later that it takes 5 -7 business days for the label to be shipped and it took all of 7 business days -RRB- . So even if the merchandise was n't on back order , I still would n't have had a replacement on time . Needless to say my husband is going to get a damaged rifle case for Christmas because the whole ordeal of sending this back has been nothing but a hassle . Also note that the customer service rep who answered my call was very unpleasant and uninterested in my dilemma . Would n't recommend buying anything from this company .
 The outer case is fine but the inside foam is not ! It is hard to use the center tie down , scope is in the way . Also nothing for the end of the barrel , needed most when putting the rifle in the case .
 Just received 2 of these cases for my 20 gauge slug gun and 300 wsm rifle . the outside case feels sturdy , the made in China straps feel sturdy as well . but the foams are very cheap looking and poorly assembled . and they do n't seem to fit in the case quite well . There is a lot of space in the case that ca n't be utilized which is a waste . it is such a big case , and you can only put the gun in there . no room for other accessaries.If I were to buy another case , I would spend extra $ $ $ to get a better one .
 The brass plate was damaged and the sample Log Book was not included . Unfortunately I did n't have ample time to exchange it before Christmas
 It is very nice cover . It was my understanding that sample pages were included with cover.I received no pages . I would not buy it again unless samples are included!Corlin
 I was searching for a low density foam roller to help with my IT bands , and hamstrings . When I got the roller , it was very stiff and very hard , like a high density foam roller . I did n't return it , did n't want to have to pay for shipping - twice ... so there it sits in the corner of the work out room :-LRB- If you want a rock hard roller , this is what you want ... but it 's way too hard for me and it 's more pain than working out the kinks .
 im sorry to say but this isnt good at all im really mad i spent 45 $ and it just sputters out bullets i mean u pull the trigger and nothing comes out then you tip it over and the bullets just fall out . the foregrip has already broke off and ive only had it for 1 day .
 Okay i bought this gun a couple days ago , when i recived it is seemed in order . No missing parts looked nice -LRB- instructions sucked -RRB- and i put my battery on the charger over night . When i got up i put the battery in loaded the clip and went out side , first shots where nice but then it just froze up . I opened it found a stuck bb easy to fix but when i put it together agin it did the same thing . The battery dide in like 3mins ! then parts started falling out and now it wont even opperate maybe out of 10 shots youll get 2 that shot out . Worst gun i have ever seen or bought!This gun is a worthless work of S * & % ! DO NOT BUY THIS GUN !
 I just got this gun . It was cool , till it broke . It broke on the third day after Christmas . First , it would not fire , even though the magazine was in it . Then , the safety and trigger spring fell out and now it does n't even make the noise . I have seen better things come out of my dogs -LSB- back -RSB- .
 I got this gun and it was awsum 4 a while , but now it shoots 3-5 bbs at a time . do n't buy , CHEAP
 I got this gun , charged the battery for 2 and a half hours fired a coupe rounds , re-loaded the clip and then ; even though the clip was in and the battery was charged it did not work . I tried re-charging and dis-charging the battery and re-re loading the clip over and over . Thes is a horrible gun !! Buy a spring gun !
 This gun was good for about a month until it got jammed and broke . I was shooting my gun at targets and then I shot a wooden board from pretty close and my gun just stopped working !!!! 2 bb 's then fell out of the barrel and I thought `` ohhh crap . `` I tried everything to get it working again , but then I finally decided that I would have to take the gun apart to find what was wrong . Everything looked fine , but then I found 2 more bb 's jammed way back in the barrel . After I got them out it still did n't work , and I looked at the motor more closely and saw that one of the pieces was a little off where it was supposed to be . I thought `` pshh . easy fix '' until I opened the motor parts to fix it.The spring shot out and a couple tiny pieces went with it . I was ticked and could n't get the pieces back in . The instructions were horrible and did n't say anything helpful . There was no way to fix the motor , so I just put the gun back together without the motor and now it does n't shoot.This was my first electric gun , and I was pretty mad , so now I 'm gon na just go with spring guns , they 're better anyway . Oh well , at least it 's a good prop for making movies and such . Overall a bad experience for me.Of course I gave it 2 stars because It was amazing to start out , I was so impressed at the beginning . It was good while it lasted .
 This gun did n't work from the moment my son took it out of the box . The return shipment and restocking fee would have cost nearly the purchase price so I did n't bother . It went straight to the trash can .
 This gun broke in the first few used . When I called for service , they inisted on waiting for the tech , and then the return was going to cost almost what the gun cost.Overall ... this was a writeoff .
 i bought the gun just to mes with it all it did was sputter out a few bullets and quit . every thing started to fall apart this gun sucks
 This gun is horrible . when it came out of the box it was okay , but from the start the battery lasted like 30 min . it shot with ok accuracy and power but then in about a week stopped shooting straight , most bbs rolled out of the barrel , the foregrip broke and the safety fell out . save your money and go buy the nypd submachine gun . this is n't margaret jha this is her son 14 years old
 Okay , here 's the bottom line . If you 're just getting into airsoft , this could be an okay gun for backyard can shooting or whatnot . But if you 're actually looking to get into the sport competitively , look for a Classic Army or Tokyo Marui AUG. . It will be more expensive , but it will be quality . The number one rule of the airsoft world is
 ok my friend bought this gun and i went to his house to play airsoft , and we both agree that this gun sux . ok thepros are-1-It shoots pretty accurate and far2ok battery lifeCONS-1-scope dosnt zoom and is small and sux2-mag holds like 45 rounds , not 503-weak ; my friend shot me and i barely felt it4-weaver rail is weird and dosnt hold normal stuff , iron sight sux
 when it does shoot , it 's awesome . but i got it today and shot it about 200 times and it worked about 5
 This gun is sooooooooooooooooooo bad . first off it came two days late . then it never came wit a strap . first day it was great reall powerful and accurate . then next day it sucked . it shoot about 100 fps and went like 10 feet . my pistol wchi i got for for 2 dollars shoots better than this gun . DO NOT GET THIS GUN
 Seriously , do you think anyone is going to read this HHHHHUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGEEEEE !!!! review below ? Jezzzz ... I 'm sure not . Oh yeh , do n't by this gun . Buy the Styler one . It looks the same but is way stronger and the same price .
 i bought this aug hopeing to upgrade into a sniper -LRB- motor upgrade scope bipod etc -RRB- but insted i got the crappy ak47 which shoots 10 feet and stinks -LRB- cant curse on amazon -RRB- i wont buy from amazon because everythinig i buy from them iis either broken or wron item so buy from airsplat they are getting new items every week that work
 whats a speed loader I didnt get what he was saying can somebody help me ???????
 Airsplat 's website showed the product in stock but it was actually backordered . I asked for a refund and after one month and several emails I finally received it . Terrible ... find your stuff somewhere else . An airsplat rep asked me to remove my rating !
 Should have heeded prior warning on purchasing from Airsplat . Was sent a package which appears to have been previously sold/used . Safety switch was falling out of the gun , and one of the latches never worked properly . I would not trust this company to sell you a reliable product . When asked , Airsplat will not take responsibility for selling you a defective item -LRB- that is , they will not pay to ship back an item which was sent defective in the first place -RRB- . Let buyer beware .
 The gun broke about 7 days after my son received it and the people WOULD NOT take it back - said he 'd had it too long . I will never buy this product , nor work with this seller again . HORRIBLE .
 This seller is saying that $ 19.95 is 43 % off retail when retail is $ 19.95 . This seller has some bogus product name , not the real product name , and not many details . No wonder people give this person 3 stars . He does n't deserve that . Find a real seller of this pouch.Then one of the `` reviewers '' says the snap was on wrong ? Puh-leeze . Maybe this seller is buying these from some chinese knock off shop?I have bought 9 or 10 of these pouches over the last 20 years -LRB- with the steel -RRB- to go with the Victorinox Ranger knife -LRB- who was the reviewer that said this pouch only fit one Victorinox knife ? Maybe they bought the wrong size -RRB- . Love the Victorinox Ranger . And a ** genuine ** Dermatt XL pouch with the steel is very cool , very sturdy and I love mine . So have all those who have gotten one . That 's why I have bought so many more to give to others . And I am getting ready to buy 3 more , but not from this seller .
 I bought this item a few weeks ago and have used it 4 - 5 times . The heart rate monitor works for about 10 minutes and then the signal is lost . I can pause it , reposition the monitor , find the signal and then start it again but it quits again and again . I 'm going to try to replace the battery in the monitor but I do n't know why the battery would be weak already . I think it is more likely the battery compartment is getting wet from sweat . Why does n't the manufacturer put the battery compartment on the front away from the body ? No one sees the monitor anyway .
 The watch is extremely difficult to program , one wrong button push and you are in a menu written in German ... with no way back ... and good luck if you do n't speak it ... The worst part however is that product lasted 2 days and stopped working , even replacing the band battery did not help , and this was a brand new product ...
 I purchased this product in August ,07 and I was pretty satisfied with it until after not even 3 months it stopped working . I replaced the batteries twice in the belt and once in the watch . Nothing ! It simply stopped monitoring the heart rate . The watch still kept its normal functionality though . For last recourse , I sent an email to Niagara Cycle customer service asking only if they could help me in finding a solution to the problem . They replied informing that after 30 days of purchase they could not accept returns and suggested that I should contact the manufacturer . Very frustrating as I take my training very seriously . Well , I did get in contact with Sigma customer care and they were very cordial and helpful . They provided an excellent assistance and requested that I would return the product to them for repair/replacement . I really think this is a great product . That 's why I insisted so much in trying to fix it ! I do n't know what 's the reason of the problem with my watch ... but I ca n't wait to get it back !
 Bought this monitor and found the instructions on setting the watch up very hard to understand and follow . In addition in a few days it stop working and was sent back to Amazon . Ordered a Polar RS-100 .
 Used the monitor for six months , worked great . Suddenly `` NO SIGNAL '' appears whenever I try it . Changed batteries , slathered self with conducting gel , still NO SIGNAL . Should n't a $ 50 HRM last longer than six months ?
 Sigma watch has a very poor quality . I bought I PC7 one year ago and the first time I put it under the shower it stops working -LRB- it was supposed to be 3m water resistance -RRB- . I sent to sigma and I have to pay for all transport expenses from -LRB- From China to Brazil -RRB- . After 1 year the battery is down and the back is rusty -LRB- I have a 10 year old Casio watch that is used in swimming in pool and seawater and does not have any rusty -RRB- . Do n't recommend Sigma watches .
 This combination heart rate monitor/watch is not user friendly , comes with a poorly written manual , and is the antithesis of intuitive electronics .
 This was the first product that I purchase off of the internet that I felt is JUNK ! I can kick myself for throwing away the box . The chest ban the is use fails over 50 % of the time . I e-mailed the mfg. and was told to water down the contacts . That worked for less then fifteen seconds and received a no signal read out on the watch . Do yourself a favor and go to consumer report let this company rate the product first before purchasing . I will sell this watch for $ 10.00 because that is the only module that works . BYER BE WARE !
 Sigma watch has a very poor quality . I bought I PC7 one year ago and the first time I put it under the shower it stops working -LRB- it was supposed to be 3m water resistance -RRB- . I sent to sigma and I have to pay for all transport expenses from -LRB- From China to Brazil -RRB- . After 1 year the battery is down and the back is rusty -LRB- I have a 10 year old Casio watch that is used is swimming in pool and seawater and does not have any rusty -RRB- . Do n't recommend Sigma watches .
 I 've had this heart rate monitor for over a year now . I use it for running and biking . It was one or the lower priced models I could find with features such as target zones . For the most part it has been reliable and helpful.Problems I have encountered :1 . Not sure how it reset , but one day it was displaying in German . Only way I could reset it -LRB- since I do n't understand German -RRB- was to dig out the manual and match up the German instruction pictures to the English instructions -LRB- there are 6 languages in the manual -RRB- until I could get it back to English .2 . Generally I find the menu system confusing . I 'd like to be able to see Clock time with the Heart Rate , but that is not easy to do . It seems like you can get that , but that it switches out of that setting on its on .3 . Sometimes it gets stuck at a heart rate - usually at some unreasonable rate , like twice what it should be . I have to stop running and wait until it corrects itself .4 . Probably the most frustrating bit is that the training time does n't work unless it is getting a pulse rate . If there is `` No Signal '' then the timer stops running . No signal and you ca n't start the stop watch . Went for a 30 minute run today and the watch only counted 19 minutes of the run , because the signal kept dropping .5 . NO SIGNAL - After a year I have figured this out pretty well . Generally I can wet my chest and the band `` pickup '' areas -LRB- saliva works quite well -RRB- and get a signal . In the winter this may not work and I use an electrode gel I got from the drug store -LRB- most do n't carry it in my area , so I had to shop around to find it . -RRB- The chest strap does stretch over time and you will need to adjust it ever now and then to get the band to stay put during exercise .6 . The handle bar attachment for the bike is made for small bars . It still works on my road bike , but I ca n't use the O-ring they include to `` lock '' it in place . So when I take the watch off the attachment , I have to remove the attachment from the bike or it may fall off and get lost .7 . The battery compartment cover was difficult to turn on my watch and I almost destroyed the slot you put the coin in before I got it open . Tried to open it last week and it is too damaged to open with a coin . Will need special attention to open it.For the money it is n't a bad deal . The transmitter is n't being picked up anymore by the watch , so I 'm in the market for a new monitor . I wo n't buy another Sigma .
 This HRM was difficult to set and the calorie counter did not work consistently . The band was too big for my chest . I would not recommend it . I returned this item with no difficulty and purchased a POLAR HRM instead .
 I bought this bike for my 9 year old daughter . Overall it is a good bike for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , however , there are 2 major design flaws I have found already . The braking system is RIDICULOUS for a child of 9-10 ; perhaps ok for an 11 or 12 year old , but a 9 year old does not have the finger strenght to operate the brakes from the top of the drops , and they can just barely reach the lever when they go down in the drops . Moving from the top riding position , grabbing the brakes and stopping quickly in an emergency is next to impossible and EXTREMELY DANGEROUS if your child hands are not big enough . The other minor flaw is that the handlebar has an adapter to fit the stem , which is cheesy . The correct size stem should have been used , but the manufacture cheaps out on this feature.I spent another $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to get the bike modified to a straight handlebar , correct stem , brake levers and other minor parts and labor so that it would be safe for my daughter to ride.The bike is much more appropriate if your child has larger hands , but without in-line brake levers added , I think its still a little dangerous.It is an attactive bike , and my daughter loved it , but unless your child is bigger , I would suggest spending $ 300 -LRB- cost of the bike + needed modifications -RRB- on an nice Trek kids bike .
 The bike came with a cracked frame , but Amazon did give a quick refund . So low rating is due to delivery condition .
 I bought this for my 11 yr old daughter . It looked nice , but when I got it put together , I could n't figure out the front brakes . I brought it to a certified bike shop , and they told me the rear wheel frame was bent and not fixable , that it was defective manufacturing issue , as well as the front brakes which were not fixable . By this time , I had already thrown the box away so have to pay $ 40 for a big bike box to ship back . Very disappointed , I did n't want to risk another one being shipped and that being defective .
 I bought these last spring for trapping and they lasted the one week I trapped muskrats with just a small leak , I thought i just went over the top of them a little bit . Then I took them out for smallmouths a few weeks later and I found the leak . Then this fall trapping muskrats and raccoon this fall they just completely fell apart the soles started falling off , they had big rips near the calf , and the part that attaches to your belt broke , and the next day the other one fell off ! So I had to spend the rest of the week in leaky falling down pieces of crap ! I would never recommend this to anyone ! It is just a horrible product . I would not even buy another Hodgman product . I was so dissatisfied with this do not buy it .
 These lasted a few years , just used launching my boat . Then even though stored nicely indoors , developed massive cracks and are unusable . Would not buy again .
 These waders only lasted three outings . They were always rinsed off after use , hung to dry , then stored properly , stuffed with newspaper . By the beginning of the fourth outing , the left boot had cracked , where the foot flexes at the toes . By the end of the trip , the right one had cracked in the same spot . They are n't worth the money , or the soaked feet .
 I bought two of these and they both broke the first time I used them . I mean they literally broke on the first run down the hill in front of my house . The plastic underside on one cracked and the wood steering bar cracked on the other . They look great but they are made in China . I still have n't found anything better than the $ 15 sleds you can buy at walmart -LRB- also made in China but only $ 15 -RRB- .
 Do not buy this product unless you have a woodworking shop and an insatiable desire to build your own sled . The quality control in their Chinese manufacturing plant must be non-existent . The holes to bolt the sled together are totally out of alignment and must be redrilled , and the threads into which to insert the bolds are themselves improperly set -LRB- at bad angles -RRB- .
 Fogged up after 3 months.Dont buy one unless your never going to get it wet.Warrenty void if water damage , even though its supposed to be a pro divers watch .
 The table is easy to put together but it is uncomfortable on your feet to use .
 I purchased this item just over a year ago and one of the pivot arms is starting to bend . I called the manufacturer and they told me not only was it out of warranty but that they dont make the arm any more so I am basically SOL . By the way I only weigh 180 lbs . Well under their weight specs .
 Nothing against the Chinese but this thing hurts like ... ! It seems OK , maybe a little cheap but decent for the price , but the ankle grips hurt so bad you ca n't use it more then a couple minutes !
 junk you get what you pay for . you better make sure someone is with you even if youve been on one before . im 5ft . 7 and i have to set it at over 6ft . to be able to get back up.that probably wouldnt be so bad but now you are not lined up with the back so its very uncomfortable . its a wonder they havnt been sued yet . also the ankle braces are cheesy and uncomfortable . im sorry i tried to go cheap . i was better off going to sports authority for 200 . i got a reebock that i can return much more easily if i dont like it . im going to try and give no stars as its not worth 1 star but i already put it in and i dont know if i can change it .
 I cant believe they are selling this thing . The pictures are blurred and do not have believeable color , much less actual color . Washed-out in high light , blacked-out in medium-low light . Worthless . Save your money .
 It 's like a plastic toy . There is no diagram with the manual to label the parts . Example
 How can you go wrong ? A camera that fits on a keychain , takes digital photos and works as a webcam AND a video camera . Sounds too good to be true . Well , in a way , this IS too good to be true but in another way , this little camera delivers what it says it does . So let 's run down the functions .1 . This is a small , box-o-matches sized camera that has a loop for a standard keychain . The camera is operated by a button on the front that switches function from snapshots , to PC-linked to taking a short . avi file for a video . There is no flash , of course . It 's all run on a single AAA battery . And no LCD screen , either . It 's plastic . Think
 It 's a cute little thing , but who wants to pay $ 25 for a cute little keychain bobble ? Put in a AAA battery , start it up , take one photo , and the battery is dead . But it does n't tell you the battery is dead , so you keep taking pictures , but they do n't get saved . When you go to download the photos , you find you 've only got the first one . At the cost of one AAA battery per photo , this has got to be one of the most expensive digital cameras on the market.Works ok as a webcam , but because its not really designed for that , you have to hold it in your hand to use it , so it 's more or less useless for that application too.Save your money !
 I got this for free and I feel cheated . Seriously , the only reason I 'd ever consider buying this is if I needed a single AAA battery and this purchase was the last source on earth .
 Not only is the bag bad but as a person less then 250 pounds when i sat in it the first time it bent . I tried to bend it back and it rebent . I feel it may not be safe !!
 The chair is fine , but it comes with a VERY poorly made carrying back . The bottom started tearing out the very first day I had it .
 I have an OLD version of this chair . It 's a love : hate relationship . First , the bad.CONS : The reinforcement pockets for the 2 upright struts -LRB- metal w/plastic cap over the end -RRB- inserted in the padded -LRB- ? -RRB- back of the chair will often fail the 1st or 2nd time you use it -- essentially worthless and potentially dangerous.The carrying pack -LRB- w/strap -RRB- * is * -LRB- as another reviewer observed -RRB- cheaply made and will begin to tear -LRB- if used -RRB- almost immediately . Its construction is slap dash and inferior.PROS
 Fine for kids and small people on firm ground , but I had two ofthese things fail at the exact same joint in soft soil . Isuspect that they will fail just as easily in sand . These werebrand new items !
 I way alot less the 250 pounds and when I got a simaler product and used it it bent .
 I way alot less the 250 pounds and when I got a simaler product and used it it bent .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . It did n't work for me right out of the package . I did n't bother to replace the batteries since the device is obviously made cheaply .
 PRODUCT PICTURED WAS N'T WHAT I RECEIEVED ... I GOT SOME PIECE OF JUNK RIFLE LOOKING MOUNT ... DID NOT LOOK ANYTHING LIKE WHAT WAS PICTURED . THE MOUNT MADE IT SO THE LIGHT WAS ATTACHED -- UNDER -- THE PISTOL , BUT THEN AGAIN , IT DID NOT EVEN FIT THE PISTOL BECAUSE IT DID NOT COME WITH A SINGLE ATTACHMENT , IT WAS THE LASER AND THE MOUNT , ... THAT 'S IT ! ... ALSO , THE LASER DID NOT WORK ... I WOULD PUT THE BATTERIES IN IT AND THEN TOUCH THE + AND - TOGETHER , IT WOULD LIGHT UP . . BUT THEN I WOULD GO TO SCREW IT BACK TOGETHER , AND IT WOULD N'T WORK , PERIOD ... I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS , I AM A POLICE OFFICER AND WANTED TO PUT SOMETHING INEXPENSIVE ON ONE OF MY OFF DUTY WEAPONS ... BUT OF COURSE , CHEAP DOES N'T MEAN INEXPENSIVE , . . IT MEANS -- CHEAP PIECE OF GARBAGE PRODUCT ------
 All I can really say about this is that it is a made in China POS.The laser itself came with a screw attachment to the mount . It was improperly threaded and would n't even screw on . Finally out of frustration I got out the metric die set and chased the threads . The trigger guard mounting screws are on the trigger side which makes it all but impossible to tighten down . The pads in the mount are too soft so the laser moves around even when you do manage to get the screws tight . The adjustment is a joke and screws stripped out just trying to zero it for the first time . I have n't a clue why they included a coil cord pressure switch since you ca n't use it with the mounting and if you did want to use it there is no way to mount the laser . The rear cover threads are poorly cut so you need to be real careful screwing it together , its so easy to cross thread . The batteries go in backwards to make it work so be careful that you do n't use any logic to load the batteries the first time . No instructions , so no guidance on its assembly , mounting , or use . Just another POS thrust on the market from China . Do n't waste your money ...
 All four adjustment screws stripped out first thing . It will not hold zero its easily bumped off . Four adjusting screws are also very frustrating trying to figure out which one to tighten or loosen which is probably why they stripped out from having to adjust so much but I did pay less than fifteen dollars .
 this product was not for me did not even give me a real good shot sight , I just gave it a way to one of my buds .
 I would suggest not buying this product . I thought it was OK until I accidentally inserted the batteries incorrectly . One would think that this would be one of the most common errors a user could make , and that a good product would be able to handle it.Not this torch ! It fried something in the head and it will not function anymore . Not covered under warrenty , and it would cost me $ 77.00 AUS to replace the head . So , I will be recommending to people not to buy it as well will warn all my scuba students to avoid it .
 I made a purchase on June 4,2006 forTwin Full Tang Black Ninja Sword W/sheath Blade Katana but I have not received my producted or the status of my producted , the only response I got was '' , Did you receive your product , '' and thas it nothing since them . I really recommend not buying anything from them because they 'll just stiff you with their terrible customer service . I am already in the process of filling a claim for the return of my funds .
 All I can say about this watch is that it keeps time and has a nice Indiglo backlight . The compass is useless . Every time I 've calibrated the compass it seems at first to be OK , but a few days later it 's way off again . I made sure not to store it near any metallic or magnetic objects , but it still goes bonkers . Now it wo n't even calibrate any more - when I rotate the watch 360 degrees in the horizontal plane after `` calibration '' , the compass needle wo n't turn a complete circle . Yeah , this watch is much cheaper than other compass watches , but the compass is useless and it 's expensive for a cheap watch . If you want a compass watch that works , get a Casio or Suunto - much more money but actually functional .
 I had this watch for about 3 years . I find the compass calibration non-intuitive . I have n't used it for over a year , and now I wanted to use it . Unfortunately , I lost the manual , and I could n't figure out how to calibrate the compass . I went to the Timex website and find it totally useless . The website does n't contain any instructions how to calibrate . Can anyone of you help me out ? Would appreciate it .
 Not As Pictured ! It does not have the over the head strap . I wanted a head light with the `` over the head '' strap . I 'll be returning this.I wish I would have read the review that mentioned this -LRB- I just saw that review -RRB- .
 I am interested in a headlamp with two straps as the picture for this product shows . So when I received it and found it came with only one strap I thought I was sent the wrong item . Also the package did not come with a shipping slip stating what I had purchased . So I called customer service explained that I received only one strap and they sent another Steamlight 61405 to me . Again with only one strap . You are misrepresenting this item with the picture with it . I am very disappointed .
 Half the battery life of the published spec . I returned immediately due to false advertising . I can not review the lamp because I did not open it .
 I got my purchase but rude awakening , did not get over-the-head strap.I saw the advertise picture.lo ` and be hold ... did not.Well any , the head lamp is nice , two bright light mode.I use it pretty much everywhere.When you need to hands to work , this lamp does the job.But I ` am still wondering what went wrong with my order.Consumer Beware .
 Recently went night snorkeling , and purchase this headlamp for the occasion . After about 25 minutes of use , the light died . -LRB- Dangerous situation to be in ! -RRB- Once I got back to shore I discovered that it had leaked , and thus was not water-proof , -LRB- the manufacturer claims it is -RRB- . My friend bought the same headlamp but did not have this problem .
 Purchased through Amazon , this Streamlight 61400 throws out light equivalent to the heavy headlamps of the past . While the older lights used 14-53 LEDs , the Streamlight uses only one ! On Amazon I purchased the Petzl E91 PO Tikkina 2 Headlamp at the same time . A comparison is useful.I find the Streamlight high beam perfect for night use and the low beam suitable only for close reading . The lamp could use a middle power . The Petzl has the same 2 LED settings , but achieves a better compromise.While it uses only 2 AAA batteries compared with 3 AAAs for the Petzl , the unit seems heavier . The Petzl has a flat lamp 2 LED design with a wide rubber base resting comfortably against your forehead . The Streamlight uses a bullet lamp with a very small rubber disk strapped against your forehead , so the lamp tends to hang uncomfortably . It is not suitable for longer periods of reading.The Streamlight 61400 has an unusually difficult battery case with an opening to the side of the forward-facing lamp . The cover is attached to the case with an elastic strap . You need tiny fingers to twist the battery cover open and you struggle to close it after inserting the batteries . I spent ten minutes at this until the unit finally lit up . I dread having to change the batteries.Due to the bullet lamp design , LED power issue , and battery case problem I would not recommend this lamp .
 the whole strap and unit would slide up and down while trying to run and then the actual lamp would not stay stationary in the same place either while running
 Lamp works , but I wanted the strap that went over the head - none of the 3 I ordered had the extra strap . Amazon customer service gave me several options though . But beware - you may not get the over the head strap .
 I am a fan of Streamlight products . I have a Streamlight rail mount light on my handgun and daily carry their flashlight that is shaped like a pen . This headlamp is a piece of crap . Very cheaply made . Do not buy it .
 I found it hard to remove the battery cap . Once I did manage to remove it , it was EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to get the cap back on again . No matter how good the light itself is , it is worthless if one can not get the battery cap on and off easily . I would NOT recommend this .
 A real let down the pictures look so good , but in reality they are very small and get lost outdoors in a garden setting , the plants overwhelm them , good price but they are not very practical
 First one we purchased had to go back ... as soon as my daughter put it on the metal -LRB- really plastic -RRB- strap adjusters broke in half . We purchased another one ... those too BROKE in my hand . I thought maybe she was being too rough ... no it was cheap quality plastic ! Did n't have time to send it back so i had to sew it together since she had to have this for class.Would not recommend at ALL !!!!
 Leotard arrived & I was appalled to realize that the adjustable straps were broken ! the metal loops were completely broken-can ' t believe they would try to sell such a defective item . No wonder only $ 4
 this is her son sam -LRB- age 15 -RRB- , got the gun in about two weeks , it worked for a few shots then broke . i took it to a airsoft store to fix and they said a pin had fallen out an messed up the gears , and a piston had broke . this had really made me mad . it is going to cost almost $ 60 to get it fixed . it cost me almost half the guns price to get it fixed . cheap gun it would be better to go with an american made gun like ECHO1 USA , not a cheaply made gun in china or japan .
 This is a great product for people with IT jobs . I had difficulty getting it going I bought a new computer to run it better and this created a new set of problems . I 'm not an idiot with a computer and I found the entire experience extremely frustrating . The base program works for me now , but The webracing does not work for me anymore , but it does for others . I bought the program for webracing primarily since I already have a computrainer.They can not seem to figure out why it crashes . I get an e - mail question about my problem every 4 days or so . This company is just not on top of service issues.I am hoping someone else makes a better program that does the same this because when it did work , it was great . - Getting flabby
 OK , so this works as a hammock -- as advertised . I had one of these before , and the chief complaint I had with it was that the holes in the mesh are so large that long naps result in a painful mesh mark on which ever side was pointed down . BUT it worked great for a quick cat nap .
 First , the item description simply reads 20 feet ... the truth is the hammock is about 10 feet long from ring to ring and there is 5 feet or so of rope added to each end.Second , with approx . 7 ft of actual hammock I dont know how you could ever fit a ton of human flesh in it . I think I 'll use it to store my anvils . Argg!Third , it 's worthless for sleeping in without the addition of -LRB- homemade -RRB- spreader bars.BTWI own a dozen hammocks.I know what a good hammock is .
 Even my 5 ' girlfriend did n't fit in this narrow hammock , much less me at 6 ' . More trouble than it 's worth to return it -- I used the ropes as extenders for another hammock . Do n't buy this , you will be disappointed . Might be okay for a toddler .
 I know that 20 bucks isnt bad for a hoodie , but it feels so darn cheap.I 've gotten cheaper hoodies that feel thicker and warmer than this one .
 Not comfortable or a good fit . Worse fit after clothes dryer . Wish I had returned before washing .
 I bought this hooded sweatshirt thinking it was going to be of really good quality , it 's very thin and not a heavy-duty sweatshirt at all . I 'm very disappointed with the quality . If you 're looking for a light weight , thin sweatshirt then this is the sweatshirt for you . Blah .
 I am an average size guy , about 5 ' 10 '' 165 lbs . I ordered a size large of this sweatshirt . The length of it is too short -LRB- after washing it , it barely reaches the bottom of my belt in the back -RRB- . And the sleeves and width are too large . I think the sleeves are large enough to fit my thighs . And it is big enough around to fit two of my torso -LRB- but not two necks , since the neck hole is pretty small -RRB- . I have another hooded sweatshirt from a brand sold on Amazon . It is a size large , and the proportions are more reasonable.Also , the first time I washed this sweatshirt , the stitching around the pocket started unraveling . Pretty lame .
 I bought an extra large Russell Athletic Men 's Dri-Power Hooded Pullover Fleece Sweatshirt , Graphite and let me start off by saying I do n't have a fat neck . I put the jacket on and I felt as if I was being choked ... so if some one wants to buy this item I suggest getting a size bigger or just not buying it at all . I had to rip the neck part to where it . If I put the hood on it just looks funny now , sigh . how depressing .
 We needed 3 of this type of Sweatshirt and found one Big 5 but were unable to find the other 2 so we ordered them online from Amazon.com . The ones that we ordered were not as good of quality and thinner in weight , so was dissapointed in them . I do n't think that I will be ordering anything more through Amazon.com .
 Size is true , heavyweight material but pills after a couple washes badly . I have always bought Russell brand but never again . I purchased Hanes and am extremely satisfied with all their products .
 This review is being written 12/2/2012 for 3M ScotchBlue Painter 's Tape , 2-Inch by 60-Yard , 1-Roll , sold by third party vendors and fulfilled by Amazon on their website.I should have known better ... I tried this `` blue painters tape '' from 3M over 10 years ago , ruining a wall . Fast forward to today and the new & improved ; tape.First , paint bleeds under the edge of this tape . If I had not used tape at all , it would be a simple task to wipe away the excess with a cloth , impossible now that the paint is dried and tape is removed.Second , when removing , the tape pulls against the paint , leaving a rough edge that will chip later . In this case , it also pulled out some caulking , making a huge mess.The professionals rarely use painters tape , and I can see why . In addition to the two problem above , it is much slower to tape the whole area vs. just paint with a high quality brush that gives you precision at the edges you want to protect.The only use for this tape is to protect areas that are far away from the painting edge , such as to secure plastic drop clothes to areas that may receive drips .
 Do not buy the scotch painter 's tape with the orange writing on it . It will not stay down.My story
 It does n't seem to matter how much I press the edge in to the surface , I just can NOT get a clean paint edge with this tape . It was only super important to have a perfect line on one wall -LRB- accent color -RRB- , and I ca n't even get that one wall out of this tape . I 've done touch up about 4 times , and it 's not even a big wall!The only reason I did n't give 1 star is that this is the `` delicate surfaces '' tape , and it DID come off more readily than the regular blue tape . I 'm working over fairly old molding in places , and the regular tape left gunk , and took up the finish - this kind did NOT damage the molding at all .
 I recently put in bamboo flooring on my stairs and needed to paint the sides of the stairs where they were scuffed during installation . I used this `` Delicate tape '' , which did n't do anything like a painters tape should . It did n't stay put and was constantly curling up at the corners , the paint seeped through onto the new stairs . Lastly it actually removed a lot of stain -LRB- stained black by manufacturer -RRB- from the floor boards.Don ' t bother with the fancy tape names . Stick with the original . I can only assume that Scotch found a way to skimp on the glue and called it `` delicate '' . As a side note , I bought two of the other `` New Styles '' of tape , one which was supposed to keep lines crisp and straight . It did neither . It was worse than the Frog Tape , which does n't live up to its name either.I hope this review is helpful for others . There is nothing I hate more than touch up work when painting , and this tape , and the whole new line from my experience , creates a lot of touch up .
 This was the first airsoft gun I ever bought , so I did n't know much about airsoft then . Looking at this gun now , I see it is a terrible gun . When I shoot it , it only goes about 20-30 feet , it 's FPS is about 50 -LRB- Very slow -RRB- , it only hold 40 rounds , and it has terrible accuracy . If you are looking for a gun for a beginner , this may be for you . but if not , stay away from this gun .
 We had this gun for two days of light use before it jammed and stripped an internal gear . Now it 's a 20 dollar paper weight .
 pros.smallportablefastcons.bad stockall plasticunacuratejamscan come with cracksVERY loudto low ammo capacity for the speed not fast reloadcan barley tell you were shot with it from popint blank rangedid i mention unacurateit ist a 1 because it did show up lasted for about a week and was not totally busted when i got it .
 The thing jammed and started smoking in 10 minutes after like 2 seconds of it being on automatic . DO NOT BUY THIS . VERY VERY CRAPPY
 This gun is great for your six year old to play with in the backyard , but you 'll have to buy him another one after two weeks . If you want to do any kind of competition , NEVER BUY THIS GUN ! It will break after a couple of days . The bbs will eventually just spill out of the guns tip . It is made of poor quality plastic and will eventually snap . It was my first Airsoft gun and I had no idea what an airsoft gun was supposed to work like , and even i knew is was crap . After it breaks you can do two things . Return it which is pointless , or give it to your dog to chew on.DO NOT BUY IT ! IT IS A PIECE OF CRAP !!!
 If you are looking for secondary weapon for actual game , do not choose this gun.If you are a beginner and want to buy your first weapon for actual game , do not choose this gun . Go buy shotgun or something.BUTIf you are looking for a gun you can play with and shoot at your dog or something , choose this gun . This gun is a perfect toy .
 When i first got this gun it broke ! Its accuracy is bad . It only holds 30 rounds . DO NOT BUY THIS GUN !
 well i ordered this and everything went good.well until they called me and said they were out of stock for at least 4-6 weeks.and in the status it said shipped but i guess it wasnt.and they still havent put out of stock on the page.so im trying to help u out of a month and a half wait.DONT BUY THIS !!!
 this is an experienced airsoftr talking to you with years of experience with hundreds of different kinds of guns . i have a tip for you . never ever EVER buy a uzi airsoft gun . only buy it if u are a parent looking for a safe airsoft gun for your child . in battle , u should not use an uzi . it is not accurate in the slightest , and the best fps for an uzi that i have ever found , was about 180 fps . not good . that does not even sting at point blank . this is an authentic report .
 Thinking that this tank looked like cool workout wear , I took the gamble and ordered it . Beware that it runs very small . I usually wear a small or medium . I ordered the medium so that I 'd have room to move , but it is skin tight . Also the ribbing in the fabric runs crooked , making it look a bit cheap . It will be fine for sleep wear , but I 'd never wear it to the gym or anywhere else .
 The mailing was actually slow , but not too bad . The item , a men 's large down vest was H-U-G-E ! I bought it for my son who is 6 ' 2 ' and 190 lbs . It came nearly to his knees . Then , I returned it . Twice the seller sent me someone else 's e-mail message regarding the $ 90 credit to my charge , but I had requested a check which WAS an option . They said I had to get a charge account credit.Then they gave me only a $ 6 refund!After I got that straightened out , they did allot me the $ 90 I spent on it , but I still have not seen the refund on my charge . Did they send it to that other e-mail address ? Another problem .
 This basket it s hard to put up and it keeps on moving ... I tried to use it for my little dog and it could not hold him . My dog is only 6 pounds.It 's really made with cheap material. : -LRB-
 I would have given this just one star but I gave it two due to how easy it was to install . But , it got a low rating from me because of the quality of this particular basket . I bought it to replace my Wald Giant delivery basket which was to big for my needs , the quality of that basket was exceptional . This not so much , when i looked at it right out of the box it looked very flimsy especially the clips on the bottom of the basket . Its first test was a 100 mile 2 day trip where we were hit with rain for two days straight , any exposed unpainted metal rusted in a day and i live in the high desert not by the ocean . Then on the second day i put a small nalgene and my set of rain gear in and the clip that holds the support leg to the basket broke and I had to fix it with some bailing wire and tape . Overall im not happy with Wald and at this point I believe I wont be purchasing a basket of this style from them again .
 The product is fine . It did not fit my bicycle . After two emails , two phone calls and emails to Amazon , I have yet to get a return authorization that you must send with the returned item -LRB- or they send it back -RRB- . This is not the customer service I would expect from companies that partner with Amazon . Do not buy from this company if you are not quite sure it is exactly what you want .
 I just received this product . It is sturdy and should suffice ; attaching leg struts to basket was quick and simple , and the handlebar brackets are just fine . The problem is that nowhere in the description does it specify that it only works for a particular type of front wheel hub . There is no warning about not fitting a `` quick-release '' assembly , or requiring a different type of hardware for that . Either make it clear that the basket will not work for certain types of front wheel assemblies , OR be kind enough to supply the alternative hardware and alternative instructions . A couple brackets , a couple screws , and another 2 paragraphs of instructions could not cost more than fifty cents , and would go a long way toward making your product suitable for more people .
 Do n't hate this item but never purchased it , so why did you ask me to rate it . Thank you anyway .
 This would be a great product , if the screws fit properly . The long screw that actually mounts the unit to the bike was fine . But there are two shorter screws that assemble two arms to the mirror . These shorter screws were EXTREMELY tight . In getting these to go in all the way the unit cracked . I was still able to finish the assembly , but now with a cracked unit . So if this had the right sized screws for assembly it would have been great .
 I purchased the mirror a few weeks ago , and the purchase/delivery were fine . The mirror and frame assembled as directed . Just before my first ride the bike fell over as I was putting air in the tires , and the mirror hit something -LRB- ground perhaps -RRB- and cracked beyond useability . I checked the web site of the manufacturer and the replacement cost of the mirror alone was $ 5 , but the shipping was another $ 5 . The replacement cost of the mirror was almost the price I paid for the product in the first place.I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- explaining my situation -RRB- and was hoping they could send me a mirror with the shipping for $ 5 , and they refused . They suggested buying 2 mirrors as an alternative -LRB- to make the shipping more palatable ? -RRB- . Very disappointed with the response.Anyway , I feel that the frame and design is great , but the mirror is way too fragile for a product that is sold as a `` mountain bicycle mirror '' .
 i do not know how to install that . And it requires a lot of work . It is very hard to install that
 So , I got this mirror for my bike before I went to college . Well before a week was even up , it broke . The part that gets inserted into the handle bar snapped right off while I was biking . I did n't drop it or bang my bike around . It had been parked at the bike rack for a majority of that week .
 Simply put , if you think you can install this thing , go ahead . It is almost impossible to install . I had to cut out the handle bar end , but even then I could n't get this thing attached . The instructions included do not help . Avoid this product if you 're not a pro installer .
 Good news with this item . Easy to install and to adjust . But ... Bad news . Two screws supplied to put the mirror together did not fit the threaded inserts in the mirror body . Tried to tighten screws but seemed sure to strip the threads in the inserts.Luckily I have a tap and die set which allowed me to rethread the screws and chase the threads in the inserts . Problem seems to be poor quality control on screws - not correct threads . Manufacturer should have tested fit before shipping .
 It 's bad enough that it comes completely disassembled . But when I tried to assemble , per the enclosed instructions , the screws turned out to be too wide to fit the parts . Avoid .
 Lousy design - A : Park you bike and this will get bumped out of position in public places B : Just a few bumps and the connection permanently loosens C : Mounting position is idiotic for a GLASS mirror due to inevitable bike falls . .
 This is an edit of my review ... I must admit I did not like the assembly of this product , but once i got it on my bike and used it for many months I have to say that it has worked very well , and I have come to like it !!!! So , do n't hesitate to buy this product , just be prepared for a weird assembly process ... Pros : there is nothing i like about this product yet , i just finished assembling it and I am not looking forward to using it now.Cons : nearly impossible to assemble.the guy at the bike store actually told me not to worry about the design , `` its already assembled '' , i was going to ask , but why then all the diagrams on how to assemble on the box ?? Turns out its NOT assembled , and its nearly impossible to thread the bolts on this item . plus there are six -LRB- ! -RRB- washers for this one poorly designed mirror . This item was designed by a 10 year old and apparently they are in no hurry to redesign it . the instructions clearly state `` the cap screws are an extremely tight fit when screwed into the brass inserts ... `` Comments : the `` other '' bike mirror was out of stock at our store , now i know why , but why the store personnel push this product is beyond me ... . i am going back to the store to give them my review there as well.Why all the other reviewers give this product five stars ? am I the only one that could barely get the thing together ? I bet those reviews are all written by the same person at the company that makes this product . They all sound like they are written by the same person . I have no ax to grind about this company , except that poor design should not be rewarded ... if only Apple made one i would buy it and throw this one away .
 My gripe with this product has to do with the mounting hardware , a plastic wedge held inside the handlebar tube by a barrel nut and a long Metric bolt . The installation instructions advise tightening as hard as possible and not worrying about breaking the hardware . Fair enough , but woe to you if you ever have to reinstall the mirror -- when you replace your handlebar grips , for example.I was able to unscrew the bolt far enough to loosen the wedge and remove the mirror , but then the barrel nut got stuck . I had to use pliers to fully unscrew it . Obviously , I could not reuse the nut or the bolt after this.Not wanting to pay $ 6.00 for a bolt , a nut , and postage , let alone wait several weeks for Mirrcycle to send the parts , I visited my local hardware store . It turns out that barrel nuts and long Metric bolts are not available at retail , even in a good store with a fully-stocked Servalite bulk hardware aisle.I came up with the following solution
 Installation was easy and I was really surprised at how well I could see behind me . I had expected a lot more vibration - there is practically none . Tighten all the screws -LRB- there are 3 -RRB- enough so that they are snug but you are able to move the arms for adjustments . Getting ready to order another for my wife 's bike.UPDATE
 My last Mirrycle was purchased some 21 years ago and used on the same bike until recently when it broke.The same new one arrives from Amazon , must be made by exceptionally inferior manufacturer , the plastic simply broken into pieces when you tried to assemble the unit . I am now having a pile of broken plastics ...
 I broke the plug at the end of my $ 600 bike just to discover that inside of it was filled by the metal holding handle-bar soft cover .
 Do not purchase this product.It 's poorly engineered . I own a Trek 8.4 DS and the item got stuck in the handle bar . Try to look for other products before buying this . If you do , use the smaller `` wedge . '' The large wedge goes in , but it does n't come out .
 I mounted this mirror on my bike , and THE NEXT DAY I accidentally tipped my bike over on the side that the mirror was mounted on , and the mirror hit the ground . Luckily for me , the mirror is made out of glass and it shattered on impact . I guess this product is too cheap to be made with any type of shock-proof material . Oh well , $ 15 lost and a lesson learned .
 the mirror is nice but honestly i opened it about 2 months after getting it , just forgot it came , and its missing a screw to assemble and the mirror swivel SUCKS , so i wish for a refund but the window to do so closed
 I ordered this based on all the good reviews on this website . The package of parts received contained ill fitting bolts . Very poor quality . I will have to keep searching for a decent mirror and return this poor quality package .
 this mirror looks nice , securely mounts to bar end , the swivel movement is very snug and doesnt jiggle around . hower the convex mirror it terrible . its difficult to identify objects in mirror until they are very close upon you . the depth perception is not suitable for a bicycle . iv had my for over six months and im replacing it . great mirror in every way except for the convex mirror . if it had a flat mirror i would give it five stars . the convex mirror renders it virtualy useless .
 this mirror was easy to assemble and attach to my bike . i liked the way it looked and moved . it provided a decent view of what was behind me . the problem was that it broke the first day i had it . i dont recall hitting it on anything . must have bumped it when leaning my bike against something . i have seen a few others on other bikes and most of them were cracked also . my guess is that it is a cheap piece of crap . i will be buying a different one soon .
 My major problem with this is a screw on the mirror keep getting loosen and made it impossible tokeep the mirror in the proper position for long . I constantly have to tighten it . Very annoying !!!
 I really have only one gripe with this mirror.It 's made of a very hard and brittle plastic . This , when combined with expanding fasteners for the screws to spread apart when tightening , shatters with the slightest impact , and sometimes just from overtightening . I 've gone through 5 of these mirrors in less than a year . I first ordered one due to the good reviews and the appearance -LRB- in the photo -RRB- that it was flexible to reduce the chance of breakage . My bike is a commuter , and I usually park it on the centerstand , but every so often it falls over . Result , broken mirror.If you buy one , buy a couple spares . Otherwise , be very careful setting your bike down and do n't bump into anything with the mirror or it will break . I 'm switching to a more durable hinged model .
 It seems like it should be a decent enough product , however , the screws do not always fit the thread . Trying to assemble this , I have about half an inch of the screw that will not thread into the mirror fixture -LRB- yes , I am using the correct screws in the correct location -RRB- , leading the mirror to jostle freely and not stay in it 's intended position . I am very , very annoyed .
 I bought it for a cruiser and it just did n't get the job done . Neither did the other one that I tried . I am doing without one as I ca n't find one that will stay put .
 Not easy to put together or install . After more work than i was prepared to do for a bike mirror , it did not stay on , so I donated after a few users .
 It looks nice , was pretty easy to install - it was very hard to screw the bolts in , and it felt like the plastic would break , but the instructions said `` Do n't worry that it may break '' , so I went ahead . It was easy to adjust , and worked great the first couple of times I rode my bike . But then I leaned my bike up against a wall and the mirror tapped against the wall - not even a very hard tap , certainly something that would be impossible to avoid - and the plastic housing snapped into three pieces . The plastic is much too brittle for this use .
 I almost broke the thing trying to assemble it . you have to be very strong . otherwise , its an OK product .
 I 've owned three of these , but will buy no more ; it 's too easily broken . It was easy to install , and it 's not too hard to adjust.The biggest flaw is durability . I bicycle commute 16 miles a day , through a park and on city sidewalks . Even in this rather benign environment , this will get broken or wear out in a few months . The least impact at speed with bushes , tree branches , poles or other obstructions can crack the mirror or break the plastic mount.Also , a few months of adjusting the mirror via the friction mounts wears them out and the mirror will no longer hold position.I can not imagine these mirrors lasting more than 2 or 3 rides on mountain trails .
 They worked out OK at first but the quality was n't the best . after a short time they became loose and one even broke off , so i would look for a better one next time .
 There were a lot of tiny washers , long screws and nuts to put the mirror together and install ; however it was easy enough to figure out and the package provided an allen wrench . Viewing the pics of the product online , I thought the ribbed-looking arm piece was perhaps some of flexible plastic or rubber but its actual hard plastic or even wood maybe . I thought I would be able to bend the arm to get it in the rearview position I wanted , but that 's not the case . You have to pivot the hard plastic pieces . Not quite what I was expecting , but it 'll do for the price .
 After reading through a bunch of reviews I saw one stating that the included screws do not match the holes they are supposed to fit into requiring rethreading of the holes . I did n't want to believe this but when I assembled mine I discovered that this was definitely the case . I threaded the screws in anyhow figuring I probably would n't take it back apart again . The only screw that actually fit was the one that holds the whole unit in the end of the handle bar which is nice so I can remove it if I want to . The overall quality is mediocre at best and I would recommend buying something perhaps made out of metal . The plastic parts feel cheap and would probably brake quite easily if your bike were to fall over for whatever reason . Mine did not have a convex lens so I ca n't speak to whether it actually makes a difference or not . Just know that if you buy this product , you 'll get what you pay for , if not something less than what you pay for . The price felt right at the time but knowing what I know now I 'd spend a little more on a nicer piece of equipment . If you just want something cheap that 'll get the job done then this will probably suffice , just be prepared to deal with the screw problem by either replacing them with proper screws or straining a little extra when screwing them in .
 The shorter bolts that came with this do n't match the threads for their respective holes . Other than that it seems alright .
 With all good reviews I guess I am unlucky one . The cap screw does not fit mirror arm . I tried two of them and it does not fit.What a `` MIRRYCLE '' !
 My order came with the wrong screws or a bad nut thread , the thing is that one of the main screws just go 2 turnes in the nut inside the arm piece . Now I am trying to find the right screw for the piece .
 screws would not work would not fit like they were the wrong tread type could not use bought a much better product at Walmart cheaper and works better do n't buy this item
 Well , big surprise -- you get what you pay for . I got this set a year or so ago for about $ 5.00 . Ca n't complain on the price , but the smaller knife was garbage . It had a blade that just flopped limply about between the closed and fully opened -LRB- locked -RRB- position . And there was also a ding type flaw in the blade . Useless crapper . The big one is OK for a letter or box opener I guess , but no guarantees . I 've never used it . Winchester name is not wisely used here -- just another cheap Chinese import .
 I ordered the wrong one - this one can only be written on the one side . Pay a little more and get one that you can write on both sides . The other side is just an ad and is n't even blank to use the dry erase marker on and if you do try to write on the other side , it smudges and wo n't come completely off.SO ... spend a little more and get a double sided one .
 This clipboard is smaller than I had thought it would be . Either I did n't read the description well enough , or it was not what was published . Had to give it away .
 It started leaking after about 20 days and now it has a big gap . Not recommended at all .
 Its not worth . . it started to leak and loose air . . on the very first day.I returned it and got a replacement but still no change in its quality.not at all worth it .
 make sure you have an air pump that works on this product before you buy it . this sofa may be okay for makeshift use , but not for permanent . isnt perfectly balanced or comfortable . in fact i dont use mine anymore because there was a hole -LRB- a puncture -RRB- in the seat , in one corner , so that it is difficult to patch with duct tape . i remember the sofa used to tip slightly forward when i sat on it , so wasnt perfect . but it looks pretty decent when you 're not sitting on it .
 I was in a rush , and bought based on the picture ... and the word `` crowbar . '' But the lens shipped is not the one in the picture . And will not fit in my crowbar goggles . So I returned . But they did ship quickly , and the lens looked fine . Just the wrong one .
 Broke after a few times of playing with it . Took it apart to see what the problem was only to find that when cocked , the spring was held back by a tiny piece of plastic . Of course , this plastic piece snapped off from the force of the spring . Just a piece of trash . That 's as simple as it gets .
 dont buy this gun . honestly your better off with a sling shot . if you really want an air pistol i would save up 10 more dollars and get a smith and wesson m & p 40 co2 bb pistol . this gun barly goes in cans if you can even hit them . the gun shoots so far off to the left and down its not even funny . and that is if it even feeds . you probably have a 40 % chance its gon na feed . and cocking it is such a pain .
 THIS GUN IS ALMOST A GLORIFIED KID 'S TOY . MADE OF 99.9 % PLASTIC.ONLY SHOOTS TO 15FT MAX & BECAUSE IT IS SPRING LOADED IN VERY INACCURITE . SO DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . I AM TRYING TO GET A REFUND FROM AMERICAN WEB MALL .
 I could not find this at any dealer stores listed locally , so I bought it online . Upon recieving this I understand why no stores carried it . It is JUNK . Had I bought it at a local dealer , I would have returned it and asked for my money back . It shoots everywhere except where you aim it . It was a total waste of money and I would not wish this on anyone who wants an air pistol that shoots accurately .
 I 've had this model for maybe 15 years , so trust that it 's durable . It 's hard to load BBs down the BB sized hole though , unless like someone said you have three hands , and preferably one of those is the size of a gecko 's . I love the heft of the gun and the sound it makes when cocking it . However the visible arcing of the exiting shot quickly disipates any illusion that you 've blasted anything . When firing , the recoil of the spring jolts the gun - enough so that you 'll likely use two hands on it if you 're aiming at a small target . As for the lack of power , I hit a rabbit in the butt using this gun from about 12 feet away . It turned around and looked at me , still chewing a mouthful of my hostas . `` Hosta '' la vista baby - NOT !
 We saw some negative reviews but decided to buy this product anyway . Do n't do it ! That is , unless you are willing to send it right back . After we had no luck at all trying to scare the squirrels away , we finally realized it could not shoot straight at all and was essentially useless . Then the whole mechanism for loading failed to . In our case , this BB pistol was a piece of junk .
 I bought the pistol for my grandson for Christmas because he liked the one that I had . Mine was made out of medal and worked perfectly . I did n't knowthat the one I ordered was made out of plastic and would not work at all . BB 's go about three feet once in a while . I will not recommend this gun toanyone based on the one I received . My grand-son lost the paperwork or I would have sent it back the day after Christmas.Un-happily , Terry Bentley02/05/2013P . S . As for Amazon
 It 's hard to cock , it 's hard to load , it 's hard to shoot , and then it does n't even have power to penetrate cardboard . I wanted to give it to my wife , so she could chase rabbits , and stray cats out of her garden , but the effort to squeeze this trigger makes my hand shake too much to hit anything , I doubt if she could even squeeze a shot off . It looks real eneugh in a dim setting to possibly chase away an intruder . Though pointing a fake gun at someone is probably the best way to get your self shot , so I would n't recommend it .
 Have had 2 of these . Seems to have fair enough distance and aim for this type of pistol . However , both of ours were very difficult to load - wished for a third hand . Then the front locked up and could not be loaded at all.Just threw away the second one , and it was only 2 yr . old and not used much .
 The description says 100 % cotton , but the tag on each of the two pairs of shorts I received -LRB- different colors -RRB- says 50 % polyester/50 % cotton , and this is what they appear to be . Since Amazon.com can not get the description right for a pair of shorts , I guess I can not trust any of their descriptions . For an online retailer , this is serious , given the hassle involved in returning an item .
 shorts were ruined on the second day i wore them . the waist string broke . instead of being made by one continuous string , it was composed of 2 strings which were stiched into the waist band at the back of shorts and tightened in the front . as a result , when tightened , it came loose and was rendered useless . i believe i had the same problem with a pair of their sweatpants in the past . i will stay clear of their products in the future.let 's face it - you get what you pay for . russell athletic has lost a customer . low quality
 shorts looked and fit good but began unravelling along the waistband immediately.have had Russell apparel previously and had no problem
 When ordering I would suggest you consider a size smaller than what you generally wear . Not having a product specific size chart available here does not help . My poor rating is more influenced by the fact that the cloth used is quite thin and does not look like it will hold up to regular wear beyond a few months . Will post an update on the shorts longevity in around six months .
 I liked them at first , but I use bleach often around the house , and the color does n't hold up . Now they are a mess .
 Bought these shorts for a basic pair to wear and workout at a sports club . The price was good , but the quality of the shorts is lacking . Very light cotton material - not much to them , and the elastic waist string does n't have any strength or elasticity ... would n't buy them again ... . sorry : -LRB-
 For around $ 10 , I was not expecting a great pair of shorts , but I would not wear these in public.They are cheap looking , uncomfortable , and not very durable.If you are looking for inexpensive shorts , I STRONGLY recommend the Champion brand which is of much higher quality and comfort for the same price .
 The shorts were HUGE and baggy , dropping below the knees . Not suitable for working out at the gym . They were returned for credit .
 I ordered these shorts to replace my husband 's old pair of Russell shorts . Although I ordered the same size , the new ones were far larger , and the fabric was much thinner and lower quality than the older shorts . I sent them back .
 ... but , that 's just me.I think that these gym shorts are less than I have come to expect from Russell Athletic . Maybe Russell has a cheaper line of clothing to fill a low price niche.These shorts do n't look very stylish . They are a boxy looking cut with no real shape to them.Material is just OK and not very soft feeling . Hems are OK , I guess , but do n't look like anything special ; I wo n't be surprised if the hems begin to unravel . The Russell logo is an iron-on as opposed to the stich-on that they have used on other lines.Be aware that they are an 8 '' inseam so , depending on your height , they might not reach the knee.They look a size larger then tagged.I got these on an Amazon special price of $ 4.03 . I would n't pay more for them after seeing them.For me they 're OK for hanging around the house or for warm weather sleepwear . I wo n't wear them in public because of the boxy , short , oversized look of them .
 These were advertised as 100 % cotton . Some of them i received were and others were partly cotton and partly synthetic material . I love the all-cotton ones , but the hybrids I do n't . Too bad you ca n't get what you order . Buy at your own risk .
 I 've bought these shorts for years and used them as pajamas and for lounging around the house.I will be giving the three pair I just bought to charity.The fabric feels much lighter/scratchier/cheaper than my current pair . They are also about three inches longer . Embroidered logo is now an iron-on .
 I bought this shorts in an x-large for my husband . They were huge all over , including length . They looked like a tent.Do not recommend . It was shocking because some rating that I read prior to purchase said they ran small . That is absolutley not true . They had to be returned .
 The sizing of these shorts is a joke . Read all the reviews very carefully before buying - something has changed within the last couple years .
 Sometimes the XXL were a little confining while exercising , so I tried these in XXL . They were HUGE !!! I washed them in hot water a few times and they are still way too big . I then ordered XXL which were the original size I wore and they too are way too big . I have n't lost enough weight to account for the size change . It seems Russell has once again started to screw with their sizing . It may get to the point that I quit buying their products , online anyway .
 Let me start by saying that in my past experience I loved the shorts that I purchased in the past . I previously ordered a pair in light grey , and the dark blue ... they were well made , comfortable , and a real value . I was shocked to discover that by changing the color the quality would drop so drastically.They are very thin and poorly sewn . I discovered a large hole in the seam the first time I put my hand in my pocket . The Russell logo on the leg is a cheap iron on an d not the embroidered logo that is on the 2 previous pairs I ordered . Had I known they would differ from color to color I would have stuck to the colors I had before . These shorts are good for sleep shorts maybe but they are too thin and poorly sewn to wear out of the house . I am really disappointed .
 Nice fit and good price but they unravel fast!Thread comes right out of them.It is a dirty shame !
 Purchased two pair of these so-called athletic shorts . One pair after one day wear split at pocket seam . Amazon refunded total purchase price . # 2 short has been loose strings from waist and pockets . it has not split , but if this continues the short shall be a pile of string . I do not think I will buy anymore clothing @ Amazon .
 I liked these shorts when I originally got them but after one washing the stitching on one of the bottom hems began unraveling and came entirely out . Now I 'm just waiting for the material to fray . This is not the quality that I have known Russell for in the past and these are not cheap shorts . I guess that 's what happens when you move manufacturing overseas -LRB- these were made in El Salvador -RRB- . Russell used to have manufacturing in Alabama with fantastic quality . I certainly wo n't go out of my way to purchase Russell in the future .
 I have been looking for some cotton shorts that look good on me and these are not them . The crotch area is way too long . Most important , these are not 100 % cotton . I was under the impression that they were all cotton , being that they are supposed to be premium .
 I was very unhappy with this product . These are not the same quality cotton performance shorts that I bought a couple of years ago . The material was way too thin and the size was probably two sizes larger than indicated on the tag . I used to really like Russell products , what has happened to them ?
 Russell is using yet another off shore manufacture and the quality is not the same . The shorts are sized different then the past that I have worn for years . The waist to crouch is 3 inches longer and the crouch to leg is yet another 3 inches . The Russell R on the side is not stitched any longer but an iron on .
 I read the reviews about sizing and the shorts being too big but I did n't think that would bother me since I like larger shorts for working out . It is n't that these shorts are too big , the design is horrible.These shorts have an 18 '' rise and an 8 '' inseam that still takes the hem to just above the knee . Take a minute to imagine an 18 '' rise ... you can pull these shorts up to your arm pits !
 I recently ordered graphite color which supposed to be 100 % cotton -LRB- only oxford color that mentioned as 42 % cotton -RRB- . But this one came as 50 % cotton and 50 % polyester . Had I have not tear up the packaging , I would return it instantly .
 these are just way too flimsy ... the thread comes loose after a wash ... the seams are not strong at all . not happy .
 Put sand in the base as recommended on the package . Blew up the bag without incident . Placed the bag on the floor for my 5 year-old to start hitting , and sand appeared on the floor . The cap sealing the sand compartment on the bottom had torn away already from bag . Very poor design of that cap , just a seem tore perhaps when transferring from my lap when filling to the floor . We did do the duct-tape solution as ca n't return , but would recommend looking elsewhere for a bop bag .
 This expensive for what it is toy hasnt held air since we first blew it up . My kid is depressed because they had been waiting for it to get here and its garbage.My opinion of Amazon is not reflected in this review . Amazon.com is the only site that I order from online . All my other purchases have been wonderful . Thank you Amazon .
 I was so excited to have Santa bring this home to our three year old . He is such a big superman fan . By the end of the first night we were having to re-inflate again . By morning the poor thing was on the ground . We kept up the process for about a week and then it just got to be too much work . Too bad , this would have been great .
 I bought this watch a few years ago . I like the luminous dial , and it has proven to be an accurate and rugged watch . I am disappointed that after a few years the plastic watch band cracked and was no longer usable . Given the price of this watch , and all the military specifications Luminox claims to meet , I did not expect this to happen . I assumed this must have been a defective watch band . When I contacted Luminox to point this out , and asked if they would replace it , they sent me a very curt and direct message in which they stated : `` The warranty does not apply to the band , crystal , crown , bezel or battery . `` In looking for a replacement band , I discovered that authorized Luminox distributors sell them for $ 39.00 . I think this is bit ridiculous for a watch band that only lasted a few years . I 've bought complete Timex digital watches for less than the price of this band , and never had the watch band break . In shopping around , I found a Timex watch band made for Casio watches that looked like the original Luminox watch band . I bought it for $ 8.87 at Wal-Mart . While I still like the Luminox watch itself , I 'm very unhappy with it coming with either a defective or very cheap watch band . I 'm also very unimpressed with Luminox 's customer service . Given my experience , I 've come to the conclusion that Luminox watches are overpriced , and their service is poor . If I could do it all over , I would n't buy this watch again .
 I was very excited when I placed this order . Even after reading all of the bad reviews , I thought this has to be a good watch for the price . Especially with all of the military specs the company brags about . I received my first watch and could not move the crown . I emailed and tried to call Luminox support . No one would call or email me back `` RED FLAG '' ! I then sent the watch back and got a second Luminox replacement . It arrived and just was not a quality watch . I was afraid to get it wet . My final verdict is read the reviews . I think this was originally a good watch company , but due to it 's mass production it has gone the way of the dollar , not the customer . End note ; Cheaply made watch and bad customer service !
 I bought this watch a few years ago . I like the luminous dial , and it has proven to be an accurate and rugged watch . I am disappointed that after a few years the plastic watch band cracked and was no longer usable . Given the price of this watch , and all the military specifications Luminox claims to meet , I did not expect this to happen . I assumed this must have been a defective watch band . When I contacted Luminox to point this out , and asked if they would replace it , they sent me a very curt and direct message in which they stated : `` The warranty does not apply to the band , crystal , crown , bezel or battery . `` In looking for a replacement band , I discovered that authorized Luminox distributors sell them for $ 39.00 . I think this is bit ridiculous for a watch band that only lasted a few years . I 've bought complete Timex digital watches for less than the price of this band , and never had the watch band break . In shopping around , I found a Timex watch band made for Casio watches that looked like the original Luminox watch band . I bought it for $ 8.87 at Wal-Mart . While I still like the Luminox watch itself , I 'm very unhappy with it coming with either a defective or very cheap watch band . I 'm also very unimpressed with Luminox 's customer service . Given my experience , I 've come to the conclusion that Luminox watches are overpriced , and their service is poor . If I could do it all over , I would n't buy this watch again .
 I ordered the Original Wrist Rocket Slingshot with Brace on December 8 , and that time , it was pictured with a molded integrated handle grip . The item shipped was like the one now pictured . When I emailed the company about returning it , they changed the photo , then told me if the item was like the photo , they would charge me a 15 % restocking fee . I am taking action againt this vendor .
 Wrist-rocket , Marksman or Trumark , these are simply terrible slingshots . The wrist brace blocks all possibility of learning the lightening fast ` intuitive shooting ' skills we all aspire to . Equally important , all tubes -LRB- like those used in Trumark designs -RRB- have a high drawing weight but really low power output for the effort . Fine if you want to pretend you really could hit something over 10 feet away , but ... in 2012 , Bands rule -LRB- and have for a long time , actually -RRB- . Check out simple-shot . com . Or search ` slingshot ' on YouTube ... there 's a big world of slingshots out there , and traditional designs really have proven better . And way nicer looking , too !
 This is nothing like the true old fashioned `` wrist rocket '' slingshot . This pathetic thing wo n't send a .38 cal steel ball more than 40 feet . Might be good for hunting hampsters from 5 feet .
 The bands seem like they will break after little use . The metal frame seems to be made out of a light metal so it does n't have a strudy feel .
 Let me begin this review by saying that I have a rare condition that causes all slingshots to look like cucumbers to me . Despite this fact , I was still very disappointed to open up my package from Amazon and discover that I had received a slingshot , not a cucumber . It looked EXACTLY like a cucumber in the photo on the website . Yes , I know I have a condition that causes me to see cucumbers in the place of slingshots , but I was so sure that this one was a cucumber , not a slingshot . I mean , look at the photo on the Amazon website - that 's a cucumber , right ? Amazon should not put a picture of a cucumber on the product page of a slingshot . If it 's a slingshot , put a picture of a slingshot . Not a cucumber . It 's very confusing !
 Elastic drys out and breaks in a short period of time . Needs some kind of rubber that holds up . When i was a kid we used bike tubes they worked
 Purchased FSX-2000 SLINGSHOT in December . I read all of the directions that came with the product and used the rubber band sealant or protectant or what ever they call it just as directed . I live in Ohio so it was March before I got to use it . During that time it was stored in a cabinet in my basement , away from light and the elements . I went on You tube and viewed video on how to use the slingshot and started shooting with it approximately 3 times a month from March to July . I shot approximately 50 to 100 times with it until July 4th . At that time the bands started coming off of both posts and would not stay . I sent eamil to the company and got a response of `` its been 6 months why did n't you contact us sooner , if your over 6 feet tall you probably stretched the bands to far , you did n't use the sealant/protectant properly '' essentially giving me about 5 paragraphs of why it was my fault . I responded with `` you 've got to be kidding me , I emailed you 15 minutes after I used your product and it failed '' the reply I got was an animated gif of geese flying off into the sunset . The Slingshot is poorly engineered and not worth the money . My advice is use google and research what your buying . If I had I would n't be writing this now . As soon as these guys have your money your forgotten .
 About the only thing this was good for was plunking cans at very short distance . Would not buy again . But the price was right .
 The item was not as pictured . Instead of a hard ergonomic plastic handle as shown in the picture I received a thick rubber hose drawn over metal framing . This made it very hard to get a good grip of the slingshot . Very disappointed . Shipping time was O.K.
 This item came in pieces . It did n't even last an hour and my son had brocken the end off of it . For the money that we paid , you would think it would be built better to withstand boys playing with it .
 this gun ... is the worst gun ever ... i got 2 of these because the 1st one i got was used ... the barrel was cracked and it did n't come with the extension barrel ! this gun goes about 50ft ... if that and about 10ft . before it curves ... SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE !
 This gun was very cheaply made and not very durable . This gun in my opinion is not even worth $ 5.00
 AS SOON AS I GOT IT FIRST SHOT IT BROKE IT IS THE WORST GUN ITS GOOD IF YOUR 3 WORST GUN CHEAP PLASTIC I RETURNED IT AFTER DO NOT GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 ive got a handgun with more fps than this and it cost 20 dollars .80 bucks is a ripoff for a such a horrible gun.scope doesnt work , lazer sucks , stock is made of cheap plastic -LRB- just like the whole gun , only cheaper -RRB- , and the bipod is the best part of the gun i saw . so i took it of and replaced my other snipers cheap bipod with it.worked well , but then the whole ak sniper thing was completly crap.oh yeah , itjammed in the first airsoft war i used it in and then later that night all the bbs jammed shot out full force in my bedroom , so i have no idea wats up with that
 THe gun is crap . I got it for a heckuva cheap price , so I went out back , I loaded the bbs in which was a pain in the a $ $ , pull the trigger . Nothing . again , again . Nothing . So I give the magazine a gentle push into the feeder . CRACK . The barrel snaps off . I threw it at the wall . I was pretty pissed for rest of the day .
 If you ever encounter this gun dont buy it go out to eat or save the money for something better I 'm beggin you . Its not durable the scope is a plastic tube and the laser donse n't line up dont buy it
 This -LRB- spring warrior -RRB- is junk if you want to waste your money buying garbage this is for you the bipod broke the first time I used it the scope is not a telescopic no wonder the only desist thing in this is the laser .
 i bought this gun directly form hoobytron for 17.99 i had to pay 15 bucks shipping!i got it two and a half weeks later then the two week shipping period ! when i got it the bipod stunk it fell apart and they laser site fell apart the barrel broke also.When i took the gun i cocked it and shot it agisnt my skin and i barley felt it this gun is at the most 150fps . also i shot it a someone about then feet away from me in perfect weather and i missed -LRB- and im not a bad shot -RRB- also the scope has no lenses for magnafication . if you are buying it for a friend or son or anyone you like DO NOT BUY THIS GUN , YOU WILL BE DIAPOINTED !!!!!!!!!!
 when i got the gun i was all excited , i took it out of the box and the first thing i noticed was that it smelled like dung -LRB- seriously -RRB- ... so i took it out and shot it a few times it seemed good.the next day I started shooting it again and inoticed that the range had somhow decresed to like 30 ft -LRB- no joke -RRB- . Then after that the orange tip broke off -LRB- not a big problem -RRB- but than when i shot it againits range had gone down to 25ft . also the `` scope '' is just a tube with plasticcrosshairs . the gun is cheaply made and i would not buy it .
 Simple . If your child is under the age of 10 and you want him to have a start in Airsoft , This piece of ... . is good for nothing other than to make him/her cry in 5 minutes when it is busted .
 You call this a gun . It would be better at holding toilet rolls , which would suit the smell . I need a substantial gun to stand up to the rigours of jungle and desert warfare . This is why I bought an AK 47 , which has seen numerous theatres of warfare , such as the Bay of Pigs , and the Jungles of Vietnam . In both cases the gun was on the winning side and rightly so.This gun just goes to show that poor American build quality is the bane of modern warfare .
 The gun looked cool but dont let that decieve you its smelt grotesk -LRB- smelt like donkey bum -RRB- its wasnt good smellin buy it cuz its kool like marshmellos.Theeeeee End ?
 I 've owned this watch -LRB- the black one -RRB- for about a year now . I did not purchase the foot pod accessory.The watch has on 4 occaisions gone ` all black ' lighting up every pixel on the face . When this happens you have to do a ` reboot ' holding all 4 buttons down simultaneously until the watch resets . Of course all your data needs to be reentered.THe watch has also mysteriously reset to March 24 , 2005 on 4 or 5 occaisions -LRB- 10am I think -RRB- . The time and date are all messed up but it keeps your personal info.The problem appears to be on the RS200 only . Check out the posts on runnersworld for many , many more disatisfied customers before making a decision on this watch .
 As a monitor it was fine . Did what I wanted and all . Then the battery died . To not void the warranty I had to send it to the company , rather than go to any jewelry store like others let you do . How much just to change a battery ? $ 60 !! $ 60 just for a new battery !! So after I got over that and the weeks of not having it -LRB- ! -RRB- I went back to using it . Great and fine again until it started fogging up on the second run . Talked to Polar and their response ? Well it 's cracked
 Have always been a fan of Polar products untill I bought the RS.I have used for more than a year now the RS 200 and it has been a `` nightmare '' so far , with 3 times to warranty repair centers with out any solution and a lot of patience and time.Apart from sync problems , the main issue is that the monitor freezes sudenly in the middle of your workout . And all previous and current data and workout information is lost . You have to start from day zero.I wish the customer care service was better and did solve the problems , but they keep saying that they do not know what is happening . It is a shame for Polar company . I am looking for another brand right now.Best RegardsAFAP
 When it was working , I liked this watch , because it did everything I wanted . It measures my heart rate , works as an alarm clock.I am a beginning runner , and most of the time use this watch in the gym.However , I 've only had this watch for a year before it broke . I wore this watch when I swam , and in jacuzzi , and one day the screen started to blinked out , and I thought it was the battery being low . And then I went to hot spring , and after one day , the water got into the watch , and the watch was dead . When I tried to replace the battery , hoping it would work again , and found out the battery was corroded already , meaning it got water into the battery before I went to the hot spring.Therefore , I am very hesitant about getting it again.The other thing I did n't really like was the data transmission . The watch makes this buzz sound , and thru . this very 70 century technology , it sends your workout summary via voice codes to your computer . Anyway , I tried it once or twice and were n't able ot make it work , so I give up.Right now the watch is selling for less than $ 90 , when I bought it less than 2 years ago , it costed me $ 200 . So , would I pay $ 90 for another watch like this ? Maybe , but still it 's far from perfect .
 Let see.Shipped with a dead battery.Put in a new battery . Sucked it dry in a week.AlsoPlease note that I have read the directions : Top left button is useless . Should illuminate . Never worked.GUI . aka Interface is all over the place . You get to a section and it wont let you back out . Mine has been stuck in stopwatch mode for a week now . It has taken 48 separate time splits without my asking it to.I hate my watch . Im ready to throw it out if it wasnt so dam expensive . Thanks for nothing Polar .
 I have owned older Polar hear rate monitors , my favorite was the S210 . Is really cheaply made , belt is integrated into the watch , which is a very bad design , since the belt will be worn out with a year of usage . Overall , I think Polar products have gotten worse over the years . I am glad to see competitor like Garmin with much better products capturing the market they deserve .
 I previously owned a Polar HRM , but lost the belt . Decided to buy the RS200 on march 2008 . After a year of working very well it starte to take several tries for it to find a heartbeat . I Changed the battery onn the chest monitor about a month ago worked well for a couple of days an then died on me.I find that for 180 bucks it 's lifetime should be at least 3 years.If you 're buying this be ready to shell another 180 bucks in about a year and a half .
 This is my third polar watch . I 'm back from the old days when they were made in Finland.Bought this watch as a replacement for my old S210 -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Polar-S210-Heart-Monitor-Watch/dp/B00075MGP0 -RRB- . The BAD :1 . Watch is totally plastic . Of course , I 'm aware it is not scratch-resistance , but comparing to my old S210 , quality went way down .2 . Watch has poor sensor reception ; several times even the thread mill manages to receive the heart rate information better and it is not an interference problem , since I am far for other runners and no other environment problems I can notice .3 . Three-line display poor customization ; for instance I can not set Total Time + lap time + heart rate . It is tied to these pre-defined sets one has to choose from .4 . `` Please wait '' message - come on , Polar ; this is not a smart phone !!! Whenever you finish an exercise session , you have to deal with an up-to-10-seconds message .5 . Overall software
 DO not reccommend unless you plan to wear a t shirt or some kind of undershirt with this polo . : - -LRB-
 Wants to sell golf gloves , but does n't state a size in the description !!! Very difficult to buy since hands are NOT all the same size !!!
 Shipping and handling cost is somewhat as much as the product cost . You will have a chance to see the actual S&H ; before you confirm payment . However , if you use Amazon one click to order this item , you will not have chance to say no.Product wise , this is a good product
 I tried buying this ... keyword is tried because the company never actually sent it to me . About a month after the order I placed a review down ... they called me and tried to buy me off with free BB 's with the gun . If you want to buy an airsoft rifle dont buy this one . Airsplat is one of the worst companies I have ever worked with . Instead of resolving an issue they try to buy you off .
 I have been on a mission to find a cooler that does not leak . After purchasing 2 coolers within a month 's time , both different brands , I decided to try my luck with the Igloo . It 's terrible . The lid does not screw on , it 's a pressure fit . I knew this when I bought it . The carry-handle helps to keep the lid in place . Although there is no problem with the lid coming off , it leaks everywhere around the rim when you transport it . I found this out the hard way when I filled it with Kool-Aid and ended up with a car mat soaked with red KoolAid ! This is by far the worst of the 3 coolers that I have tried . The first one was a 2 gallon Rubbermaid -LRB- leaks around the rim -RRB- and the second was a 2 gallon stackable Coleman cooler -LRB- leaks around spout -RRB- . If anybody can recommend a cooler that does NOT leak , I 'm all ears !
 I bought this watch for a girl obvious red , the invoice said red , but the watch I receive is black ... no comments
 This is really nothing more than a laminated computer print out , using legal sized paper . Hardly a poster , save yourself some money and make it yourself at Kinkos or something . Also , some or the exercises are miscategorized .
 I ordered this to host poker gatherings at the house . The box came looking like it came through a war zone . the delivery driver even commented on the condition . Hoping the table top was still in tact I opened the remains of the box and removed the table top . The zipper pulls of the nylon carrying case were both broken , the table appeared to me to have been used . The felt had black stains about 6 inches around in several places . I am a frequent buyer on amazon and am grateful for their ease of return in case of experiences like this .
 I received this unit with no bulb . Nowhere does the ad suggest that the bulb is extra or is the bulb offered separately . Upon contacting Amazon customer service I was offered a $ 10 refund to obtain a bulb locally as they were unable or unwilling to provide the bulb . After spending the better part of an afternoon finding a bulb -LRB- there were no bulb specifications included -RRB- , the best price I could find , for the bulb only , was $ 25.00 . So beware ... this nice little led reading light that seems like a good value ended up costing me nearly $ 60 not counting my time , gas , and aggravation . Amazon does not stand behind products on their pages .
 Luminox has a two year warranty . After 11 months the stem came completly out of the watch . Luminox would not fix it under warranty because they said Amazon was not an authorized dealer . Beware .
 At least Timex customer service gets the watch back in under a month.I bought the watch the end of March . By June the crystal had a crack in it . It 's not like I 'm a rock climber -- there was no impact of which I 'm aware . Luminox customer service makes it clear that the crystal is n't covered -- but it will take over a month for them to replace it -LRB- for $ 65 with shipping ! -RRB- and get it back . Really sorry that I bought this watch .
 Do n't believe that just because they put a Navy Seals emblem on the watch that it will withstand the rigors of hard training . The LUMINOX 3900 series is an overpriced piece of crap !! I bought it because I liked the simple , conservative and practical design for a field watch ... not a flavor flav watch on my wrist like the crap retailers push nowadays . So , shortly after putting it on my arm and I started wearring it during OCS training , it broke . It broke when I low crawled through the muck and through the `` Quiqley '' -LRB- if you are a Marine Officer , then you know what I am talking about -RRB- . I was pissed off and it sat in the original jewelry watch box it came in . I went through a bunch of watches and nothing lasted . So , I figured I would give it another shot . I had it repaired by the only authorized Luminox repair shop -LRB- Saltzman 's repair -RRB- in the U.S. With parts and labor it came to approx . $ 260 to repair . Trust me , it is expensive to repair for this Marine . Guess what ? It broke again ... a year later . I was n't even in training . I was recovering from my second spinal surgery and I just used it as a plain time piece on my wrist . It broke again when I used the knob to change the time . I will be damn if I pay another dime to get this piece of trash fixed !! My old Casio from High School lasted a lot longer and went through more abuse than this piece of Cr@p!!! They need to take the Navy UDT/Seal emblem off of it because it does n't deserve to wear it !
 This band is defiantly not for water , it remains wet for hours and catches bad odorI had to replace the band.The watch is also disappointing looks more a toy watch than a military .
 Bought two , each developed a leak in less then a month . Very disappointed in quality of merchandise.Quick delivery and well packaged .
 I take my lunch to work every day to save money . I bought these packs at our local Target and I 'm the ONLY one who uses them , so I know the care that 's been given to them . One day , less than 30 days after buying them , I noticed that the outside of my sandwich bag had blue streaks on it . I was mystified as to WHERE it was coming from , thinking my blueberry yogurt had leaked . Fortunately for me , the discoloration was on the outside of the sandwich bag , so I could eat my lunch . When I returned home at the end of the day , I opened my small lunch pail cooler to clean it out and refreeze the bags , only to find a quagmire of blue goo all over the inside of my lunch pail !!! I still could n't figure out where it was coming from -LRB- hey , it took me a second ! -RRB- until I read `` Blue Ice '' on the split open bag and then it was a `` D'Oh !!! '' moment . BOTH of the bags had broken open and leaked and were immediately rinsed and tossed into the recycle bin . I went to Walmart the next day and bought 4 Coleman Ice packs . Five months later , they are working brilliantly with NO LEAKS !!! NOTE
 THIS WAS NOT AS GOOD AS I HAD HOPED . I LIVE IN THE CAPITAL OF NOWHERE GROCERY SHOPING IS 65 MILES , A GOOD GROCERY STORE IS 150 MILEM ONE WAY , SO COOLER CHEST WITH ICE PACK ARE A WAY OF LIFE , NOT IMPRESSED WITH THESE AT ALL
 I 've read the comment about how easy it is to use this item . As well the breaking load of the webbing is mentioned , but I 'm sure that the hook as well as the ratchet do n't have this breaking load . Especially in a country like the USA is this a dangerous thing.I hope that this will prevent people getting big troubles if the load on their car falls down and causes accidents with personal damage .
 Our grandson is barely four years and of average size for his age , yet the batmobile is much too small for him . For a kid who loves batman , it is intriguing and he did try to use it as he pretended to be the batman of his imagination . But after just 2 or 3 days , he gave up and returned to his tricycle . As a result , except for the initial 2 or 3 days of limited pleasure he got out of it , the batmobile has been a waste of money . On the other hand , for a child of 3 , it should be fun , I think , for at least awhile .
 This item had a description for ages three and up . This is n't even close . Now I 'm stuck with a toddler toy for a five-year-old who is so attached to the fact it 's a Batmobile he can get in , even if his knees practically knock at his chin , that I 'll never pry it from him . He 's only going to be able to even get in it for probably two more months . It was a complete waste of money . It 's suited for two to three-year-olds and small four-year-olds .
 The product description is very WRONG ! They lie !!!!! The product is -LRB- ... -RRB- to small . The car is for toddlers . The age limit should be 4 years old .
 I would not recommend this product for anyone over 3 & 1/2 years -LRB- unless small for their age -RRB- . My 4 yr old son -LRB- 36lbs -RRB- got it for his birthday , and broke the steering wheel within 10 minutes . There is plenty of room for him on the seat and inside the car , but its been `` parked '' since broken . I wish we would have spent the money on something that would have lasted . The plastic seems cheaply made . The voice buttons and noises are loud and work well . Stickers have already started to flake/peel off after 1 month . Consider a bigwheel !
 The concept is perfect . It is small but fit my bigger 3 year old okay . The pedal mechanism is difficult to master , but doable . The steering is for slight turns not any sharp turns . I rated this item 2 stars because the box was obviously opened prior to me receiving it . It most likely was a returned item . It was also defective with the metal rod for the pedal mechanism totally disassembled . I fixed it but then the other medal metal rod came apart as well . The product is very cheaply made , but the sound effects and look is perfect for a Batman lover . I have written to EToys , and I will see how they respond . My sons loved the car nevertheless .
 I bought this cooler at Wal-mart a day ago with the purpose of having my neighbor fill it with filtered ionized kangen water . To my dismay the spigot is poorly designed and slowly drips out . I walked into my kitchen for a glass of water and ended up with a big headache , water was all over the kitchen !!! Maybe I just got a defective product but judging from another reviewer with a similar problem it seems like a reoccuring problem . I will never buy another Coleman cooler again ...
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 When I bought this cooler it came in a box and the part for the cupholder was glue on not properly and i believe it use . do n't buy from them .
 My friends and I bought this bag seeing the low price and the glorious 100 liter space . The load balancers broke for one of them at the start of the trek and another broke for another bag while returning back.Also the bag bites into the neck and is uncomfortable and you are forced to look at the ground while walking , unless you cut off the handle grip which is what I did.Overall it is poor design and suggested for cheap low weight baggages only .
 I ordered this product from a third-party partner . While the tank was of excellent quality , there is a distinct sizing issue with the product . I received a medium , but the cut of the tank is either a large or extra large . When I put it on , I am literally swimming in it -LRB- yes , I am a medium with a 31 waist and 44 chest -RRB- . Since there is no sizing information on Amazon or at Athletica 's site , it is impossible to guess how these items will actually fit once received . I elected to keep it and just wear it around the house rather than at the gym , but I am very disappointed and wo n't be ordering from anything from Athletica again .
 I can not believe two things : first , the item is too large ! I buy a medium one , but it came like LX!second , when I return it back with $ 5 shipping , it came back again with a label said that I am late for returning ! It came to my house in march 17 , and it return at the company at Apr 12 . It out of return time ?? I had better read the all the review first , I can not believe this kind of company exit so long!never buy anything from them !
 This shirt I ordered did not look or fit the description I saw in the ad . I did return this item to get a refund . Sorry
 Sizing is very small . Worn once ... washed ... too small to wear again . Flimzy and not well made . Would n't recommend to anyone .
 The shirt is made very well , high quality , HOWEVER the sizing is all wrong . I ordered an Xtra large and a Large ... both seemed to be a child sized ... needless to say , my husband couldnt fit them Dont waste your money on these shirts . The merchant was a fast shipper , I had no problems with the transaction at all , however instead of dealing with the hassle of returning them , I just gave them to goodwill .
 No very what we expected the shirt is heavy cotton , okay , I guess , but the appliques looked a little cheap .
 The racquet is in good condition looks great , but the grip it is not the same as picture discribed . DISSATISFIED .
 Wow ! I guess I got what I paid for . When I saw this item , I was amazed by the ridiculously low price for an `` indestructible blade '' . My first impression was , `` Hey , I can use that for a spear point if nothing else '' . I read all the details and descriptions . What got me was that they showed the item WITHOUT the packaging . Had they showed it in the package it came in , it would have been very obvious that this was NOT an item I wanted . The wording on the front of the package reads as follows
 I ordered this thinking it was the Belarus scope mount in the picture , but instead they sent me a UTG scope mount . If they are incapable of sending the right product they should n't be in business at all . I will never order from them again .
 the top is not level and is angled up so much so that close a could n't ajust it out with my scope and just trashed it
 If you came here to buy a bike lock , turn around now ; here be demons . Although they give you three keys , they only give you one lock , which incidentally does not actually unlock . If you do want to lock something and leave it there to the end of time , then buy this lock . If you want to utilize the aforementioned thing , then do n't buy this scam .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 This gun is plasticky it 's flimsy . It does have a that realistic fell like a real gun would have . The hammer and all other details that would be on a real gun does n't work only the release mag and safe . Im very disappointed and returning it . DO N'T BUY THIS GUN !
 This gun is weak at its best . . Didnt come with instructions and it could barly put a hole in a piece of paper ... good gun for a 5 or 6 year old ...
 This paint sucks but if you want to hurt people this is what you want to buy .
 Spent at least an hour trying various methods to get the Grip-N-Rip over an adult softball bat knob . Yes , before even starting I 'd seen the instructions on their web site . Failed . Again and again . Tried boiling some water and heating up the Grip to loosen it up . Failed . Again and again . Finally just cut it with a scissors , put it on the end -LRB- does n't fit tight , of course -RRB- and put some tape over it . It 's an inexpensive product so I did n't expect much , and I 'm using it on an extra 28 oz . bat my team has -LRB- an old aluminum -- we just bought a composite -RRB- so it 's no big loss . Nonetheless , be prepared for some difficulty getting the Grip on the bat and if you lack patience or are quite evidently the wimpiest guy on Amazon , you 'll end up writing a review like mine .
 The advertised 5 `` x14 '' Taylor Made Bass Boat/Low Freeboard Boat Fender at Amazon.com by Grady 's Ace Hardware is actually a 4 `` x16 '' Taylor Hull Gard Fender . I found out after placing my order and immediately emailed Grady 's to cancel my order before it was shipped . Despite my request to cancel , Grady 's shipped my order the following day , then notified me via email to refuse delivery so the item would be returned and they would provide a full refund . Four weeks after refusing delivery , with assurance from USPS Postal Service that package would be returned to Grady 's , no refund has been received and Grady 's has not responded to numerous emails .
 I used this glove for about two weeks and there is a significant amount of wear in the grip of the glove and a seam opened up in the index finger near the knuckle . Additionally its not padded well enough and I 've gotten blisters and sores through the glove .
 I have been playing racquetball and wearing racquetball gloves for 30 years . This glove 's material is as grippy as I have ever experienced . However , the seam design and seam cut on this glove is TERRIBLE . If you look at the second image on Amazon 's entry for this product , you will see that the thumb piece for this glove has a seam that comes to a point in the upper left of the picture , just above where one 's thumb meets the palm . This is a natural pressure point when holding a racquet . My skin ripped away at that point within 20 minute of my first match . Later I was able to carefully trim the excess fabric along the seam , so that now the rubbing is merely slightly painful rather than skin-ripping . It is possible that this problem was caused solely by the sewing and is specific to the glove I received rather than the entire model , but it turned what would have been a 5-star glove into a 2-star glove .
 I recently bought the Gaiam 4mm Eco Conscious Rubber Yoga mat in orange color because i want to practice my yoga on a environmentally friendly high quality mat . After receiving this mat , i am EXTREMELY disappointed . I feel cheated . They claim that it is 4mm , but i measured it to be 2mm between the bumps and maximum 3mm on the bumps . The mat is very flimsy , stretchy and slippery . After 1 use it looks like it is rubbing apart.Gaiam claims that it is a natural rubber mat , but it sure does not feel like a natural rubber mat . I have used a natural rubber mat at my studio , but it is completly different that this mat . Even my instructor questions whether this is actually a natural rubber mat , since it feels so different than the high quality natural rubber mat at the studio . If i wanted a cheap mat , I would have just bought one of the low quality PVC mats . I should have spent the extra $ 5 - $ 10 and bought a mat from a company that is know for their quality . Dont make the same mistake i made !
 I was very disappointed with this shirt . It 's plain goofy and weird ; if you want to look like a mad scientist Vikings fan this is the perfect attire .
 I was very disappointed with this shirt . It 's plain goofy and weird ; if you want to look like a mad scientist Vikings fan this is the perfect attire .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I purchased this Weems & Plath Endurance Collection 085 Comfortmeter in April , as a gift for my mother . I think I spent $ 99 for just this item , about $ 300 for the set . For this astounding price , I was expecting an heirloom-quality , European-manufactured , quality item . My mother called today to say that the clock was n't working . After inspecting the clock , and finding out that it was made in China , I looked at the other pieces and found out that they too are made-in-China movements .
 Lasted 1 Game ... I bought 5 gloves all tore in the first games ... I cant believe how bad it was , it was so Awful
 My glove did n't last longer . It started wearing withing 4-5 days of play . Glove 's end near the wrist worn our first.All in all i am not happy with the quality of the product.Regards , Advait
 My sons like it but it requires constant repair . The gel that ` catches ' the pellets falls out often .
 I ordered this a couple of weeks ago and the sticky park all ready fell off . So i think you should look for any other brand of target because this one is a piece of crap .
 I was under the impression this target was large enough to provide appropriate target practice for the airsoft guns I ordered .
 My baby boy never liked this . It was a gift and he was never remotely interested . Other toys can be hung or attached and swatted at . This just sits there and to me was pointless . Go with something more fun .
 I received Charlie as a gift for my baby , the first one malfunctioned so I replaced it . The replacement also never worked . The colors are nice and bright , but never has had sounds . It is heavy and hard . After trying twice to give this a chance-I will never recommend this and think twice about other products from this company .
 I was very disappointed with this shirt . It 's plain goofy and weird ; if you want to look like a mad scientist Vikings fan this is the perfect attire .
 I was very disappointed with this shirt . It 's plain goofy and weird ; if you want to look like a mad scientist Vikings fan this is the perfect attire .
 I 'm not satisfied with velcro on these takabichi , after bruising my arm I took them to a sewing proffessional and had him install elastic material . Not practical for weapons concealment nor as a kimono tightener . I 'd rather recommend kyahans instead for a ninjutsu practicioner . I think they are overpriced as well .
 I was very disappointed with this shirt . It 's plain goofy and weird ; if you want to look like a mad scientist Vikings fan this is the perfect attire .
 Other than 3 things this would be a great watch . First the second hand on the stop watch does not index on the second marks . Second there is a pin on the clasp that has come out 3 times in 4 months . And last this is not the band it came with . For some reason it came with a plain stainless band instead of the black PVD inserts . It does keep good time and the illumination ca n't be beat so , I guess you pays your money and takes your chances .
 If I had known that I would receive a deflated ball , I would have ordered a different one . No where did I see where it stated the basketball would be sent deflated.Last year I ordered the same little basketball goal , but it got left in the yard when my grandson moved , so I ordered him another one . I also ordered an extra basketball last year , which I was well pleased with and arrived inflated , but Amazon was out of that ball this year , so I ordered this Champion . To me this is the epitome of the lack of customer service .
 Do not use on any gun you care about . Very disappointed with the results as after about 20 rounds in my shotgun , extreme wear patterns started to emerge . Went back to regular oil and no further problems . Stay away from dry lubes .
 The barometer I received was defective - one of the needles had come off its ' spindle and was loose between the dial and the glass . The barometer was made in China and not what I expected from Weems & Plath . I returned it for a full refund .
 A nice looking decoration to hang on the wall , but it never agrees with the local barometric readings . I set it to read the same as the local reading , but it never reads the same again . After setting it multiple times I just gave up and use it as a rather expensive thermometer .
 The picture shows that it 's white with pink design , I ordered large since they do n't have medium/large , I received white with black design , the large size is extra large , I ca n't use it , will never buy this product again .
 looks nice , but runs very small . Mine was a bit damaged when I received it
 I bought two , they were too small for me . I returned back in December , 2010 , but have not got refund till now .
 The glove is nice and would probably work well had they sent me the correct hand . When ordering it asks for hand orientation ... which I am right handed so checked that . Then they shipped me a glove for my right hand . Are n't golfers supposed to wear the glove on the opposite hand ?
 I usually wear Footjoy gloves , but thought I would give these a try as so inexpensive . I only wore them 3 times and had a large whole in the palm . Footjoy are far better you can wash , bleach and they last a long time
 I received this watch with much anticipation . It came in an impressive bright yellow large box . The watch itself looks great , but ... it did n't work ! The chronograph works , but does n't tell time . Called Invicta customer support , and sure enough , pretty much DOA . With lots of other negative quality reviews , will stick with Citizen or Bulova . Invicta customer care is lackluster to say the least .
 You get what you pay for . I would say this watch is worth $ 99 , and quite frankly , you ca n't buy a fine swiss watch for that price . I own several , including Tag , Rolex , Omega , and Movado . This piece does not approach any of those in quality or feel , which is how it should be considering the cost . This watch keeps good time , is WR to 100M , and has a sapphire crystal , which are all positives.I do have a couple of complaints . The description states that one of the sub-dials is for 1/10 sec . This is not true , the 6:00 sub-dial shows the date , which is totally worthless because it is almost illegible , and the date is already displayed at the 4:00 position . The pointer for the 30 min sub-dial does not line up perfectly with the display marks , and the hands , which Invicta says should glow for 20 hours , do not illuminate in the dark at all.Overall , given the price point , I am satisfied . However , if I had known all of the negatives in advance , I probably would not have even spent the $ 99 .
 Very small . It felt just right as elbow pads ... lol . Tight and constricting . I 'm not that big a guy either ... 180 lbs . Definately not a one size fits all item .
 Unfortunately the lipstick pepper spray was cancelled by the company and my credit card was reimbursed . Maybe there is a restriction in California for this item ?
 The CO2 cyliners arrived in a timely manor however the activation unit that goes with them was missing from the kit making the CO2 cylinders usless .
 i didnt get item so i wouldnt know how it looks still wanted on the person i bought it from to found me anoter ornament
 After having this elliiptical trainer for several months I must say I am very dissapointed with this product and this company . After a month there was a problem with one of the pedals . I called the service line because it is under warranty and the company never answers calls . I was `` on hold '' waiting for the next availbale operator for over an hour . I finally decided to give up and leave a message and an operator did not get back to me two days ! Finally after another week Merit did send a technician . The problem was fixed for about a month until the same problem reoccurred . I called Merit again , waited days for a call back , only to be told that my machine is no longer under warranty and would have to pay for all further repairs.This company has no customer service and their products are substandard .
 I must say ... I am shocked nobody else has written about this . When I received this ... I was concerned right away . I noticed that the top of the carafe did not `` bump '' the bottom of the coffee reservoir -LRB- like it should have -RRB- . This meant the safety aspect of allowing hot coffee to stream out -LRB- while it is still brewing -RRB- would not allow coffee to come out at all . This was the case . I studied everything to figure out what could possibly be wrong . It just looks like a faulty design . The top of the carafe -LRB- lid -RRB- just needs to be 1/2 inch higher so it can release the coffee coming into the reservoir . Very strange ! How could my unit possibly be different than those other people who have reviewed ???
 Plugged it in - Did not make it to the first cup before the thing died and left a burnt smell in the vehicle . Apparently the fuse blew .
 Takes forever to brew ! It did n't even get a cup done after heating up and `` brewing '' for 20 minutes or so . Not a very happy camper while waiting and would not recommend to others .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I do not like this jersey . I also bought the `` Swingman '' jersey made by Adidas . It 's a higher end replica jersey from what I was told . If you are interested in an autographed jersey to keep -LRB- not sell -RRB- , the authentic NBA jersey is not the way to go . The numbers on the `` Swingman '' jersey are much larger , and are better suited for autographs . The authentic NBA jersey is smaller and itchy , and just does n't look as good as the replica .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I bought this zippo as a gift for my father . It was really nice and the ship design was beautiful . The zippo still works perfectly and is durable . However , I am disappointed because the design appears to have `` rubbed off '' little by little only after a few months time . There is no longer any design where you would hold the lighter and only the very edges of the lighter have remnants of what use to be drawn on . Therefore , I am very disappointed and feel embarrassed that I gave it as a gift .
 By comparison to the Crossman premier or RWS pellets , these are not very consistent . Inspection bears this out - the skirts are often bent and of varying thicknesses . Out of my Nitro Venom , I can get 2 &#34; groups off hand at 50 ' with the crossman premier hollowpoints , and RWS Meisterkugelns . 1 out of 5 Daisy pellets wo n't even hit my 12x12 &#34; pellet trap . Your mileage may vary .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 This is a beautiful clock . The workmanship is superb , and it keeps perfect time . But one buys a ship 's bell clock expecting to ... hear the ship 's bells ! The bells on this clock are tinny , dull and can not be heard at all more than two feet away . I returned my first one thinking it was broken , but the second clock was no better . I contacted the manufacturer and was told that `` some people like softer bells . '' I returned the second clock too . I went on line seeking other reviews and found that every review noted that the bells were unsatisfactory . Sad .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 The leather and the material they used for this glove are great so is the way the glove is setup , but the stitching that was used is cheap and probably falls in line with their business plan -LRB- build it so it breaks so they come back for more -RRB- . I had these things for about three months of rugged use and the stitching on the index finger of the glove started to come off . I thought nothing of it as it would give me a better feel for the trigger anyways -LRB- I originally wanted to cut the index finger down to half length so the padding my index finger could sit flush with the trigger -RRB- . After the fourth month I had to give these glove a toss into the trash can because they had fallen apart so bad they were starting to latch into things or just get in the way . + Great setup and design of the gloves + Great quality of materials -- Poor stitching and construction
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 What appeared to be a good quality hat became a disappointment rather quickly . Some of the stitched air holes are already missing after 6 short weeks . Son wears it regularly , however not excessively .
 303 Products have never let me down ... until now . I have used the 303 vinyl protectant exclusively on the T-top of my boat , for years . This year , it was extra dirty when I was preparing to treat it , so I bought this 303 spot remover to try out.I know it says `` kitchen '' on the description , but I am unfamiliar with what a kitchen spot would even entail . I bought it thinking a greasy or baked-on stain was probably as difficult to remove as the sun-baked dirt on the top that I was trying to clean . So I gave it several good shots , some soak time , and ample scrubbing ... repeatedly.Well ... It was actually worthless . It had no affect at all on the stains . Thinking then that this dirt was just `` too tough a stain '' , -LRB- that no normal cleaner could remove -RRB- I used a bleach/soap combination -LRB- which worked -RRB- and saved the 303 for `` other '' applications.However , I have not found anything since - that the 303 spot remover `` alone '' will remove , -LRB- that ANY other general purpose soap-cleaner wo n't do as good on - or better -RRB- ! So I will stay with the 303 vinyl protectant , but for a `` spot remover '' - look elsewhere .
 Come on people . Seriously , this game sucks , for numerous reasons!The only thing thats good about it is the fluent movement , thats it . - You ca n't effectively work your big man in the post - You ca n't make a freakin jumpshot ! -- I played an entire game with the Suns , and I only made 2 out of about 35 ! Come on !! - The players look weird -- When Boston 's SG West went to the line to shoot free throws , I got scared as all hell . He looked like a zombie on crack . . -LRB- imagine that for a sec -RRB- . - There is no stand alone button for dribble moves -LRB- spins , crossovers , etc. . -RRB- - You ca n't break anyone down and drive to the bucket -LRB- this is impossible -RRB- -- When i 'm Iverson , and i 'm being guarded by shaq , I would be able to get around him ... Wrong , Wrong on this game Shaq beat me to every step , and i could n't get around him to save my life !! Crazy!Ok , we all hate NBA Live . Lets not get to worked up over a game thats a little better than Live . Frankly , i prefer Live . All that game needs is better camera angles , and it would be a pretty good game.Please do n't get this game if you value a dollar ! Rent it and you 'll see.negative 5 stars for me !
 When I went to the store , the first thing that caught my eye was the good looking $ 30 price tag . I then looked over and saw that nba live o7 was asking for $ 50 . Well I considered being non-frugile and just grabbing the nba live , since I do have nba live 04 ' and it scored as one of my favorite games I have ever played . But then I thought about it and I really hadnt ever played a 2k nba game and that price tag did look awfully nice . So i went with 2k7 . Mistake ? In my oppinion Definitely . As I started playing I was quickly captured by the great game modes and how each player had a live picture of him when you went for the fantasy draft . I also found all the extra modes like `` situation '' and `` street '' to be a great idea and i was excited to dive headfirst into this `` amazing '' game . But then the game actually started . After an amazingly realistic and fun pre game announcement and comparison , I started with excitement . Then I got the ball of the jump and found that my player was slow and unreceptive . I quickly passed the ball to the best player in the nbs -LRB- lebron james of course -RRB- and to my astonishment even he was sluggish and had a terrible wide open 15 foot jump shot . I got back on d when they grabbed the rebound and as soon as i went for the steal I got a foul . I went for another steal ... another foul . Everytime i went to steal the ball was an instant foul no matter how I approached it . This horrifying gameplay went on for about 20 minutes until i got dead tired of it and opened the cd drive and yanked it outta there and threw in nbs live 04 . needless to say the rest of my evening was very enjoyable and nba 2k7 still sits on my shelf to collect dust . hey , it makes a good paper weight at the very least . do yourself a favor and GO WITH LIVEOk to finish up , here are my ratings on a sclae of 1-10 : Graphics :10 - outstanding realistic playersStoryline : _ - since when was there a storyline in a basketball game?Gameplay :1 - if i had the choice of playing that game again or getting kicked in the crotch i would actually have to think about itSound :7 - decent sountrack and you can use custom soundtracksOverall :5 - I would not reccomend this game to anyone . go with live .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 Does not seal good . so pollens and dust gets in from the edge of it.And it is too ridiculs to wear outside .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 We 've purchased a number of these vest over the past few years and we actually had to return this one because the quality of the material was so poor . It was very thin and flimsy . The collar would n't stand up as it should because the material was so thin . Very dissapointed .
 Inside edging of seems opened already , materal rubs head and is uncomfortable .
 I had a Schrade Barlow for 40 years . It was my father 's before that . So I do n't know how old it was . It my husband 's favorite picnic knife , but we lost it . These Made in China knives look pretty much the same , but the spring action is disappointing and the thumb groove not deep enough . I 'm now looking for an old knife .
 The knife is not a Barlow like those from my childhood . It 's very poor quality in materials , workmanship and constructions . The knife is made in China and broke the first time I used it . I had ordered 2 and sent them both back .
 *** BUYER BEWARE *** The photographs associated with this item , the Stoney Point Stix II , will lead you to believe that you will receive two stands - a tall one and a short one . Both are pictured in the list thumbnail photo and both are pictured when you open the item description . For the additional ten dollars that would be a good deal . *** BUYER BEWARE *** . When I received my shipment all that I received was a SINGLE SHORT BIPOD . The item I was shipped is no different than the other short bi-pod I own already , except for the camo finish . DO NOT SPEND THE EXTRA $ 10.00 THINKING THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE TWO BI-PODS . You will receive the same equipment that you would get by purchasing the item listed for $ 22.68 . *** BUYER BEWARE *** .
 I was very pleased with the shooting stick I received , but since I ONLY received the short shooting stick , and did not get the tall shooting stick or the camo bag , I am VERY unhappy with my purchase . I e-mailed the company that I think shipped the item , but I had difficulty even finding who to send a complaint to . I never did get a response to my e-mail , or any customer satisfaction on this . Basically I paid a hefty price for one short shooting stick . What I liked about the stick - it 's portable , light weight , and easy to set up . The pointed ends help it lodge securely . If I 'd received the bag , it would have been even easier to carry . I 'd love to have the rest of the kit , because then I 'd probably give it five stars . If I had n't loved the stick I got , I would have given this purchase 1 star .
 They were suppose to be 6 ' tall and two sections and were not , not very happy cause of the price , way to high
 Out of the box this OK . I use penetration tests since I do n't use a chrony . I test my airguns with a coffee can with old sneaker sole on the inside . This 2240 at 4ft . bounced off can . I have 3 sprigers-2 rifles that penetrate the can and sole and exit with 3/8 hole . I have a $ 43 ruger spriger pistol that penetrates can and inbeds in sole . Since I had gift certificates I extended the 2240 barrel and added a stronger hammer spring . With one co2 canister I got 4 shots strong enough to penetrate coffe and sole and dent the back.All these people that waste time and money on mods I do n't understand . I willsell this gun and buy A Hatsan or Browning .22 pistols . This 2240 is a waste of money and ammo because half your shots will not have full power and I was hoping to use it on squirels around the barn but if it 's cool out youmight as well throw the gun at them . My springer rifles always go through the squirels and many times they run off and die in neighbors yard which they do n't like.Spend a little more for a springer .
 Cap that screws in to puncture the co2 cylinder wo n't screw far enough to puncture the co2 cylinder and it 's not cross-threaded , so I guess I will be sending it to crosman for repairs or a refund This really sucks I bought a scope , muzzle brake , and trigger shoe for this now I do n't have anything to put them on .
 Save your money , it 's not worth it . Let me explain why you should save your money for a better gun . One reason is that it gets about 50 shots per co2 tank . another reason is that if you actually like to take your guns out side then you better make a different choice because this gun is very poor quality , the front sight broke right off when I set it down !!!!
 Well I get to be the oddball that posts the negative review on the Crosman 2240 air pistol . I bought two of these so my son and I could shoot metal silhouettes . I bought with confidence after reading all the positive reviews but am very disappointed with the muzzle velocity and accuracy . The Chrony results for both guns was ~ 400 fps with Crosman Premiere 14.3 g pellets . The accuracy for both is about a 2 '' group at 10 yds . The accuracy tests were conducted shooting off a sandbag and also with the guns in a vise . My research on the internet indicated that the velocity should be ~ 450 fps and the accuracy should be about a 1 '' or less group at 10 yds . As is these guns will not be suitable for silhouette shooting . It 's impossible to hit the chickens at 10 yds . The thing is that they shoot about like what you would expect for a $ 56 gun . If not for the glowing reviews , of which almost all mention good or excellent accuracy , I would have passed them up and probably just bought one higher quality gun . I should have just returned them but I tore them both down . I cleaned and checked for bad seals or assembly problems but found nothing wrong . Everything looked good . I also made some minor improvements in the rear sights . So I guess I 'm stuck with these . They are not much good for anything except plinking tin cans at close range . I 'm giving 2 stars because my expectations were not met , not necessarily because the items were n't worth the price .
 There were some warnings in the reviews , but I fugured adult xlarge meant just that . Wrong . The xlarge adult is woefully too small
 I purchased and recieved in a timely fashion.Was given to my Nephew for a Birthday gift.Once opened we 'd realized it was too small.Not a problem , so I 'd thought.Placing it back into the box w/plastic NOTHING tornor misplaced I put it back into its original shipping box , thinkin I could just replace it with one that fit him.Called them and told them my situation.They had NONE IN STOCK and did not know WHEN THEY WOULD and told me if I return it they 'd charge me a 15 % restocking fee UNLESS I could find something else to purchase from them then they 'd give me the 100 % credit . I waited it out for almost Ten working days and still NO STOCK TO SIMPLY REPLACED WHAT I 'D PURCHASED . They told me sorry I do n't know what to tell you , once the 45/days are up we ca n't even return it so make your decision . OBVIOUSLY I NEEDED a helmet , which is WHY I MADE THIS PURCHASE !!! So I gave it away and purchase ANOTHER ... now assuming more cost and TIME !!! NOT PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHASE !!!!!!!! Amazon , THEY 'RE GREAT ... LOVE EM ' !!! *******
 I have a small head and I have been a small in all other helmets and decided to purchase the small for the ProTech helmet . I did n't read the previous reviews which I wish I had . There is a lot of padding in this helmet which is why the helmet was so TINY . It did n't come close to fitting my head so I thought I would give it to my 10 year old daughter . The helmet did n't fit her either and I ended up giving it to my friend 's 3 year old daughter which it ended up fitting her perfectly !
 Received the helmet . Marked XL ... could not get it on my head . While not marked as adult or child anywhere on the packaging it is a child 's size . The little pamphlet inside the box had a line drawing of a young boy wearing the helmet . It is going to my kid ... age nine ... fits him fine .
 This is the Pro-Tec `` Skate Helmet '' . Not certified , but good finish , good materials , and good looks . Fit is comfy too . They run small , so order one size up . I normally wear a `` Large '' Motorcycle helmet , and an `` Extra Large '' Protec.It was n't disclosed in the description that these helmets do not meet any safety standards . There is even warning label on the box and on the helmet that the helmet `` Offers Minimal protection '' , and `` does not meet any safety standards '' . It does have some protection foam , but it is n't CE/CPSC certified like it says in the description.It has a great look to it , and is very lightweight . Other helmets make you look like you 've got a mushroom on your head , this one is form fitting and very light.Most certified helmets are a `` one hit wonder '' , meaning they are designed to absorb impact by destroying the helmet instead of your head . Now if you were expecting many small bumps , this helmet would work , but for preventing brain truama this is n't certified.Bottom line - Good comfort , light weight , and good looks , but not a certified safety helmet .
 I 've been riding bicycles and motorcycles for the past 40 years , wearing all sorts of helmets . Just recently got into inline skating and bought my first ProTec helmet with the skates.Apparently , someone at ProTec forgot that -LRB- 1 -RRB- helmets get HOT , -LRB- 2 -RRB- people SWEAT , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- the glue holding the lining and the padding and the helmet together needs to be WATERPROOF.Any store selling these helmets needs to have their HR manager write up the irresponsible buyers who would put this piece of garbage in their inventory . Yes , it 's that bad . If you buy this thing , be prepared to find some nice waterproof glue and reassemble your helmet when it starts coming apart . And it WILL come apart . Unless you 're an alien with no sweat glands .
 Bought this for my husband 's birthday . I was appalled to find out , by reading the warning label , that it contains lead and can cause cancer , birth defects and reproductive problems . It also says to wash your hands after handling . I returned it but had to pay the return fee myself . Not feeling too warm and fuzzy about this purchase !
 I bought this clock to put on our mantel however it is much too small for that purpose.The face cover is plastic and is loose on the clockPretty cheap construction for $ 80
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 This gun sucks . I bought this pistol and the trigger mechanism broke . The fps is o.k. for the price , but not that bad . The idea of taking off the top is kind of cool , but the pistol begins to act up until it breaks . -LRB- p.s. this is my moms account -RRB-
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 I was looking for a brush that I could use to clean my feet . I remember when I was young , I had a similar one like this one . However , I tryed to use this brush to do my feet , after applying water and soap , it began to turn red , so I had not use for it any more . I purchase two , so I will use the other one to try to clean something down in the house . If it do n't fall apart .
 This product displays as purple the KSU colors yet delivered was blue . I had topay return shipping for their error !
 Great looking paperweight , lousy thermometer . When placed adjacent to top tier weather equipment -LRB- i.e. Maximum , Boston , Shatz -RRB- the Weems & Plath thermometer was at least 10 degrees off . Just to be sure , I placed this thermometer in the freezer for a quick test and , alas , it registered 70 degrees !!! The unit , which I am returning to Amazon was either defective or badly designed . Whether quality control or engineering , a sad day for Weems & Plath
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This item began to buckle under the weight of my apprx 200 lb mother after a week or two ... BUT The Sportsman Guide came through with flying colors , providing INSTANT RESPONSES TO MY E-MAILS and provided a FULL REFUND for the used bed even after a few months . -LRB- We had purchased it in advance of my Mom 's visit . -RRB- The bed would be fine for a lighter-weight person . MOST IMPORTANTLY , THE SPORTSMAN 'S GUIDE IS THE VERY BEST ... POSSESSING OLD-TIME INTEGRITY AND VALUES and ACTUALLY PROVIDING EXCELLENT SERVICE SO SADLY LACKING BY OTHERS IN TODAY 'S SOCIETY . If you are contemplating purchasing something from them , GO AHEAD AND PURCHASE WITHOUT FEAR !! Lovely , heart-warming experience !! = -RRB-
 I received the tabletop only with no base to attach it to . Also , the tabletop is white with red bird instead of red with red bird as advertised on the website . Bad deal !
 The product photo is not of this product . The photo would infer three screws -LRB- one to clamp the lower ring to a base , plus two to secure the upper ring to the lower ring -RRB- . What you get is the vertically split type -LRB- two screws only -RRB- that must be simultaneously tightened onto the base while also tightening onto the scope .
 Warning
 This product works perfectly if all you need is a broomstick type grip . The spring does n't push hard enough for the legs to come all the way out . You have to push the button , legs pop half way out , then you have to pull the legs the rest of the way out . After about 1 week of use the leg snapped off and is not fixable .
 This is fine if you 're only using it on flat surfaces . It will fall apart under weight if you 're on an incline . In our case , we were lucky that the lantern was n't lit ... we only lost the glass around the lantern , rather than starting a fire .
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 This bit is fairly well made and reasonably finished for an inexpensive item . I would have rated it 4 or 5 stars as a good combination of low cost and reasonably quality except that it arrived marked `` Made in China . '' Nobody who cares for animals needs to be reminded that `` made in China '' means disaster-in-the-making . No agency checks or regulates the advertised metal content of horse bits . The Chinese record of substituting adulterated materials is too egregious to be overlooked . I bought 3 of these for clients who will have to wait a little longer for bits made in the UK , the US , or the continental EU where there is -LRB- usually -RRB- some assurance that the metal content on the label is the metal content in the bit . The folks who sold me the bits are not to blame -- I should have asked . These bits will be mounted on my `` reminder wall '' -- not the place with the ribbons and trophies , but the one that records the `` I should have done better '' events .
 Wrist watch
 The title is false . There is nothing Urban about this dvd except for MAYBE the clothes . And it definately is NOT a belly dance video.Two stars for a workout dvd .
 There is one good thing about this video . The blonde teaching it is likable and positive -LRB- too bad her back up dancers kind of sucked out the level of enthusiasm in me -RRB- . I was rooting for this one to work out , but it did n't for me . Now for the negatives.I wish I did n't waste my money on this crap . Here 's a summary . - Music is lame . - Production quality is worse . - Limited instructionThere is almost nothing Urban about this music . For too long of a time , they played warm up music when the warm up was over . The warm up itself was boring . Just basic stuff you learned in third grade . Then I guess the `` Urban '' part was the crappy Jazz they were playing . Also , I had to wait like 17 mins for it to get interesting . I actually stopped exercising at about 12 mins in because I was so BORED ! I watched the rest to see if it was interesting . It had maybe 4 - 15 second interesting moments.Production value made me think of my community college 's channel and their exercise program . Only the community college channel was more interesting . The room that they probably paid for was too small . The back up dancers obviously did n't practice in the room they had chosen . There were definite times where the two back up dancers seem to almost knock into each other . Also the back up dancers look bored and confused at some points , especially the male one . I do n't care if they have to fake having a good time . That is their job.The instruction was very limited . Do n't make this your first belly dance video . It 's not hard , but if you were n't born with natural dancing talent -LRB- like myself -RRB- do n't bother with this video . They assume you know how to do a figure 8 , sashay and so forth . Even now , I like a lot of instruction . Even if I know all the moves already .
 The product was nice , but I ordered heather grey and received black . I E-mailed the merchant about this problem but received no reply .
 The problem with this lock is that it appears to actually be enough , and its not . You will gain 30 seconds head start on someone with tools when they cut this cable . Suitable for bikes with no value . Kid brother and grandma proof . Otherwise , buy a real lock .
 Placed tide clock on sailboat . Paper dial fell apart and stopped working in about 60 days . Plastic and paper construction and way overpriced ,
 The Good
 I was very excited when I found this hat because I have owned it before and wore it out . This item that showed up at my door was a monstrosity ! The hat pictured here has the Michigan logo , thread on the top , button on the top as well as the underside of the bill in gold . This is what I was looking forward to and expected . What showed up was in a terrible neon yellow !!! I sent it back immediately !
 This video only about 9 bucks . No big deal , right ? Right . But , even for a retard beginner that does n't know how to use YouTube , it 's only marginally decent . Otherwise , it 's just a waste of time . Sorry , TITLE , I love your other products , but this one falls short . What could have made this dvd better is if they made it longer with more content about the basics . They should have FULL segments on preparation , the punches , the purpose of the heavy bag , a brief history of the bag , the types/weights , the importance of it , footwork , etc , etc. . It literally seemed like 8 mins of content . What you really need it thisBoxer 's Start-Up
 Totally worthless . The product has the conistency of dilute milk and runs right of the lure . It takes seveal hours to dry and comes right off in the water .
 Not too happy with this purchase.The lighter did not look like the photo when received and it lit about five times before the fluid ran out . I was unable to refill it , eventhough I tried numerous times.Basically , with shipping and handling , I spent $ 20 for a lighter that barely worked & never will again . Do n't waste your money ...
 This lighter takes about five to six times to finally light . I think it is a poor product .
 I bought this to use as one of my `` backup '' fire starters -LRB- matches and a lighter being the other two of three -RRB- . I used cigarette lighter fluid and did as instructed on the paper provided.I got maybe six or seven lights out of it.Not really worth the money .
 I ordered three of these , two for myself as an additional way to make fire while camping , and one as a gift . Product doesnt work like it should , it takes about 10 strikes to get one flame , and on the FIRST day of my camping trip i broke both flint strikers . I wasnt pushing hard at all . I feel bad giving this as a gift now , you have to handle it extremely gently or else it will snap .
 This device if purchased should be used very carefully if not IT WILL BREAK it is very delicate and I do n't advise buying it if you have any upper body strength at all and thats coming from a 130 lbs weakling .
 This gadget because of its price is made by cheap materials and does n't work well . Buy a zippo instead , twice the price but at least work every time you need it and is made with quality materials .
 I thought this would be useful but it doesnt cut it . Once the cottony tip on the match head burns away there is nothing really to hold the fluid and thus becomes difficult to light . The more time you spend striking , the less likely it will flame . It is also really small and a pain to strike without getting fluid on your fingers . Having stated that ; its probably good for single one time use as the rubber ring seal on the screw does a decent job of keeping the fluid inside the flask from evaporating . Might as well get a slightly thicker/oilier fluid and pour the whole flask onto what you want to light then strike .
 I have purchased several of these from various vendors , but this one was the worst . I never was able to get it to spark enough to create a flame , and the casing fell off after about a week . I still have them sitting in the tackel box , because at the very least the do hold the lighter fluid that I put into it .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 The helmet is great . HOWEVER , the age limit was not specified on the website . It was n't until I got the helmet in the mail that I saw the tag that says `` for ages 3 + '' The website says `` Toddler Helmet '' but I 'm sorry ... toddlers are not an age group defined as 3 years and older ! My son is 2 and I still do n't have a helmet for him . Amazon , you need to be sure that what is advertised is what your customers get . I bought a `` toddler helmet '' but that 's not what came in the mail .
 This item is too gendered , the ladybugs are not red like the image , they 're pink . The straps are not pictured , they 're pink too . If you and your child is into pink , it 's perfect . If not , stay away .
 Ordered this product for off-duty carry of my cuffs and spare mag . I liked the paddle option as my current case requires a take my belt off to disarm . However , when I received the case , I realized just how overly massive this it is . There 's at least a quarter inch , probably closer to three-eights between the paddle and case itself -LRB- I know my pants are n't that thick -RRB- , plus no curvature at all to keep it close to my hip . Secondly , I ordered a size 4 for my HK USP magazines , and there is an excessive amount of play in the mag pouch , so much that if you 're running , your mag is gon na come out . The cuff pouch is also larger than needs to be , does not fit S&W ; 100 cuffs securely , but gives them plenty of room to make some noise.I give it two stars for quality leather , but it 's not gon na work for my needs .
 Wish I had read the description better when I ordered . 72 oz is way too low for most service weapons . Better off spending a few dollars more and going with a different product , this one leaves much to be desired .
 I have no idea where those other reviews came from cause this thing is a piece of junk ! I have a training gym and wanted to ad a flat bench press besides my power rack setup . Ive never bought a new piece of equipment so I had no idea what the small amount of money would buy . After reading the reviews , I decided to give it a try and I wish i didnt ! When I first opened the box it looked alright but after putting it together I noticed the welds were terrible . So bad that I started jumping on the cross bar to see if it would break ! It held my weight but whenever I got to 185 and reracked , the uprights gave quite a bit so I didnt dare go over 225 . I just benched in my power rack . The j-cups are very , very deep also . I had to glue 1 inch steel bars in them so I didnt have to mess up my shoulder tightness to unrack . I ended up selling the thing for 85 bucks cause I would never have a client bench on that thing . I ended up getting the Hoist CF2179B and that thing is awesome ! Im not pissed cause it wasnt alot of money wasted but next time my gut goes against a bunch of reviews , Im going with my gut ! If youre just starting to lift or you really have no desire to build a good amount of strength then this bench would be perfect but if you are strong , dont buy this bench cause you might die !
 What is pictured is not what you get . Pictured is a DVT 1st stage , with a non-swivel 2nd stage Delta 4 -LRB- and exactly what I wanted as I 'm trying to get away from swivels and the proprietary hoses that go with them -RRB- . What I received , and what LeisurePro said is the only option for this Amazon listing , is a Non-DVT 1st stage with a swivel 2nd stage . Completely opposite of what I wanted .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Very painful and difficult to set your own code . One must press tiny plastic buttons that are held in place with a very strong spring . I bought two locks and one I managed to lock without setting the proper code so now it is useless as I can not unlock it . The plastic bushings on the side of the other one disconnected from the housing while setting it - very poor construction . I will be returning both of these locks and will never purchase from this manufacturer again . Absolute rubbish .
 Same story as the other guy . My bike was stolen in about 10 seconds in broad daylight . I did n't read the part about it being only a lock for accessories . I do remember noting that it was rated 3 -LRB- out of 7 ? -RRB- for security . But I figured I would be only locking my bike in the daytime in public places . It did n't matter , obviously .
 My roommate and I both bought this lock for our bikes and , sure enough , we both had our bikes stolen in broad daylight . I do not recommend this lock at all .
 I bought one of these for my trips to the grocery store ... needed something relatively inexpensive due to my small budget ... but they 've already had to replace the original one due to combo slippage . Got a brand new one from the manufacturer and this one has not even made it onto the bike ... could n't set a new combo and the one that was factory set kept slipping . Very undependable for a senior citizen depending on her bike for transportation .
 PURCHASING THE LOCK FROM `` TKO LIQUIDATORS '' THE WORST SHOPPING EXPERIENCE ON AMAZON . I RECEIVED A ITEM COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FROM THE PICTURE ON THE WEB AND WHEN I CALLED THE SELLER , GUESS WHAT THEY SAID TO ME , A MAN TOLD ME TO HAVE MY LAWYER TO TALK TO HIM . AFTER THAT HE HUNG UP MY CALLS WHEN I CALLED , I WAS NOT THAT ANGRY SINCE HE CALLED ME `` TOUGH GUY '' , BUT I HERE TO WARN YOU DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM `` TKO LIQUIDATORS '' .
 ordered this lock specifically due to connector size shown . Item sent is not the same with much larger connector . Does not fit bike bag .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I ordered two Duel Draggon Swords and both showed up in the mail broken . When I did my original review I said I was n't happy with the product . I received an email from the supplier asking to remove the comment and he would send me replacements . I agreed and removed the comment , I even said I would give them a very good comment from the service I received . That was three weeks ago . In the past 3 weeks I have tried to contact the supplier twice to ask when I could expect the replacements . I received a generic email both times stating `` it was an auto response and because of high volumes they we 're unable to get back to me . '' I received one of the emails a week ago and now again two days ago . All I 've been left with is a superglued sword and a chipped back board .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Beware this helmet is for small kids only . This helmet is described as being for youth 8-14 yrs . When we received the helmet the packaging states 5 + years and for head size up to 21 inches around . My son is 10 yrs old with a head size of 22.5 '' . It is way to small . Otherwise the helmet looks well made & has a nice design .
 The product would have been great , quality wise , but the ad stated it was a youth 8-14 size . What arrived was a child 's 5 + size . Now I 'll finally find out how well Amazon handles returns . I certainly wish the size had been correct , though , as it REALLY seems like a good helmet ! 042009 My refund was credited to my charge card , today , for the returned item . Excellent `` return service '' on the part of Amazon.com
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I ordered this Nok Hockey-game because when I was a kid in the 50 's we played it almost every day in the parks dept. playground.We occasionally broke the sticks but never the board it lasted for years . This board did n't even survive the UPS delivery even though it had fragile posted all over the box.The way it was packaged was a disgrace , My 7 year old grand son could have done it better.Even so the construction is CHEAP - CHEAP - CHEAP the side boards were split the corners split and pulled apart and the angle pieces were stapled in hap - hazardly . Do your self a favor and AVOID this Nok Hockey Game like the Plague I wound up repairing the board with screws rather then sending it back because I did n't want to pay the postage nor did I have the box it came in.Amazon ought to check these products out before selling them to the unsuspecting public
 Beware this helmet is for small kids only . This helmet is described as being for youth 8-14 yrs . When we received the helmet the packaging states 5 + years and for head size up to 21 inches around . My son is 10 yrs old with a head size of 22.5 '' . It is way to small . Otherwise the helmet looks well made & has a nice design .
 The product would have been great , quality wise , but the ad stated it was a youth 8-14 size . What arrived was a child 's 5 + size . Now I 'll finally find out how well Amazon handles returns . I certainly wish the size had been correct , though , as it REALLY seems like a good helmet ! 042009 My refund was credited to my charge card , today , for the returned item . Excellent `` return service '' on the part of Amazon.com
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 The gun is practically locked into the holster . Do n't buy this if you think you might need a quick draw .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I bought the Daisy 22 cal rifle expecting some standard in quality.The safety does n't work - it WILL fire on safe . How bad is that ?? This item should be made illegal on that point alone . Craftsmanship does not exist in this item . Normally , I will be fair . I was as fair as can be , and gave 1 star . I would have given a more negative rating if it were possible . I do not want anyone to get hurt . To restate , the safety on this gun does not work ! Do not buy .
 My Bag Boy push cart handle broke in it 's first months of use . They sent a whole new cart . I told them it looked like a design flaw.Months later , the handle broke again on the new cart the same way . This time I had to wait for a new handle - FOR TWO MONTHS AND ONE DAY . Their only offer to me ? A Bag Boy shirt and a hat for my wait ! They did n't even expedite the shipping as it took 5 days . It 's unacceptable to have a cart this new be unusable for two months because they do n't stock parts . And then they want me to wear their shirt and/or hat ?? I should have gone with the Sun Mountain speed cart .
 I bought this as a replacement for a bicycle pump that I owned and used for about 20 years . That one died finally , and I thought this Bell Windstorm with a pressure gauge would be convenient . I have had this for about 3-4 months , using it about 10 times in that period . While it was working it worked well and I appreciated the onboard pressure gauge feature . The rubber hose has now broken where it attaches to the pump and it will not inflate anything . I do not see a way I , as a consumer , can repair it . This was assembled using glue to attach the hose to the pump . I would have to send the unit to Bell post paid with the original receipt -LRB- which I no longer have -RRB- to get the unit replaced under the Bell 3 year warranty . The cost of shipping alone would be about the same as the cost of a replacement , so the warranty is pretty much worthless to me . I would not buy one of these again .
 Brand new and though it pushes air and the gauge seemed to work , I could n't get a proper connection with the valve to inflate two different bike tire tubes . These same tires inflated fine with another pump made by a different maker.After reading other reviews of this and other bell models , I get the impression that these pumps are hit or miss . If you get a good one , it works fine . You may be better off spending $ 30 to get a more durable pump from a different maker with better quality control .
 This pump barely works . I bought it for automobile tires , but they use the same Schrader valve as many bicycle tires . The pin inside the valve is a cheap plastic piece that barely manages to push the pin in on the tire 's valve , so it 's hard to get a seal without removing and re-seating the valve repeatedly until the pressure gauge reads above zero . Even then , the seal is often not good , so it 's very hard to pump the air . The gauge also reads on the low side , at least at car tire pressures .
 Mine broke immediately when I tried to use it to inflate road bike tires -LRB- using a presta adapter -RRB- .
 This bike pump is worth $ 13.99 . The floor pedal broke as soon as I stepped on it , and it does n't even reach 60psi . Do yourself a favor and invest in an expensive bike pump . Do n't `` Reagan '' it like I did .
 The seal for the presta valve is consistently faulty . Unless you are able to position the valve in the EXACT perfect position , air will leak out at a high rate . This remedy requires you to hold the valve with one hand while pumping with the other . This is especially frustrating if you need to inflate above 60 psi because unless you 're a body builder , good luck pushing down with enough force to inflate to the 120 psi the pump is rated for . I recommend you spend your money on another pump .
 This is potentially the worst product I have ever purchased . I could more easily have inflated my road bike tires with my mouth than with this sorry excuse for a freshman engineering project . Save your money .
 Used it twice on Schraeder valves , worked , but the performance was subpar . First time I tried to inflate my road bike with Presta valves , the adapter 's threads immediately stripped -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- , next , the pin inside the pump 's connector mashed down and now the entire pump is worthless . SHould 've listened to my gut instead of my inner miser . DO NOT BUT THIS PUMP !
 I could not get this pump to inflate my tires with presta valves . I used the cheap plastic adapter and a metal adapter from the bike shop . I did use it to pump up my kids bikes with schrader valves and it worked .
 I bought this unit because of the gauge and price . I used it twice and the airhose broke . Save your money , buy something more durable .
 Worked fine , until hose aged and cracked - now useless . Warranty is a joke . Ca n't find a replacement hose .
 This pump lasted a few times before the cheap plastic pump head failed , rendering the pump useless . The three year warranty requires you to send the pump in before getting any satisfaction . Will think twice about buying any products from Bell if this is where their `` quality '' control is leading .
 I expected better since it 's a Bell product , but it did n't work even once . It seems I am not the only one .
 The gauge goes to 120 , but do n't believe it . As soon as I bought mine , I used to to pump up my road bike -LRB- 85psi -RRB- . As soon as it got past 60 the pump died . I heard something ` pop ' and air starting shooting out the top.Don ' t buy this unit unless you are going to use it on kids bikes only .
 I know my son will love it when he finally gets his Christmas present , but it 's been a month now and it 's still on backorder . It does n't even show up on items that I 've ordered in the past 6 months , but I know it was deducted from my checking account . How can that be ? In addition to that I had originally been told that the item had been delivered the first week of December but like I said my son never recieved it ... might think about adding a confirmation of receipt with the orders they ship , because it either was never shipped or someone else is enjoying my son 's present !
 Bought this for my kids who needed a warm , light sleeping bag for occasional camping trips . They ca n't fit the bag into or on top of their backpacks and it weighs a ton . I 've learned my lesson - cheap means cheap .
 The largest size I 've ever worn is 8M -LRB- stilettos , flip-flops , athletic shoes , flats , etc. -RRB- from varying brands . According to Injinji 's Web site , size small fits up to size 8 shoes in women , but it is short , causing a very snug , somewhat uncomfortable fit . As a result , I 've only worn them once to exercise . I was worried that they may slip underneath but they did not . However , the fit and whether or not they will stay in place is definitely not a good thing . They also came out fuzzy in the wash . I 'm keeping all six because the inconvenience of returning them to Amazon is too much .
 i have a size 12 foot , the holes didnt even come close to fitting my two big toes on both of my feet . good for small people or women .
 This make the Vibrams fit too tight , and not to mention they are way over priced . As regular socks they are kinda cool
 I am a big vibram 5 finger fan but these socks are not great . Got them to reduce foot moisture/sweating when wearing the vibrams but these made it worse . Do not recommend for that purpose . Ok for just wearing around the house , but I 'd rather go barefoot .
 I bought two pairs of these to wear with my Vibram KSO sports . One pair ripped between the big toe and second toe after one day of use . According to Amazon.com 's return policy , you can not return worn items ... I did n't read this beforehand and sent them back . . So I am out more than $ 20 and without socks . Do yourself a favor and buy these socks from your local retailer . I got a few pairs at my local REI and they are of higher quality and stretch and fit properly . My new socks are Injinji also , but are of a different design . Maybe the seller is selling older stock socks . . Your mileage may vary , buyer beware .
 I consider myself an intermediate-level half marathoner and had been using normal socks for all my training and runs for many years.My first feeling after putting this toesocks on was , `` Oh man , it feels so CRAMP in my shoe ! '' Tried running and felt extremely uncomfortable because of the rubbing of the fabrics in between my toes . Mind you , the fabric is not thin at all but quite thick . And my gut feeling tells me that I 'll definitely get blisters in between my toes at the end of a long run.If the fabric had been thinner , I might have considered it a great product , because of the snug-fit and flexibility it gives to my toes.Be warned !
 I really wanted to like these , but they were painful around my toes . I guess my toes are too thick for these or something and so it was painful . However , the toes were still longer than mine . I am not sure what the deal was there . If these were n't painful then I would have liked them .
 I bought this for my wife , she used it for her half marathon run . On mile 4 to 5 she had develop blister in between her toes from too much friction . It 's a great idea , but did n't really work for long distance running . I had on my Thorlo 's running socks and I had no issue with blistering . Would not recommend for a marathon .
 In the process of training for a marathon and keep getting a re-occuring blister on my second toe . Podiatrist recommended trying these socks ... worse thing i could have done went for an 8 mile run trying out these new socks and after that had a blister on the bad toe but also got more blisters in between my toes ... one toe actually has two blisters now . Really wanted to love these but they did not work ... instead of one blister i now have 5 do n't waste your money I will stick with my Nike dri fit and some good band-aids .
 I am not fat . I 'm in shape . My toes were too fat for these . I could get them in , but after about 5 minutes of wearing them , the circulation in my toes was gone .
 I was notified time and again that shipment would be made . Then when I decided to cancel the order to get something else in time for Christmas I was told that the shipment had already been made and that it was too late to cancel . I will certainly be returning this order if , per chance , it ever does arrive . Worst order I have ever had with Amazom .
 I am a women 's size 7 with normal to narrow feet and these socks are really too small . I have to really stretch them to get them up over my heal and that causes the individual toes to pull back and cramp my toes while the seams dig into the tender spaces in between my toes . I actually ca n't imagine these socks fitting someone with a size 8 foot . If I were to order again I 'd probably get the ones that come up higher on the ankle in the hope that I would n't have to stretch them so much .
 I 've been wearing toe socks now for over 20 years . I started wearing them as inner socks to prevent the fungus when I had to wear boots 13 to 20 hours a day . Before the barefoot running craze started I used to get them from a Korean friend who had his mother bring them from Korea . Then I had to order them from overseas or from Canada . My running days are behind me now but I still wear them and like them a lot.Too thick - I had no idea what they meant when the label mean `` Original Weight '' but I found out that it meant that these socks are around twice as thick as I 'm used to . That 's not really a problem when using them for the original purpose as inner socks but they are a problem for me when I use them with my Vibrams . I 'm still able to wear them -LRB- since I paid $ 12.00 a pair for them -RRB- but all that material means that wearing my Vibrams is not as nice as I would like.Too long - There is too much material on the pinkie toe for me . All that material just hangs off the end . This is the first time this has ever happened to me . Again , not a problem with boots and regular shoes but a problem with the toe shoes.Bad material - The material on these socks started to pill after the first wash BEFORE BEING WORN . Its only gotten worse and now I 've got a bunch of furry looking toe socks except that the fur are little bitty balls of material.I 've been wearing these for seven months now . This has really been a bad purchase for me . This is the most I 've ever paid for toe socks and this is the worst experience I 've ever had with them . I really do n't mind paying the price for premium products . The brand may be , but this is not a premium product . These are really not bad socks if they were half the price , but at this price these are bad socks .
 While these socks are very comfortable and work great with the barefoot running style of she , they are are flawed in I had holes developing at the seams in less than a month , not cool for socks that run at $ 12 each .
 I Ordered six pairs of this sock . Thinking that we get what we pay ; this should be a wonderful sock . It fits well , but one pair came with a role in it , and after one wash they look very , very old . I ordered white , and they never became bright white after just one use . The company never asked for a feedbak , what makes me wonder if they care at all for the quality of their products .
 I am an average size 11 , but the toes are so small that the socks pinch into the skin between the toes . They are unwearable .
 dont waste your money , you 'll wear them one time and then make an appointment to have your head checked for ordering something so trivial .
 I got these socks based on the stellar reviews here . I have been very disappointed with them . The socks tore within two washes . I am not sure whether the samples I received were bad , but needless to say I am not happy with this product . And for $ 10 a pop , these should have been more than rugged .
 I have very small feet . I generally wear a size 5.5 to size 6 . I bought these socks to wear with my vibram five fingers and to wear as running socks in my regular sneakers . The small is so small they slide down my heel and I have to keep pulling them up . They are basically useless to me . I own three other pairs of the toe socks from injinji and they are great but they are not the crew socks .
 The description says these socks are seamless - they absolutely are not . I had a big seam going down every toe which caused constant rubbing . These socks are so uncomfortable and rubbed my toes/toe webbing so much that I had to take them off after 20 minutes of use -LRB- my toes are now sore -RRB- . I * highly * recommend you pass on these socks - I will be returning mine .
 These socks worked great for me . I wore them to my exercise class and they protected a corn I had developed between my toes . Unfortunately , one of the socks was a little bit unraveled when it arrived and got worse with each washing . The final washing was crazy , as it was so `` stringy '' that it wound around other clothes in the wash and required extra effort to separate everything . Unfortunately , this was after the 30 day return period . And they are expensive socks .
 So I guess I have long toes or something because the toes on these socks are FAR shorter than they appear in the image . Front-to-back these feel great -LRB- I wear a size 9 shoe -RRB- , but I 'm going to have to cut off the ends of the toes in order to make these fit .
 Very little punch and power to my existing system . Was looking for something with a bit more . Works better with my active pick ups than my passive but still not enough punch .
 I bought this for my nine-month old because he was entertained by it in its box in the toy aisle . Upon bringing it home , I unwrapped it and found it a huge disappointment . 1 -RRB- It does n't activate very easily ; you practically have to beat it with the bat to get it to wake up 2 -RRB- It 's pretty lame when the ball is firmly attached to the base ; basically , it just teaches my son that it 's OK to pound on his toys and 3 -RRB- Even when it lights up on cue , it 's pretty boring.We 're taking it back .
 Since my family are all such huge sports fans , I was very excited to get this toy for my 6 month old . The toy consists of a bat , a baseball and a tee which the baseball sits on . The tee rests on a rocking base . The idea is that when you hit the ball off the tee , the base rocks and the motion activates lights and sounds . The tee has 2 adjustments , the lower -LRB- beginner -RRB- adjustment allows for the ball to `` lock '' into the tee so that you ca n't actually knock the ball off the tee , but if you make any contact with the tee/ball at all , the base will rock and the lights/music will activate . The more advanced setting allows the ball to rest on the tee without locking in . So that when the bat makes contact with the ball , it is an actual hit.The problems I have with this toy are : - the beginner setting is boring . the ball does n't even move off the tee . so the toy is essentially a stick on a rocking base . - the lights/music feature is very difficult for a baby to activate . On either setting , the base really has to almost fall over in order for the sensor to activate . We initially thought we just needed to change the batteries , but even with new batteries the sensor is not very sensitive . - There is no height adjustment for when the baby is sitting vs standing.Over all , I am very disappointed with this toy . Fisher Price ususally makes such great kids toys that really grow with baby . This toy is definitely not up to their usual standards.We kept the bat and ball and threw the base away . My son loves banging with the bat and trying to catch the ball when we roll it to him . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 I bought one of these and it was dead on arrival . Clock did not work . I returned it to the vendor and they sent me another . Once again dead on arrival . The clock did not work and also the time adjustment dial did not work either . I 'm guessing based on my experience that this is just a low quality product all around . Why else would the two that I got be dead on arrival ?
 The Dog Tag watch came in and was exactly as it was pictured . Since it was a stocking stuffer for my husband , I just wrapped it up and slipped it in the stocking quickly without really looking at it . When it was opened , it did not work . I contacted the seller who took several days to respond , then he wanted all kinds of information etc all on a 3x5 index card . Plus I had to pay to ship it back . It was so cheap , I decided it was not worth the effort and money to ship the thing back . I took it apart , found what kind of battery it took and went out and bought a battery for it , which cost another $ 5 . Fortunately , when I replaced the battery , it started right up . So far , it is keeping time . However , I would think that a reputible business would test their products to ensure they are leaving their warehouse in working order . The battery probably cost more than the actual watch , so in my opinion , this seller should have been more willing to fix the product , or ship a replacement .
 I have owned this for a about 1 year and I have yet to get it to work . It keeps defaulting to some preset stride length and the time I spent on resetting and rereading the instructions was a huge waste of time . Save your money and time .
 This watch is good looking and comfortable but as a collector of watches I was extremely disappointed by the overall quality for the price since the blue coloring of the actual watch began to scrape off of it indicating that the color is painted on and therefore subject to ugly scrapes and gouges .
 I 've been looking for a tide watch for awhile and recently bought the Lowdown in Gunship . A couple of my friends have had Nixon 's tide watches , the Lodown in particular , and everyone seemed to like them . Why , I 'm not sure because the tide settings are completely inaccurate for my beaches -LRB- Tampa , FL and Cocoa Beach , FL -RRB- . When the watch came in the mail , I was a little disappointed to see that the color was different from pretty much every picture found online . All the photos of the watch make the Gunship appear grey/blue and orange . In reality it 's more blue than I expected and the orange button is red . It 's still nice , just not what I expected . The materials look cheap , the watch is n't nearly as well made as I 'd expected and the material is so stiff it can be a little uncomfortable to wear.After spending some time reading the manual I realized there was no default setting for Tampa beaches . The closest thing was Panama City and it was nowhere near accurate . I tried using Nixon 's basic setting to customize the tide for my beach and that was also wrong . The gulf has some odd tides , sometimes with only one per day , so while Nixon 's formula for customizing tides may work in most places , it definitely does n't here.Next I tried setting it for Cocoa Beach , which is a little more regular and that tide time was also incorrect . It was n't terrible , but it was still wrong by about 5-7 minutes . Multiply that by a week and you 're going to be off by close to an hour at the end of the week.Pros : * Decent looking watch * Useful features -LRB- two time zones , future tides , wave counter , timer , chrono -RRB- Cons : * Inaccurate tides for many FL beaches * Poor tide customization methodIt 's not a huge deal that Nixon does n't include gulf beaches as defaults . They ca n't include every beach and I do n't expect them to . But I should at least be able to customize the tides to wherever I 'm at and Nixon 's method for doing that is poorly done.I ended up returning the Lowdown and gettingVestal 's The Brig , which I 'm much happier with .
 Nice style and look but after owning it for less than a year , brand new the case cracked and broke where it connects to the band , making it unwearable . Only option is to send it into Nixon to have a technician examine , either way it costs $ 22 to send in and even under warranty dose not cover `` wear and tare '' . Pretty lame considering it retails for over $ 100 . Consider this before purchasing .
 As you can read with the other reviews poor quality is a huge issue with this watch.I had the watch 2 days and it malfunctioned , It took 3 calls to Nixon -LRB- I finally gota hold of the customer service supervisor -RRB- to get them toissue a repair order . When I took the watch to the post office to Mail it back to Nixonthe person behind me saw my box and laughed , he had the same watch and had to send it backtwice.The Nixon Lowdown is a very good looking and comfortable watch , however for $ 90 you would think Nixoncould invest in quality and customer service.Be warned :1 . Many retailers will no longer take returns on Nixon Watches2 . If you have to return the watch to Nixon they require you to give them a credit card on ALL returns3 . This watch is complicated to set4 . The small print on the instructions tells you not to press the buttons underwater - an important detailGood Luck
 I have been wearing Nxion watches from their inception . All ... yes ... all of the watches I 've had from them , the battery is dead in less then a year . 6 months ago , I took all my Nixon watches to their offices for repair and battery replacement . They gave me the Lodown due to them not being able to fix one of the watches I gave them . Fast forward to today ... . The Lodown broke in the middle of the night . I woke up with the band broken off and the parts laying in the bed . I 'm now wearing one of the watches they replaced the battery on . This watch is now losing power . No surprise by me . Their battery 's never last longer then a year . I will never by a Nixon watch again .
 I got this watch for Valentine 's Day for my boyfriend . . it was a piece of crap . It looked nice but within the first week it had 2 scratches , and then -LRB- after him being really careful -RRB- 2 weeks after that it just stopped working -LRB- and it was n't a battery problem -RRB- . Dont waste your money on this cheap thing .
 I am so frustrated ! We bought a yellow lodown ... and within two weeks the band was discolored . The store would not take it back , but Nixon said they would replace it . It has been 1.5 months , and now they tell me they only have black or white and new colors may be available in June ! Really ? Spend $ 125 on a watch and it will take 5 months to replace it ! Do n't buy one ! The bands discolor immediately and then you are just SOL !
 I really like the size and functions of this watch . But even with the instructions my friends and I found this watch really confusing to use . You better be really patient , or preferably have the store set up the watch for you .
 Its the 3 watch i purchase 2 were out of battery within 5 months and this one not working options , menu and the hr doesnt stay permanently had to keep presing buttins to see hr
 It gets really dirty really fast and it is really expensive and it sucks i hate it alot alot alot of i want one ots 80 $ so screw it
 Watch looks great and has potential to be extremely useful . After attempting to set the time the watch went blank , reset and now has ROM fail displayed at all times which means the chip that stores all the info is useless ...
 I bought this watch with the idea that it would have accurate tide information-it dose n't . As a surfer I wanted a watch that would give me good &#34; preprogramed tide info &#34; . Tried to find tides for &#34; Corpus Christie &#34; Texas . No info , Closest beach was galveston ... about 40 minute difference . No way to offset . There is a basic beach mode which computes to about every 12 hours . Over a week the time goes way off . The pictures make it look like reading the watch is easy , it 's not . The black screen is really black and difficult to see unless you are in bright sunlight . Setting the this watch is difficult as well . Overall a bad choice . Would never buy another nixon product .
 I bought the Nixon lowdown watch and a few other models of Nixon for my kids since it was stylish and seems to be made well . At first the product looks great and well built with a pretty decent weight and feel to the body and strap . For the white model Lowdown watch , it gets really dirty and soiled very easily . I tried to scrub with soap and water with no luck as the dirt gets stained into the rubber . The strap is made of a chalky feeling rubber which at first seems okay but turned a tinted brown/gray color within a year period . The rubber housing where the strap connects to the watch broke off in 2 places where the pins were suppose to go into . I checked the Nixon website to view it 's 2 year warranty and it states that the strap and casing and many other normal things around the watch is not covered by the warranty . The Nixon quality is of VERY VERY POOR MATERIAL that is made cheaply and made to break within the warranty period and WILL NOT BE COVERED UNDER WARRANTY . Nixon knows there product is crap is why they do n't back it up.The warranty cover only watches that sits on a desk not being normally used and one day fails without touching the button or case . If the case falls apart it is not covered . I have Casio GShocks that is worn every day and still going strong over 5 years without and band breakage or reapirs needed . If you are looking for a disposible $ 100 crappy nice looking watch , then Nixon is what you want . If you want a watch that will last longer than a year and then some , then get a Casio . Nixon is my book is RANKED ZERO STARS for Quality and Warranty . Looks is 4-5 Stars . I recommend you stay away from this product !
 Ordered the Lodown for my 11 year old son for his birthday . After approximately 6 mos of use , the watch started to constantly reset itself . We replaced the battery but the watch continued to reset itself willy-nilly . The screw bracket where the band meets the case also broke without very much force . The last straw was when the watch started to beep continually - it seemed to be frozen . Had to remove the battery just to shut it up ! Wish I had read the reviews prior to purchasing . Nixon may be the cool watch to have but this model is very poor quality for $ 90.00 plus shipping ! Went to the Nixon website and they want a $ 67.00 pre-authorization on my credit card in case the repair does n't fall under warranty . That cost , coupled with the cost of postage to mail the watch to them , is prohibitive ! I might as well buy another watch for what that might cost me ! I wo n't purchase another Nixon .
 I received this watch as a gift for Christmas and was very excited . It worked great , was complicated to set but that 's no reason for a bad review . Then about a month and a half later , the watch malfunctioned showing ROM error . Did a bit of research found out that this was n't a unique problem , Nixon was reasonable to fix it but I do n't understand why I paid 100 $ for a watch that broke so quickly .
 I bought this watch because of the tide chart feature . The tide times are not even close . It even had a beach setting programed for the beach in my town and the tide predictions are off by hours ! Do not waste your money on this watch ! Right out of the box the screen also has a dark spot were the watch is malfunctioning . I wasted a hundred bucks on this horrible product . Please do n't do the same thing . Get a different watch ! I would give this watch no stars if this review would allow me to .
 Be warned , while the warranty says one thing Outdoor Products will NOT stand behind it.I have been in contact with them since July ' 10 . They admit the issue is covered , they continue to promise they will take care of me , and they continue to fail to do so.My pack is unusable due to Outdoor Products poor construction and failure to back it 's warranty .
 the size of the trophy is about 4 cm -LRB- 1 1/2 inch -RRB- tall , the size of the trophy does n't appear in the seller 's description .
 I realize now there is a one sentence description that is very important for you to read - THIS IS THE BLADE ONLY ! So why would the dealer display three knives all of a different size and shape , all with a different size and shape handle ? Talk about a misleading photo . You ca n't even buy the handles they show in the photo !
 This pot is more kettle like and not as shallow . My first one showed up cracked . The steel is VERY porous and brittle compared to other cast iron I 've had .
 first it comes in a cheap case , nothing really wrong with that.now you open it to find that you paid over $ 20 for a few band aids , some gauze , a few pain relievers , and some scissors ... oh yeah , do n't forget the safety pins and rubber gloves!take a walk down the first aid isle at your grocery store and you can buy more stuff than this kit includes and for less .
 There is a plastic ring that holds this lounge in shape . As soon as I tried to use this lounge the plastic ring snapped . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and 175 pounds . When I climbed onto the float both sides broke . I was not mis-using it . BAD PRODUCT at any price
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I purchased this part and NO WHERE in the auction does it say that it is a tube , not a complete wheel . What a joke , maybe someone at Deerso will learn how to read and/or write to correct this .
 Basically is a good gun . To me this is a replica made to look like the Chinese version of the Russian designed TT-Tokarev pistol during WWII . Its pretty accurate . although I modified mine with a new spring instead of the crappy copper spring it came with.Pros -- cool looking for any WWII fan-good quality-shipped fast-silent when firedCons -- a bit flimsy/wobbly-plastic ammo clip-saftey design . I hate the safety on this gun ! if you accidently tilt this gun the wrong way it will lock on you !
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I bought these for my dauger who wear a 4.5 . I wear a 8.5 and can literally wear these huge skates . They are not as cute ` in person ' as they are in the photo . And last , there are only three eyelets to lace them up , which means they are very hard to make tight .
 I ordered a Christmas present -- roller skates - from this company on December 13th . I emailed the company twice - they have n't acknowledged it . My status is listed as in process to ship ... As of today , I have not received any notifications about my purchase except when I look at the status on Amazon it states that it was cancelled yesterday . After calling Amazon - who said it was not cancelled - I got the run a round from FROGDOG who finally told me they do not have the item . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ... I should have read the reviews first
 I bought these skates for my step-daughter for her birthday and when I received them , straight out the box they looked like they have already been worn . The sole was really dirty and I tried cleaning them and was not successful . The skates coming straight out of the box should not look like they have been worn . Not happy at all with this purchase ... : -LRB-
 I just received these skates and opened the package to make sure the skates were okay before giving them to my daughter Christmas morning . Much to my surprise , on the soles of these skates , the rubber is SEVERELY discolored -LRB- brownish-yellow -RRB- , to the point they look like they are 20 years old . Them being jammed into the box and bent did n't really help them look very good either . Needless to say these skates are going back tomorrow ... not wasting my time ordering another pair when there obviously is not much quality control at amazon .
 I ordered these skates for my four year old daughter . When the package arrived , the box contained a warning label that read `` this product contains a chemical that is know in the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects . '' . Needless to say , I called amazon immediately , and they were wonderful . Amazon is taking them back and investigating these skates to determine whether or not they nee to remove them from the site .
 these look as cheap as something purchased in a dollar store ... the kids are getting these for Christmas let 's hope they at least last ... but I having a feeling they wo n't
 Ordered these lovely looking skates and received two right skates . Pretty sad Christmas Morning for my daughter . Refund and replacement would take 30 + days . So Caveat emptor!The product may look good . I am disappointed in the manufacturer as the skates not arrive in the condition promised nor could they be replaced quickly.Too bad .
 I ordered this around christmas and they must have ran out after I made the purchase because they sent me a pair of roller rink skates not the ones I ordered . There was no note in the box or option to send back and get my shipping/money for purchase back . I kept the other skates which were valued for more than these but I do n't know if I would trust this seller if buying a product that I would not want a replacement for .
 Just received these skates and there is a warning sticker on the box stating that they contain a know cancer causing chemical also with a birth defect warning . REALLY ??? I never would have purchased these skates knowing that . And I certainly wo n't be giving them as the intended Christmas present . This fact should have been stated in the description . Shame on you Amazon ! How disappointing .
 I have ordered this one for my daughter . the one which i got is the black one which is for boys . She refuses to use it .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These bottles have a wonderful `` patent pending '' cap , which consists a toothed base and top separated by a spring . The problem is that the two halves of the cap are joined by plastic butterfly tip , which means that any bump that snaps just one side of the rod will render the cap useless . Now , why brunton decided to patent this mechanism is beyond my understanding , since a monkey could have designed a better mechanism , and why the cap is made so that it can be carried by the cap is ridiculous , since any bump will break it . Either do yourself a favor and get a different bottle , or know that you will have to spend extra money buying a different brand cap .
 The caps for these fuel bottles are the worst caps I have ever seen . After 2 fills , the threads from both caps were almost completely stripped . Both of the bottles I received came with the child-proof caps that are very , very flimsy . One of the caps had the child-proof portion completely break off , rendering the stripped cap doubly useless . Now I have two bottles that can not be used at all . MSR caps will not fit apparently . Customer service is non-existent . I tried to contact Brunton by phone and email with no success . There is no place to buy replacement caps . It is cheaper to just buy MSR bottles and extra caps than to have completely useless fuel bottles after minimal use . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I 've switched it out several times and still found that the heart rate monitor jumps up to 220 + bpm regardless of what I am or am not doing . The company suggested hitting the reset button in the chest strap but that did n't work either . If you want a watch , it 's fine , but it has been completely inconsistent as a heart rate monitor . I am looking for a new one now .
 This is probably the monitor the President used to determine his heart rate is that of an elite athlete because I ca n't seem to record more than 35 bpm -LRB- in spite of having a resting pulse of around 60 -RRB- . Well , except for the time it told me my resting heart rate was 135 . I tried applying vaseline as others have mentioned but still ca n't seem to get an accurate reading . Recommendation for the manual says to make sure the strap is snug but it has to be uncomfortably snug for me to get a reading at all . I 've tried all sorts of tricks and re-read the manual several times but appear left with a bulky -LRB- thick -RRB- digital watch .
 The watch is okay but the heart rate monitor is anything but accurate . 240 bpm is a regular reading for me . I have tried water and heart rate monitor electrode cream . At times it is accurate but there are too many times when it is n't and I spend my time trying to get an accurate reading .
 IF this is midsize , a toyota corolla is a luxury car ! This is a small watch and because of that it is difficult to use . The chest band is barely adequate for a man with a 44inch chest , the watch band is short and NOT replaceable . The controls are small , sequences complicated and hard to use . It does appear to be accurate for land aerobics -LRB- why I gave it 2 stars -RRB- but NOT when swimming -LRB- apparently the water interferes with the chest sensor . -RRB-
 I am a fairly serious runner ; I run 50 miles/per week . I bought this HRM as a basic model to monitor my training . I 've been using it for two or three months now.Pros
 It is stylish , it is comfortable , but it NOT and accurate calorie counter . For a 30 minute walk with an average HR of 140 bpm , it calculated a calorie expenditure of 366 calories . Oh , that it were so ! I contacted Timex customer service , who actually gave me the formula for how they calculate calories burned . The formula and the HRM gave entirely different numbers . I was pleased with how it measured HR only . If you are looking for a HRM only with no calorie counter , it 's OK . If you want an accurate calorie counter , look further .
 We never got this flag but they sent a tire cover and that we gave to a nephew
 I love the watch ... I wear it everyday and I think the features , the comfort , and the style are all exceptional.The HRM function makes me sad ... I really wanted this to work better to be able to use to train with . Problem is , that the wireless connection `` drops '' too frequently and if you do n't notice it and reset it , you lose that data . . so it really does n't work for it 's intended purpose.I too have replaced the transmitter battery , but it did n't help.Love the watch ... . but it is just not a reliable HRM ... If you need a watch by a watch ... if you need a reliable HRM look elsewhere .
 This was great till the belt gave away after 6 months of use . Only if the product had a more durable belt . Gave my watch away to my 5 yr old . Out to spend another 100 bucks looking for a replacement watch .
 The heart rate feature is not user friendly and after using it approximately 6 times , it stopped working . Next Time Polar !
 I specifically bought this watch to swim with it , but the lap button for some reason does n't work well , and sometimes to be able to count the lap I have to press it hard and several times , which makes me even stop my training .
 One would think that a watch for an Ironman would function reasonably well in water . After just two months , the watch had condensation inside , which made it difficult to read , then finally stopped working altogther . I would recommend this watch for use on dry land only .
 It did work for three days ... After that I never got a reading from the belt . I changed the battery twice just to try everything.A disappointment.Search in Internet there are many complaint about the watch .
 I liked everything about this watch - easy to read , great price . Then the transmitter strap seperated at the joint between the main transmitter and the electrodes , making the unit worthless . Replacement band costs nearly as much as the entire unit . What good is a replaceable trasmitter battery if the strap breaks after 6 months . I replaced it with a Polar F6 . It cost more , but if it lasts one year I 'll be money ahead -LRB- plus it has a two year warranty -RRB- . If it does n't , replacement bands for the Polar are much easier to find , and cheaper .
 the watch features are great , but I could not get it to read my heart rate . I have contacted Timex and they have sent me another watch , still no heart rate . Now they are sendind me another chest strap , this is two weeks after I purchased it . I do n't think tha I shoudl be having this many problems with a new product . havein said that the customer service is great and they offer a cheap 5 year warranty for an additional $ 5 . If the new strap does not work I am going to buy a Polar RS 100
 I 've always used Timex watches and like them a lot . This was my first heart rate monitor watch . After about 9 months the heart monitor sensor started giving anomalous readings to the watch . I washed the leads , changed the battery , tried everything , but it would n't work . I finally read the manual and noticed where it says when you change the sensor strap battery , you have to push the reset button just above the battery with the battery in . I did that and it worked great . Wonder how many others had a similar issue but did n't read the manual to push the reset button after changing the battery in the sensor . You have to use a paper click , small screw driver , or similar to push it in ; it 's just above the battery.I gave this a ' 1 ' before I found the issue , and want to change it to a ' 4 ' now , but I can not change it after the fact ...
 I would love to tell you about this piece of electronics , but I have n't received it from the `` month and half ago '' order I placed . I am just wanting to know where it is ? Impatiently waiting ...
 I do n't have this exact watch , but I have an ironman of the same style -LRB- lacks the heart monitor -RRB- . There are two faults :1 . -RRB- The way the band attaches to the watch body is weak . Mine held for about 6 months before the band detached from the watch body . I have not been able to re-seat the band to the watch body .2 . -RRB- There is no rim to protect the watch face from scratching.Shame , because I like the watch : * open , breathable , and fast drying quality of the band * the large digits -LRB- easy to read under water -RRB- But even 2 stars is much for a watch that had a 6mo lifespan . Perhaps others will have better luck with the band.HTH
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Container indicated only a `` made for ... '' product identifier . I assume this is another one of those far east suppliers that have created a lot of attention with product contamination . Recall recent concerns about purity of human vitamins . I will not buy anything but American vitamin supplements for humans and animals . Therefore if the retail distributor will not identify the name and it 's source , then it is not for me .
 ITS AN ALRIGHT GAME . I GOT TIRED OF IT SO I PUT THE GAME DOWN AFTER LIKE A WEEK . TRUTH BE TOLD THERE ARE BETTER GAMES OUT THERE . JUST GET MADDEN YOU WILL BE HAPPIER .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I have tried this with and without the neutralizing tablets , and I can say that I do n't mind the taste . Plus , if you 're really thirsty , and have already been waiting 1/2 an hour to purify your water , chance are you wo n't want to wait another 3 or so minutes to make it taste a tiny bit better . Buy the one with just the purification tablets , you 'll save your self a few bucks .
 I WAS VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED AS THEY SEND ME '' SAND '' UGLY , COLOR , WHEN I HAD ORDERED WHICH DI '' NOT '' MATCH WITH MY BOAT . UNFORTUNATELY , I HAD TO GO IN A LONG SAILING TRIP THE NEXT DAY AND HAD NO TIME TO RETURN THEM ... BUT TRULY , I WILL HAVE TO GIVE THEM AWAY , BECAUSE I HAD TO '' RUN '' AND GET NEW ONES '' BLUE '' OR '' WHITE '' -LRB- COLOR THAT I HAD ORDERED FROM YOU -RRB- SO SORRY TO TELL YOU ALL THESE , BUT BETTER TO BE HONEST IN LIFE !!!! SINCERELY , FERNANDO
 This pedal has way to much high end . If you like your ears bleeding and messy tone then you will like it . But I prefer chunk in my metal . I would pass this up and get the Digitech grunge pedal or even the black 13 .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Very dissapointed , do not purchase this watch . Blacked out and reset itself the first week I wore it . Not worth the money . If it comes into contact with water it becomes useless . I have several of them and all have done the same thing .
 One should always TRY ON something as `` personal '' as a watch . So , rather than do that - I ordered mine on line for the LOOK - the convenience -LRB- no straps -RRB- and the ease of pressing the `` buy '' button rather than doing some actual research . I now regret not having made a sane decision . The large size appeared to be right when I read the stats , but is n't . It is too big - and too stiff to adjust to anything - including moving it up to my forearm . The digital function is hard to set - and worse yet , ca n't be seen in its unlit window . I bought mine on Ebay , so no return . Am definitely going to have to GIVE this away , but it was $ 60 . and that hurts ...
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I WAS VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED AS THEY SEND ME '' SAND '' UGLY , COLOR , WHEN I HAD ORDERED WHICH DI '' NOT '' MATCH WITH MY BOAT . UNFORTUNATELY , I HAD TO GO IN A LONG SAILING TRIP THE NEXT DAY AND HAD NO TIME TO RETURN THEM ... BUT TRULY , I WILL HAVE TO GIVE THEM AWAY , BECAUSE I HAD TO '' RUN '' AND GET NEW ONES '' BLUE '' OR '' WHITE '' -LRB- COLOR THAT I HAD ORDERED FROM YOU -RRB- SO SORRY TO TELL YOU ALL THESE , BUT BETTER TO BE HONEST IN LIFE !!!! SINCERELY , FERNANDO
 This is the second of these type watches I 've purchased in 6 weeks . The first lost the top of the watch in 3 1/2 weeks . I tried again with this purchase , and after 3 days the watch band broke.I think the Nike product is just put together poorly , and is no reflection on the vender , who saved me more than 1/2 price from the retail price .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 parece de juguete es muy peque & ntilde ; o y se da & ntilde ; o al tiempo muy rapido , mi esposa no pudo usarlo por mucho tiempo
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 I WAS VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED AS THEY SEND ME '' SAND '' UGLY , COLOR , WHEN I HAD ORDERED WHICH DI '' NOT '' MATCH WITH MY BOAT . UNFORTUNATELY , I HAD TO GO IN A LONG SAILING TRIP THE NEXT DAY AND HAD NO TIME TO RETURN THEM ... BUT TRULY , I WILL HAVE TO GIVE THEM AWAY , BECAUSE I HAD TO '' RUN '' AND GET NEW ONES '' BLUE '' OR '' WHITE '' -LRB- COLOR THAT I HAD ORDERED FROM YOU -RRB- SO SORRY TO TELL YOU ALL THESE , BUT BETTER TO BE HONEST IN LIFE !!!! SINCERELY , FERNANDO
 I WAS VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED AS THEY SEND ME '' SAND '' UGLY , COLOR , WHEN I HAD ORDERED WHICH DI '' NOT '' MATCH WITH MY BOAT . UNFORTUNATELY , I HAD TO GO IN A LONG SAILING TRIP THE NEXT DAY AND HAD NO TIME TO RETURN THEM ... BUT TRULY , I WILL HAVE TO GIVE THEM AWAY , BECAUSE I HAD TO '' RUN '' AND GET NEW ONES '' BLUE '' OR '' WHITE '' -LRB- COLOR THAT I HAD ORDERED FROM YOU -RRB- SO SORRY TO TELL YOU ALL THESE , BUT BETTER TO BE HONEST IN LIFE !!!! SINCERELY , FERNANDO
 I wore this necklace several times and now realize that I wasted my money . I ca n't even tell the necklace even has any titanium ... there is no magnetic field . If you want true titanium -LRB- no clothe cover -RRB- and that does seem to work ... stay way from the ` cloth ' covered ones since you ca n't verify what is underneath unless to disassemble to necklace . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I have the wrist phiten and it works great . I expected tension relieve in my neck but got more from wearing this neck one . They might be fakes . Buyer beware and check things out .
 I wore this for approximately 2 months , and hardly noticed any change . Maybe , I need to wear it longer , but I have noticed almost no improvement with my back pain .
 I have used one of these for a month , and I have observed myself , my general wellbeing , and my backpain with and without the necklace , while sleeping , while doing sport , while at the office ... and I have not noticed any difference at all . For this , and because , in my research , I have not been able to find a even a single scientifically justified reason for these to work , I am giving it one star . I only hope that others read this review and think twice before spending their money .
 I have also seen many people wear these . I workout a lot . I decided to order two braclets and measured my wrist at 7 1/8 and order 7 1/2 . I could not close the clasp . I sent them back only to have them returned !!! They told me it was custom - I order one black and one orange - how is that custom . I talked to two CS reps with the same answer - non-refundable !! They could have saved one customer by giving the correct size and sending back , instead they go to the expense of writing a letter and postage to send back the braclets.I have many people ask me about these in the gym - I can now tell them - DO NOT BUY , THE CS SUCKS . I guess I will find some kid in Middle School with skinny wrist and give it to them . I 'm blown away .
 I personally used the tape and the e-water lotion together and the combination effectively subdue my neck-shoulder ache which I have for many years . I applied the lotion daily after bath at night and replace the tape every 2-3 days . I am convinced with the technology that I decided to try their jewellery products since having the tape seen on body is not a pretty sight to public eye . Before I make any haste/impulse purchase , I googled for the product reviews and realised it is a mixed reviews - ~ 50:50 positive and negative . As I am convinced with what I have experienced with the tape and lotion effect , so I decided to trust my gut feeling to get the bracelet . I take it as the 50 % negative reviews could be because the users do not have any pain/aches to begin with so they do not experience any `` miracle '' . For example , if you have a flawless skin to begin with , you will not expect any miracle effect even if you apply La-mer/SKII/Lancome / Estee Lauder expensive skincare product daily . That 's the logic . I seriously ALMOST buy this product until I turned over the package and saw this
 the neckless is ok but the company i bought it from are very rude would never buy an ite fro the again.EVER
 The necklace was way to big and it was not the hot pink that was shown in the picture it had a more faded look .
 We have several Phitens - all of which are in the blue or black family . My daughter wanted an orange one , since her team colors are orange and white . In the photo , this looks like it is truly orange - and bright ! The reality is that it 's not . It 's a very dingy color , nearly brownish , and it almost looks as though it 's gone through mud and then someone attempted to wash it . Suffice it to say , I bought it for her for xmas , and she has n't worn it yet . I 'm thinking it will stay on her bureau . It 's too bad .
 The necklace is unattractive and doesnt lay right on your neck . It 's made of rope and magnets and the rope is too thick and twisted . I returned it asap.Phiten Star Necklace , Black , 22 ''
 this is a piece of crap i ordered my about 2 weeks ago and the only good thing about it was that it came about 2 days early which was good but the necklace broke the second day i got it .
 Yeah , so I was suckered into buying this product after seeing Josh `` LIAR '' Beckett wearing this during one of his pitching outings . Lem me just say THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP !!! No way does this thing relieve anything . I think its all in your head because when I first bought it I too believed it was working . But now MY BACK HURTS !!!! LIARS !!!! ARGH !!! PS Josh Beckett is currently injured ... On the other hand , it does look nifty so if youre just buying it for the look then go for it . If not , go to an asian massage parlor or something .
 Come on , people ! If these products really worked , everyone would wear them ! The manufacturers want you to think they work , so they can sell them and make $ $ $ . I have tried the phiten , and the balance bracelet , and magnetic therapy . I have noticed no change in my myriad aches , pains , and stiffnesses . I have worn a phiten necklace for over a month , just to give it a chance . If anything , I feel worse with it on , so I am giving up . Save your money !
 This bracelet does n't contain any `` ions '' , `` technology '' nor `` energy '' which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS . Do you know who first debunked these things ? * BENJAMIN * * FRANKLIN * did , two hundred years ago!He found out that it did n't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them , people could n't tell the difference . He told people they would increase strength , eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious `` energies '' . Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they `` worked '' . It 's just a bracelet . No ions . No technology . No energy . No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you do n't have a clue .
 My necklace broke within a few weeks of purchase . -LRB- The bracelet I bought with it was too small . I wore it anyways , and it fell off within days and I lost it . -RRB-
 After 2 days it broke . I contacted phiten and they told me since I did n't buy it from them I 'm screwed . I was able to fix and improve it I like it . Just poor craftmanship
 I do n't know who the hell thinks this works , but it does n't . Nice necklace though . I have n't stopped wearing it just because I do n't have any other necklace to wear .
 Very , very , very dissatisfied with this order ... NOT the correct size . NOT the item pictured . Not the item titled . Says 18 '' , but it came as 22 '' . I have a small neck ... However , it shipped/arrived extremely quickly . ONLY good thing about ordering this item . I could have gotten pretty much the SAME EXACT item for $ 4.99 from another seller on Amazon . Stole $ 10 from me .
 Well , I got what I ordered . Does it work for me ? No . Besides wearing it as a fashion item this necklace serves no other purpose . If you are having pains in your body try stretching or heading to the gym . I promise that will work better than some gimmick .
 I ca n't believe there are so many gullible people out there . These necklaces do n't actually do anything . Look up phiten and pseudoscience.Like David Hannum said , `` There 's a sucker born every minute . ''
 Bought the 22 inch Navy Blue one . Should have bought a longer one as it can still be seen when I wear formal shirts at work.More importantly , I dont see any benefits with wearing this.I will give it a couple of more weeks and if I still see no benefits , I will write it off as one of my many frivolous purchases .
 If your dog is better than mine it will stay on longer . But it is hard to stay put .
 I bought these red fins from the sports shop last month and took them back ... the size was perfect , but they are very stiff and gave me the most PAINFUL blisters ever . Plus , certain parts of the rubber just jab right into the bone of my feet , making the swimming experience extremely painful.I even bought fin socks ... did n't help ... I used to swim competitively , and bought these because it was the model recommended for speed and racing purposes , but I used them more for straight lap swimming and fast kicking ... maybe the blue ones are more comfortable , but I know that for me , these red ones just killed my feet.I guess the 're just meant to be worn for 5 minutes -LRB- or 1 lap -RRB- in the water , or something ...
 I bought these red fins from the sports shop last month and took them back ... the size was perfect , but they are very stiff and gave me the most PAINFUL blisters ever . Plus , certain parts of the rubber just jab right into the bone of my feet , making the swimming experience extremely painful.I even bought fin socks ... did n't help ... I used to swim competitively , and bought these because it was the model recommended for speed and racing purposes , but I used them more for straight lap swimming and fast kicking ... maybe the blue ones are more comfortable , but I know that for me , these red ones just killed my feet.I guess the 're just meant to be worn for 5 minutes -LRB- or 1 lap -RRB- in the water , or something ...
 I bought these red fins from the sports shop last month and took them back ... the size was perfect , but they are very stiff and gave me the most PAINFUL blisters ever . Plus , certain parts of the rubber just jab right into the bone of my feet , making the swimming experience extremely painful.I even bought fin socks ... did n't help ... I used to swim competitively , and bought these because it was the model recommended for speed and racing purposes , but I used them more for straight lap swimming and fast kicking ... maybe the blue ones are more comfortable , but I know that for me , these red ones just killed my feet.I guess the 're just meant to be worn for 5 minutes -LRB- or 1 lap -RRB- in the water , or something ...
 I bought these red fins from the sports shop last month and took them back ... the size was perfect , but they are very stiff and gave me the most PAINFUL blisters ever . Plus , certain parts of the rubber just jab right into the bone of my feet , making the swimming experience extremely painful.I even bought fin socks ... did n't help ... I used to swim competitively , and bought these because it was the model recommended for speed and racing purposes , but I used them more for straight lap swimming and fast kicking ... maybe the blue ones are more comfortable , but I know that for me , these red ones just killed my feet.I guess the 're just meant to be worn for 5 minutes -LRB- or 1 lap -RRB- in the water , or something ...
 This watch is advertized with a stainless steel bezel and a mineral crystal . NOT TRUE They are both made of plastic . Bug spray such as Deep woods off or Cutter will disolve the crystal and bezel leaving you with a milky crystal and disolved bezel . This is n't a good watch for the outdoorsman or Ironman unless you work out indoors on a treadmill.I found out the hard way but still within 2 weeks of recieving it so Amazon returned it for credit . Thank you Amazon for the credit . -LRB- Update to review -RRB- Amazon has now changed the description to more accurately describe the watch .
 I bought these red fins from the sports shop last month and took them back ... the size was perfect , but they are very stiff and gave me the most PAINFUL blisters ever . Plus , certain parts of the rubber just jab right into the bone of my feet , making the swimming experience extremely painful.I even bought fin socks ... did n't help ... I used to swim competitively , and bought these because it was the model recommended for speed and racing purposes , but I used them more for straight lap swimming and fast kicking ... maybe the blue ones are more comfortable , but I know that for me , these red ones just killed my feet.I guess the 're just meant to be worn for 5 minutes -LRB- or 1 lap -RRB- in the water , or something ...
 This item is advertised as a replica of the I dream of Jeannie bottle from the series of the same name . It 's an inflatible item as stated by the vendor . The problem is it 's very difficult to inflate and even when you do -LRB- and it takes a long time -RRB- it is not a `` replica '' of the I dream of Jeannie Bottle . It 's described in a mis-leading matter and after this I found a real replica and it 's night and day . This one I deflated but that sure did n't take long.I feel it 's also a high price between the tag price and shipping for what it is . It looks like something you 'd float in a pool .
 I was very disappointed in this item . I thought it was a `` bottle '' and it is `` just a balloon . '' If you can find a REAL Genie Bottle , I sure would be interested in looking at it .
 The bottle LOOKS pretty . . but it was very flimsy . It was for a Halloween costume . . so it served its purpose . . but I would n't waste my money on it again if I had the choice .
 I bought these red fins from the sports shop last month and took them back ... the size was perfect , but they are very stiff and gave me the most PAINFUL blisters ever . Plus , certain parts of the rubber just jab right into the bone of my feet , making the swimming experience extremely painful.I even bought fin socks ... did n't help ... I used to swim competitively , and bought these because it was the model recommended for speed and racing purposes , but I used them more for straight lap swimming and fast kicking ... maybe the blue ones are more comfortable , but I know that for me , these red ones just killed my feet.I guess the 're just meant to be worn for 5 minutes -LRB- or 1 lap -RRB- in the water , or something ...
 could this gun get any smaller ? be carefull not to crush it in ur hand !
 I received this watch form the Sports watch store on time , it came very fast . I love the look of this watch it is awesome with the red hour and minute hands that accent the black dial . I ordered it right away , and got it but I was VERY disappointed , the watch was perfect do n't get me wrong . The sizing is completely WRONG , the case diameter was way off , this is a very small watch . From the minute I opened it I did n't like it , and I was very upset that the sizing was wrong . The case diameter is more like 38 not 41mm . I wanted to return it and get something else . I went to return it and they were very fast on answering back , but since the company is in Singapore the shipping was ridiculous . FedEx was 90 $ and UPS was 50 $ definitely not worth it , and they did n't offer to pay the shipping which was stupid , so now I 'm stuck with it and have to figure out what to do with it . This is a fantastic watch , but if you order DO NOT ORDER IT FROM HERE ! order from a different company or get it off Ebay , do n't deal with this . hope this is helpful to everyone !
 I am very unhappy . I wanted to give this jersey to my wife for Christmas . He 's her favorite player . I ordered it in plenty of time . I think it was the 10th of December . The shipping was outrageous but I needed it in time . Well , they e-mail me to tell me they ran in to a bump in the road . Can you believe that . Offered me other Jerseys but not the one she would want . Today is the 21st of December and still NO jersey . I 'm sure once I do get it she 'll love it but in the mean time , I 'm pissed cause I ca n't give it to her on Christmas .
 First off I 'll say it was my fault for not reading the details carefully enough . I had just ordered a Premier style jersey with the stitched letters and numbers and loved it . This Hines Ward replica jersey was the screen printed version with the mesh type fabric to let in air . Not a ` bad ' jersey but not at all what I was looking for . I had no issues returning the item and getting a refund .
 Received jersey with wrong name and number . Hines Ward jersey with the wrong number . Customer service representative was rude on the phone disputing the fact that the jersey was wrong . Never sent postage to be able to return ... still have the jersey sitting in the closet .
 First off I 'll say it was my fault for not reading the details carefully enough . I had just ordered a Premier style jersey with the stitched letters and numbers and loved it . This Hines Ward replica jersey was the screen printed version with the mesh type fabric to let in air . Not a ` bad ' jersey but not at all what I was looking for . I had no issues returning the item and getting a refund .
 Received jersey with wrong name and number . Hines Ward jersey with the wrong number . Customer service representative was rude on the phone disputing the fact that the jersey was wrong . Never sent postage to be able to return ... still have the jersey sitting in the closet .
 I am very unhappy . I wanted to give this jersey to my wife for Christmas . He 's her favorite player . I ordered it in plenty of time . I think it was the 10th of December . The shipping was outrageous but I needed it in time . Well , they e-mail me to tell me they ran in to a bump in the road . Can you believe that . Offered me other Jerseys but not the one she would want . Today is the 21st of December and still NO jersey . I 'm sure once I do get it she 'll love it but in the mean time , I 'm pissed cause I ca n't give it to her on Christmas .
 A fabric bracelet with a glued on velcro closure . After a few days of wearing the velcro portion of the closure fell off . I reglued it , and it fell off again . I then reglued it with Lock-Tite silicone glue , and it has stayed on for the past few days . Not worth the price -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , just a cheaply made cloth braclet that does nothing . It does look kind of cool on though .
 Bracelet was small , and lacking in quality . Also , I knew if I wore this golfing at some point the velcro would open and I 'd lose it . Just was not secure on the wrist . I sent it back . However , I did order the PHI-TEN Titanium Necklace , Camouflage in Black and Grey , 18 Inches and I like it . Do I think it provides any type of medical stimulation ? No , but I like the look of it .
 Have tried wearing for an extended period of time and noticed no change or improvement . Unable to tell if it helps or not , so that is the reason for my review .
 This was one of those , `` maybe my common sense is on holiday '' items . I had had an accident and damage to an ankle that was described vividly by one of the reviewers and hope that as this wristlet had helped him - etc , etc , etc.It did n't . Pity.But that 's me .
 This bracelet does n't contain any `` technology '' nor `` energy '' which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS . Do you know who first debunked these things ? * BENJAMIN * * FRANKLIN * did , two hundred years ago!He found out that it did n't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them , people could n't tell the difference . He told people they would increase strength , eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious `` energies '' . Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they `` worked '' . It 's just a bracelet . No technology . No energy . No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you do n't have a clue .
 The bracelet was a little too small for my wrist , but I wore it anyway and it fell off and I lost it within a few days of purchase . -LRB- The Phiten necklace that I bought with it broke after a few weeks . -RRB-
 The bracelet does not have any of the SUPER POWERS that the product claims to have . It 's just an expensive piece of rubber .
 I have arthritis in both hands and wrists . Tried this as a last resort to help me and it did nothing . They do n't work at all . I play golf and was really hoping it would help . I felt absolutely nothing .
 Beware this is NOT for your BLUE falcon horn , they require a different refill that is NOT FLAMMABLE.USELESS . who would use a horn with highly flammable gas anyware around people !!!
 I purchased 3 of these air horns to use at my sons football games . I tested 1 at home , if made a loud sound , I was happy ! When we got to the game , only a weak little hissing sound came out , and then liquid started spewing from the horn . I opened a 2nd package , same thing and I ca n't understand why . I did n't shake it , I did n't over-tighten the ordage horn , but they only work sporadically and were a HUGE waste of money . I purhcase a different air horn -LRB- same concept with the screw on top -RRB- at K-Mart , it was $ 22 , but it worked great from the first blast to the last ! I highly recommend you stay away and save yourself the disapointment !
 Bought a few for New Years Eve and what a disappointment!Each one gave a blast of one loud sound and then nothing . Each one leaked and never work again . Horrible , I recommend you buy another product .
 Never thought I 'd complain about an air horn being too loud . The first push of the button actually hurt my ear drums and I could n't hear for about 30 minutes . I believe this item is dangerous to ones hearling and unsafe to use . One thing that makes Amazon my favorite shopping site is that they are great about returns . They accepted my return request , no questions asked.On the flip side . If you want a loud air horn and wear some kind of ear protection -LRB- you and anyone around you -RRB- then this is the horn for you .
 This is a piece of junk , does not work . Air comes out but makes a feeble , anemic noise that does n't even phase my cat . Not worth the shipping to send back . Go to Wal-Mart and get one that works .
 Watch came with a dead battery . Very frustrating that after purchasing an inexpensive watch - on purpose , not even the battery was fully charged . Now I have to spend another $ 10 to replace the battery .
 The instruction manual suck - absolutely think Timex needs to get Americans to write the instruction manualIt is still sitting in the box !!!!!!!!
 this is expensive it ripped apart when i put my gun in there and took 1 month for me to get it
 This thing is just enough of a pain to set up and carry around that it is worth it only if you are camping for at least a few nights in a larger tent . We use it for 4-5 night music festivals & such where it can be great to have . For 2-3 nights in the same spot it just is n't worth it , as it is a bit heavy , kind of a pain to set up , and all around just too much trouble .
 I bought two of these with enough time for our annual family camp out . Unfortunately , that event came and went , and I 'm still waiting for them to arrive .
 The leather was too wide for the holes in my glove -LRB- Rawlings -RRB- and was very stiff . I originally bought it because it could be shipped with Amazon Prime , but ended up buying the Rawlings product after concluding that this one was n't usable .
 The glove repair kit had a couple of problems . First , the leather strip is larger than on the original glove . Second , and really irritating , the metal tool comes out of the wooden handle . I had to glue the metal rod into the handle and wait a day until it dried .
 These shorts are very thin and offer little coverage at the gym . Perfect for exhibitionists . The waistband is unattractive , I would never wear them without a t-shirt hanging over the waist .
 I purchased 3 pairs of these shorts to replace a favorite pair I purchased 2-3 years ago . The new shorts were made of VERY THIN material . I dried them on low heat - they shrunk significantly and I ca n't wear them .
 The shorts were a good fit for the first wear but shrunk down to almost unwearable with one wash . If you are going to buy this product -LRB- which I would n't recommend -RRB- , buy at least a size larger than you normally would !
 The item I received has a very wide waistband . This is not how it is pictured in the photograph . Also , the waistband is too wide -LRB- and not teamed with elastic -RRB- , just a drawcord . As a result , the fit is quite , quite poor ; there is very little adjusting one can do without the waistband bunching up . Result = poor fit . Quite disappointing and MISLEADING promotional photograph .
 The shorts were fine but not at all the quality I expected . They were much thinner than the ones I was trying to replace . They were also a very dull color of gray compared to the usual , light gray color .
 I bought this watch as a replacement for an older Timex that had similar features . I love the features -- both analog and digital , alarm , timer , Indiglo , multiple time zones -LRB- it says three but it really is one analog and two digital time zones -RRB- . Unfortunately the rotating bezel did not work at all -- the numbers are there but it does not rotate at all . This was one of the reasons I bought this model.When it arrived , I started to set the time , alarm , etc. . The buttons were slow to respond and then it started beeping continuously -LRB- like a loud alarm -RRB- and none of the buttons worked at all . I could not get it to stop making noise and it did so for almost an hour.Eventually it stopped making noise and seemed to begin working properly again . I had read the other negative review but dismissed it as a one-time defect . Now that it has happened to me and did so right out of the box , I do not recommend this watch .
 I bought this watch a little over a year ago . Yesterday it started ringing and found that the battery needed to be changed . Spent $ 7.25 to have battery changed , started ringing in less than an hour . Went back to battery store and found the watch had fried the battery and was junk . I no longer had the recipt for proof of purchase for any warranty . I expected the watch to last longer then this .
 NBA street volume 1 was a great game . Volume 2 was even better but volume 3 was just awful . The moves and the graphics are just not great .
 NBA Street Volume 3 was a huge disappointment . If you want an unrealistic game , get this one . The players jump 30 feet in the air when they dunk and spin 720 's at the same time . NBA Street Volume 2 is the way it should have been made .
 Graphics - LOOKS better , but the camera is worsened . Clipping still around.Sound - 9 tracks , no custom soundtrack is a disgrace ... if any other company pulled that I bet MS would strip their dev . kits . Oh yeah , the announcer is wack too . The surround sound is mediocre.Control . There is no reason not to have 3 turbo buttons when there are free buttons on the controller . The trick stick is a nice idea though even though it takes a long time to adjust to it . This game does n't have the casual appeal of the first two games.Online play - VERY slow level system . In order to sustain interest people would have to play different types of games ... well I 'll tell you the only games you 'll find that get played are normal ones . Besides that the community for this game is not big enough to hold the system EA has in place up . Most people will tire of the gameplay -LRB- which is worse , discussed below -RRB- WELL , WELL before they have any kinds of decent stats and simply quit . Also the way they have random players on your team makes little to no sense . Sure you have NBA games but it still is bogged down by poor gameplay changes.Gameplay - For one , steals are too easy and it practically ruins the game . It 's ridicoulous . Next paint camping is alive and well . Most people who make noise online have 7 ' 5 players who just sit in the court all day . EA should of make a 3 sec . violation . Next belive it or not the games shooting is n't even right . It 's almost random . One day your tall guy will sink 5/6 threes and then the next three games you 'll skinny guy will make 2/15 threes . It 's the same deal with dunks . The loft passes are stupid -LRB- getting the ball stolen right when you catch the ball is what made me sell the game -RRB- and the dunk contest is nothing more than a novelty . Finally , they changed the gamebreakers . Now strategy is goine , once you master it you can get the max points every time and the only way to stop it is mash on the steal button before they get to the paint.So in the end avoid this game , you have been warned .
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 The major problem that I see with this gun is its flimsy construction . The only thing attaching the pump to the spring is a small piece of plastic . If you pump the gun too fast the plastic will snap and you will be left with a piece of scrap plastic . I would highly recommend looking at other shotguns , even if they are more expensive , because this shotgun will truely only last you between 1-3 weeks .
 Ok now the first day i got this i was really excited . I took it out immedieatly and started playing with it . At first it seemed awesome and the shooting was pretty good . But when i layed it on the ground it just . . SNAPPED!I was Like WTH . Well most of the outside was all open and stuff but somehow it could still shoot . So i was like ok ... and played with it some more then it just stopped working ... I definetly do NOT ! Reccomend this gun . And its cheap so i guess you get what you pay for but ya still DONT BE STUPID AND BUYTHIS PRODUCT ! DONT GET IT . . !
 I am a medium ... I have been a medium for about 20 years . This medium fits me as if it wree a large or even an extra large . I also wish that the tag was non-existent -LRB- as other moisture wicking t-shirts have evolved towards -RRB- . Good price ... Yet you might want to keep looking .
 Sized a little too big for me other than that I guess I need to grow into itWhich can be used to motivate
 I am a medium ... I have been a medium for about 20 years . This medium fits me as if it wree a large or even an extra large . I also wish that the tag was non-existent -LRB- as other moisture wicking t-shirts have evolved towards -RRB- . Good price ... Yet you might want to keep looking .
 Sized a little too big for me other than that I guess I need to grow into itWhich can be used to motivate
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 These are suitable for average home use , I guess . They 're light , they 're slippery , and nowhere near casino quality . No , they 're not as light as the super cheap plastic ones , but they 're about 3g off of casino weight.Also , when I 'm at a table I usually shuffle my chips constantly , which you can not do with these due to the fact that they 're plastic and slippery . I mean , you CAN shuffle them , but not very easily or very well.Anyway , if you 're looking for a run of the mill , plastic poker chip for occasional home games , sure . . why not . . but if you play poker with any level of seriousness , your friends are going to make fun of you for using these . And , for the price , go buy one of the clay composite sets .
 The watch works fine but the alarm button/pull came out after only a few weeks of use .
 I washed it one time the white puma mark get darker and small white spot appears on the shirt.Do ' t buy this product . this is not original puma
 What a disappointment . We planned on using this cooler when we went on vacation but the thing did n't cool down at all . I plugged it in at the house for 12 hrs to get it cooled down then put some items in it -LRB- from the refrigerator -RRB- to see if it would keep the items cold . Guess what ? It could n't keep them cool . It barley got down to 65 degrees in the cooler and the house temp was around 78 . So I returned it and got a regular cooler for 1/4 of the price .
 Let 's make it a simple review.Cons :1 . It drops temperature by 20 degrees , not 40 , unless you test it outdoors in Alaska early Spring .2 . no AC power supply with the unit3 . razor sharp metal parts inside that will cut your zip-locks or your hand4 . cost way more then it is worth5 . has no good cover seal6 . tips over real easy7 . it is noisy and energy inefficientPros :1 . It looks good ! 2 . Is designed for people that do n't know how to read thermometer.Now you can check 70 other reviews -LRB- to date -RRB- and make your selection.Yes , it was shipped back . Thank You Amazon for understanding!Nough said .
 My Koolatron P-75 cooler stopped working after 7 uses . When contacted , Koolatron did not want to be bothered with `` my problem '' . They refused to answer my 2nd e-mail , basically telling me to send it to be repaired at my expense . Poor quality , poor customer service , poor customer relations .
 My koolatron lasted about 9 months before the fan went out . I kept it in my office at work to keep my drinks and lunch cold , and it worked very well for that purpose . Also the slim shape is nice to wedge between your desk and the wall without taking up much room . Then one day a co-worker was walking by my office and asked if I could smell something burning . I agreed , then went into my office and immediately checked the koolatron . As I got my face close to the back of the unit , I could feel some intense heat coming off , and I noticed that the fan had quit working and the smell in the office hallway was the heat exchanger burning some of the surrounding plastic . I 'm just glad that I was present to unplug the unit before it burst into flames . I used to leave the cooler plugged in when I went home at night so I could have a cold soda in the morning -LRB- it takes about 4 hours to cool drinks if you just plug it in first thing in the morning -RRB- . If the fan had gone out at night this could have been a big problem for me -LRB- and my company -RRB- . This product should have an automatic shutoff if the fan is not spinning for safety purposes.I would not recommend this product for office use as I described above or long periods of un-supervised use . It would be nice in a car , but make sure that the fan is operating each time and do not block the back of the unit . This will overheat quickly if venting is not possible .
 Cooler lasted less than 5 uses and now does not heat or cool . Customer service/warranty is also worthless . Buy this is you want to waste your money .
 Very soft plastics on the cooling unit which is so fragile you do not want to touch it with any food/beverage inside . The outside plastic wall is made of very thin PVC which bends under your hand when you try to slide the coller in the trunk . When pushed , the wall bends and touches the fins of the fan stopping it . There is no switch for the cool/warm modes ! You would have to change the polarity on the plug ! - Really cheaply made . I would describe it as if someone in canada making it in his/her own garage using retired plastic meting tools : -RRB- It does cool OK though which means the cooling element is working as expected but I would not buy this cooler again.Hope this review will help to improve the quality of this unit .
 We were very sorry that this item broke down for us - even after we returned the first and then tried a brand-new second one . We purchased the first in June for a 3-week road trip in July . We also purchased the AC adapter , especially given that the manufacturer recommends when you 're on the road to keep the unit going at night with the adapter so it remains cool . The first two weeks , it was fine . Then it all of a sudden , with no warning , stopped working . Whether using the cigarette lighter outlet in the car or the AC adapter - it was dead . We returned it to Amazon when we got home and they were wonderful about sending us a new one to replace it very quickly . Then we went for a 3-day trip with the new one over Labor Day . This time the new one lasted maybe 10 hours on the first day and also died . Amazon allowed us under the circumstances to return both cooler and AC adapter -LRB- minus 20 % which I ca n't kick too much about -RRB- . However , our experience leads me to question whether Amazon should continue to carry this `` product . '' We followed all the instructions and did not abuse it in any way and it was definitely very nice - WHILE it worked . Sorry to be so negative but I 'm sure you want the truth before you lay out this kind of money for something that can so easily and consistently stop working .
 We bought this for our family road trips . We got to use it TWICE ! The two times we used it , it was great and kept everything inside cool . The third time we went to use it , it was completely dead . We bought all the recommended adaptors and followed the instructions that came with it . Though it worked great two times , it 's definately too expensive to only use twice then have to trash . We were very disappointed and are still looking for a good RELIABLE cooler .
 I ordered the Koolatron P20 from Amazon on October 13 , 2010 and received it promptly from Ace Photo Digital , their outside source . In the car I noticed no real cooling , so I decided to try it in the house using the A/C adapter , which I also had ordered . The house temperature was 70 degrees . I used a refrigerator thermometer which I placed in the bottom of the cooler . After 21 hours of `` cooling '' the temperature inside the cooler was 63 degrees , nowhere near the advertised 40 degrees below ambient temperature . I did n't expect it to cool to 30 degrees -- it is not a refrigerator -- but I did expect better than 63 . I have returned the cooler for a refund .
 I am greatly upset , I received this item within 24 hours of ordering it which was INSANELY fast delivery , however I received it WITHOUT ANY PLUG !!!! I can not use this item AT ALL . It is marketed/advertised that it comes with an AUTO / D/C plug included to plug in and use in your car , and if you wanted to buy the optional A/C HOUSE plug it was sold seperately . It is supposed to come with the AUTO DC plug , which I am shocked and pisssed off it did n't . I am returning this ASAP and will never order another product from this company ever .
 I bought this cooler-heater together with an AC Adapter through Amazon.Subsequently I read where their AC Adapter caused fires.I wrote to Koolatron to see if they had modified the Adapter to prevent these fires and they refused to answer me.I am not sure why Amazon still carries the product under these circumstances .
 Overall , just not happy with this cooler . It 's fits very perfectly behind the driver 's seat of my SUV . The unit is smaller than the picture presents it . The picture shows 1/2 gallons of milk/juice in the cooler but neglects to tell you that you ca n't have anything in front of the fan . Therefore , 2 - 1/2 gallons do n't fit . The unit is also really loud . I bought this cooler , and car adapter , to transport perishable items for a baby . Only I do n't trust that it keeps milk and milk products cold enough . Nothing is ever cold . The temperature feels similar to something sitting in front of a fan . A regular cooler with ice would be better . If you 're just storing soda , fine . But I would n't use it for longer periods of time with perishable items . Buy an Igloo cooler and lots of ice .
 I bought this cooler specifically to cool beverages while driving . Not only did it keep sliding around and falling over , it also proved impractical since it does n't cool beverages quickly enough to make it worthwile for use while driving . A traditional cooler box with ice-packs has since replaced it .
 I was honestly disappointed with the workout . I teach Barre and have been to many classes and found this boring . The exercises were challenging but the teaching was boring .
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 I do not recomend this item as it is not endorsed by the people who have the Pink Warrior trademark .
 It is very noisy.Takes long time to cool down.And it is overprised.I will need to return it .
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 I grew up 25-35 years ago using Zebco reels -LRB- mainly their 202 model -RRB- . The old 202 's would work for years and years . I used mine from Ohio to Georgia , and everywhere in between . They worked great , and rarely gave me any trouble.When my son asked me to take him fishing recently , I `` splurged '' and got myself a new rod , and a brand new reel . I went with the brand I knew & trusted from my childhood , and got a Zebco 404 . I am regretting that decision.The Zebco 404 certainly is cheap . Not inexpensive , but > cheap < . If you unscrew the front cover , then try to screw it back on , feel the nice abrasive scraping of cheap plastic rubbing on cheap plastic . It certainly does n't inspire confidence.The threaded nut that fastens the spinnerhead on the front of the spool came loose after a couple hours of use . One drop of thread locking adhesive would have prevented this . If Zebco was too cheap to use Loctite on the threads , then torquing it properly at the factory might have also done the job.If you do n't mind only casting out 15-20 feet before the line tangles inside the reel , then THIS REEL IS FOR YOU ! I had this problem with the factory supplied line , and also with the two different types of line I wound onto the spool . Prior to reloading the spool with line the most recent time , it was so tangled that I had to cut the line from the spool , one dinky section at a time -LRB- using suture scissors & hemostats - NOT fun at all -RRB- . As a kid , I NEVER had this much trouble with my Zebco reels . A couple weeks ago , at our last fishing trip -LRB- ~ 4 doz bluegills , a few largemouth bass , and a couple crappie -RRB- , I ended up swiping my son 's -LRB- non-Zebco , no-name -RRB- rod & reel combo . It worked SO MUCH better than my super-duper new Zebco 404 . Definitely a `` thumbs down '' on this reel , and a big question mark on the build/design quality of other Zebco reels .
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 So i take the coil out of the package and everything looks great and im super excited i dont have to carry my c02 tank on the gun anymore . But when i plug it into the c02 all the air comes spraying through a leak in the coil and within seconds all my c02 is gone . BUMMER
 The knife has good looks as far as styling but is n't very comfortable to grip because the rivets are not recessed . this is the only knife I have ever seen that is made like this . They actually bulge from the handle . They should have recessed the rivets.Also for a knive maker with a reputation for excellence the finish on the blade was rather crude with spots that ca n't be removed without abrasives which would ruin the looks.I am not happy with this knife .
 The item arrived broken , front barrel assembly and silencer seem very cheaply made . -LRB- Even for a toy -RRB-
 I bought this gun thinking it was a good one . when it arrived i tried it and it seemed okay.after about 2 weeks the stock broke , it wouldnt fire and the flashlight shut down . I would reccomend it to no one .
 I pulled the gun out of the box thinking it was going to be amazing . It wasnt . I charged it up and brought it outside to shoot it . Even from point blank it wouldnt pierce the box it came in -LRB- which was thin cardboard -RRB- . For some reason the BBs flew way to the right of where i was shooting , so i couldnt hit what i was shooting at in the first place . I even shot myself in the hand at point blank , it didnt even leave a welt ! Every gun me or any of my friends have gotten hsa either been total crap , or has broken before we could even use it . One more thing , the red dot sight and the other little things that came with it either broke or didnt work in the first place . DO NOT BUY THIS GUN under any circumstances exept for a 4 year old to play with .
 This item looked cool but it never worked correctly . Made cheaply . Difficult time with getting my refund upon return . Poor customer service !
 Got this gun for my stepson for christmas , it broke putting it together and i am actually on the phone right now typing this review because once i finally got ahold of human being on the phone , he didnt barley speak engligh , cant find my information and now i have a broken gun that i paid double the price they have on here now for . great .
 Do not get this . Not a shipping error , but a stupid mistake many people make . 200 fps for this price ? 66 dollars for 200 fps is not good , starter or expert.Do you know what else you can get ? For 10 more dollars , go get a Crosman r75 . 340-370 fps at LEAST.But this ? Not even free shipping . Do not get . If you press to hard on the automatic release button , it will break . And guess what ? You ca n't return it in that condition , meaning you wasted $ 66 on something you ca n't even reload anymore.Pros : Semi/Full AutomaticCons : Clip release breaks EASILYHigh priceTrashyOne of Cyma 's worst products200 fpsNot a good starterScope batteries break after a weekStock can also breakSilencer is n't realNot accurateLow velocityWhat I recommend instead of this
 ok listen this gun is just as good as a walmart gun that someone beat with a hammer ! this gun is not worth the price . i got it a week after i ordered it on and then it broke 3 days after i used . and i took good care of it . its made of cheap plastic which is why im trying to get a refund . the dot sight never worked the battery lasts maybe 30 mins and its a pain to reload and load . the high capaity mag is crap it jams and gets stuck easily !!! i deffinetly do NOT recommend it for anyone !
 I read plenty of reviews and did research on this gun before putting it on my X-mas list . Most of the reviews I read , were on Amazon . Apparently a lot of people do n't know what they 're talking about . Unless my gun had a serious defect , which I seriously doubt , but that would still be noteworthy to all potential buyers.All of the facts on websites selling this gun are wrong . It shoots nowhere near 200 fps . Maybe closer to 100 fps . The total range of the weapon is about 20 feet . I had trouble hitting the screen wall from inside our enclosed back yard patio . The patio is no bigger than your average room ! The pellets practically roll out of the barrel . You 're better off using the gun at night when nobody can see how it fires . They 'll be intimidated by the sound at best . I was terribly disappointed when I finally fired it . After all the anticipation and thinking how good a deal it was with all the accessories . Now I see why it was so cheap.The gun itself feels rather solid , and it looks great . It has a high rate of fire and the battery , despite being small to fit in the handgrip , does last a while . Many of the accessories can probably be used on other guns . Not sure about the magazines being compatible with other MP5s , but the high capacity magazine worked rather well , held lots of ammo and reloads fairly quickly . You just have to keep winding it up while you 're using it so it feeds continuously . The red dot scope even came with batteries too . The gun itself just does n't perform at all.To be fair , I was never expecting a high quality Tokyo Marui equivalent , or something that could penetrate cardboard boxes for the $ 30 it was selling for when I looked at it . I just wanted something that sprayed decent cover fire to about 50 feet . It does n't even meet those needs . Forget about upgrading the internal parts to make it a worthwhile gun either . It uses a non-standard gearbox so gear and spring upgrades wo n't fit.The reason this gun got one star is because that 's the lowest rating you can give ! Also , it does come with plenty of accessories for the money , which is probably it 's only positive quality . Unfortunately , this review is for a gun that comes with accessories , not accessories that came with a gun , so the gun 's qualities should have the biggest impact on the rating . I 'll soon find out if the magazines are compatible with other brands of MP5s when I purchase a much better brand .
 The `` Limite Comfort '' stated in the bag is 32 degrees . Of course I found this out the hard way camping out in Gunnison -LRB- Coldest City in Colorado -RRB- . Where it dropped around 30 during the night and about froze my boys off if you know what I mean . I returned it and was promptly refunded .
 How this got listed on Amazon I will never know , but `` Queen - Magic Years '' has never been officially or legitimately released on DVD anywhere in the world . It has only ever been issued on VHS and laserdisc . This listing if for a pirated or bootlegged copy and assuming the seller can even produce a copy of it , it will certainly be nothing more than a DVD-R . If you are interested in owning this release -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- , track down the VHS release or , if you are insistent on owning it on a DVD-R , you can find this bootleg elsewhere online for far , far cheaper than $ 299.99 .
 This program has not been released on DVD , so this is definitely a pirated , illegally made copy . These are easily found through Ebay sellers in the $ 20 - $ 30 range .
 Purchased based on other reviews , this item proved to be a disappointment . Compared with other , similar , saws , the Gerber does not cut particularly well and often `` hangs '' in the branches being pruned . The casing is not particularly sturdy ; the tab the locks the blade in place broke fairly early on .
 I was pleased to have a ` good quality ' saw for backpacking . Unfortunately the latching mechanism broke on its first use in the woods . Black plastic handle split-appears to be glued together ! The saw would not not stay open . Did not get a chance to appreciate other features such as cutting ability . Waiting to hear back from Gerber .
 I bought this right before i left for a 5 day camping trip in the middle of nowhere . I was cutting trees for a shelter that were about 3 '' diameter . After 3 trees -LRB- working on the forth -RRB- the wood blade broke while i was pushing forward -LRB- not sawing forward -RRB- and of course that broken blade then sliced into my pointer finger knuckle and hand . Great way to start a 5 day trip ... i switched to the extra blade -LRB- i think it 's a bone saw blade -RRB- it was almost useless on small trees . The blades were just too thin .
 I was breaking one of these every year . save your money and get a stronger one from a garden center .
 I 've always had good experience with Gerber equipment . I have a Gerber folding knife I 've carried on my boat for more than 20 years , and it 's still holding up well after all manner of abuse.However this saw was probably NOT made by the same company . I was using it this week to clear some branches after a storm - very minor branches . On about the 4th branch the thing fell apart in my hand . The blade is still there and looks fine , but the plastic handle broke apart and some of the pivot pieces disappeared in the brush.FWIW I 'm guessing Gerber has changed ownership over the years . Be careful of this product anyway - it is far from the quality I expected from the brand .
 I used the folding Gerber saw 3 times and it broke . The shell is made of plastic and the internal swivel that holds the blade is like a cast aluminum and ca n't support the pressure you put on the handle ... they should have made the housing from aluminum . The blade is good . . it cuts well but very unstable with the plastic housing that holds the swivel . . so for me the blade broke at the swivel . Buy a Silky
 I thought that this would be a handy little back up saw . Man , was I wrong . This is not a saw that you would want to have to cut fire wood , or saplings for a shelter . You can cut a 2 '' willow with a knife faster than you can with this saw . I can not for the life of me see why anyone would want one . If I could give this one a ZERO star rating , I would . Yes , it is that bad ... Total waste of money !
 I had one of these that was fantastic . My mom saw me pruning with it and was impressed . I promptly gave it to her as I figured I would just order another -LRB- which I did -RRB- . The replacement is NOT AT ALL AS GOOD . The blade does n't cut as well . The older one even well used cut like a dream compared to the replacement that was brand new . Old one was made in usa , replacement was made in prc . I have no clue whether that is the reason but I am now looking for an NOS old one everywhere I go .
 I bought this saw a year ago to use for cutting bone while gutting big game . It worked good on the first elk I used it on . I took it hiking with me this summer , not looking at it first , when I needed it to trim branches off for firewood , I saw it was cracked down the length of it . I contacted Gerber , and they did nothing about it . I will never buy Gerber again .
 First off , I want to clarify I did NOT buy this saw from Amazon . I did however get it as a birthday gift and let me tell you , this thing is a huge piece of junk . Flimsy blade , does n't cut well , gets stuck in wood , bends extremely easy . The 5 dollar Ozark Trail Sierra Saw I bought from Walmart 5 years ago is 10x better than this one . What happened to Gerber ? They used to make good quality products , now they just make cheap JUNK . Find a better saw , this one is a waste of money and went straight in the trash after a few minutes of use .
 There is only a small , short metal tang with 1 hole that the plastic is melted over holding the blade mount assembly to the handle , no screws or rivets . Terrible design . At least should have the tang go fully the length of the handle . Used only several times before it came apart .
 As a level fly line , this is n't a useful item . Level lines are n't particularly good for fly fishing as they do n't allow a delicate presentation of the fly . The reality is that double taper and weight forward lines are available on-line for only a few dollars more or even less in some cases , on ebay for no name lines.If this were were a sinking line instead of a floating one , it 'd be useful as a fly trolling line.The price is n't bad but the uses are unfortunately really limited.There 's an old saying that that difference between a man and a woman is that a man will pay two dollars for a one dollar item that he needs and a woman will pay a dollar for a two dollar item that she does n't . The problem is there are n't going to be a lot of women shopping for this.This item is a good price for an item that one really does n't need at all . Crystal River really needs to offer this item as DT or a WF line .
 Shuffler Is inexpensive and that 's the only good thing about it . You get what you pay for . Works some of the time , with limited cards in it . Usually does n't shuffle both sides , ONLY ONE ! What good is that ?
 Noise too loud when shuffling . Activating bar too high . When pulling out shuffler cards hits bar causing more loud noise !
 You would think that a card shuffler would shuffle the cards alternately from the two sides into one pile . Most of the time the shuffler is doing nothing . Then it will kick in and send a stack of 5 to 20 cards from one side or the other , and then sit and spin for a while before it sends another stack of 5 to 20 cards . To effectively and randomly shuffle the cards , one would have to put the deck or decks through at least 8 to 10 times . This was a waste of money .
 Never having seen a card deck shuffler before , I was disappointed that theseBicycle 1-2 Deck Card Shufflerrequire lots of hands-on `` help '' while the little spinner pulls the cards in . Sometimes they go in chunks so we have to shuffle many times . I was greatly disappointed that 1 of the 3 identical shufflers that I purchased does n't work at all and has to be returned .
 We 've gone through 5 of these shufflers . They break down in 2 days to 2 months . They are very inexpensive , but I see why .
 Granted , I tried to buy the cheapest shuffler I could find for one of our poker players who had a hard time when he was the dealer . Figured I could n't go wrong with a product with the Bicycle brand . I was wrong . With a fresh 9 v battery the machine 's left side mechanism was frozen . It was assembled -LRB- In China , go figure -RRB- with the left card moving device jammed against the card platform . I turned it upside down and loosened the dozen or so screws and actually got the mechanism to move . But the cards all jammed ~ every time , during the shuffle . If I put 1/4 of the deck on each side of the machine , I got it to work ~ sometimes . Again , you get what you pay for . The silver lining was the amazing and simple procedure amazon laid out to return it . Hope they burn it . Can I give it no star ? Ps ~ Really ? Anyone liked this product ? Really ?
 This unit showed up defective . Takes one 9V battery . Giving the gears a push , they move a tiny bit , but not enough to move a card . I returned it for a DaVinci .
 Some of these things work for a while and then quit.A very few last for several hundred shuffles before quitting.A good idea and design , but the production quality is poor.Lots of brands , all the same hardware . Just different labels onidentical cheap plastic.Save your money and learn to shuffle with your hands .
 On our second new shuffle , first was returned cause it failed to merge both decks , & golly its replacement malfunctions in the same way ... one side completes well before the other . Would give em a Zero score but -LRB- 1 -RRB- one is the lowest available .
 I bought this for my elderly mother who lives in assisted living because she and her friends have trouble shuflingcards . The first one I bought did n't work at all so I returned it and received a replacement . The replacement broke after just two days . This product is cheap and I would not bother purchasing it . I will say that Amazon made the returns and refund back to my account easy . That was the only positive .
 One side of the card shuffler was broken so my granddaughter could not use it . There were no papers with the item when I received it , therefore , I 'm assuming it can not be returned . Probably will not order from Amazon again unless it is returnable .
 The shuffler battery cover kept falling off until I taped it down . The shuffler often pulls in several cards at a time and gets stuck.The side openings seem to be too large . Less frequently the cards come into the tray at right angles , requiring manual intervention . I have bought this shuffler before , and it worked much better -- manufacturing quality control seems to be somewhat lacking .
 It broke after about 30 shuffles . Spend a little more a find a more durable shuffler . It 's not worth the time to repackage it for a replacement . Amazon is the best for returns ca n't complain about that .
 Badly designed and poorly-made product and DOES NOT WORK . Originally I thought
 I purchased this shuffler as a christmas present for my family because we play a lot of cards together . Put a brand new battery in the shuffler and it did n't work . How do you explain to little kids that Santa brought you a broken toy . :-LRB- It was easy to return I am hoping the replacement shuffler works this time .
 This item did not work . The momentary switch was defective and opperated intermittently at best . Unfortunately , I destroyed the product in the course of trying to repair it , and thus could not return it . Sometimes you get what you pay for .
 I ordered this for my mom since she has pseudo gout in both of her wrists . We only need two decks shuffled for a family game we play , so I figured Bicycle would be a reliable brand . About a month after purchasing the item , we went to use it and it did not work at all . It would only work if you put one card in at a time and only one of the wheels was even functioning . I looked at the return information and I was past the 30 days by 3 days . I ended up spending more on shipping to return this item , than I even spent on it . Luckily , I received an email from Amazon today stating that I would be getting a refund for the item and the shipping to send the return . That made up for the disappointment in this item.My suggestion to those that are looking for a shuffler , DO NOT purchase this one !
 After reading various reviews and thinking the negative reviews were perhaps wrong I found out they are right . The shuffler worked for about 8 rounds of shuffling then the one side stopped working . Total waste of $ $ Bicycle should be ashamed their name is on it
 We thought this would be a good , inexpensive card shuffler since the Bicycle company also makes decks of cards . Wrong ! One side of the shuffler was always pretty sluggish , making the shuffling process uneven . After two months of only occasional use , the other side quit working altogether . We actually took the thing apart to see if it could be repaired -LRB- because how many card shufflers does a person really want to purchase -RRB- , but the plastic gear had slipped and could n't be moved back into place . Now it 's going to the recyling bin . Sure , it was inexpensive , but that does n't justify the fact that it 's basically junk .
 This product is made of a very cheap plastic . It looks awful . If it would have worked well , then , this aspect would n't matter , but it 's not the case.The machine is noisy , and it is absolutely not well designed . When your card are shuffled , you struggle to get them out ! the suffle `` bouton '' -LRB- a big plastic peace -RRB- blocs the recipient !!! I would n't recommand buying this object .
 To start , it 's important to remember that for the most part , this item does what it 's supposed to do -- shuffle cards.But there are two main reasons we do n't really use it :1 . It is very loud2 . The design feels very cheap and unintuitiveSo while it works just fine , it sits on my shelf untouched in some time . Sad to say , I probably would not purchase it again .
 I just purchased a Bicycle 1-2 Deck Shuffler from Amazon . It is my first automatic shuffler , and I was trusting that since it was sold as a Bicycle shuffler , they would have the operation mastered . Unfortunately , almost all of the problems had already been listed by former reviewers , and I did not read them all . Oh , well!The shuffler is noisy . The cards hang up inside the shuffler as the tray is removed.The right hand side of the shuffler does not feed all of the cards into the chamber , and the last cards need to be hand fed.Most discouraging , I sorted by suit , and found , as I suspected , the cards are not being well shuffled . I am a senior citizen with rather severe arthritis , and had hoped that this product would be helpful.Amazon made it very easy to buy ; I hope it will be equally easy to return . My advice is
 When this arrived I tested it for actual random shuffling . If you put the two decks through multiple times you still get big hunks of one and then a hunk of the other . It is also REALLY loud and feels cheaply made . It jams up easily and you have to keep pressing the button to get it finish shuffling . I am returning mine . It 's not even worth $ 2.00 . I guess I could stand the irritating and loud noise if it actually randomized the cards , but it does not .
 Good idea , but definitely this needs to be improve . The sound it makes is horrible . You can not even talk when the shuffler is running
 This machine had mixed reviews from two poker clubs . One group disliked it because it 's noisy , while the other was 50/50 . I decided to return it , but was pay the return date . I may donate it .
 Do n't buy this product it sucks it ca n't even handle a half of a deck it is just a big waste of money i would not recommend it to anybody .
 Absolute JUNK . Never worked , tried all sorts of batteries , all types of card -LRB- needs poker cards but they did n't work either -RRB- . Called customer service for Bicycle and got nowhere . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . I was so embarrassed giving this to a friend of mine in his 80 's and it not working . Do n't bother purchasing this , no matter what the other reviewers say .
 Bicycle Card Schuffler did not schuffle cards evenly from the start . After a very few uses it stopped working all together . Would not advise to puchase this product .
 The unit seemed to work at first , but after a dozen shuffles , it started getting jammed , pulling 3 or more cards into the unit at a time and getting logged.I attempted several differnt ways of positioning the cards in the device , but most of the time -LRB- 4 out of 5 -RRB- it failed . I do not know if more power would help , but it does not act like that is the issue.I do NOT recommend the unit .
 not worth the money that was spent !!! I wish they would refund my money !!! thanks , nancy
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 This is crap ! It leaks . The black inside part comes right out . I will never buy another mug like this again .
 the cup was everything the add said it was and the green bay logo is great . i enjoy the cup very much and would buy another one if needed
 The collar is loose in the back of the jersey . So when you wear it , it sorta props itself up like a coat jacket ... It is hard to explain but I thought when I bought this jersey , it would look like a shirt.The fabric is uncomfortable and a static clinger.Logo is nice and big . I wished I could have tried it on before buying .
 The Da Vinci Aluminum Poker Chip Case is of the poorest construction quality . After only two weeks , the felt is coming undone . Furthermore , the bottom board where the poker chips sit is made of several small pieces which are not even glued to the case . They move around making the case look raggedy . I 'm embarrassed to be seen with it . Come on they could have used one board piece to cover the bottom . Do n't buy the Da Vinci Aluminum Poker chip Case . Amazon.com they are makig you look bad . I 'm disgusted with the Producdt !!! I 'm even begining to loose faith with Amazon.com for allowing such bad products to be sold through them . It looks bad Amazon.com .
 Be aware of what it is that you are buying . The seller -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- that I bought a 300 Chip case from claimed that it was a Da Vinci case . According to the Da Vinci Imports website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- ; all of their cases have a solid wood , one-piece chip tray . The case I received had a cheap , flimsy plastic tray.I 'm not saying that ALL the cases available in this listing are not what they claim ; just the one I got from one seller . I 'll probably try again in the future . Hopefully I 'll get the right case next time .
 The 750 chip case I purchasd is very flimsy and cheaply made . I would not have ordered it if I had known the quality . I purchased a 500 chip set a few years ago with chips and all included that was a much better quality case and the whole set cost only about $ 50 , so I was really disappointed.Lucily , I do not plan to carry it much or I do not believe it would last . I maimly got it to store more poker chips in here at home .
 Got this product and put my chips in it . First thing I noticed was that the separators are a flimsy plastic that is spray coated -LRB- or something like that -RRB- with a felt type of coating . This is pretty flimsy and could easily crack or bend . The second thing that happened was that one of the feet broke off when I set it down after putting all my chips in it . I noticed that all the feet and the protectors are made of plastic and not rubber . After these two things , I started looking at the details closely . Here are a few other things that stick out : - The edges do n't seal completely when closed . This seems like a hinge problem - The rivets and rounded corner pieces look thin and could end up breaking - The egg crate foam is n't attached and can be easily pulled out -LRB- not a huge issue but goes to the overall construction quality -RRB-
 It 's made of basic and cheap aluminum , fine . Not completely worth the $ 30 but will do the job i need it to do . The problem : Was sent to me damaged . There are bends and scratches all over this thing as soon as I opened up the box . The box was n't damaged . So it was placed in damaged . Case did n't close all the way and latches do n't match up . Whomever packaged this could have easily seen this , but was ignored . I know it 's aluminum , could n't i at least be the first person to jack this thing up ?
 The case itself is good , the locks are cheap . I will be ordering a good case next time . If your going to use this a lot id recommend being careful with the locks .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 This Product does not come close to the Jugs version of foam practice balls . The quality is horrible and was delivered deformed . Finally , The seller of the product sold it for $ 13.95 per ball . The Jugs were a dozen for $ 30 .
 I purchased 3 pairs of these shorts to replace a favorite pair I purchased 2-3 years ago . The new shorts were made of VERY THIN material . I dried them on low heat - they shrunk significantly and I ca n't wear them .
 The shorts were a good fit for the first wear but shrunk down to almost unwearable with one wash . If you are going to buy this product -LRB- which I would n't recommend -RRB- , buy at least a size larger than you normally would !
 The item I received has a very wide waistband . This is not how it is pictured in the photograph . Also , the waistband is too wide -LRB- and not teamed with elastic -RRB- , just a drawcord . As a result , the fit is quite , quite poor ; there is very little adjusting one can do without the waistband bunching up . Result = poor fit . Quite disappointing and MISLEADING promotional photograph .
 The shorts were fine but not at all the quality I expected . They were much thinner than the ones I was trying to replace . They were also a very dull color of gray compared to the usual , light gray color .
 These shorts are very thin and offer little coverage at the gym . Perfect for exhibitionists . The waistband is unattractive , I would never wear them without a t-shirt hanging over the waist .
 I bought one for my team but it was slow - lost a minute or two every couple of days . I returned it and got another - same deal . Buy one if you do n't need it to be accurate and do n't mind resetting it a couple of time a week .
 Purchased for my son 's birthday . We fired only a few rounds through it and the slide cracked . Do not waste your money on this cheap plastic product . Advertising does not tell you it 's all plastic . I guess the price tag should have clued me in .
 definetly took them 50 cents to make this cheap pieace of crap . do n't waste your money unless its for kids , then by all means purchase it
 I wore this shirt one time . When I washed it , the blue from the shoulders bled all over the white of the shirt . It looks awful and I will never be able to wear it again . What a waist of money !
 For the price of this dvd I was n't impressed at all . I have several in my collection including Windsor Pilates and 10 Minute Solution ; with varying degrees of intensity . I was looking to increase the effectiveness of my workout and already own one foam roller dvd that is very intense . When I received this DVD I was very disapointed ; the reps are so short that by the time you start to feel anything the instructor moves onto something else . I think that out of the entire workout there was one exercise that felt like it was working . I would 've GLADLY returned it if I could have , but DVD 's can only be returned unopened . Do n't waste your money , and by a less expensive/more effective DVD !
 How can I rate this product , I have n't received it yet . It 's been 3 weeks !!! And why are a certain amount of words required to write a review !!!
 i am still waiting for this item so far its been 1 month , so i can not rate this item , ups is making a trace ... so thats it
 I bought this product for a hiking/concert trip and the first day it worked great , but by the second day I had water running down my back . . I did n't buy this product off of Amazon I bought it at a local retailer so I did n't pay this cheap of a price . I bought it with a backpack so I was extremely unhappy when it broke after simple use . As nice as the handle is I think Cammelback is where I will be getting my next bladder .
 I purchased this bladder based on the mainly positive reviews from others -LRB- at least back then -RRB- with the purpose of taking it with me backpacking at my local state park . It started leaking on the trail coming back to the trailhead . My lower back was completely soaked . I tried to take as much air out of the bladder as I could before putting it in my pack , but to no avail . This is a defective product , and I threw it out last week . It seems like the ones made by camelbak are better quality so I 'm going to try one of those and hopefully I wo n't have the leaking issue again .
 On the 4th day of a 12 day backpacking trip , the clear hose pulled off from the black connector when I was inserting the bladder back into my pack . Water flooded the bottom of my pack . Fortunately , my sleeping bag was in a water proof compression sack and was stayed dry . The hose needs some kind of clamp on it to prevent this . From then on , I had to be super careful to make sure the hose did not pull off again when reinserting the bladder into my pack.Despite that , the detachable hose -LRB- where it is supposed to detach -RRB- and handle are great features to have . I did like not having to unthread the hose to refill . There was also no detectable plastic taste .
 Handle breaks frequently , the tube melted for some unexplained reason , and will have to be completely replaced . Initially I had to trim the tube to get a better fit on the fitting at the bottom where it connects to the bladder itself . The old interface betwen tube and connector had become stretched out and I had never used it before .
 The hose attachment is very loose and it came apart twice after filling it up with ~ 3L of water . All the water leaked in my backpack and caused a LOT of frustration !
 The product claimed to have a standard Nalgene cap . I assumed it would then fit my filter for backpacking which fits onto my Nalgene bottles . Well , it did n't . I guess their are multiple types of `` standard '' Nalgene caps . This was returned .
 Upon inspection the bladder looked great . However on my second run with the bladder the hose broke away from the male piece and now wont stay attached . This would have been bad enough but it happened in my car and 3 liters of water went everywhere . I would just get a big freezer bag and a straw over this piece of garbage . I guess if its not Lexane Nalgene isnt worth a darn .
 I was very excited to receive this bladder because of the carrying handle , the removable hose and the large opening . Upon initial fill , I was very pleased with how well it worked , and the bite valve was very easy to use . Especially liked being able to turn it off . I had read the reviews talking about the hose coming off , so the first thing I did was zip tie the hose onto the connector ... figured I had that issue beat.But alas , my fondness of this product was short lived . Took this with me as one of two bladders in my hiking pack on a 6 day trip in the Grand Canyon . The first day the hose came off in my pack despite the zip tie ... dumping 2 liters of water into my pack and onto my sleeping bag . I used pliers to tighten the zip tie a few more clicks hoping that would fix the issue . As far as the hose , I had no more issues the rest of the trip . But on day 4 , I suddenly felt water down the back of my leg again while hiking . Stopped , unpacked pack , pulled out the unit and a hole had work right through the rubber bladder itself where the hose connects to the bladder . Apparently the plastic around the connector rubs on the bladder and after just 4 days had worked multiple pinholes in the bladder , again dumping a liter of water into my pack.Needless to say , I need a bladder that can survive 6 days of backpacking without springing a leak so I returned it to Amazon -LRB- a process that is stupid easy ... thanks Amazon ! -RRB- . Thankfully I had a second Sierra bladder and 1 L hard bottle for the last two days and was already past the `` no water source '' hikes of the trip . I really expected more from Nalgene and was very disappointed .
 I purchased the 2 L. bladder in May , 2011 and use it daily on my bike commute . By August the hose connection with the bladder had become weak , and began to easily slide off . As noted by other reviewers , this dumps all the water from the hose into the bottom of your pack . I solved the problem by tightening a zip tie around the connection with pliers . Unfortunately now the mouthpiece leaks instead . I expected more from a Nalgene product .
 It 's not often in life you find a product that is priced and touted as above average from an otherwise reputable company that is absolute and complete crap . This is one of those times.After taking it out of the box it took me 45 minutes to get a channel thru to the water . Stuck solid . No air nor water in nor out . I found the turn-off valve , figured out all the mechanisms after dis-assembly and reassembly , still nothing . Finally saw with a mag glass and light there was flashing from the molding process sealing the bottom spout from the bag . I gouged it out with a tool and got air flow . Reassembled and double checked the connections , filled it up for the first time in life and checked everything . Water 's coming in , bite valve works , on and off valve works . Loaded it into a carrier , secured it , started putting on my web gear and promptly dumped the water onto the floor and into my mags . The hose came right off , and the seal to the bag split away.I read the reviews here afterward and saw others with the same or similar issues . Wish I 'd seen them sooner . If you buy it , you 're taking your chances . Good luck .
 I purchased the Nalgene 3 liter hydration bladder for backpacking . On my first trip to Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky , I had no problems with it . It worked perfectly , no leaks and an ease to use . However on my second backpacking trip this past August to Dolly Sods Wilderness in West Virginia , the hydration bladder leaked like crazy . It soaked my backpack with water and made the trip a bit less enjoyable , hydration-wise . At the end of the weekend trip , I just filled my bottle from the creek and used my Aquamira Frontier Bottle Filter , another Amazon.com purchase , which worked great.I believe the leak is from the attachment of the hose to the plastic bladder . I 'm not sure what to do next trip if there is anything I can do to salvage the bladder from leaking . If anyone has an idea , please post it . Other than the leak , it is a good bladder but leaking is a major concern .
 I have dozens of Nalgene litre bottles and sleeves and finally decided to get a bladder for quick sips as I hike , so that I do n't have to stop and open a bottle . The Nalgene bottles are strong and I never experienced any plastic taste from them , so I was willing to trust the same would be the case for the Nalgene bladders . I 'm not sure if the taste I am experiencing is from the actual bladder or the mouthpiece . It is not overwhelming , and it may be that I am a little oversensitive to the taste . On a long hike the convienience is great and the taste is not always noticeable . The design seems well thought out and of solid construction . The magnet works well - I attached it to my backpack with ease and it holds well during a strenuous hike and has only become unattached when I put my pack on after removing it . The valve has n't leaked when kept in the open position . Like most bladders it 's not easy to clean or dry . A good buy , and if I had the option I would probably only have taken away a half star for the occasional plastic taste.UPDATE
 Well , you could say this was dead on arrival.As soon as I filled it up with water , it began leaking . When I went to take a drink , leaked more . Bad seal where the hose connects to the bladder . And because it leaked on me on the most important day I needed it , I now refuse to buy any Nalgene products .
 only buy this if you like to waste money on poor quality garbage ! If i could i would only give this a half star .
 Although I have heard great reviews about the Nalgene ` Get A Grip ' bladder bag - BEWARE of ordering this product from Amazon . I ordered this bladder 4 times - each time having to send it back due to them shipping me the WRONG bladder . They sent me the Nalgene CXC Reservoir - which isnt too bad of a bladder BUT , I was really sold on the handle/grip feature so the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth.I ended up keeping the other bladder because I got sick of calling them and arguing that they were not featuring the product they were shipping me ... . AND for that bladder , the one I ended up keeping due to lack of faith in Amazon ... its ` okay ' . The chord seems a bit too thick -LRB- I am a girl who is putting it into an adventure pack for biking ... and I 'm smaller -RRB- so it 's almost too fat to put through the holes of my bag . But the magnetic feature of having the tip/mouthpiece attach anywhere the other magnetic component is placed is somewhat nice ... and I believe that both Nalgene 's have that feature.So , when ordering this bladder please take warning that you may or may not get the correct bag - and do not rely on Amazon to correct the order . Although they have great customer service - their detective work sucks .
 What can I say to a leaking Bladder?What can I say to a leaking Bladder ?? What can I say to a leaking Bladder ???
 The product received was actually only 1L , not the 1.5 L , and the top of the bladder has 2 wholes instead of the hook as the original camelbaks , so it is impossible to hang in the bag-pouch , which makes the whole bag uncomfortable ... and since I had to order it to friends in the EU who were coming out to meet me in Africa , I have no other options ... Should provide either a better description of the product , or revamp the product to be more compatible with it 's intended use .
 If you want the Nalgene Get-A-Grip , do n't order it from Amazon . They are shipping the Nalgene Reservoir which does not have the handle that the Get-A-Grip does.Like other customers before me , I received the Nalgene CXC Reservoir bladder , not the `` Get A Grip '' model . I did n't order the Reservoir . Amazon you either need to change your product description to match the bladder you are actually selling , or send the correct product .
 Just to beat home a point , ITS LEAKS ! This was my very first bladder I had ever purchased and did n't want to go with an expensive camelbak . It leaked right out of the box . Upon further inspection it was at the plastic u-bend junction where you stick the hose in ... that goes into the bladder itself . It was cracked . A very minute crack at that , but it leaked NONSTOP . I tried to duck tape it , try to even wax it over , but none of these solutions worked . I eventually returned it and chalked it up as defective item , but not so sure anymore since other people are saying it leaks too . Design flaw possibly ? I eventually bought a camelbak and instead of there being space -LRB- or a U-bend -RRB- , its one solid piece . Maybe nalgene should try that and they would have a competitive product for sure !
 Do not buy . Filled it once and it soaked all of my backpacking gear . Not a great start to my trip . Will deinitely return this absolute piece of garbage . Nalgene should be ashamed of themselves .
 The first three times were great . Then it started to leak where the hose connects to the bag . That was an easy fix . Just tied some twine around it super tight . That leak stopped . But then I noticed it was leaking where the bag connects to the filling ring . Sorry I do n't know the technical terms . The leak is bad enough so the bottom of my shirt is almost dripping after three hours of being on my back . I 'll still use it for short hikes where I do n't have to worry about stuff in my pack getting wet .
 I was very excited to purchase my nalgene bladder , considering camelbak to be grossly overrated . I am currently abroad and brought my 2 liter bladder with me to make carrying water while backpacking and traveling much easier . But to my dismay , the second time I used it , the hose flat out came off of the attachment to the bladder . 2 liters of water soaking my hostel dorm floor , and pack , later ... I realized what the problem was and was more than disgruntled . I tried reattaching the hose and filling it up another time , with the same result . The hose simply will not stay attached to the bladder attachment , and this results in wet packs , wet backs , and no water left to drink . All around bad news . I would not recommend this bladder and I will be returning mine upon my return to the States.PS if anyone has any quick fixes for this , i 'm all ears . Not going to be back home for another five months so I need to think of a way to fix this ... and fast.Thanks .
 This ball was absolute garbage . I used it once . It was raining and it turned a pink color and all the grib is gone and is rock hard . No wonder it was so cheap . If I could return it I would . does anyone know what I can do to return it ?
 I 'm in charge of a weekly touch football game where we use an official NFL football from a previous year and I wanted to get another one for backup . I know ` The Duke ' is supposed to be the official NFL ball from this year , but there seems to be something wrong with the balls Amazon is shipping.The first ball I got from Amazon was hard as a rock , slick as all get out and had poor stitching in the laces . I got a second one and the stitching was a bit better , but it was still hard and slippery . And when it was exposed to rain , the ball stained the hands of everyone who touched it with red coloring . I have no clue if that 's to be expected or not since it 's all leather but it seems odd.In any case , you can grip the ball with a good pair of sticky football gloves , which also help mitigate the pain of catching the ball . So , it is usable and throws a nice spiral but maybe I play ball with a bunch of wussies cuz no one else wants to get near that thing out of fear of breaking their hands -LRB- which is kind of annoying given how much i paid for the balls -RRB- . Maybe the footballs just need to be broken in , but I 'm not really sure how to do that aside from playing with them , which no one seems to want to do . I 've tried to let some air out to make the things more user-friendly , but it does n't really help.Anyway , I find it really hard to believe this is the ball the NFL played with this year . Something about them just seems cheaply made . In any case , I suggest you save some money and go with a decent composite leather ball .
 The holster is functional . It does n't seem to fit any revolver exactly right . I have tried it with several Smiths , a Colt .38 , and my Ruger GP100 . As indicated by the product pic with the blue gun , the trigger and trigger guard hang out of the holster rather awkwardly . Not really a safety issue so much as a fit issue . Would be great for kid 's toy gun but not practical to actually carry a 2 + pound handgun securely .
 I bought this for work and I work as a software engineer -LRB- which means lots of time sitting at the computer -RRB- . The chair was easy to assemble and seemed sturdy and able to meet my standards . When I sat on the chair it was like sitting in a childs seat at kindergarten . The ball is not big enough at all and you are way too close to the ground . I am only 5 ' 9 so this is not a height issue . I have a big ball at home but thought to get this one because of the back and wheels . Returning it right away and getting what I have originally .
 this was a gift -- my daughter chose it -- but its for TALL people !???? we ended up sending it back -- but its a good idea -- her being vertically challenged is our only complaint -- not the ball chair 's fault ! I 've tried to edit the review to show 4 starts -- it wo n't allow changes to that portion !
 but it 's not gon na watch your back . I bought this chair to help with my posture and minimise the back pain I sometimes get from prolonged sitting . the ball is supposed to `` force '' your back into an upright position and prevent slumping.as the previous review states , if you sit on it too long you will become uncomfortably sweaty . also , this ball & chair frame did not help MY posture at all . the back ` rest ' was pointless . if you decide sit against the back of the chair ... the ball will roll uncomfortably forward , creating an akward and deep `` ditch '' but you probably wo n't want to use the backrest for long due to it 's flimsy feel.the frame itself looks yard-sale cheap . I do not believe this chair is worth more then $ 50 at the most -LRB- $ 30 for the frame $ 20 for the ball -RRB- if you want something to sit on , the ball ALONE -LRB- or with a stabilizer -RRB- works so much better.If you 're good , you can find a decent ball for $ 10 or a good one for $ 20 . as for my chair , you 'll find it offered for $ 20 bucks at my next yard sale .
 The ball itself is great , all of the pieces were delivered in a timely manner ... . but ... This chair refuses to stay assembled ! The bolts keep falling out , the chair squeaks and creaks and feels very unstable at all times . I have resorted to sitting on the ball alone . I would not buy this product again .
 I 've had this chair for a while . It 's junk ! The joint between the legs and the swivel/frame is loose , so in addition to the instability of the ball , the whole chair wobbles - in my case , the frame moves about 8 '' in all directions from center when sitting on it , it 's that loose . No apparent way to adjust or fix . This is way beyond the desired wobble of the ball itself . It does n't appear to be well made . I wish I had returned it while in warranty . Lesson learned .
 I like the concept more than the product itself . I tend to sit at my computer for hours at a time and do n't take many breaks . This chair is comfortable for the first half-hour or so and at that point my experience is general soreness of the tail bone , `` nether parts , '' and the small of the back . As you can see from the product description , the ball itself is plastic . Plastic does not dissipate heat well . In addition to soreness in said nether parts one may expect to experience some localized sweating . Perhaps a towel on the chair would help , though I 've not bothered -- I 'm back in my old wooden chair -LRB- with pillow ! -RRB- in my search of a better office chair .
 While the shirt is genuine Columbia , it was so wrinkled that the wrinkles wo n't come out . The pocket flaps are permanently curled out and I have to iron the shirt after every wash to keep it from looking silly . I also thought this shirt would be comfortable in the heat , but I was soaked in sweat wearing it and it took a very long time before it was dry . Definitely not worth the money .
 The tension on this bike is not dependable . Mine suddenly became so tight it 's nearly impossible to pedal at all ! The company does n't even honor warranty promises . Though they offer email support , it is truly abysmal -- it took 30 days to receive a response , and all they did was request a summary of the problem -LRB- which is what I sent to begin with -RRB- . If you want to use this bike as a coat rack , it 's a good choice !
 I purchased the fitness quest edge 280 , expecting that this bike had 6 user workout programs , when in fact , this bike did not have this feature . The bike itself is difficult to put together , and the resistance levels are the only feature that you can use to vary your workout . The resistance levels are manually changed , which is problematic for the rider that wants to vary their workout while pedaling . The resistance levels also seem to break very easily , as level 1 became more resistant after my first use , making it difficult to use in at any other resistance level.As this product had been advertised as having user programs , the buyer should be aware that this is not accurate , and that service from both the manufacturer -LRB- Fitness Quest -RRB- and the seller -LRB- Sportrus -RRB- has been slow and inadeqaute , with response taking almost 30 days , which is the amount of time you have to return the product for a refund . On the other hand , Amazon has quickly and adequately handled this complaint .
 Bike lasted 1 year . Moderate use . Belt came apart when bearing went . Poor quality equipment
 The item never worked . I have been in contact with Fitness quest and they have not replaced the failed bike . I am at my wits end in trying to get satisfaction.The recumbent bike is a disaster and so is the alleged service .
 While the shirt is genuine Columbia , it was so wrinkled that the wrinkles wo n't come out . The pocket flaps are permanently curled out and I have to iron the shirt after every wash to keep it from looking silly . I also thought this shirt would be comfortable in the heat , but I was soaked in sweat wearing it and it took a very long time before it was dry . Definitely not worth the money .
 While the shirt is genuine Columbia , it was so wrinkled that the wrinkles wo n't come out . The pocket flaps are permanently curled out and I have to iron the shirt after every wash to keep it from looking silly . I also thought this shirt would be comfortable in the heat , but I was soaked in sweat wearing it and it took a very long time before it was dry . Definitely not worth the money .
 You get what you pay for . I know other people have given this a decent review and that 's why I decided to try it -- inexpensive and free shipping . Well , apparently the company does n't have very good quality control as my unit arrived -LRB- 2 days late I might add -RRB- with the holes for the support screws out of alignment . I managed to still get the support beams attached but when I went to attach the console , the alignment was off by 1-2 inches making it impossible to complete assembly . If the unit had actually been assembled at the factory and tested -LRB- company said it was , but there is no way -RRB- they would have caught this . Also , the console is very cheaply made and I could see it cracking and the electronics wearing out in no time . I 'd look elsewhere before buying this .
 There is nothing in the manual that indicates there is an incline adjustment which is located in the back . The heart monitor does n't seem to work all the time and there is a trick to where you place your finger which is over the heart shape versus the round circle . Finally the treadmill speeds up uncontrollably and after a while may shut off . They are sending me new control boards and heart monitor to see if that fixes the problem . Their tech will come over and install the parts.They installed new control boards and it still had problems . I was impressed that they offered to replace the treadmill without me asking . Good customer service .
 Who would sell a treadmill for a weight limit of 250 lbs . ???? Are only skinny people allowed to loose weight?Please - find a brain and make it those of us who REALLY need it .
 A poor quality scope.Short eye relief could be refined.This was my first experience with this brand of optics.I would n't expect to much other than their are better choices out there .
 While the shirt is genuine Columbia , it was so wrinkled that the wrinkles wo n't come out . The pocket flaps are permanently curled out and I have to iron the shirt after every wash to keep it from looking silly . I also thought this shirt would be comfortable in the heat , but I was soaked in sweat wearing it and it took a very long time before it was dry . Definitely not worth the money .
 While the shirt is genuine Columbia , it was so wrinkled that the wrinkles wo n't come out . The pocket flaps are permanently curled out and I have to iron the shirt after every wash to keep it from looking silly . I also thought this shirt would be comfortable in the heat , but I was soaked in sweat wearing it and it took a very long time before it was dry . Definitely not worth the money .
 Columbia has yet to let me down in the quality of their clothes , durability and materials used . This shirt , is no exception . The only problem with this shirt , and it 's a big one , is that the size is waaayyyy off . I would venture to say 2 sizes off . I ordered a large , as I am a large in every other brand including other Columbia product lines , but this shirt was so big I could fully loaded ruck sack underneath it !! Seriously , it is at least one size larger than labeled but I would venture to say it might even be 2 sizes too large . I 'm going to give it to my dad who typically wears a XXL and see if it fits him . Bottom line , do not order this shirt online unless you have confirmed your size in a store first .
 Not happy with what is considered a large . I bought a columbia shirt out of a store several weeks ago . The large size fit me perfectly . I then ordered a Columbia Bonehead shirt -LRB- size large -RRB- from here . Its huge . Way too big for me and i 'm 6 ' 3 '' . Guess i 'll start studying sizing charts .
 my standard measure is XL but XL in this shirt equal XXL ... so you have to show that , the measures is not standard
 I disliked this product because the size is very bigI love Columbia clothes but the size is not correct in this product
 hinotify them that I can not make any observation of the goods , because I have not received . I have tried to contact the selling but the site does not give me the option.I am grateful to report that the claim via
 The product arrived in good condition and is a great shirt , just with a little delay for new year season.Columbia mens shirts.They are a completes size . for next buy i have to order a size less.AND THE COLOR IS NOT CORRECT AS MY ORDER .
 I ordered this shirt based on Columbia 's reputation and style . I ordered a medium and it seemed like an extra large . It was so big that I 'm not even sure that a small would fit me . What 's with this ? Ca n't Columbia get their sizing right ? Is it that hard ?
 I really wanted to get this shirt for my son . However , after reading 50 reviews that say that the shirt size is way off -LRB- by one or two sizes -RRB- , I had to pass it by . One wonders why the seller would not correct the size , or be more helpful on which size to order .
 Good afternoon receive a warm greeting from me ! pleased with the purchases I have made so far with the company amazon , I address you on this occasion to inform the dissatisfaction that I have about the Order Columbia Men 's Bonehead Short Sleeve Shirt , Lemon Whip , XL , because they also come with a different size -LRB- bigger -RRB- I noticed that the goods came with altered labels , ie labels to hide labels on the original size and thus suggest the size indicated q was then sent descriptions of these labels :1 - Bottom Label and original
 Good friend I am of venezuela . I write to him because I did to him a purchase of two shirts Columbias it pinches short colors red and purple . You me sending a mail saying that already they were sent but it did not give to me the number of sending . I am translating since I do not speak Englishman . I wait for his prompt response porfavor .
 estimados amigos nunca recibi el producto , y aparece que fue entregado , lastimosamente nunca me llego a mis manos ... espero tener alguan respuesta si logran saber algo , , , gracias
 Good afternoom . i never recived the product so i will apreciate your help giving me all the tracking information.I will appreciate your soon answer.best regards
 If you expect a button to come off every single time you clean these shirts , this shirt is for you . They are comfortable , but not worth the effort of finding and sewing buttons back on all the time . I do not recommend these shirts .
 I 've been in search of the perfect pedometer with a built in radio , one that would accurately measure both walking and running , one with a good radio and well-located buttons . This one has too many bells and whistles . You must turn on the stopwatch feature before it will start measuring steps , and it shuts itself off after 10 hours ; incovenient if you 're trying to record the whole days worth of steps . The size is way too big -- bigger than a cell phone . The biggest problem , however , is that it is not accurate . The first one I got from Sharper Image dramatically underrecorded my steps -- by a factor of 10 when compared with another pedometer I wore -LRB- which was accurate but whose radio would not work while the pedometer was operating . -RRB- I called sharper image to see if there was some sort of setting I could adjust . They offered to send me a new one , no questions asked , no need to send it back , no need to document my purchase date . I was amazed and pleased when the new one arrived days later . Unfortunately , it OVER-RECORDS steps by a factor of 2 or so . Although I did n't contact the company again , I did mention it on a website where I was asked to rate my experience with my online purchase . Was I ever shocked to get an email from Sharper Image a day later telling me they would credit me my full purchase price for the second defective product , and I was free to keep or discard the product as I liked ! So , I still use if for it 's nice radio and greatly appreciate the strong customer service orientation of the manufacturer . However , I 'd still love to find a product that delivers what this one promised !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 While the shirt is genuine Columbia , it was so wrinkled that the wrinkles wo n't come out . The pocket flaps are permanently curled out and I have to iron the shirt after every wash to keep it from looking silly . I also thought this shirt would be comfortable in the heat , but I was soaked in sweat wearing it and it took a very long time before it was dry . Definitely not worth the money .
 im new in paintball , and i bough a spyder electra and a gravity loader.the first time i played i felt that i really needed an electronic loader because the electra shots really fast , so i decided to start with a basic electronic hopper . i was thinking about this ricochet and the extreme rage.i decided to buy the ricochet because i thought it was cooler and it looked like a good brand , but when i opened it , it just didnt work.after making 5 minutes of trying to make the motor spinn , pushing it with my fingers , it started to work , but when i restarted it , it was jammed again and i had to make it spinn again.then , after open the loader , it just started working , so i put some paintballs on it , and after throwing half of the balls down -LRB- with out the marker on -RRB- , it jammed again and balls didnt come out , even hitting or shaking it ... im gon na have to open it and fix it , but i think is not worth it.also this hopper is suposed to starts working and never stop , so it keeps spining even if u are not firing the marker ... it wasnt expensive but the 20 $ it cost were a completly waste of money , it just doesnt work.im going to buy a new loader , but my next one is not going to be a ricochet
 im new in paintball , and i bough a spyder electra and a gravity loader.the first time i played i felt that i really needed an electronic loader because the electra shots really fast , so i decided to start with a basic electronic hopper . i was thinking about this ricochet and the extreme rage.i decided to buy the ricochet because i thought it was cooler and it looked like a good brand , but when i opened it , it just didnt work.after making 5 minutes of trying to make the motor spinn , pushing it with my fingers , it started to work , but when i restarted it , it was jammed again and i had to make it spinn again.then , after open the loader , it just started working , so i put some paintballs on it , and after throwing half of the balls down -LRB- with out the marker on -RRB- , it jammed again and balls didnt come out , even hitting or shaking it ... im gon na have to open it and fix it , but i think is not worth it.also this hopper is suposed to starts working and never stop , so it keeps spining even if u are not firing the marker ... it wasnt expensive but the 20 $ it cost were a completly waste of money , it just doesnt work.im going to buy a new loader , but my next one is not going to be a ricochet
 The product arrived in good condition and is a great shirt , just with a little delay for new year season.Columbia mens shirts.They are a completes size . for next buy i have to order a size less.AND THE COLOR IS NOT CORRECT AS MY ORDER .
 I ordered this shirt based on Columbia 's reputation and style . I ordered a medium and it seemed like an extra large . It was so big that I 'm not even sure that a small would fit me . What 's with this ? Ca n't Columbia get their sizing right ? Is it that hard ?
 producto no entregado ; dicha compra fue realizada a mediado del mes de octubre de a & ntilde ; o 2012 el mismo no ha sido entregado , de lo mismo no he tenido respuesta de donde esta mis productos comprados
 my standard measure is XL but XL in this shirt equal XXL ... so you have to show that , the measures is not standard
 I disliked this product because the size is very bigI love Columbia clothes but the size is not correct in this product
 Good afternoom . i never recived the product so i will apreciate your help giving me all the tracking information.I will appreciate your soon answer.best regards
 Good friend I am of venezuela . I write to him because I did to him a purchase of two shirts Columbias it pinches short colors red and purple . You me sending a mail saying that already they were sent but it did not give to me the number of sending . I am translating since I do not speak Englishman . I wait for his prompt response porfavor .
 Columbia has yet to let me down in the quality of their clothes , durability and materials used . This shirt , is no exception . The only problem with this shirt , and it 's a big one , is that the size is waaayyyy off . I would venture to say 2 sizes off . I ordered a large , as I am a large in every other brand including other Columbia product lines , but this shirt was so big I could fully loaded ruck sack underneath it !! Seriously , it is at least one size larger than labeled but I would venture to say it might even be 2 sizes too large . I 'm going to give it to my dad who typically wears a XXL and see if it fits him . Bottom line , do not order this shirt online unless you have confirmed your size in a store first .
 Not happy with what is considered a large . I bought a columbia shirt out of a store several weeks ago . The large size fit me perfectly . I then ordered a Columbia Bonehead shirt -LRB- size large -RRB- from here . Its huge . Way too big for me and i 'm 6 ' 3 '' . Guess i 'll start studying sizing charts .
 I really wanted to get this shirt for my son . However , after reading 50 reviews that say that the shirt size is way off -LRB- by one or two sizes -RRB- , I had to pass it by . One wonders why the seller would not correct the size , or be more helpful on which size to order .
 Good afternoon receive a warm greeting from me ! pleased with the purchases I have made so far with the company amazon , I address you on this occasion to inform the dissatisfaction that I have about the Order Columbia Men 's Bonehead Short Sleeve Shirt , Lemon Whip , XL , because they also come with a different size -LRB- bigger -RRB- I noticed that the goods came with altered labels , ie labels to hide labels on the original size and thus suggest the size indicated q was then sent descriptions of these labels :1 - Bottom Label and original
 estimados amigos nunca recibi el producto , y aparece que fue entregado , lastimosamente nunca me llego a mis manos ... espero tener alguan respuesta si logran saber algo , , , gracias
 hinotify them that I can not make any observation of the goods , because I have not received . I have tried to contact the selling but the site does not give me the option.I am grateful to report that the claim via
 If you expect a button to come off every single time you clean these shirts , this shirt is for you . They are comfortable , but not worth the effort of finding and sewing buttons back on all the time . I do not recommend these shirts .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I am your average 6 ' 7 '' , 230 lb giant with a quasi athletic build and out of the box I am telling you one size definitely does not fit all . I slapped on the knee pads and had to nearly cut off the circulation in my leg to attach the straps . Then I went nuts and knelt down . The straps fought me every inch of the way to the ground until they finally gave up when I made contact . I am hoping with a few rounds of paintball the straps will stretch out enough to get them even close to comfortable . Same goes for the elbow pads . I would say they are built for your average teenage player ... not your average giant . Bigger Buyer Beware .
 These pads fell apart the minute I put them on . The straps are horrid so I couldnt wear them enough to rate there actual pads .
 Worked fine for 3 weeks . Stopped sensing the sensor . I could move the magnet past the sensor and hear its internal reed switch click open/close . But , the computer was n't detecting it . Computer could be manually turned on . But , still , it did n't detect anything happening at the sensor .
 I read the brief direction for this product and put it together with great attention to detail ... the product has never worked and I am very dissapointed after buying the brand I thought was trusted
 I was a little concerned about the quality of this item based on its price but since the majority of the reviews seemed positive I decided to give it a try and that was a big mistake . This is probably the most poorly conceived bike computer ever designed . Rather than being held in place with screw tightened brackets everything is mounted with zip ties which seems like a good idea except that you can not get them tight enough to hold everything in place , the readout unit slips down due to the normal vibration and the pickup unit needs constant adjustment in order to work . This will be going back in the morning and I will buy a decent Cat Eye , or Sigma computer like I should have done in the first place . I would not use this thing if they were giving them away free .
 I bought the schwinn 12 function speedometer at Wal Mart . I set up the computer and installed it on the bike , I tried it out , it did not work . Thinking I mounted the sensor wrong I made some adjustments , it still would n't work . Long story made short , I pushed down on the schwinn emblem on the computer and it worked . The contact points on the holder and computer are not making a good connection . It works good if you want to keep pushing on it , stops working when you let off . I would not recommend this item .
 I only give it 1/5 b/c there is n't an option for 0 stars . After proper set-up and installation , the unit does n't show any type of measurements . I 'm not sure what 's the problem , maybe it 's the sensors that are bad . But even with the cheap price you would expect it to work at least ONCE ! I guess it 's a hit or miss when you dealing with low-end accessories like this one . Spend a couple extra bucks and get yourself something that will last you longer than 0 minutes .
 She only used it 2 times by the 3 time it would not register any speed or any distance she had been . Thank you
 This spedometer/odometer was easy enough to install , and was quite functional for nearly two months . It attaches to your bike 's handlebars with a little clip it can be slid out of , like many bike lights . Unfortunately , the clip does n't hold the spedometer securely , and it fell off several times -LRB- when riding , and not -RRB- and was eventually lost . If they were still $ 10 I 'd buy another , paint it red , and glue it on , but for $ 20 you can get a device with more functionality -LRB- or at least styling that makes it easier to find on the ground -RRB- .
 Love this bike computer - it does everything that I expect of it . Some functions are useless to me because I cant see them due to age related vision impairment . And I accept that . I can see the things that are important to me without my reading glasses
 My unit lasted for little over three months . I was generally happy with it , but would not by another one . Let me tell you why.The unit has few flaws but the fatal is the bike `` docking '' piece . The plastic wears off quickly if you dock and undock it everyday . Eventually unit will fall off almost on its own and once that happens in traffic - it 's gone . The readability of the display good be better and although the unit is surprisingly well sealed for moisture , it tends to suck it in.On the brights , the unit works and provides the desired functions . If it had n't died because the other shortcomings , I would still be using it
 Very poor quality build and software . I 'm going to re-buy something I can use and pay a little more for quality -LRB- that 's my suggestion to you -RRB- The way the software works -LRB- I still have n't figured it out , and I work with software all day -RRB- , I would n't be surprised if this is a generic Chinese product that gets branded with what ever brand wants to carry it as their sub , sub , sub bottom of the range ... The issue with that is ... All that did for me is make sure I do n't rely on Schwinn for quality ever again .
 I was so excited but when I opened the package ... oh my ... talk about difficult to calibrate ! I had to call the company to get instructions.I was surprised when they told me the calibrations for the item were incorrect in the instructions ... duh ??? My gosh , suddenly a simple little digital item needed an engineer to set the darned thing up ! Who knew?When I biked on my 2nd time with someone else , they told me my calibration was wrong so my mileage was incorrect ! ; o -LRB- The item is difficult to change settings when riding , so that made it ever less user friendly . -LRB- Who carries the directions with them on their bike ? Who should have to ? -RRB- I had to stop and pull over and attempt to recalibrate again but still had problems with accuracy.The 3rd time I used the item , I rode over a normal sidewalk bump and the computer bounced off the base into the bushes in the dark and disappeared ... looked for 10 minutes with flashlights and decided to write this off as `` I received what I paid for . `` A badly designed product . Not recommended . : o -LRB- A bad purchase and decision on my part!Good riddance !! I have ordered another brand and have to untangle all those danged wires and start all over.I made a mistake thinking the Schwinn name on the product meant they had checked the electronics out thoroughly in advance.No way !
 Functionally , I like it - it 's a nice little computer . But it resets itself every two or three months . That drives me crazy because I ca n't keep a mileage history . It happens when I detach it , put it in my pocket , then reattach it . Back to all zeros and I have to reprogram the date and tire size . I had a Cateye before this and that never happened.Update 10-15-11
 I used one of these computers for a couple of years and although it worked fine most of the time , the real problem was in summer heat , where the entire display screen would turn black so I could n't read anything . I first discovered this while on an 1,800 mile tour in Central America , where every day was near 100 degrees . It was almost useless on that trip , except in the mornings before it got too hot out . Later , I started experiencing the same problem others have reported of the contacts not making a connection . At first that would only happen when it rained , but later it did it even when dry out . I would avoid this one , unless maybe you just want to use it on a stationary bike indoors .
 I have used this electronic odometer only once , and after I put all the info into the device -LRB- 26 inches each wheel -RRB- it said that I had ridden my bike -LRB- a 26 inch hybrid -RRB- for almost 11-1/2 miles . So my unit is VERY inaccurate , since I googled the distance and it added to only a little more than 8 miles - 33 percent less . Other thoughts
 This product does n't work right out of the box . I 've made adjustments and tinkered around , and I ca n't get this thing to work AT ALL . Sometimes when I ride I see it jump to random m/hr readings and then drop back down to it 's usual 0.0 m/hr . I now just use it as a clock .
 I found the instructions very difficult to understand , and I am not computer novice - indeed I was a technical writer and wrote things like this.Instead of cramming all the information in one small sheet , it should have been expanded to full page size with easy-to-follow steps . This is a common practice and would have cost nothing.Also the leftmost characters in the display are not visible , making it harder to understand . The cyclist symbol at the upper left is so small it is useless . It is supposed to indicate acceleration or deceleration , something the rider already knows.It would be nice if they included some additional Zip Ties to secure the extra cord.The battery is a tiny thing , I wonder how long it will last .
 I purchased this odometer/computer for my mountain bike . Assembly was not difficult at all . I did have one question . I called the 800 number that was provided and the agent was very helpful.Bad News - On my second ride , the unit popped off and I lost it on the trail . Poor design ... Good News - I called the 800 number again , and they will be sending me a new unit as a `` courtesy '' . Bottom Line - `` just ok '' product , -LRB- then again it was only $ 10.95 -RRB- , but `` Good '' costumer service .
 As with all the bike accessories that are in the big-box discount stores like Wal-Mart , Target , Meijers , etc. -LRB- and the bikes , themselves , for that matter -RRB- , this speedometer is designed primarily for casual or child use . Keeping that in mind , here are the negatives :1 . The attaching mechanism on the mount is a flimsy , rubber strap with eyelets that hook around a nub . Other reviews have stated that bumps will cause it to pop off . While it has n't happened to me -LRB- yet -RRB- , it certainly seems plausible .2 . Because of the cheap design of the mount , it can only be oriented -LRB- mounted -RRB- one way . At most , you can angle the speedometer a little one way or the other , but ca n't rotate it a complete 90 . IOW , if you want to attach it to the handlebar stem to save space on your handlebars for something else , you 're SOL . This is not the case with other , better bike speedometers .3 . The speedometer does n't inspire confidence when inserting it into the mount -LRB- it does n't feel very secure -RRB- . Other reviews have stated the speedometer comes loose and does not make proper contact with the mount and , again , it sure seems like it could happen .4 . The wheel spoke magnet has four little plastic ` tangs ' that hold the magent into that mount . The problem is the tangs can actually make contact with the sensor . I was hearing a faint ` clicking ' noise and discovered it was one of the tangs cutting a nice groove into the sensor . Fortunately , I was able to move the magnet away from the sensor and it still works , but who knows for how long ? 5 . The speedometer 's buttons feel downright cheap , like a plastic toy.The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because it has the biggest numeral display for speed of any of the cheap speedometers . But that aside , save your money and invest in a slightly more expensive , better speedometer like Cateye or Sigma that are carried by an LBS , big-box sports store -LRB- like Dicks -RRB- , or online .
 the computer started to malfuction after 4 months . it just keeps resetting , even after i changed the battery .
 If all you do is ride mid-day this thing will work fine.But if you ever wear polarized sunglasses or ride any time dear dusk or dawn , the horribly cheap polarization on the LCD display will make this thing unreadable .
 Sensor does not work . Period . I have installed at least 6 other bike computers . All worked after adjustment ; This one WILL NOT SENSE WHEEL MOTION.AVOID .
 This sword has turned out to be a very deceptive item . The sheath is plastic . The description states that it has been sharpened ... the truth is that only the point of the sword has been . The rest -LRB- the entire length -RRB- is not and has been ground to nearly a 45 degree angle on both sides making the process of putting an edge on said sword nearly impossible . If you want something to `` hang on the wall '' and stare at , this is for you . Otherwise move on .
 I imagine it should be obvious to most people but this sword is not meant to actually be used . It is for decoration purposes only . It may look nice and that is fine for most people but the fact is that there is very little about this sword that is authentic . More than likely it is machine made and sharpened . If you are looking for the real thing and not just an imitation I suggest looking at a different sword , maybe something from Paul Chen -LRB- Hanwei -RRB- .
 received item in a prompt manner but the handle is very loose and the blade is n't sharp at all . I do n't like to bother with sending things back so i will keep it as a show piece because despite its terrible handle its still a beautiful sword . I just know for future orders to stay away from this particular company !
 The stand is wooden and will not stay together . The sword wrapping has now come unravelled and it has not been handled but 3times
 So , when I got it out of the box it looked amazing . And after a few air swings the blade turned and twisted 80 degrease to the left . In all it was good at first , but there is one indisputable fact , The prices are low and looks like a good product there is a really bad part of it .
 not worth the money spent . blade is loose and is not safe to handle . I had low expectations and they were not met
 Its not that bad but is made out of cheap mettle and when shipped the blade was half fallen off
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I was really excited to get my ring and it was beautiful . But it has lost it 's shine , turned gray and I do n't know how to get it back to original shine .
 It is a good workout out , but I wouldnt call it insane , and I 'm only in moderate shape . I 've been doing it for a few weeks now and havent noticed any real changes , but I think it 'll be better when I start suplementing with other workouts . Also one of the DVDs was missing -LRB- the plyometric cardio something or other -RRB- and it also did n't come with a body fat checker that I 'm pretty sure it advertised in the description which forces me to give it a worse review than I normally would .
 there is absolutely no justification for charging this amount of money for any workout program on DVD . that 's the `` insanity '' associated with this . a proper price point would be something around $ 40 ... like $ 39.95 .
 The description of this item and the title all state that this is a `` Junior '' skirt . when received , the tags from Fogdog state that the size is a `` Junior '' L. However , the tag on the band of the skirt clearly states that these are YOUTH skirts , not Juniors . Fogdog needs to change their description and tags to reflect youth sizing . There is a huge difference in youth sizing and junior sizing . No way my daughter can wear this .
 I bought this to replace an old gel seat that I 've had for about ten years and that was finally giving out on me . Right out of the packaging , this Schwinn seat looks like it would be very comfortable , but it 's got a hard base underneath that makes it feel like I 'm riding on a layer of wood.Also , the product description says that it is designed for `` spin bikes '' and does n't say that it 's made only for Schwinn spin bikes , so I thought it would be alright to use for my Phoenix spin bike . However , it keeps moving and shifting around when I use it , even when I pull the draw strings as tight as possible . This movements ends up causing some chafing on my inner thighs , which is certainly not a pleasant thing.I 'll continue to use this since I ca n't return it since I 've used it a few times , but I 'm not that impressed with it and would suggest looking at another brand .
 This would be a really good product if it fit the seat on my bike . After reading some of the other reviews , I had some doubt about purchasing this item . A lot of people were talking about outdoor bikes and spin bikes , and how the cover did not fit . I have a Schwinn Stationery bike , so I thought maybe it would fit because it was a different type of bike . Wrong answer , the width of the cover is not wide enough and the length is not long enough . I was very disappointed . I am just going to detach my seat and take it to a bike shop where I can purchase the right seat cover for it .
 We received this order only to find out the already relatively cheap life ring was personalized with cheap stickers . These stickers were already peeling off upon removing it from the shipping bag ! You can tell they were put on my hand because they were not even straight . Wow . $ 49.99 for a $ 5 life ring and 20 cent stickers . They did offer to take it back , or this would be a 1 star , but we 're still out the $ 10 shipping . Avoid . Get a sharpie and make your own . It would probably look better anyway .
 Our 4 year old received this for a birthday present . The helmet is ok , except that the adhesive pads inside came off the first wearing -LRB- and the adhesive got in her hair - what a mess ! -RRB- . The knee and elbow pads are too stiff to stay on her knees and elbows . And they are just a plastic bubble . The first time she fell , the plastic shattered on one of them and made it worthless and dangerous for further use.The big sell point was that it was pink and had the Princesses on it . Why ca n't Disney make quality products ? They sure charge enough !
 Of course the real draw for this item is that it has the disney princesses on it . Let face it , you could put disney princesses on a piece of garbage and people will buy it . My daughter loved this when we gave it to her , but almost immediately the stickers popped off , the seams on the edge of the helmet were coming loose , and the strap that goes under the chin is cumbersome at best . I can not say she has even worn the knee and elbow pads , as they are stiff and uncomfortable . Makes you wonder if anyone who makes this stuff actually tries it to see if it 's any good . Do I feel ripped off ? Yep . I do have to say that the best part of this whole set was the bicycle bell . It 's cute and actually works . As for the rest , I am sure it will be resting at the bottom of my trash can soon . Do n't buy it ! Just say no !
 I purchased this for my daughter to go with her new princess bike . The helmet and bell are fine , but the elbow and knee pads are completely inflexible , and will not move with your child . She could n't move her elbows or knees ! Took it back .
 the helmats are in a weird shape and the pats are so stiff they cant workbut the bells cool
 I bought 2 of the Disney Princess helmets and they both broke within a couple of months . On one of the helmets the entire plastic covering fell off and on the other the glue holding the straps to the styrofoam did n't work . While these helmets are cute they are not worth the money .
 my three year old daughter prefers to fall and get scars than to use these pads . she says these pads are very uncomfortable and they hurt her . when she does wear them , she takes them out after two minutes .
 I purchased this item for my daughter . The helmet did not fit that great . And the knee and elbow pads are usless being as stiff as a board and my daughter could not even use them . . I ended up throwing them out . May I suggest that you just go to a proffesional bike shop like I ended up doing . Your kids saftey is worth it!Hope this helps !!
 The box says that assembly is frustration free . This was anything but that . The assembly was a total nuisance . The instructions were poorly written , and some of the parts did not seem to fit together well . It took over 1 1/2 hours to put together and I have requested a few replacement parts which I hope fit better than those supplied.I am skeptical of the longevity of this product .
 First off , the two main pieces of the body are molded by some machine which leaves little pieces of hard plastic rattling inside both bodies . If you dont mind the bike rattling like its broken then this is not a problem ; otherwise you need to shake the pieces out of each of the parts of the body , kind of like getting a pick out of a guitar . I took off the flag cover part to do this . It was a long and tedious process.Secondly , the instructions have a list of required parts
 Do n't buy this bike unless your son is over 48 inches tall . Roughly 4years of age.My son was at 90th percentile in height at three years old . That makes him 39 '' tall . With the backrest on the lowest setting or closest to petals , his feet barely touches the petals with his legs fully extended and ca n't pedal bike . If he were to pedal the bike straight he will need an additional 3 inches in LEG length not 3 inches in overall height . Also when you turn the bike the pedal on the outside of turn moves even further away so he now needs an additional 3 to 6 inches of leg length to reach pedal . I estimate my son needs a minimum of 6 inches in leg length to reach pedals or 10 to 12 inches in overall height .
 Got this today for my 3 year old son . There is no way this is made for a child of 3 , even though the box says it is for kids age 3-7 . My son wo n't be able to ride this for at least a year.Super cool toy , and it seems sturdy enough , but honestly , by the time my kid is big enough to ride the darned thing , he will be riding a bicycle , not a toddler 's trike.Massive disappointment for my son who picked it out , and for my husband who wanted his kid to have a big wheel `` like Daddy used to have '' . Yeah , except Daddy was n't riding it around when he was 15 , which seems to be the age this monstrosity is built for.Now it just sits creepily in our house with nobody to ride it reminding me of The Shining .
 Got this for my 5 year old . The front tire just spins !! Do n't waste your money if you live on a dirt road or anything that is not a concrete driveway . They have to pull on the handle bars but this makes the tire spin . My son will not even try anymore . I had great hopes but was really let down .
 My son is almost 4 and is the tallest in his class -LRB- by far -RRB- and is BARELY able to reach the pedals . The seat wo n't fit properly into the holes and he has bruises all over his back after riding for a short time , even with a towel behind his back . The screws holding the flag tore out within a week .
 The kids loved it however the adjustable seat does not stay in the holes and falls out while being ridden . This is a definate hazard ! We ended up placing lg . Rubber bands around the pegs And this helps to keep the seat in the holes but I 'm really disappointed and would Not Recommend for this reason
 I have mixed feelings on this bike.The manufauctures age recommendation starts at 36 months , so we bought this for our daughters 3rd birthday . Before I go any further , let me start by saying my daughter is VERY tall for her age -LRB- 95th % -RRB- . She was so excited to get this but was quickly let down by the fact that she could not reach the pedals . Being handy , by husband & father-in-law made pedal extenders and she could still not reach the pedals . Now , over a year later , she is now 4 and 42 '' and can BARELY reach the pedals enough to actually pedal it -LRB- that 's with the pedal extenders we made that are 3/4 '' -RRB- . IF they adjusted the manufactures suggested age , I would still only give this 3.5-4 stars . Given that it has hardly been used in last year , I am not thrilled at how the plastic front wheel is already starting to crack . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because both of my kids -LRB- younger one is 14 months -RRB- do enjoy sitting on this while pushing the bike backward with their feet on the ground.I would only consider this bike if your child is at least 43 '' tall .
 I just got this for my son because his Original Big Wheel finally broke down . That being the very best riding toy * ever * , it was difficult to replace . You can no longer buy a quality version of the Original Big Wheel -LRB- company went out of business and new company producing is making a cheap/bad version ? -RRB- , so we got this . It looks cool , and the rubbery front wheel is great . Also love the flag . Bad things
 make sure to check all the parts before assembling . I did n't , and when I got to the final step it was missing a part . Other than that its a very sturdy trike . . I returned it and did buy another one .
 Nice but found the same bike at Walmart for $ 49 . So disappointed that I paid so much more . Wish I had shopped the price around .
 This product is JUNK !!! Made of all cheap plastic , not durable at all . My 4 year old wo n't ride it nor will any of his play friends . Total waste of money . If u want this item u can have the one I bought for free , really !!
 My 3 yr old loves this bike . He races around and spins out by quickly turning the handles - this is heart stopping the first time a parent watches . This down side is that he gets bruises on his back every time he rides it . I was very alarmed the first couple times I saw the bruising until I figured out what was causing them -LRB- not the nanny ! -RRB- . At 39 '' tall he can barely reach the pedals at the shortest seat setting . I think he is leveraging off the top of the backrest to get momentum and causing the bruising . I would n't not recommend this for kids until they get taller and can leverage with their legs better .
 We bought this for my daughter 's 9th birthday . Yes she is tiny . She loves it ! My only problem is that we have one pedal that is wanting to come off . Other than that it has been well used !
 I bought this for my 3 year old son who has always been considered tall for his age and he still ca n't ride this darn bike because his feet ca n't reach the pedal when he tries to ride it . The description of the bike says for 36 months but my son is now 3.5 years old and still ca n't ride this bike . Very frustrating ... plus he says the seat hurts his back . Very disappointed in overall purchase of this bike .
 Other than a VERY uncomfortable seat , this product was great for my 2 young sons ... for the first year that we had it . Shortly after the 1 year mark , the back tires just split down the middle and fell apart . I called Radio Flyer , who told me that it was out of warranty and there is nothing they could do ... I could pay for another wheel if I wanted to . WHAT ? I paid almost twice as much -LRB- compared to an original Big Wheel -RRB- for a product that I thought was made by a company known for durable products , and I barely get one year out of it ? The Big Wheel that we had previously lasted longer than this . I suggest spending less money and buying a Big Wheel . At least when you have to replace it , you wo n't be paying as much . Thanks , but no thanks , Radio Flyer .
 The manufacturer misaligned the metal plate on the wheel bar , so I was unable to put the wheel on at all because the little plastic fitting did n't go on it . Overall , I was expecting higher quality because of the name , but it 's a piece of junk . The entire thing is plastic , no real treads like advertised . The old ones from when I was a kid were much better and had more tread . After 1 1/2 hours of trying to assemble this thing , having taken it apart to see where I went wrong , I realized it was a manufacturer 's defect!To make this so much worse , this was my daughter 's `` big '' gift from Santa , the one she wanted the most . Now I have a big gift for her brother , and nothing for her . How sad is that !? What a terrible experience . I would recommend getting the Original Big Wheel over this any day ...
 Santa gave this toy to our daughter on her 3rd Christmas -- big mistake ! It 's been sitting in the corner collecting dust , because , even on the closest seat selection , her feet ca n't turn the peddles . At 3 1/2 and 3ft , 2 inches tall , it will be at least another six months , if not longer , -LRB- and she 's tall for her age -RRB- , before she 's able to even ride it . while it may be exciting at a taller age , she is asking why Santa gave her a toy she ca n't use yet . Grrrr .
 We bought this for our son 's big Xmas gift -- after three hours of trying to get it together , we realized it was n't going to happen as it was defective ! The metal plate was n't built correctly . This was a big disappointment overall .
 I wanted to get this particular tricycle because of the solid-wheel design -LRB- my son could n't get his fingers caught in the spokes -RRB- . The flag on the back of the bike is attached with screws . 2 of the three screws backed out the first day we had the bike . 1 stayed partially in the plastic and the other fell completely out . My husband is super good at assembling things , so I know it was n't an assembly error . This is obviously really dangerous for a toddler and I would n't recommend it .
 I bought this for my 5 year old son , after he outgrew his first `` big wheel '' type bike . I am incredibly disappointed and am going to call Radio Flyer to see if they 'll do anything for me . The seat does NOT stay on at all , it pops out constantly . The seat is also very uncomfortable for my son -LRB- when it stays on -RRB- and it hurts his back , so I have to drape a small blanket over it just for him to be able to ride . I 'm really disappointed because I was thinking this would last him the next few years ... we 've only had it a week or so and do n't want it !
 We were disappointed that it did n't have a hand brake as the big wheel does . It was hard to put together . May have to order a couple parts due to installation problems .
 Dear AllJust a little to share with people who may be intersted in this item . I bought this item because my son always asking for a bicycle . So we decide on purchasing it for him before his second birthday . The color is very nice , durable and have that pimp my ride look . Long and short my son ride this bike every day , its his new best freind on November 06 , 2009 he was riding it in the yard when the back part of it i.e. the rest for his back fell out he lost balance and drop back ways on his back burst his head leaving a hugh bump in the back ... My problem is that the back rest is not properly made to fit into the holes . I am aware of the issue the 1st time i pushed him myself , but never remember to mention to his grandma that whenever he is riding please make sure to be close to him , so that this incident could be prevented . Other than the back rest is not properly made if the child is big enough and can manage without the rest then he or she will be fine ...
 This is a pretty solid bike . It is a shame the pedals wo n't stay on it ! They fell off after only an hour . This is also best for older kids . It was way too big for my 2 year old . Seems that if they could make a better design for the pedals and lower the price a bit it would be better .
 This classic big wheel is so much fun for my 4 year old boy . However , the seat back is poorly designed . The design of the big wheel causes the child to lean back but the seat back is WAY too low . My son spent an hour riding his big wheel last night at a neighborhood party . He woke up this morning complaining that his back hurt . He has several deep bruises from leaning against the seat back as he was riding . He loves his `` motorcycle '' but is now scared to ride it . I would not buy this product until the design is changed !
 I bought this for my nephews 3rd birthday , thinking `` Well it 's a Radio Flyer , so I 'm sure it 's excellent quality '' ... Boy was I wrong . I do n't even know where to begin ... the plastic is cheap probably PVC based crap , yep pretty much the stuff they use to make milk containers out of . Brand new out of the box and the stickers are already peeling off . The inside of the toy had plastic bits shaking around . To assembly the toy you need four wrench 's -LRB- two sizes - one to hold one end and one to tighten , both on different size bolts -RRB- , a phillips screwdriver and a hammer ... so you need 6 tools to assemble a toy ... I use less tools to change the oil in my car . Above all else is the total disappointment you feel when you realize something you had as a kid which brings back so many fond memories has started using it 's name to sell crap manufactured in Asia . Profits before people ... pretty sad ... I just hope my nephew likes it anyway .
 We bought the radio flyer big flyer May 2011 for our twin grandsons ' three year old birthday . They could not reach the pedals with the seat all the way up . They are now fast approaching four years old and still can not reach the pedals . Any suggestions ?
 I bought this for my 3 year old son , but unfortunately he could n't ride it until months before he turned 5 -LRB- and he 's in the 75th percentile for height -RRB- . He rode it all morning in a parade on the 4th if July and later when we went swimming , he had 3 bruises on his back . We could NOT figure out why ... until we realized they were in the spots where the hard plastic screws together on the back of the seat . He had complained a little that morning , but we did n't realize what was happening . We bought him a bike that afternoon and threw the big wheel in the recycling - no way I want another child using this product !
 This trike is for at least 4 year olds . The pedals are way to far for my 3 1/2 year old to reach . She is frustrated trying to pedal it and has given up quickly . And when the steering is turned , the distance is even greater . I tried taping some cardboard to the pedals to raise the height , but even with that it 's too far away ! It seems Radio Flyer is trying to widen their customer base by lowering the age for this toy . If your child is below 4 years old , it will be a useless toy for them . Also , the flag was torn out of the tiny screwholes the first day .
 My son was so excited to get this cool-looking trike for his 4th birthday . For looks alone , it deserves 5 points . However , it does not move . The front wheel , which propels the trike , just churns , but does not grip , since it is made of hard plastic . So my son pedals , but he wo n't get anywhere . We tried it on concrete , asphalt and grass . Unless you are going downhill , it did not budge . The only upside
 I have a Schwinn bike and assumed the Schwinn light would fit , but I was wrong.I emailed customer service at Schwinn and they did n't apologize for it.I ended up getting a Cateye light which was so much easier to install and did n't require any tools.Do not bother with this Schwinn light . It is big , bulky , wo n't fit on a Schwinn bike and harder than it needs to be to install .
 There is no wires or switch in side just sping steel . After a few weeks of daily use it would get stuck on or off . Get the Bell haeadlights . Tip
 I got this set because i needed something right away and it was the only one i could get locally . The tailight isnt bad and is pretty visable , but the headlight is very dim . You wont be able to see much in front of you if you are traveling at night at any sort of decent speed . I almost hit a possum once -LRB- i live in a rural area -RRB- . This light will also drain batteries quickly -LRB- making it even more dim -RRB- , unlike most LED lights.I would strongly suggest getting a LED light for a few more dollars -LRB- there are .5 watt LED lights on here -RRB- . UPDATE
 I regret spending my money on this product . The headlight started out working fine but then after about 4 uses I noticed it started going dim . Eventually after about 7 uses the light would n't even come on even after replacing the batteries . My ride from home to work is only 5-10 minutes and the light should n't have given out this quickly . My advice to you , spend the extra few dollars and get a better quality product . I give this product two stars only because the backlight is still working fine .
 It looks and feel cheap plastic . Not bright enough for night time use . May be I have way too much expectation but if you are a serious biker get something else .
 I bought this light from Walmart for about 15 dollars.First of all the headlight is large and nothing about it says sleek , but I did n't let that bother me . After some manipulation -LRB- it was n't quite as easy as the instructions made it out to be -RRB- I got both lights mounted and running.The taillight has so far been great . It 's quite visible and has many different flash patterns.Unfortunately , the head light is n't as bright as the tail lights . Plus , five minutes into my third use -LRB- my night rides were no longer than 30 minutes tops -RRB- , it went out . I got home and discovered that the light had caused my new batteries to explode , and now the light is no good whatsoever.It 's not a total waste , as the rear light is fantastic , but overall I would say that it is a waste of money . I 'll be investing in a better headlight .
 I 'm used to my battery operated things accept their batteries and turn on . This product must be disassembled to install the batteries . I am mechanically inclined and everything looks correct but it takes fidgeting with . For an hour . To put batteries in and make it work . Do not buy Schwinn products .
 I bought this set and after one use the headlight stopped working . it also was such a narrow beam of light that all i could see is the light on the road . not the road . not worth the little I paid for it . the tail light worked fine
 Schwinn might make good bicycles , but they offer poor quality accessories . This light set is yet another example . While installing the headlight , one of the hinges broke , so now there is a loose fit . Another flaw is that the light is n't very bright . I know that xenon bulbs are not the same as LEDs , but this is still exceptionally . The rear light is okay , but I have a rear bike rack that is attached to the seat post . If I attach the rear light to the seat post AND an carrying something on the rack , then the light is not visible . I wish that Schwinn had designed a more versatile set that could be attached to different parts of a bike . Simply adding screw holes would have easily solved this problem . Needless to say , I returned this to the store .
 I normally take 1 star review with a grain of salt . The front light is extra large , but I can deal with that . I bought 2 of these sets . The back lights are working ok , for now , but my wife and I used them for 2.5 rides . Her light blew on the second ride and mine on the next . I checked the batteries , solder points , etc. . I jiggled the light and you could hear the blown bulb . Not worth replacing , maybe worth trying to return -LRB- although I glued a team mascot to the top of mine -LSB- the only thing the enormous size is good for -RSB- -RRB- definitely not worth purchasing ... Trusted name in bikes just got a little shadier .
 This collar is crap and beyond ugly -- i did n't even put it on my dog . Nothing like the bright cheery picture -- more like a dirty red with dirty rusty bells . yuck .
 The description of this item and the title all state that this is a `` Junior '' skirt . when received , the tags from Fogdog state that the size is a `` Junior '' L. However , the tag on the band of the skirt clearly states that these are YOUTH skirts , not Juniors . Fogdog needs to change their description and tags to reflect youth sizing . There is a huge difference in youth sizing and junior sizing . No way my daughter can wear this .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 this gun holds TONS OF BULLETS is SUPER POWERFUL but will break within a month
 I can not give a review of the Canon 12x36 Stabilization II Binoculars is because the Pair ordered in late November for a Christmas present came without a Warranty Card , and at best gray market merchandise . I returned then to A.A.E. because after numerous calls they would not furnish the Canon/USA warranty . Then even with a return Return Authorization Number A.A.E played the `` We did n't get it game '' . It took a Federal Express Investigator to smoke the binocular out . Today I may still be out some $ 600.00 , as the case is still pending with Discover Card.The good news is bought a pair of Steiner Binoculars for a little more from Optics Planet , Inc with a full 30 year warranty and a factory new product.To date I no of no action take by Amazon to help me -LRB- their customer -RRB- or any action take against their unscrupulous 3rd party vendor.Today you pay for everything you get , but do n't get what you pay for .
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 Not only was there no sound reduction but I could not get these to form a seal and they kept falling out of my ears . I have small ear canals and maybe that is the problem but other wise I found this product useless and do n't understand how they can sell it .
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 This watch is an expensive piece of crap . I purchased it in June . The band came apart a couple of months after it arrived . It began to stop or loose time in November . I replaced the battery in mid-December and it still would not keep the correct time . I tried to cover all of the possible issues before contacting Amazon/Chelsea Watch , but when I finally decided that the watch WAS defective and that it should be replaced my request was refused . The watch was not even 6 months old when I began having problems with it . To top it all off the digital portion is so small it is difficult to read -- it is n't as pictured .
 The watch worked for two weeks and then quit . I thought maybe it was the battery so I had it replaced . It still did n't work . The seller refused to exchange it or give me a refund .
 I purchased this ame watch 25 years ago and it had a long life and I was happy with it . I received this new watch and it was defective . The bezel was loose . I sent it back and requested a new one because I really like this watch . So instead of sending me a new watch they just refunded my money without informing me until I asked what happened . I am dissapointed with their customer service .
 NOT HAPPY AT ALL . . NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH I GOT IT JUST NOT THE ONE IN THE PIC THE ONE THEY SENT ME WAS YELLOW LOOKING ONE
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised , and the color was perfect , the socks did n't even last through one baseball game ... lousy product !!!
 this gun broke in the first 2 hours i do n't know how to refund but if i knew how i would .
 There is definitely comfort here and I 've worn it on the small of my back or lower for several long runs -LRB- 12-14 miles each -RRB- , but after my last run I noticed the inner lining has torn from the seams . The rest of the pack is intact but given I 've barely used it , it 's a bit quick for anything to tear .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 Cyber Planet initially sent item to New York instead of El Paso , Tx. , thus delaying delivery by over a week.Then Cyber Planet shipped a less expensive model of the Portable Sauna while charging for the more expensive model , stating that they did not have another model in stock.This item was never used by me or my wife because we sent it back for a refund , mainly because it was not the model that we ordered . The model we ordered stated that it also had a foot pad warmer . The model we received did not have a foot pad warmer , which essential for people with foot problems . The foot warmer can also be used by men to sit on for prostate benefits .
 The package was delivered as already openned one , which I suspect was a returned product . This made me feel uncomfortable . The heating power seems to be low . After 30 min heating I , normally easy to sweat , did n't sweat .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 Marballizer is great paint but ordering it from amazon is a terrible idea . The paint I 've received was bad . The packaging was horrible and some of the paint was broken . and then the rest of the paint was football shaped and my marker was chopping balls all day . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy paint from amazon , they must not understand how selling bad paint can ruin someones day at the field . I took my marker apart probably 15 times just to clean the paint out . And when you have someone 15 feet from you but ca n't shoot them because your just spraying paint , it makes you not even want to play . So buy paint from a local shop or from an actual paintball dealer so you get good paint . I had the worst experience on the field because of ordering it from amazon . DO N'T DO IT
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 The color displayed was different from what was delivered . In fact none of the colors are what I was expecting to get .
 This compass is a piece of junk and the only place it will get you is lost .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 They worked great for the first day I used them . I suppose if you are not planning on riding hard or far or often , these would work for you . For me , I lost a nut and a bolt and broke the right clip within 30 miles of riding at about a 20mph avg . I am going to check out some steel clips .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 I recieved a item totally different from what you guy were advertasing , there for I 'm really upset for your service .
 The description of the item lead me to believe it was a cammy with a built-in lined bra cup . Not just a shelf bra top . I did not want a top I could buy anywhere with shipping charges associated .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 I got this pack cause it looked very useful . but it is n't . the big flap opens for no reason and it 's secured by two big buckles . it would n't even hold my lunch and a few books . I liked the look and the fit but it was n't functional .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 I miss the old-school shadow box Umbros soccer shorts which apparently are only made these days for seven-year old girls . These shorts seemed like a good substitute and have been on my shopping list for years . I finally ordered a pair and there is a weird cut in the crotch area . The search continues .
 i just got my sword in , and it is definatly not what i expected . expecialy for the price . the blade seems real nice but the hilt looks used , beaten , poorly made and dirty . the `` leather '' they used , if it is even leather at all , is extreamly thin and by no means suitable for a battle ready sword .
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 If you are looking for a cheaper alternative to SKS race blades these are not the ones . Poor design . Too many pieces .
 I recommend getting full length fenders even if you have a bike without eyelets . If you 're willing to do a minor amount of customization , you can simply use zip ties to mount to the frame . The quality of these fenders is great , but the fact that they are short means that you still get a lot of spray when over ~ 20mph . At high speeds spray off the top of the front wheel comes back in your face , spray off the lower back side of the front wheel hits your feet on the pedal down stroke and spray off the back wheel bounces off the seat tube and onto your inner calf . Full length fenders pretty much eliminate all those problems .
 I got these for my road bike that did n't have fender braze-ons . The basic problem is that because they are so small they do n't completely protect you from wheel spray . i suppose they are better than nothing , but I tend to want fenders that completely protect me from road spray . Also , they have black rubber-ish pads that sit against the fork when attached . I used these on a white Look frame and the black ended up discoloring the frame - it is still there years later , even though I did n't keep these that long . Probably not a problem unless you have a light colored frame and even then you may not care , but it bothered me .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 Dont waste your $ $ $ . I bought these by mistake at Dunhams . They were $ 9.99 a box for two of them . I didnt even notice that there were two inside and they were ` snow shields ' . They say they can be used for tubing on the box ... and I was out to buy snow tubes.Basically they are tiny little inflatable snow shields you can velcro onto your wrists to deflect snow balls that are thrown your way.You CANT use them for tubing , because they are the size of a garbage can lid . Once a kid sits on them , they break.They are made of flimsy plastic like you would find in a dollar store inflatable.Pass these by !
 The string is fine for the first day . But it really loses its bounce . I would say im a 4-5 player , Ive played in tennis leagues . The second day of using these strings , im swinging hard at the ball but there is no transfer of power . Its like im using a wooden paddle . I ended up just giving away these strings
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 These knives came in a set of two . I had a few dollars left on my amazon gift card , so I figured I 'd buy these cheap , neat looking knives . When they shipped , they came with a sheath that held both . I picked up the knives and inspected them . On one , the tip was bent and on the other , the tang was wobbly and you could easily pull the blade out of the handle . Both knives ' handles were sticky , due to the extremely low quality fake-rubber-plastic grips . I tried to pull on the handle of one of them , and the fake rubber plastic broke ! By far , the cheapest piece of crap knives I have ever laid my hands on . I swear , the sheath is work more than the knives are.Pros : SharpNeat idea for a blade.Cons : Cheap handles -LRB- break upon touching -RRB- Cheap blades -LRB- bent tip -RRB- Overall , not worth buying . A good idea for a knife , badly executed .
 I simply tacked these onto an order of DVDs because they were cheap and a was interested in shoulder harness knives . I should have bought something else . These knives are small , light , and the split blade design has me afraid of using them for anything other than very light work . They do n't feel very tough at all . The harness itself is interesting , however , but still lacks versatility . I would not recommend this product.Update
 leaves marks on my nose bridge and it is very uncomfortable to use with ear muffs . I do not recommend it .
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 This shin guard protects you well , but it slips VERY easy and it held by only one velcro strap . Do n't buy this product !
 I had been impressed by the video , but was disapoointed , the pink does n't really reflect , defeating the entire idea .
 Ordered the blue and they do n't work as in the video at all , still my son who is 5 think of them as cool but to me it was just a waste of money since they do n't serve the purpose I intended when I bought them . It could be that the blue is not the best colour to chose , if you still want to get them , try yellow or white they might work better .
 The plastic coating seems to have dampened the reflective intensity of the illumination and it 's not even close to what the demo video has shown . Very disappointing !
 Very uncomfortable because the ends dig into your skin . They curl too much and sometimes pull off your limb and curl independantly .
 I bought the Everio DVD burner along with the Everior camcorder in 4/06 . The camcorder is great , but the burner is a piece of junk . I have NEVER been able to use it . Each time I try a disc - including the blank disc that was enclosed by JVC in the package with the burner - I get a message reading `` incompatible disc . '' I returned the unit to JVC within my warranty period , and they sent it back saying it was fine . Next time I tried , same thing , only now I was out of the warranty period , and I am stuck . Yes , I should have acted more quickly to begin with - I did n't try using the burner until I 'd accumulated enough material on the camcorder to make what I thought would have been a full DVD . Lesson - use all of the equipment you buy as soon as you get it . But even if I had , the cost of continuing to ship the unit back for service was ridiculous , and I had to cut losses . It is crap , and I am out $ 200 .
 No assembly instruction is included . Could n't find it from the internet either . Very frustrating ! Found a few other people also did n't receive the instruction .
 I was very disappointed when I received this product and there were no assembly instructions or workout Dvd included . I contacted the company and am waiting for a response . I would really like to start using this product but I may have to return it .
 I also purchased this product and when I received it the box did not include the assembly instructions . Tried calling the company but they were not open . I did however receive the workout DVD .
 you can not even control your movement ... . it is a disaster for beginners , so if u r a beginner , do n't buy it ... . maybe good looking ... nothing else good .
 I did n't expect much from a set of 2 knives for 10 bucks . What I received was less than garbage . Save yourself some frustration and get a better quality boot knife from someone else .
 I repeat , DO NOT buy ! The picture displayed looks absolutely nothing like the product you will receive . It is a poorly made knock-off that does not respemble a Pittsburgh Steelers Jersey in any other way , except for colors . I ordered this at the beginning of December , and have been fighting ever since on my refund - to date I still do not have it!Other than the obvious , if I could advise ALL Amazon customers , please read and re-read the return policies , especially on Third-party sellers ... i filed an Amazon Claim , and they require a tracking number -LRB- for both our protection -RRB- when shipping the return . Beware , the cheapest mail that provides a tracking number is $ 47.70 ! So not only am I out $ 146.00 for the Jersey , but I had to call and fight for Amazon to reimburse me , thru a credit to my acct - if you can not understand the return policy call more than 1 customer service rep !
 The Joe Greene jersey was received quickly and seems to be made well . However , the descripiton was that it was made by Reebok , but did not have the Reebok tag or logo on the sleeves . It also was to have the NFL sheield on the neckline which it did not . Disappointing for the amount of money paid .
 I have seen some of these reviews , they state they are fans . Well this is n't mean joe greene 's jersey . This is L C Greenwood 's jersey . Mean Joe Greene 's number is 75 . So congradulations you true fans , you just bought the wrong jersey , and if it does n't say reebok then it 's fake . Know before you blow -LRB- your cash -RRB- , better luck next time and have a great night : -RRB-
 I expected this bag to be made of better material than the thin `` plastic '' that it is ! I thought it would some kind of canvas material like my other stool/backpack . I 'm keeping it mostly for show because it looks nice and matches some other stuff I have but I 'm afraid to load anything heavy in it , unfortunately . That almost defeats the purpose of having a backpack but the stool is functional so that 's the only reason I 'm giving it two stars .
 I 'm sure this produce is a great tool for shooting . However ... . if you look at the picture of the product as advertised on Amazon , you 'll notice that it showcases the producT with a man standing and sitting . In reality , the bipod extends only 38 inches and can be used for prone and seated shooting . I wanted one that allowed me to stand . The picture indicates that this bipod would allow this . I was taken for over $ 40 . STONEY POINT MAKES EXCELLENT PRODUCTS . DO NOT let this review influence any decision to buy their products . I 'm just a little miffed at being taken by misleading advertising .
 Very disappointing ! The product is over priced for the lack of quality in materials used for construction . This pack was used for a six day trip and was not packed to capacity . It was used to go from the car trunk to the hostel and from the hostel back to the car trunk . Before six days was up , one of the main shoulder straps ripped -LRB- essential component to a working backpack -RRB- and two of the zippers stopped working . Had this bag been used for true backpacking and I did n't have the luxury of using a car for transporting my needed supplies , I would really be upset .
 I used to work in the recreational marine industry about 3 years ago . And Thule was a decent product . But I ordered the 881 and was extremely disappointed when I received it . Cheap plastic , poor pads and a reduction in features not properly documented . Bow and stern lines used to have nice rope ratchets -LRB- and are still noted in the owners manual as being provided -RRB- . Stainless bolts have been replaced with zinc . And the injection molded plastic is of a much lower quality.Frankly , I was shocked.No more Thule anything for me .
 I 've used the Thule 881 with tie downs about a half dozen times now and have no complaints . I have the rails mounted on top of my Wrangler , and the 881s on top of that , so my kayak is pretty high . To get it up I set the nose on top of the back of the Jeep top , then grab the rear T handle on my kayak . It 's a simple matter to get it slid into place from there . I 'm a little concerned that the rest pads of the 881 will break because I bend them some when mounting like this , but so far they are holding up .
 I ordered a pair of xs bdu pants for my son for Christmas . When they arrived I noticed they were too small . I called the number on the invoice and a very nice lady told me to return the pants and they would exchange them for a larger size . I did this and then never received the larger pants , its been nearly a month . They wont respond to my email . I am not sure what to do now other than write this review and hope I get someones attention . I dont have the original invoice so I dont have a phone # to call.S . Poe
 This tent is attractive and has some nice features , including multiple doors and ease of setup . The disadvantages highly outweigh the advantages , however . Here 's what we had trouble with on the very first -LRB- and only -RRB- use :1 . The zipper on the main door kept sticking over and over , even when there was no tent fabric catching in it . Before the camping trip was over , it broke altogether .2 . One of the end caps for the tent poles came off .3 . There 's no way to close the larger windows from inside . You either have to have the rain fly on at all times -LRB- not always preferable if you want to see the stars well or let off some heat in the day -RRB- or get really fast at putting it back on in inclement weather .4 . If the tent is set up in a taut fashion where there is n't anything sagging -LRB- as it should be -RRB- , it 's nigh impossible to get the room partitions to attach properly.To the bargain hunters out there , I 'd say that this tent is no bargain . We 're returning ours after one use , and we 'll pay more if necessary to find a tent that is better constructed .
 I like this belt OK . It looks good . But I needed it to help support carry of a 1911 . It is not a bad belt , it is just not thick or firm enough to carry something heavy . Not good for the purpose for which I bought it .
 Bianchi has been around and is well known for thier gun leather , so I mistakenly thought this belt would be appropriate and provide adequate support for use with a concealed carry , outside the waitband holster . Not so.This belt is made in Mexico . Leather thickness varies from .133 '' to .155 '' . After a month of wear , the belt is sagging and showing areas of ripples and weakened areas in the leather . I 'm not overweight -LRB- waist 33 , 6 ' 1 '' tall -RRB- , so I 'm not putting any undue or unusual stresses on the belt.If you are looking for a belt for utility use , to carry a weapon or other tools that may weigh more than a cell phone - - this ai n't it . Bianchi has outsourced their product and quality .
 The belt seems nice enough . I 'm not sure what qualifies it as a belt to be used for carry . It 's not any heavier than any of the other `` normal '' belts I have -LRB- although it is more expensive -RRB- . As one other reviewer mentioned it is also `` oranger '' than it appears to be on the website . Sizing also appears to be smaller than normal . It 's not awful , but not what I needed , so back it goes .
 I ordered a pair of xs bdu pants for my son for Christmas . When they arrived I noticed they were too small . I called the number on the invoice and a very nice lady told me to return the pants and they would exchange them for a larger size . I did this and then never received the larger pants , its been nearly a month . They wont respond to my email . I am not sure what to do now other than write this review and hope I get someones attention . I dont have the original invoice so I dont have a phone # to call.S . Poe
 This product works just like it says , except for the fact that the double tent cot is made for two small people -LRB- NOT ONE BIG PERSON -RRB- ! When you open it up , you quickly find out that there 's a metal support bar that runs down the centaer of this tent , preventing anyone from sleeping in the middle -LRB- i.e. , you have to sleep on the left or right side of this tent -RRB- . If you are large -LRB- i.e. , over say 250lbs , that 's beeing nice , really you 'd have to be pretty small to sleep on one half of this thing -RRB- this tent will not work for you . I ended up getting their `` oversized '' version instead and that works very well . I would n't normally give this tent such a bad rating , but big folks should know about the ridiculous metal bar that basically cuts the tent into two useless halves .
 A tent that is not waterproof , what do you do if it , uh , rains . Missing parts in another review . Delight ? wow ? great company ? Not exactly factual terms . Also be warned if using the Cabela 's website -- Cabela 's picks and chooses the reviews you see , that is , the reviews there are biased .
 I have had this item for about 3 years and used it a total of 6 times . It is very heavy and bulky but since I did n't need to pack it very far I was OK with that . The central bar down the middle is a downer if you thought getting the double size would give you more room . The set up is pretty easy except that the bottom legs keep trying to fold up as you unpack it . After 4 uses the plastic parts that hold the tent to the frame have broken . Now all four corners are broken . There is no way to get it fixed and the manufacturer did not return my calls . Cabelas also does not offer any spare parts or service for it . Bottom line it costs $ 300 and when something breaks you have to throw it away .
 This is a nice looking gentlemans knife . People like the look and feel when they see it . But in terms of functionality , after just a couple of days i can tell its going to be an annoying knife to use . It 's too small not to have a flipper on the back . The angle is weird to open the blade , especially if you have anything but small hands . Also , the clip should be a low rider since the knife is so small . It feels really top heavy in the pocket . Not to mention the clip is so tight it makes it near impossible to quickly or easily clip it back on your pocket . Finally , the thumb stud sticks out really far , so it adds to the difficulty of cliiping it in pocket and also makes it weird to use as a money clip since the stud scrapes against your credit card as you slide it on.Pros : Nice look to itBlade quality and grind is really nicecool snap to the blade when openedfeels good in the hand for such a small and unassuming knifeCons : Way too tough to open , hurts my thumb over the course of the daypocket clip is too tight and does n't have enough of an up-curve to easily slide it onto my pants pocketRides pretty high in the pocket for such a small knife , and if the clip was n't so tight i would worry about it flipping out of my pocket.Stud sticks out too far to make this a really nice money clip knife.I really wanted to love this knife . But overall its not easy to use or quickly deployable . I wish I would have read a review that outlined these items completely . I think overall that the twitch or twitch 2 would have made more sense for me . My biggest problem is that i have long fingers and it just does n't make it easy . Some of my friends with smaller or fatter fingers had an easier time with it .
 Based upon my experience with the Blink , I ordered a Twitch when I thought I lost my Blink , then I found my Blink the day my Twitch arrived . For my tastes and needs , I 'm glad I ordered the Twitch , because the Blink , I think , has just too small a blade ... at 55 mm or 2 3/16 th inches , its stubby length just does n't . . cut ... it . The extra 1/2 inch length of the Twitch 's blade , and it 's narrower profile allows it to slice cheese , bread , fruit , steak , rope , and perform general tasks more effectively . Its extra weight of about 1/2 ounce is worth it , to me . In my medium large hand it handles better , and the secondary opening blade `` kick '' provides a nice finger guard.So , the Blink is too short , too wide , therefore clumsy in hand and use . Twitch it is , for me.Both are beautifully constructed , the bead-blasted aluminum handle actually has some positive tactile `` traction '' for even calloused fingers .
 I had a SOG Twitch I and lost it . Since I did n't remember the model number , I bought this as a replacement . The knife is larger , but the blade is n't really size appropriate for the handle . In the end , I returned it for a Twitch I.Anyway , there are lots of small folding knives out there , and I 'm happy with my other SOG knife . This one just did n't do it for me . Others may feel differently though , and that 's OK!Matt
 I find the SOG knives to be clumsy , awkward , slow access . Check out Buck , made in USA products . True one hand operation . With fore finger , flip the lock safety back , flip the `` trigger '' , voila , eyes closed , blade is out and ready . SOG , meanwhile , the slide thing has to be moved to the `` red '' ready access , then maybe with one hand after much practice , you may have a blade out . For a reliable switch blade alternative , in my opinion , the Buck is the only choice . And the Buck is razor sharp and seems to retain edge . My SOG knives are good letter openers , edge seems reliable , and are fun to play with . But not a `` carry '' unit if quick access is a consideration .
 This is the worst tip up light ever built . It fell apart the first time I turned it on . I am completely disgusted with it and the quality of the product . Friction is the only thing holding the switch together , no screws or even glue ! 0 stars !
 I ordered a pair of xs bdu pants for my son for Christmas . When they arrived I noticed they were too small . I called the number on the invoice and a very nice lady told me to return the pants and they would exchange them for a larger size . I did this and then never received the larger pants , its been nearly a month . They wont respond to my email . I am not sure what to do now other than write this review and hope I get someones attention . I dont have the original invoice so I dont have a phone # to call.S . Poe
 Claims to be a `` Michigan St. Spartans '' helmet and shows a picture of a Michigan Wolverines helmet . If this is truly sold by Riddell , they need to learn something about the teams that make products for .
 I ordered a pair of xs bdu pants for my son for Christmas . When they arrived I noticed they were too small . I called the number on the invoice and a very nice lady told me to return the pants and they would exchange them for a larger size . I did this and then never received the larger pants , its been nearly a month . They wont respond to my email . I am not sure what to do now other than write this review and hope I get someones attention . I dont have the original invoice so I dont have a phone # to call.S . Poe
 The knife is about what I expected for about $ 9.50 , so no problem there . However , the sheath is non-functional as a `` arm & leg sheath '' . I 'm no bodybuilder , but the straps are too short to go around my bare calf , let alone my thigh or bicep . So , with shipping , a waste of about $ 20 .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 The case was way too narrow for a single stack Sig 40SW mag . I made it work after a trip to Ace Hardware , a few longer screws and some nylon spacers -- a little funky but it works now . Very durable construction , holds well on a good belt .
 I ordered a pair of xs bdu pants for my son for Christmas . When they arrived I noticed they were too small . I called the number on the invoice and a very nice lady told me to return the pants and they would exchange them for a larger size . I did this and then never received the larger pants , its been nearly a month . They wont respond to my email . I am not sure what to do now other than write this review and hope I get someones attention . I dont have the original invoice so I dont have a phone # to call.S . Poe
 While I was serving in Iraq I had purchased a Coleman air mattress and it did wonders for the whole year that I was there . Once I returned I purchased another Coleman but in a bigger size for the guest room in my apartment which also did wonders . I am staioned in Germany and often travel to the states to visit my family and decided to puchase this Intex air mattress as something I could sleep on for whenever I 'm there visiting . BIG MISTAKE !!! The first night I slept on it there were n't any problems , but from the next night on , the mattress could not hold air in so by the time I woke up in the morning I was sinking into the mattress . This also caused soreness because of the sinking bed as well as an uncomfortable nights sleep ! Atleast now I know to stick with my Colemans !
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 Case did not have pouches out the outside as shown in pictures ... It 's still a nice soft case , but not the same as the pictures describe .
 Not sure what the rest of the people reviewing were thinking when they said this fits an ak47 . Mine is squeezed in like a sardine . It does not `` fit '' it bulges out the sides and you have to wedge it in . This would work if you have a folding stock but not a normal butt stock . Oh , and forget about fitting a 30 round clip in the clip holder correctly ... it will fit but the flap is too short to cover it and the velcro will not stretch to close it . I would be ok with it if the clip holder was designed better ... but all and all for a stock ak47 this will not fit and it will not fit 30 rd clips ... not sure if the longer cases have different clip holders but i doubt it .
 I ordered the 32 inch model and it it not tapeded down on one side . It is just a rectangle shaped case . The case is good but not what is pictured next to it . Also no pockets on the side
 The gun case that I received was NOT the advertised size 36 `` L x 13 `` H . The size that I received was 36 `` L x 10 `` H.
 I received a case that had one small zippered pocket on the side instead of the five magazine pockets that are pictured . The case would have been great if the magazine pockets were there instead of the zippered one . It fit my SW MP15MOE perfectly.I returned the item since the zippered pocket is useless .
 I was looking for a gun case to hold my AR-15 . I work in law enforcement , so I wanted something functional and budget minded . I am not that rough on it at all . It goes from my car to the trunk of my squad car . It lasted not even two months and one of the magazine pouches came apart at the bottom seam and my magazine fell to the floor . I looked at the other magazine pouches and they are wearing also and ready to give way . It is cheaply made , but I guess what do you expect for 24 bucks . If you are going to use this product a lot , I suggest looking somewhere else . I need original packaging to send back , which I do n't have . Will attempt to contact seller . If no luck with seller , consider this consumer not buying anything from this company again . Even for 24 bucks it should last longer than 2 months .
 Metal hook on the strap broke and the zipper ` stretched ' at the pointed end of the case . There 's no reason for the metal hook to break except it 's cheap metal from China . I can sort of see why the zipper broke , there is almost no clearance between my rifle and the case . Manufacture recommends the case length to be at least 2 inches longer than the rifle , however , I believe it should be 3 inches of clearance to be safe . There 's lots of stress on the zipper at the end corner due to the tight fit , so the teeth are mangled but functional . Lesson learned , make sure to have at least 3 inches of clearance.I can still use this case . I never really planned on using the strap because it turns the rifle upside down -LRB- scope on bottom -RRB- and I was concerned about damaging the scope when placing the case on the ground.The price is right , however , I would recommend passing on this product .
 Bought to hold standard ar-15 . Bag zipper broke after 3 months . The carry strap also came unsewn . Save your money and buy one that is made withquality .
 the other day before receiving this today my friend sold me his new gun bag that he got al walmart for 26 bucks and is bigger better made and thicker padding then this one so i will be using that instead
 The gun case advertised had 4 pockets to store your clips/magazines in . When I received this one it did n't have any.I 'm surprised that anyone does this especially Amazon who has stellar customer service . Some of the other reviews said the same thing , so obviously there 's something going on .
 I was looking for a reliable case to carry my AR in . After reading reviews after reviews , i concluded this bag was the best bang for the buck . Although , my AR -LRB- rock river arms lar-15 -RRB- fits nicely inside , it seems like the bag was not thick enough . I noticed last week that the butt side of the bag has a large rip on the seam , where the zipper has torn apart from the fabric . I 'm not thrilled about it , because now i assume this product was so cheap because it was cheaply made . I 'll probably have to end up buying some blackhawk $ 100 bag now . Hooray
 I received the case -LRB- item # gun-66 , 36 '' -RRB- within a week which is pretty good for shipping it to Hawaii . The case is completely different from the item that they advertise . Instead of individual magazine pockets on the exterior there is one zippered pocket . I specifically ordered this case for the individual pockets , not for one pocket that can hold maybe 3-4 mags . Everything that I have ordered from or through Amazon , I have been happy with up to this point . I ca n't say how good or bad the case is since I just received it but , I 'm not happy about the misleading advertising . I hope I 'm the only one that got screwed .
 The 36 '' case looks nothing like the one pictured . It 's shorter in height , and does n't include the magazine pouches . This was n't made for an AR , as pictured , either . I would suggest not buying these if you 're looking for a case for your AR15 . My basic 16 '' barrel basic carry handle AR with no accessories barely fits . My 16 '' barrel flat top AR with an Eotech and Magpul stubby VFG wo n't fit , even with the stock collapsed completely . Lame.I feel a bit cheated here as the picture shows an entirely different bag with an AR15 in it . Thumbs down !
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 The harness sets too high on my head , should slide down further but the design keeps it up close to sliding off the top of your head . I used another at physical therapy that I ordered next . Should have ordered it in the first place
 I 've been sleeping on air mattresses for 15 years due to a bad back . Been buying Intex and Coleman , and each brand generally lasts for 6-9 months , and then a seam fails , and you buy another mattress . I only mention this to offer that I really know what air mattresses should smell like.The one I received today from Amazon is absolutely the most toxic-smelling product I 've ever had the misfortune to purchase . It does n't smell like vinyl or plastic - it smells like some sort of insecticide or industrial chemical to me . The fact that the odor comes off on your hands makes it even worse , as it suggests to me something on the plastic , and not the plastic itself.I will give it one day to air out - but if it smells this bad tomorrow , it is going back to Amazon .
 I noticed a horrible scent when I took these mattresses out of the box -LRB- I bought two . -RRB- I had company so I blew them up , thinking they would air out . They stunk up my whole house . I tried putting them outside but that did n't help either . I had read a few reviews complaining of the smell , but I assumed it was just new plastic . . I am afraid to use them again . I am returning them both . Please beware of the smell !
 I bought this mattress based on the great reviews it had received . Now that it 's been in the house for a few days I 'd like to give it my own review.It is a big fail.The built-in foot pump is a great idea but would work a lot better if it stayed ` up ' . Instead it is crooked and your foot always slides off just so when pumping . It is definitely not fully pumped in two minutes , either.At the end of the night , there is definitely less air in it , and yes , I did shut all the valves and openings.The thing that bothers me the most , however , is the abominable SMELL . It stinks ! You can smell the cheap plastic -LRB- made in China , go figure -RRB- and it smells up your entire room , covers and pillow , the clothes you sleep in , you get the idea . It is pretty nasty . I do n't want to stuff it back into the box because then the smell wo n't get any better either but any room I put it in to air out smells terrible after just ten minutes.If I could give zero stars , I would . I am very , very disappointed in this product and would not buy it again .
 I made 2 mistakes when I bought this item . First , I went for the least expensive air mattress I could find . My second mistake was not using it until the deadline for returning it to Amazon expired . My 90 pound -LRB- 12 year-old -RRB- son slept on it one time . In the morning it was flat . It 's never been able to hold air since . Lessons learned ; 1 . Do n't buy cheap , 2 . Do n't wait too long to try the item !!!
 I bought this mattress since it seemed a good quality product for the price . Although the mattress is very sturdy and well constructed , it has an horrible toxic smell that makes it unusable , which is a real pity , but the smell is so strong and very unhealthy . You can not stay 5 minutes near it , let alone sleep on it , particuarly if you plan to use it inside . I tried leaving it out to get air to see if the smell would go away but it did not . I ended up buying a different one from Coleman . I do not recommend buying this product .
 I could not use the bed because of the offensive smell . I put it outside in the fresh air and sunshine for several days but the smell remained . I could not use it at all .
 This mattress was great for the first four hours . Then my back would touch the floor and I would be wide awake . Kinda of like a gradual alarm clock , but set about four hours too early . Pay more and get an air mattress that works !
 I have had an awful time finding a comfortable and inexpensive twin bed . The Big-S makers -LRB- Serta , Sealy , and Simmons -RRB- , are apparently incapable or unwilling to make a decent bed at an affordable price . Most low end mattresses are rock-hard and overpriced even at that . I have n't given up hope of finding a truly comfortable bed at a decent price but it 's not easy . Meanwhile , I have found twin sized air-mattresses to be extremely comfortable and very reasonably priced as a short term solution.The problem is durability . They last a few months and that 's it . They are not possible to repair in my own experience . My first mattress was made by an outfit called spelled Wetzel , I believe . Amazon stopped carrying the twin size and I was forced to go with a full size mattress even though it takes up more room than I 'd like . For this reason , I bought the Intex Downy Twin mattress . A total waste of my money . I kept it in it 's suitcase like box until I felt that my existing mattress should go . When I unpacked the Intex mattress I discovered a one-sheet pamphlet passed off as a so-called set of instructions . The pamphlet drawings and text were useless . But , the worst part was that the integral pump failed completely . I pumped , and pumped . Two strait hours . Nothing . Further , the manual inflation port is deeply recessed and can not be reached by mouth , so even the laborious process of lung inflation was not an option.Once unpacked from their tight shipping box , these mattresses can not be realistically re-packed for a return . So if you buy such a mattress it 's caveat emptor -LRB- Sorry , `` let the buyer beware '' -RRB- . I realize that I may have simply gotten a lemon but I had complete success with three Wetzel mattresses and total failure with my one and only Intex model . One things sure , I will have nothing to do with this company again . Others have made positive reviews so maybe I 'm one of the unlucky few , but I will not recommend this product to anyone . Sorry .
 How embarrassing ! Did not hold air for more than 20 minutes . But I was smart this time and bought two , luckily the other one was a Coleman not an Intex . BUT the coleman did not come with an air pump . So had to make a trip to the gas station at midnight to fill it up.Stick with the Coleman . I have had nothing but headaches with Intex brand .
 Did n't last very long and I was actually disapointed . Could n't find the leak and it kept deflatting . Even tried taping it up and did n't work .
 I just got this airbed and tried filling it up with the foot pump that is built inside the airbed.The foot pump sucks since it takes forever to inflate so I just grabbed my electric pump and inflated it in a minute.Once it is inflated , there is a large hollow spot right where the foot pump is since it does n't inflate above the foot pump.If you want a twin airbed , Intex makes the same thing with a battery powered pump for almost the same price when on sale . Sometimes , it is even cheaper than this one was . Plus , having the battery powered pump will allow you to inflate other air products since it has 3 different size valves for it : http://www.amazon.com/Intex-Prestige-Downy-Twin-Airbed/dp/B000HBIL7G/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid;=1328641525&sr;=8-3
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 They were still a little too large for our boat , my husband needs to shave the holes on the boat to make them fit . It should not take to much effort but it would have been nice if they just slipped right in . I think they will be fine .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 The color was deceiving . We had to buy another pair of socks . The quality of the socks were fine , just the color .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received it as a gift for purchasing an Invicta watch , as a gift it is OK . I do not think it is worth $ 45.00 . You can get same quality for $ 5.00
 What can I say ? It 's an umbrella . It 's great for free , but I would n't actually pay money for it .
 It works , but why pay $ 45 to give free advertising to a sub-standard watch company who gets all their parts from the lowest bidders ?? BL
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 Some people say it goes far , but I got a monster truck that goes 40 miles per hour , and can go a couple thousand feet in range , this thing goes like 100 feet , maybe !!!
 The truck was maybe 100 ft a way and i could still see it and the truck stopped moving . I have a Traxxas E-max and my truck can go 5 time as far as ths sucky truck . I would not reccomend this truck to anyone ! so your only wasting your money f you buy this truck .
 The Rocket Rings are designed to fit both 110 & 130 BCD cranks . The crank shipped to me will not work with my -LRB- standard -RRB- 130 BCD road cranks . Although the holes are in the right place , the machining of the chainring does not allow them to fit .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I got this rack bag to replace another I had which had gotten holes in it after years of use . My previous bag had thick horizontal straps which held the bag securely to my rack , but this bag just had two skinny little vertical straps which did n't hold the bag to my rack without use of a bungy cord -LRB- not provided -RRB- . I sent this product back but the seller stiffed me on a refund . Though I had just used it once , they would only give me half of what I paid for it . I found another bag I had around the house -LRB- not a rack bag -RRB- that I now put on my rack using bungy cords . If I have to use bungy cords to hold a bag on , I rather have a larger bag than this one which was supposedly made for bike racks .
 I was very careful when I used this mattress . On the 4 opportunity to use it , It went flat . Where the plastic is welded for the internal baffles , it separated and left a hole , 1/16th of an inch . The leak in the second mattress was undetectable . Research at the Intex site , proved it has a very weak warranty policy . We bought a different brand this time .
 I bought this airbed and it went flat a few weeks after . Luckily customer service sent another one to me !! But not only it was not double but it also went flat soon after ! It could have been a great product if it was n't going flat all the time !
 For the price I should 've known better . These chips are some kind of composite , and do not remotely look or feel like the real deal.From the description : ` We offer the best 500 Pc Clay Poker Chip Set on the net ! '' Heaviest authentic clay poker chips on the market '' Each chip has a full color image PVC sticker that heat transferred onto it , that makes its impossible to peel off . ` They look and feel like plastic.Two of my chips had their ` impossible to peel off ' stickers absent , makingthese already cheap looking chips look utterly pathetic.The foam lining of the case smells so downright toxic , that even from 4 feet away I was gagging . I 've thought about sitting the set outside for awhile to dissipate the chemical fumes.Both sets of cards that came with the set had holes in some of the cards , and also had inconsistancies with the plastic or paint that essentially marked them , making the cards useless.Other than the aforementioned probs , the case seems sturdy and can be locked.GadgetBestBuy -LRB- the seller -RRB- should be ashamed to misrepresent a product so blatantly .
 We just took this cooler on a three day camping trip on Memorial da weekend . I packed the cooler with ice from our fridge and by the morning we needed to get more ice . So we filled it with two bags of ice from the store and by that evening we needed to add another two bags of ice to it . The top of the cooler is kind of flat so you ca n't have anything sticking over the top of the cooler or when you go to close it the lid will pop off . This cooler is good for a backyard bbq to keep drinks cold but that 's about it . It 's not a good cooler to keep things cold for a couple days .
 these darts are painted with lead paint says to wash hands after use . whats up with that ?!!!
 We bought this treadmill a month ago based on the good review in CR . When it arrived the shipper would not bring it past the threshold . I had to wait a week until I could get a friend to help me bring it down to the basement . Then all the problems started . The unit is not well designed for do-it-yourself set up . First , the package was a bit beat up when it arrived . Then the strap came off during the unpackaging , and this is a real nuisance , since you ca n't go forward with the assembly until you get the spring under control . Then after about an hour of horsing around to assemble it , I realized that one of the bars that attaches to the side-arm did not line up . It took three weeks and several calls before someone come by to install the replacement part . The guys took the treadmill apart and after ~ 2 hours concluded that it was not fixable . Now we have to try to arrange for a replacement . What a waste of our time -- and this is with a $ 900 item . The treadmill may in fact be a good product , but Horizon needs to fix their quality control , especially for something in this price range .
 I bought a Horizon CST3 .5 Treadmill in 2006 . Now it 's broken . Horizon Fitness contracted his customer support to another company . That company charged me $ 99 upfront just for someone coming to my house to look at it . Then the guy who should come gave such hard time to make an appointment . He almost want to come to my house next year . I spent more than half hour for just set up an appointment with him . My money is already gone . Otherwise , I would rather to buy a new one instead of suffering from this guy . Do n't ever buy from this company again . Next could be you !
 The motor went out after 6 years . My model was actually the cst 3 club series model , but since you only get infinate hold when you call in it does n't really matter what model it is ... I have tried 3 times , each ended when I hung up after waiting on hold for over 45 minutes EACH times . I did love the treadmill . . But will NOT buy this brand again . Check into the issue before purchasing ...
 the knife is great , but unless you have chicken legs , the sheath will be too small . i 'm not a big girl , tall , but not big . and the straps for the sheath are way too small for my legs . you 'll need to buy a new sheath if you want to wear it regularly .
 I ordered this banner about a year ago , was notified that they were out of stock , yet I was still charged for the full price of the banner . Hope you do n't get turned over like I did .
 I 've had this product for such a short period of time and it has already shredded ! . I would not recommend this product to anyone ! I could not return this product because I used it . I feel it 's a defective product .
 The rubber tube is easily untouched from the fixture when you pull . This is because the ball inside both ends of the rubber tube is squeezed out of the tube .
 The product is way to big for the average adult head . I have a 7 1/4 - 7 1/2 size head . The Knit cap was way too big . It really looks funny . I never wear it because it looks silly . This is for the adult size . It seems others are happy with the youth . Unless you have a HUGE Mellon I would not suggest this purchase
 Got mauled by a bear back in ' 10 , I maced the bear with this product and needless to say it did n't work . . All it did was enrage the bear beyond belief . Now I 'm unemployed and have to type with my mouth .
 I purchased this knife , and this thing broke after the first use . It not only broke , but shattered . I would say not to even waste your time with this product .
 Never had a plastic knife before so said what the heck and bought it . Not exactly something I would expect to use in a SD scenario , perhaps as a last resort . One good stab is all you can expect , if your lucky two . Then say goodbye to the tip of it , cuz it will break off !
 I 've bought one of these before not knowing it was cheap plastic , and just disappointed even when i tried to make good from it but the cheap plastic blended easily and the tip was smashed . my advice find a steal push knife if you want a usable defenseive knife and not one that i guess could be use to practice .
 This product is made of plastic . It is more like a child 's toy than a `` cold steel push blade . ''
 I have n't actually used the bed yet because it did n't come with a pump ! Imagine my disappointment when I got ready to put it together at my friends house and could n't . Also , it is very heavy to carry around since there are two mattresses and it come in a cardboard box . Not even a bag to carry around and the box wo n't hold up for long . I would was n't my time and just by a more expensive and more complete mattress set .
 It either came with holes or is easy to get holes . Did not ever hold air overnite .
 The forward strap is at least an inch too short to fit on my Stoeger Double Defender . And , no the shotgun does not have an exceptionally large stock .
 This mat is TERRIBLE . I 've only had it for a little over a month and it 's already falling apart . Chunks of the mat are coming off and sticking to me during yoga . Do not waste your money on this .
 I read all of the reviews for this product and was really excited to get a mat so I could stop using loaners and then it came and yes it smelled bad and I did n't really care but then I went to use it and it is ridiculously slippery . Someone mentioned that it was slightly slippery but in comparison to the loaner -LRB- maybe that was just a really good mat ? -RRB- this was horrible . I could hardly stay in downward dog because my hands and feet kept slipping . So yes it 's comfortable but who cares if you ca n't stay on it ?
 I tried using this mat once , and the smell was overpowering ... chemical rubbery smell . I have since aired it outside for several days , scrubbed it with warm soapy water and hosed it off . It still has a strong smell . I do n't know if I 'll ever be able to use it . . My other yoga mat did not smell at all ...
 What a waste ! This mat has a slippery residue . . perhaps it can be wiped off . I found it impossible not to slide backwards as I was doing the Warrior poses . Save your $ 12 and get a different mat .
 Cause that is exactly what happened to me on the first day out on Downward Facing Dog . OK for standing poses , but disconcerting on a key pose .
 The only positive thing about this yoga mat would be that its is long.It is fine for the price . But if you have an option I would not recommend buying this.Drawbacks
 I purchased this mat so i could stop renting from the yoga studio I go to . Unfortunately , the mat did not even last 5 minutes of class . I was slipping all over it like a slip n slide . Now I 'm looking for a mat that has more grip , and perhaps has a higher pricetag .
 Ordeted the 1/4 '' thick mat in teal , they sent me an 1/8 '' thick in blue . I contacted them and they told me it would be fixed and would send a new one . It 's been over 3 weeks , I 've emailed the seller with no more responses . Very disappointed . However , the 1/8th thick mat is nice , it was not what I wanted .
 I ordered the soft pink color and received a hot pink , almost fushia , mat . This hot pink is not very calming or restful . The mat is nice and thick so it does makes yoga more comfortable . I would recommend this mat based on the thickness alone ... as long as you are not picky about the color you receive .
 They said that this mat weighs 4 lbs but the shipping weight is 3.5 . How is that possible ?
 I had been using $ 1.00 refillables for a few years , but decided to upgrade to this Zippo , thinking that the heavy duty construction would ultimately reduce my environmental impact -LRB- it comes with a lifetime warranty is states boldly on the package ! -RRB- . Since I use lighters in various places , I bought three of them , for $ 35.00 ! I figured , $ 35.00 is well spent if they will last me a long time and I wo n't have to produce as much garbage.However , these lighters are very poor quality . All three of mine were operating poorly in less than a year , and within 18 months , two are now garbage , and the third lights about one of every 10 attempts . I 'm an engineer , and I took my broken one apart to see how it is made . It is no different from the cheap cigarette lighters you can buy for 3.99 at a local smoke shop . Same basic technology.Why worry you ask ? Just take 'em back under warranty right ? Problem is , Zippo wants $ 5.00 in shipping and handling fees to accept the return , and by the time you 've paid your own shipping -LRB- plus insurance and tracking as Zippo suggests -RRB- , your almost in for the cost of a new lighter . It seems Zippo has it worked out pretty well for themselves.I am incensed that I shelled out $ 35.00 for this terrible product , and have ended up making more garbage than I would have with my cheapo $ 1.00 models , which used to last me about two years each . In my opinion Zippo 's warranty is a come-on , and I fell for it hook line and sinker . It is one thing to make a lousy product , it is another to hook people in with what amounts to being a useless warranty.I recommend you look elsewhere , unless you do n't mind shelling out all that money for what amounts to a disposable lighter . A lot of the favorable reviews are from people who just bought them , or liked the way they look . I 'd prefer to have a lighter that works well , over one that looks good .
 Would rate less than 1 if I could . SSSSOOOOO annoyed at having purchased this absolute piece of garbage . Rarely lights , have filled multiple times thinking it was empty but it 's simply an expensive poor quality lighter . Save yourself money and grief and look elsewhere - anywhere else . Companies should be jailed for making such rubbish just wish I had checked reviews before purchasing .
 Why , oh why do we need a childproofed utility lighter ? It is so frustrating . I am an adult who just wants a reliable lighter mainly to light candles so I do n't have to breathe noxious match fumes which I am allergic to . So why does Zippo want to punish me by making a lighter that requires me to use two hands to operate it because the child-proof feature is awkward , difficult , & not ergonomic ? Regular lighters do n't have this dumb feature . If you 're going to `` child-proof '' everything , then do it within the bounds of good design & functionality - which this lighter does n't . I subtracted 3 stars due to this . The 2 stars are because I like that it is refillable -LRB- it 's so difficult to find a longer utility lighter for home use that is refillable & not disposable so it does n't end up in the landfill -RRB- .
 It would be nice if the thing would light everytime I slide the button , rather than having to do it over and over . It only lights about every 3-4 times I slide the button . And also , the warning label is practically super glued to the thing . I do n't want some ugly label taking up an entire side of the thing .
 I expected more from Zippo . The design of this lighter is weak.I imagine most people throw them away in disgust rather than returning to the manufacturer . I also must question the source of any 5 star review.All the Butane Zippo products I have used suffer the same problems : * Tiny fuel tank for a giant-sized device . * Weak and ineffective electronic ignition . * Over-engineered child-proof mechanism that is adult-proof as well.I would return it to the manufacturer , but they would need to completelyre-design and manufacture an entirely new product to make me a happy customer and restore the damage that this lighter has done to the entire Zippo brand .
 From Zippo brand and the retail price one would expect some level of quality . Not so with the Zippo `` Multi-Purpose '' MPL Lighter , not so.I bought it for the cool looks and for known brand name . I 've gone thru two of them in a short time -LRB- less than a year -RRB- with less than moderate usage -LRB- 6 times per week -RRB- . Pros
 I really do n't want to keep buying and throwing away cheap plastic lighters . So I was willing to spend more to buy something more substantial and long lasting.This worked 3xs and then died . By the time I attempted the fourth and fifth and sixth and so on ... the return date had passed . -LRB- BTW its full of butane -RRB- Very very poor product .
 I 've had one of these for many years until the tank sprung a leak . I ordered another from Chelsea Watch which did n't work . I sent it back and got a refund for the initial purchase price . The return shipping , however , was on me . They should have sent me another that worked but instead I 'm out $ 6.65 and still have no lighter . I do n't think I 'll try my luck again !
 MP5 Airsoft did not work when it was charged right out of the box and Airsplat customer service seems to hide behind an e-mail system with no live telephone support -LSB- I tried for several days during their stated Pacific time of operations and only got a message saying to e-mail concerns because they are closed -RSB- . Not impressed with a company that claims to be so large . They claim returns must be made within 3 days of receipt and the return authorization must be done online . There is no way we can get a return authorization number since we did n't order directly through the company but through Amazon .
 I 've had this gun for a couple months it was shooting fine and hurt real bad when you got shot . But then it just stopped working the gearbox made a loud grinding noise and it would n't shoot . Also when I first got the gun Air Splat had to send me a new battery because the one it came with would n't work .
 i got this gun and charged the battery . I tried shooting it and was AWSEOME ! but the about a week later i wouldnt fire and made abuzzing sound when i pulled the trigger and sounded like a chainsaw . came in 2 weeks for me . -LRB- i live in germany -RRB- i hope that cymas ak74 is good because im getting it soon .
 I bought this gun from a store in Kansas City called Jungle Toys . The guns does NOT retail for $ 200 . It retails for $ 60 . The gun seemed nice in the store but when you go out and shoot it , it sucks . No distance and no velocity . Even better than that , the gun broke in under a week . Yes , broke . Right on the fire selector .
 this the mother of 13 yr old who bought this gun from this crooked dealer.I spentt weeks emailing these folks trying to get it returned , they promised a new gun that would work . Package arrrives and it is the sam da -- broken gun . I give up and I write a negative review.They call my child and tell him if he deletes the review they will send a new gun . So he does . This is my new email which my child hasbeen instructed not to delete . This is awful , these folks are crooks , my next stop is the FTC.PS when you crooks read this , do not dare to call my son .
 I have seen other catchers using this helmet and mask set-up with success . However , for us , on first attempted use , the snap for the top strap broke . Not impressed with the quality , nor with the foam used behind the ears , which come in direct contact with player 's skin instead of having a wicking fabric cover . Seller is providing replacement strap at no charge , after which we will see !
 This is just another gimmick item . It is one of those things you use a couple of times and then wonder why you bought it . I could n't tell that it was working as stated . You are better off just doing crunches in my opinion .
 If you are even thinking of getting this gun , dont . You may see that it suppossedly was $ 100 , but it isnt worth the $ 12 u pay for it . Really , this gun sucks ! Half the stuff that came with it was broken , and there wasnt enough batteries for the excessories that it came with either . When I first saw it , I though `` wow , that is a really good deal . '' now , i regret even buying it . It is a faulty piece of junk that cant event shoot straight . They want you to think that it is an awsome deal for a great gun , but trust me , IT IS NOT !!!!!!
 This gun was okay at first . When I first looked at the box I noticed that lots of words where spelled wrong . When I opened the box I noticed that the sight and laser were n't in there . Also the directions were n't for the gun . It also was n't weighted . It was really good at first . After a day of use it broke . Also I ca n't get any money back from the purchase because of how much it costs to ship . Do n't buy it .
 Built cheap , shoots poorly . Works good as a prop for my videos but that 's it .
 i got this gun and it seemed good at first but then the pump broke and i started to cry . i cryed for like an hour and i was really sad because my dog really liked it as a chew toy . he still has the barell in his bed . ive also heard that this gun is really good at being a towel or toilet paper rack . one of my friends had a lot of fun beating it on the ground too . the gun might seem good , but its not . do not waist your money , buy a gun that has 4 or 5 star reviews .
 AWFUL , an id meen awful . Dosent look anything like the pictures , cheap . Came with broken pieces and the ones that were broken were within 10 minutes . The caulking mechinism actually fell off while I was shooting . Horriable . They have all this stuff that you need to put on and they dont even tell you how to put em on.The best part of this thing was the screwdriver
 200 fps !!!!! wtf thats nothing there are better guns out there for cheap prices too , like the m14 , cost 40 dollars , 400fps , and the m16 with grenade launcher , full and semi auto machine gun , shoots at 320fps , cost 50 dollarsand if you dont like those just save your money for a tokeyo maurie great great guns ! only like 250 bucks for a pretty good gun
 I ordered this gas mask for my husband , who wanted to use it for a costume . It arrived with both eyes shattered . I am currently dealing with Allergy-Be-Gone to see if I can get my money back , but this seems to be a consistent problem . They are not packaged properly when shipped , just put in a box and mailed . I had terrible customer service and did n't get any response until I left negative feedback . Just be aware , the product is decent but might arrive damaged , and dealing with Allergy-Be-Gone is a pain .
 well the mask is pretty sweet but the mask came with a cracked lens , a broken strap , and the eye wholes leak . I did not send it back because I was not planning on using it for actual protection from toxic gases , but for show . I also did not want to wait another 2 weeks for it . The shipping was 8 bucks and the mask did not come for about 2 weeks . This was very annoying to wait on . In all the mask was way to expensive for the quality It had .
 Delivered to me today were two Belgian gas masks with broken lenses . I was informed that they can not be returned.The masks and the cartridges looked defective and previously used . I can not help concluding that the dealer `` Allergy be Gone '' is not selling these to use for protection.Whoever used these in an emergency will not know any better because he/she will be dead .
 I ordered these pants to replace an old pair of Danskin yoga pants that I absolutely love , which were apparently discontinued . From the website photos and description , this appeared to be the same style . However , where the old pants has a soft but snugly fitted waistband , and more of a drape , these have a thick , wide and firm waistband that is uncomfortable -LRB- not tight but just ungiving -RRB- and is already starting to ` bend ' slightly . In fact , I was thinking of returning them .
 on the product page it says 100 not 1 on the bill page it says ea very confusing not worth 5.00 very disappointed in amazon for this should have known to good to be true
 Nice design , nice idea , but ... in this day of conscientious health research -LRB- and Nalgene ! -RRB- why would a company supply athletic , health-conscious people with a container that offgases plastic stank into the water ? -LRB- You should know , this problem is noted in complaints and home remedies all over the web -RRB- . I 'm out doing something healthy and you want me to drink plastic fumes ? See any problem with this picture ? This is an abdication of common sense & duty . Why make it your customers responsibility to address such a fundamental , nasty problem ? If Camlebak feels this is a legitimate burden to pass on , why not acknolwedge the problem front and center on all your maketing materials ? `` Now with nastier tasting water !! '' See how well that sells ; because I consider it negligent , or at least bargaining in bad faith . It even says on the label `` taste free liner , -LRB- and delivery tube -RRB- . `` This is called lying.The entire point of this product is to drink more frequently . The result of their dumb material choice is that you ca n't bear to take another drink of this crappy water , and you hydrate less than you should . Camelbak should be nominated for a Darwin award.Beyond that , the orchestration of product and information is extremely poor . You can overcome the off-gassing -LRB- some say -RRB- with a solution found on the web , but why is n't it on the damn label ? Hand-cleaning it is not as easy as one would hope . The label refers you to cleaning tablets that are n't included and ca n't be found . ... and a cleaning brush that it does n't come with . How do you get into the tube to clean it ? It comes with a few too many design gee-gaws and too few explanations ; it makes you bewildered . Why does the flap blow up in the wind and hit me in the head ? Why is there an eyelet on the flap , and what -LRB- ! -RRB- does it secure to ? How does the tube most usefully go through the two loops provided ? Instead they cover other trivialities in 5 different languages on the label . You know , I do n't really care that I can drive over the water-bladder , if I ca n't bear another sip of that atrocious water . dumb.This is basic stuff camelbak ! Get a clue . Go back to the drawing board . Do your job !!!
 Used this racquet for a few weeks & it cracked . The frame is about as thick as a few sheets of paper . Compete piece of junk . The company wo n't answer my letters .
 No WAY is this a 374.00 racquet !!! From someone who plays and knows , this item is no discounted bargain , it is valued appropriately at the `` discounted '' rate though , but thats poor form and misleading on the seller 's part PNC !
 We thought this would be great for towing all our bikes , but the way most bikes are made now for adults it doesnt fit right . You could buy extenders on another website , but they cost $ 25 each ... . and we would need 2 for each of our bikes . Both our twin girls have Barbie 16 '' bikes , and they do not fit at all on the bike rack , not even w / extenders . BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !
 We are very dissapointed with the quality of this bike rack . When we used it , it swayed from side to side so much that people passing us would make comments to us about it . We do NOT recommend purchasing this item !!!
 I was hopeful that this would work well because the price was right but I was terribly disappointed.The problem is that the post is designed to fit two different sized receivers . Unfortunately , it does n't work well on the most common size , the 4 `` x4 '' . They have this plastic shim in there that just does not work at all.There is so much play that the bikes sway back and forth with every turn . The post travels at least a foot in both directions.Because it is so loose , the small , kids bikes I had on it crashed into the back of my brand new , $ 22,000 travel trailer and dented it in two places!I am so mad about it . I guess the only thing I can do is warn other shoppers .
 We did n't feel that the bikes would ride securely on this rack , because it wobbles in our Ford Ranger 's 2x2 hitch receiver . There 's a plastic adaptor that you have to use with a 2x2 hitch . It appears to be sized a little too small.Rather than mess around with trying to `` fix '' a poorly designed product , we disassembeled the thing , put it back in the box and returned it to the store . I would n't recommend ordering it online .
 I was very excited when I found this rack for about 1/2 the price of competitors . I was very dissapointed , after having opened it , finding in the installation manual that it was not to be used on an RV or fifth wheel , due to the increased loads those vehicles generate . Do I take it back , or risk losing all my bikes to a fatigue failure ?
 There is way too much play where the rack fits into the receiver . I used the threaded pin and had others check to see if it was done properly . This thing is not usable .
 I purchased this rack a few years back and have used it a few time a week since . The rubber parts disintegrated within a year . While I could not find replacements , I did measure the rack and found that Thule replacement parts would fit . The Thule parts have lasted well . The rack has been welded once where the welds failed . Most recently , the adapter block to allow use in a 2 '' receiver has worn to the point that the rack sags considerably . I again called Bell and was told that the replacement part is not available . All that can be said is that the rack is cheap to buy but if you plan on using the rack , you should buy a brand that supports any required spare parts . I do n't expect that spare parts should be give as warranty replacement but they should be available for purchase .
 My husband and I purchased this mount hoping to make our lives easier when transporting the family 's bikes . The first time we used it -LRB- mounted two adult bikes -RRB- , we noticed swaying each time we hit a bump or turned a corner too sharply . Giving the item the benefit of the doubt , I attributed this to assembly error and not faulty manufacturing . So being the perfectionist , I disassembled the rack , combed through the assembly instructions one more time and reassembled the rack . Well this time I mounted two youth bikes and wow let the swaying begin . I think the cars on the road gave us at least three car lengths between us and them just in case we lost the bikes and the rack ! We drive a Ford Explorer , the mount fit , however it never seemed secure . I wish I had chosen the Schwinn model !
 The vendor for this item emailed that the item was not as offered , and cancelled the order , although giving me the chance in the email to take the item they had , which I declined.So bad deal , they offered what they did n't have.So good deal , they made it as right as possible.I would not hesitate to order an item from this vendor .
 The description says it all . I am now looking into purchasing another bike rack because it moves so much I 'm afraid I 'd cause a car accident . I do not recommend this product . Save your money and get a quality item .
 I have always wanted a football jersey , and this was my first . I am very disappointed in the quality of this jersey , it is very cheaply made and at the price of $ 100 it is far from worth it . I have since ordered another jersey at half the price of this one and I must say it is much nicer and will last me many years , where I feel with this one I might only get to wear it for maybe a season or two before it falls apart .
 They look nice - but I have only seen one - they shipped me a box missing the other shoe . The box even has large holes in the side and that lonely shoe was just rattling around in there - pretty obviously alone I should think.I called them at the number on the invoice , good service . But no pickup - had to head over to USPS -LRB- on Tax Day ! -RRB- and mail that poor shoe back to them . They did refund the USPS charge as well and in a reasonable period of time .
 As others have stated this item did not come with the wall mount.Please contact me directly to arrange for the shipment of the back plate .
 Just as previously stated by another reviewer , these display cases did not come with mounts . I am on the phone with Amazon now getting this fixed , however it should not have happened in the first place .
 I have always wanted a football jersey , and this was my first . I am very disappointed in the quality of this jersey , it is very cheaply made and at the price of $ 100 it is far from worth it . I have since ordered another jersey at half the price of this one and I must say it is much nicer and will last me many years , where I feel with this one I might only get to wear it for maybe a season or two before it falls apart .
 I thought I was getting the hat pictured the all navy blue M 's hat . What I recieved was the blue hat with the teal bill . They did give me a label to send it back at no charge , but just be aware .
 the packaged arrived pretty quick but the hat wasnt what i expected ... more pics of the cap would have been nice ?
 I thought I was getting the hat pictured the all navy blue M 's hat . What I recieved was the blue hat with the teal bill . They did give me a label to send it back at no charge , but just be aware .
 I 've had this for over a week . The bait is getting eaten and the trap is getting sprung , but still nothing caught . I think they do n't get all the way in and the door falls on them and they get away . I would give it 5 stars if it were called `` The Squirrel Feeder '' .
 This is waaaaaaaay too small for squirrels . Chipmunks just fine , but when a squirrel trips the trap his body is half way out of the trap so he just runs away . Great quality but no way it works for squirrels
 I read the reviews and most everyone seem to have no problem with catching many squrriels , with peanut butter on a cracker stuck to the tray . But i am begining to wonder if they smell the human scent and dont come near it . Or maybe they hid it under something that masked the human scent and the trap itsefl . Has anyone got any ideas ?
 Maybe this would have worked if our rats were less intelligent , or maybe if I was more , lol . I 'm not sure if I set it up wrong or not but the rats got the food out without it going off and we had to resort to other methods .
 The Havahart 1025 Two-Door trap did not work very well for capturing small Rabbits . Several times I watched a rabbit walk through one end and out the other without closing the trap .
 I have used Havahart traps to catch squirrels in the past and had GREAT success . I bought this one recently only to determine after getting it that it was way too small to catch a proper squirrel . They have tripped the trap 10 times on not gotten caught . How do I know I have squirrels ? One got caught in a rat trap . Very inhumane since he did not die , but was crippled instead.The larger Havahart I used many years ago caught 40 in 30 days and NEVER was tripped without catching one . DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL FOR SQUIRRELS !
 I did n't read close enough and have a squirrel trap that 's too small for those `` North American Monkeys '' that are bane in my garden . I wish I was catching them but not a one .
 It was out for weeks before I realized the bait had been eaten and the trap had not closed . Rebaited and had the same results .
 This trap has not been effective in catching a squirrel in my attic . While following instructions and baiting the trap with peanut butter and crackers , the trap has been cleaned of the bait on numerous occasions without tripping the door release . . There have also been three occasions when the bait was removed and the doors did trip shut , however no squirrel was captured.Even though this is advertised as a squirrel trap , apparently it does not work , unless the squirrel is small enough to get fully into the trap before tripping the release . I can only assume that the times the trap was tripped , the squirrel was able to hold the doors open with some part of his body while eating the bait . Very frustrating efforts over a two week period . I also had contacted Havahart and was using their suggestions for baiting the trap differently than called for in the instructions . . that did n't work either.I am planning to try a slightly larger trap -LRB- 1079 -RRB- based on reviews of that model .
 It is better described as a dining room for visiting squirrelsThe trap is too small to trap squirrel as their tail remains outside of the door and they just back out.The bait has been taken three times and the doors sprung but no squirrel remained.Squirrels are hoping I put out more bait soon .
 I bought this to catch suirrels . I found out , it is too small to catch grey squirrels . I saw one go in , but his tail was sticking out . So when the trap door came down , he backed out and ran away . I caught a chipmunk with it , but no squirrels . Then I bought model 1084 . That model is so easy to set up and large enough and sturdy enough to catch all the squirrels in my neighborhood .
 This trap uses gravity to hold the door close . If you transport your animal and the trap tips over , the door will automatically open and if you have the animal running in the car , good luck ! The cage must be at a horizontal position at all time if you do not want the animal to jump out when the door opens automatically at high angle .
 It is a bit frustrating to try to bait and set up this trap . It often trips itself and spills the bait . But , the worst thing is that it did not work for the squirrels we have here . I see now that if I had read the product description carefully I would have seen that it was for red squirrels , not grey squirrels , but I did not think much about it since the name is `` two door cage trap for squirrels '' . Get this only if you have LITTLE squirrels where you live .
 Havahart 1025 Live Animal Two-Door Squirrel , Chipmunk , Rat , and Weasel Cage TrapI have about 5 chipmunks living in my front yard around my wife 's flowerbeds . Bought the 1025 to take care of the problem humanely by relocation.Using peanut butter I watched them feast for 5 days with no success . After reading the reviews posted here I tried placing the bait in different areas like underneath and above the trip tray . I finally caught one 2 days later which still was n't good results . The main problem lies in the tripping setup . The chips only weigh 2 to 3 ounces and it takes more weight to trip this trap . Needless to say I returned where purchased and got a 1 door model 0745 . I caught a chip in 10 minutes and in 2 days caught the other 4 . So if you need a trap for chips get the 0745 .
 The trap has a couple of issues.First out of the box , the trap would not work . The trigger mechanism would not shut the doors . After bending the rods a little bit , the trap was working . Not a big deal for me , but definitely not a good first impression .2 nd problem is that the trap is too small for squirrels . I had squirrels in the attic and she got the bait -LRB- teeth marks visible on the remainder -RRB- and closed the trap doors but no squirrel inside . My guess is that to get the bait , the squirrel was not all the way in with either the tail sticking out or even the body and once the trap was tripped , she was able to back out because she was n't all the way in . I bet the trap would have worked for a smaller squirrel or rat or chipmunk but not the squirrels I had .
 I have the other Havahart one door design products & they work well but I 've observed squirrels much more interested in the two door since both sides are open.Problem with this unit is it is too small for squirrels . Part of their body sticks out the sides and they can stop the door from coming down and squeeze back out.This size probably works great for mice or maybe rats but much too small for squirrels ... buy the larger unit .
 I use this to trap squirrels . The bait pan is n't very sensitive . Even when it is sprung , one of the doors does not close entirely and the animals escape . It 's OK when used as a single door trap . But those are harder to attract squirrels since one door must remain shut at all times , and some squirrels may then be too cautious to enter .
 These traps are WAY too small !! The squirrels are hanging halfway out when it goes off . Worthless !! Buy the bigger one .
 The trap 's concept is good , but after trying for 2 weeks using 2 traps , I have officially given up . Somehow the rats keep setting the traps off without getting trapped inside . I do n't think there 's enough space for them to escape once the doors latch down , but they might be running through the trap without stopping to eat the food . I tried shutting one door , but I do n't believe they ever ventured inside when it was in that position . Whatever the case , I set up a couple of old `` snap traps '' last night and caught 2 rats . I 'm betting that I catch more tonight . Bummer , because I really would have preferred to catch and release them somewhere far from my home . I gave it 2 stars only because it seems like it could work ... it just did n't work out for me .
 The description should rate this trap only for very small squirrels . It 's WAY too small for your average squirrel . The doors hang up on the critter 's rump allowing an easy escape . The good news is that the dopes keep coming back . Therefore , I 'm optimistic that the larger size 2 door `` rabbit '' trap I just ordered should work well .
 So far I 've caught nine critters in the single door trap set up right next to this one and not a single critter in this one . Get the single door model .
 I am new to this trapping adventure , but the trap did not work for me - it was simply to small for squirrels around my house . A squirrel would enter only partially , with butt sticking out , trigger the door , yet and were able to wiggle out.Got a bigger trap , and caught a possum instead.Very frustrating .
 So far the only thing I 've caught in this trap are very pissed off squirrels -LRB- so if you 're needing to get rid of squirrels this trap is for you ! -RRB- -- BUT if you have a rat issue , do n't buy it . If you manage to coerce a rat into the trap , all they do is turn the trap upside down and the door opens right up and out they go . Want the `` Happy Trap '' back -- so much better . Did n't matter how much they tried to turn the trap , it did n't open !
 Well I got the Item and I 've done nothing but make my pest happy ! He is enjoying his organic peanut butter . I 've set it 2 times to find him eating it outside the trap . The last time I checked the trap was shut and locked but again the squirrel was not in it !
 TRAPS TOO SMALL TO CATCH RABBITS . COST ME TOO MUCH TO RETURN . 1025 DESCRIPTION NOW SAYS SQUIRRELS .
 Maybe it was me , or my area of the country , -LRB- rural southern California -RRB- , but my grey squirrels are clearly too big for this trap . I could n't catch even one and I followed all the tips on this page . I 'm looking to order a larger trap .
 The Havahart trap never worked !!! I tried the paste that could be purchased ... . both un-shelled pecans ... . shelled pecans . The squirrels still run around and taunt my dogs ! A waste of my money!Lisa
 Tried it for three weeks with no luck other then trapping a couple birds which I was able to release them unharmed .
 first i had a hard time where the trap didnt trigger and bait was gone . so then i attached a stick to the plate and at the end of the stick a small bowl filled with bait . well that worked great by creating leverage . i heard the noise in the attic , ran up , squirrel looked at me , rammed the door twice dilodging the locking bar and took off . worth it ? i will let you be the judge . not sure if i have super intelligent squirrels in my area . These suckers have to be super smart of the luckiest things on the planet . this was the 2nd brand trap i tried and both have failed . the first the squirrel simply squeezed around the sides of the door . i think i now have to take lethal action . sorry little dudes . i tried my best for a full month and i need sleep .
 I have caught nearly 80 gray squirrels with this trap , so it is not too small -- as a couple reviewers have stated . But it does have its quirks
 This trap worked at first -- I caught two ground squirrels and relocated them far , far away . Then the trap ceased to work ; I do n't know why . Squirrels dashed into the trap , grabbed the bait and happily ran away with their treats.They spread the good news , they invited their friends and families to my yard ; my so-called trap turned into a squirrel feeding station ! I tried securing the bait to the bait tray so they could n't grab the bait so easily but the trap doors never sprang shut . I think the trigger mechanism must have been defective . What a frustrating waste of time ! My squirrels are bolder and more brazen than ever and my petunias have no blossoms . I took the trap back to the store and got my money back .
 I have had this trap for one year now & I am not happy with it . Either this trap is lame or I have the smartest flying squirrels in Branscomb California.I bait this trap in every way possible & all I do is feed the squirrels . The trip plate just is n't sensitive enough . After one year all I have caughtis a rat . The flying squirrels just come in & eat away & never get caught . I have tried many modifications including blocking off one of the doors stillno help . I 'm going to try the single door model to see if it can do any better . Either this is a lame trap or my squirrels are smart ! Go Figure !
 This trap is too small for squirrels . It may work for ground squirrels and chipmunks , but a `` tree '' or `` city '' squirrel is too big for the trap . We needed to send it back for a larger variety ,
 the trip mechanism is difficult to set so that slight vibrations -LRB- e.g. wind or the animal just starting to enter -RRB- do n't set it off .
 Length :
 Amazon should edit the description - while it works fine for some squirrels like red and ground , I 've seen gray squirrels spring the trap and get out because they were not all the way inside . Buy the next size up for gray squirrels and fox squirrels .
 The average gray squirrel in my neighborhood is just too big . It says on the box it 's for small red squirrels , chipmunks or mice . They should really indicate that as well on Amazon in the description . Based on the directions I set it to the `` one door '' option for larger squirrels , but they still spring the trap without getting all the way in
 I was advertised to catch Squirrels . It did not work . You did not put the dimensions of the cage . This is false advertising
 I borrow my neighbors trap -LRB- havahart -RRB- and it is larger and has helped me catch 5 chipmunks . This one does n't work well and the one it trapped got away . Bigger is better .
 One of the doors &#34; sticks &#34; , enabling critters to not set-off the trap . I need to do some &#34; finishing work &#34; to ensure that BOTH doors close properly when the bait holder is moved/disturbed .
 I see rats in my hen house and rats on the fence in my black berries and rat parts the cats leave behind but in a month ZERO rats have checked the peanut butter and become trapped .
 The product states for rabbits . It is not big enough to catch a rabbit . It says on the box small squirrels `` ideal for catching red and flying squirrels , weasels , chipmunks , rats and similar sized nuisance animals '' . We are in the process of returning it because it is not big enough to catch rabbits .
 I purchased for chipmunks . They are able to escape before the doors are latched . I have used a borrowed longer model by same manufacturer which was very successful . I either need a longer model or slower chipmunks .
 We bought this model in order to catch a rat who had entered our home . We bought this one rather than the 1020 on the advice of another Amazon customer - see comment titled `` Falsely advertised as a Rat Trap '' at http://www.amazon.com/Havahart-1020-Two-Door-3-Inch-Cage/dp/B0000DINGG/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1 - we knew that ours was a fairly large sized rat . We tried it for over a week but with no success at all . Either the rat just ate the bait or the doors got shut without any rat inside . It is possible that we may have been doing something wrong but a good product should be idiot-proof IMHO.To the product designers I have the following suggestions : - keeping the bait plate horizontal is not very easy - one can never know for sure if the trap is too tight -LRB- in which case it will not shut easily -RRB- or too loose -LRB- in which case the trap closes even if it is mildly disturbed
 This trap is way too small for the squirrels around me , it is more like a chipmunk or rat sized trap . I highly recommend you sketch out the measurements before buying so you can see how small it is . 5 inches by 7 inches is a very small width/height . After I got mine I went to Harbor Freight and got a larger trap for about the same price , and so far I have caught two squirrels in two days in the larger trap while this Havahart model sits nearby untouched.If you are transporting your squirrels I recommend you put the whole trap in a disposable plastic bag as they will likely pee when in the car .
 -LRB- I got the larger trap for Rabbits see my other review . I was worried the trap was to big for teeny baby bunny and would n't spring well it did 2 hours after I set it I caught him and relocated . Great ! -RRB- THIS trap is Awful ! The sunflower seed always empty and trap not sprung ! I am now just feeding the chipmunks ! This is going back as it does not work !
 I am very disappointed in this squirrel cage it is not consistent . You will catch one squirrel and then for 10-12 other times the squirrel gets the food and the cage does not close properly . or find it closed and the food still there . Havahart 1025 Two-Door 18 x 5 x 5-Inch Cage Trap for Squirrels
 My husband picked this out and I bought it for his birthday last week . I gave it to him Saturday and it was broke by Wednesday -LRB- last night -RRB- . He was using it in our back yard when the ball went flying off . It came with a replacement ball , so initially he thought it could be fixed . However the 2nd ball does n't stay on , so we are thinking some other piece probably flew off as well , leaving us with a piece of junk.Luckily we purchased through SG and can get a refund -LRB- I 'm told -RRB- . He was so excited to use this thing , and loved it the first few days . Such a disappointment ... hopefully this can save you from going through the same thing .
 1 -RRB- The ball flew off within ten iron shots . No instructions on how to re-attach it . Looks like a significant design flaw .2 -RRB- The instructions are contradictory `` grasp the SHAFT firmly with your fingers ... '' but the picture shows the ball being grasped .3 -RRB- The customer service number listed in the instructions -LRB- 800 336 6264 -RRB- `` is no longer in service '' . I had the unit shipped through Amazon to my Chicago address earlier this year and brought it up to my summer place in northern Wisconsin to use - hence the delay .
 i purchased the swing groover 2 brand new in the box . i didnt miss use it and i dont swing like john daly so how did the plastic rod break maybe after 10 swings . i called the company for parts and the rod and ball are over $ 50 . it was supposed to have a 1 yr warranty so i sent them the everything . they called a couple weeks later and said it was outdated and they cant honor the warranty . i made them ship it back to me at least they paid for that . ive read hundreds of reviews and it happened on everyone elses . if you read this review before buying 1 DO NOT BUY IT !!!!! CHEAPLY MADE PRODUCT FLY BY NIGHT COMPANY ! wish i lived close to dennco id throw that thing through their window
 SNAPPED THE BALL OFF THE VERY FIRST DAY , AND HAVE BEEN TRYING TO GET A REPLACEMENT FOR THE LAST 6 MONTHS . IT 'S A PIECE OF GARBAGE AND THEIR TREATMENT OF THEIR CUSTOMERS IS CRIMINAL.MAYBE WE SHOULD ALL GET TOGETHER AND SUE !!!!!!!!!!!
 When I saw that most of the critical parts , the ones that bear the brunt of the force were made of plastic , I told my wife `` this is n't going to last long . `` In the very place I had concerns is where mine broke . A simple metal pin , instead of a plastic one would have made all the difference.I also just noticed in these `` customer reviews '' that right after someone posts a negative review , a positive albeit anonymous review is posted . That always makes me wonder .
 The first time I used it , I hit it about 20 times before the ball broke off and went flying into nearby woods.My Mom had ordered it from Sharper Image . She called them and they said the would replace the ball . They never did.I have not found a place to order replacement parts .
 Need I say more ? The ball flew off with the plastic connector and wound up in the neighbor 's yard . Thankfully no one was hurt .
 Broke first time I used it.When it worked it was highly inaccurate -LRB- I own a radar speed detector -RRB- . Save your money .
 Do n't be fooled by the positive posts , I am convinced they are bogus.This is just a cheaply made toy at adult prices .
 This item is not accurate at all . I have complained to the company and no response . I told the company that it was off at least 50 % and their only response was to try a different battery and if that did n't work try to return it to Target . Not impressed with the product or company . Ed Swanson
 This thing broke during the first use . Even when it did work , it would move when the ball was hit . This thing was so cheap , I knew I should have just returned it when I opened the box -LRB- I almost did -RRB- . Please trust that you will not be happy with this .
 i just got this thing and hit it about 10 time and the pengulum broke and can not find parts . if I knew that the striking zone was plastic i whould of not got it ...
 I do n't recall ever being quite as disappointed with a product as I am with the Swing Groover II . Last night I went to the driving range to check some yardages of my clubs , just so I could verify the accuracy of the Swing Groover.I was hitting my 5-iron between 180-190 yards most of the time , occasionally hitting 200 . My 7-iron was flying about 165 yards . Tonight , I just finished setting up the Swing Groover . My first few swings with a 5-iron produced readings of 133 yards . I warmed up a little more and started hitting the 7-iron . These swings produced readings of 121 yards , with an average of 121 . This product is designed to indicate swing speed and yardage hit . The yardage is off by about 50 yards , but believe it or not , I think the swing speed indicator is probably pretty accurate . With the 5-iron , it was indicating a little over 70 mph . I 've had my speed tested before with the driver and it registered a little over 100 mph , so this number of 71-73 with the 5-iron sounds reasonable.I 'm not sure if I just got a defective machine or what exactly the problem is , but I 'm very disappointed . I 'm very inclined to think I just wasted $ 150 . My suggestion is to keep looking for other products , because this one is horribly inaccurate .
 I thought I was getting the hat pictured the all navy blue M 's hat . What I recieved was the blue hat with the teal bill . They did give me a label to send it back at no charge , but just be aware .
 The replacement strap I ordered for our recumbent bike worked only with some doctoring . It immediately snapped apart and my husband had to drill holes in our pedal to attach . It will work for right now but will order directly from our bike company from now on .
 I have always wanted a football jersey , and this was my first . I am very disappointed in the quality of this jersey , it is very cheaply made and at the price of $ 100 it is far from worth it . I have since ordered another jersey at half the price of this one and I must say it is much nicer and will last me many years , where I feel with this one I might only get to wear it for maybe a season or two before it falls apart .
 This product is not worthy of its price tag . If you have much ice to navigate -- and one assumes one would have a lot of ice if one is looking for ice gripping shoes -- then this design is poor . There are only 4 single prong ice cleats -LRB- resembling thumb tacs -- although shorter in length -RRB- for ice gripping on the bottom of these shoe/boot covers . Picture placing 4 thumb tacks on the bottom of one 's shoe . That is the sum total of this product . Strongly suggest that a serious walker look for a product with more gripping action -- the bottom needs to have far more gripping surface to keep a person upright in snow and ice . Grade this product an F is design ! GREAT idea , poor execution .
 A few months ago , I ordered the shoe grips . The grips work in theory . However , the spikes are a bit noisy and a little cumbersome . I 'm looking for an alternate product to use for this coming Fall/Winter .
 I 've been using the get a grip advanced for 3 years.I found the `` original '' design to be well made and long lasting , which is saying a lot considering I walk on them for 6 hours a day on my postal route . That being said , what is pictured as the product -LRB- bi-directional tread , spike `` diamond '' pattern , heavy duty rubber -RRB- is not what is recieved these days ... apparently the company has a new manufacturer . The `` new and improved model '' now has thinner rubber , no bi-directional tread , and a `` square '' pattern which I can attest does not provide as good a traction as the diamond pattern . With the original model I used to go through replacement cleats , but do not bother to get them with the new model ... the cleats will outlast the rubber ... the inferior rubber heels disintegrate in no time . The only improvement was that they go on easier and stay on better ... please improve the quality !!
 The item you receive is NOT what is pictured here . The pair shown in the picture is the ORIGINAL design of the Get-a-grap Advanced . They have changed the design with is inferior to the ones pictured . I walk 6.5 - 7.0 hours a day as a Letter Carrier . The original design lasted more than one winter -LRB- like 1.5 -RRB- . The new design is junk and they barely last a month and a half . They 've gone to a thinner , softer rubber that has NO DURABILITY . I 'd be willing to pay a bit more for the originals , but I 'd stay away from these unless you 're only gon na use this ocassionally .
 As another reviewer mentioned I just ordered these and they are not the same as what is pictured.These are made of a far thinner rubber than the previous model and while they go on better on regular shoes they are smaller in the front and have to be stretched a lot to fit on my boots.We will see how these hold up but I wish I could still get the old model .
 If you hike in fall/winter , please read this before purchasing Get-A-Grip Advanced . I purchased a pair of Get-A-Grip Advance for a November hiking trip to Mt. Cardigan in Alexandria NH area . As there 's an overlap in size 10 -LRB- medium fits men 7-10 and large fits men 10-14 -RRB- , and after trying both sizes with my Montrail Torre GTX hiking boots in the store , I opted for the tighter fitting medium . I put my Get-A-Grip Advance on at the cabin I was staying and made my way along the trail to wardens cabin on Mt. Cardigan , which is just below tree line on the way to the summit . Others in the group I was with wore Stabilicers or Grip-Ons , which both performed well . I was the only one in the group with Get-A-Grips and found it necessary to stop several times to adjust the Get-A-Grips , which were constantly sliding off the toe of my boots . After a final adjustment at the warden 's cabin , I started the steep ascent to the summit . I made it to the firetower at summit . Before ascending , I found it necessary to make yet another adjustment and noticed the rubber that connects the toe of the Get-A-Grip to the heel was starting to tear in 2 places . After yet another adjustment , the group and I started making our way off summit and down to the warden 's cabin . While on a very steep portion of the mountain , the Get-A-Grip on my right boot came off and I took a 50 ' tumble down a partially ice covered rock slope , eventually coming to a stop in an area of snow covered shrubs . I shredded a $ 400 ArcTeryx Theta jacket in 3 places and received a number of deep cuts , bruises and abrasions to my body from the fall . Bottom line , Get-A-Grip Advance are probably sufficient for use while shoveling snow in the drivway , but regardless of the marketing claims made by Sure Foot Corp. , the manufacturer of Get-A-Grip Advance , they are an inferior product and should not be considered reliable for use with any kind of hiking or mountaineering where ice and snow is present -LRB- the packaging states `` Walk , Run and Hike with confidence on Ice & Snow '' -RRB- and are by no means a substitute for 10-16 pt . crampons . Needless to say , I 'll be returning the left Get-A-Grip Advance and what pieces I could recover of the right one to the outdoor store where I purchased for a full refund .
 I thought I was getting the hat pictured the all navy blue M 's hat . What I recieved was the blue hat with the teal bill . They did give me a label to send it back at no charge , but just be aware .
 Loaded my Shakespeare underspin reel with 6lb , after the 1st cast I knew it was going to go . Would only cast about 1/2 as far a 4lb Stren . Reloaded reel with 6lb Stren & casted great . With all the hype I thought it would be a great line but was sadly disappointed.Would nor recommend . .
 My husband was in need of a new lunch box to bring to work , he wanted one that was large . I ordered this one thinking it should be about the right size . This thing is massive ! It could easily fit enough food for an entire picnic for a family . I returned it .
 Received a defective piece.Had it ordered for a trip , was happy the bag is delivered in time and the bag looked good from outside However from inside it looked shabby , inside lining is torn and the insulated materiel inside does look good and strong . Is not worth the cost .
 We bought this cooler because of it 's size . We needed it for our trip across country . It did n't keep anything cold and the ice melted and leaked all over the cab of the truck . We will be returning it as soon as we arrive to our final destination . We ca n't even use it for this trip .
 the bag kept items cold all night with ice , but it leaked . this made the bag unusable except for the beach . the item could be really good if it did n't leak .
 I have always wanted a football jersey , and this was my first . I am very disappointed in the quality of this jersey , it is very cheaply made and at the price of $ 100 it is far from worth it . I have since ordered another jersey at half the price of this one and I must say it is much nicer and will last me many years , where I feel with this one I might only get to wear it for maybe a season or two before it falls apart .
 I have always wanted a football jersey , and this was my first . I am very disappointed in the quality of this jersey , it is very cheaply made and at the price of $ 100 it is far from worth it . I have since ordered another jersey at half the price of this one and I must say it is much nicer and will last me many years , where I feel with this one I might only get to wear it for maybe a season or two before it falls apart .
 This product is horrible . Upon receiving it , I was really anxious to try it out and one could not see a thing through the lens . Perhaps it was missing the mirror . It is completely useless and is being shipped back .
 If you are looking for a product that will give you multiple access points to your clubs and bag , this is not the product you are looking for . I purchased this product thinking that there would be access points to both the upper and lower portions of my golf bag , and that the front area would open for windshield access . This is not the case.It does install with ease and their customer service is great and timely . I had no trouble returning it .
 Not well made , and not worth what I spent . Would have rather spent the money on food .
 I have always wanted a football jersey , and this was my first . I am very disappointed in the quality of this jersey , it is very cheaply made and at the price of $ 100 it is far from worth it . I have since ordered another jersey at half the price of this one and I must say it is much nicer and will last me many years , where I feel with this one I might only get to wear it for maybe a season or two before it falls apart .
 The Yamika BOA roof rack seemed like the best deal for a bike rack on amazon.com.I was a bit disappointed with the way the fork mount held the bike in place . It is a tension fit only , there is not grooves or anything to grip on to the fork ends , just flat metal on flat metal . I will probably grab some small specialty washers for something to bite on because I really do n't want to buy new bikes or fix someones bumper when they fly off . The rear mount is a little quirky and looks very easy to steal even with a lock . My bike is a simple road bike with 700c-23 tires on it and it is a very loose fit in the rear strap system . I will have to get some rubber or foam on there to get more pressure on the tire . I have square bars so I probably wo n't have the problem of my bike tires slipping down and hitting the roof of the car like a few others were having.I was most upset with the item description . It is not a new model of this item and it is NOT the one in the picture although they are the same price . It looks similar but there were a few great improvements for the new model year in the picture.Most noticeable is the skewer is a bolt and a threaded locknut is on the other side of the fork to keep pressure more even and to give it more bite instead of the flat surfaces of the old model . The old model I was sold does not have this nut and is instead a bolt that threads into the skewer lever , it is a PITA to adjust because the weight of the bike sits on it.Other than that it really is a decent , cheap , easily installed bike rack . Be sure to measure your bike if you have round bars , we do n't want your paint getting jazzed up . I plan to use a cable bike lock to secure my bike to the rack which does lock well .
 I thought I was getting the hat pictured the all navy blue M 's hat . What I recieved was the blue hat with the teal bill . They did give me a label to send it back at no charge , but just be aware .
 This product is not worthy of its price tag . If you have much ice to navigate -- and one assumes one would have a lot of ice if one is looking for ice gripping shoes -- then this design is poor . There are only 4 single prong ice cleats -LRB- resembling thumb tacs -- although shorter in length -RRB- for ice gripping on the bottom of these shoe/boot covers . Picture placing 4 thumb tacks on the bottom of one 's shoe . That is the sum total of this product . Strongly suggest that a serious walker look for a product with more gripping action -- the bottom needs to have far more gripping surface to keep a person upright in snow and ice . Grade this product an F is design ! GREAT idea , poor execution .
 A few months ago , I ordered the shoe grips . The grips work in theory . However , the spikes are a bit noisy and a little cumbersome . I 'm looking for an alternate product to use for this coming Fall/Winter .
 I 've been using the get a grip advanced for 3 years.I found the `` original '' design to be well made and long lasting , which is saying a lot considering I walk on them for 6 hours a day on my postal route . That being said , what is pictured as the product -LRB- bi-directional tread , spike `` diamond '' pattern , heavy duty rubber -RRB- is not what is recieved these days ... apparently the company has a new manufacturer . The `` new and improved model '' now has thinner rubber , no bi-directional tread , and a `` square '' pattern which I can attest does not provide as good a traction as the diamond pattern . With the original model I used to go through replacement cleats , but do not bother to get them with the new model ... the cleats will outlast the rubber ... the inferior rubber heels disintegrate in no time . The only improvement was that they go on easier and stay on better ... please improve the quality !!
 The item you receive is NOT what is pictured here . The pair shown in the picture is the ORIGINAL design of the Get-a-grap Advanced . They have changed the design with is inferior to the ones pictured . I walk 6.5 - 7.0 hours a day as a Letter Carrier . The original design lasted more than one winter -LRB- like 1.5 -RRB- . The new design is junk and they barely last a month and a half . They 've gone to a thinner , softer rubber that has NO DURABILITY . I 'd be willing to pay a bit more for the originals , but I 'd stay away from these unless you 're only gon na use this ocassionally .
 As another reviewer mentioned I just ordered these and they are not the same as what is pictured.These are made of a far thinner rubber than the previous model and while they go on better on regular shoes they are smaller in the front and have to be stretched a lot to fit on my boots.We will see how these hold up but I wish I could still get the old model .
 If you hike in fall/winter , please read this before purchasing Get-A-Grip Advanced . I purchased a pair of Get-A-Grip Advance for a November hiking trip to Mt. Cardigan in Alexandria NH area . As there 's an overlap in size 10 -LRB- medium fits men 7-10 and large fits men 10-14 -RRB- , and after trying both sizes with my Montrail Torre GTX hiking boots in the store , I opted for the tighter fitting medium . I put my Get-A-Grip Advance on at the cabin I was staying and made my way along the trail to wardens cabin on Mt. Cardigan , which is just below tree line on the way to the summit . Others in the group I was with wore Stabilicers or Grip-Ons , which both performed well . I was the only one in the group with Get-A-Grips and found it necessary to stop several times to adjust the Get-A-Grips , which were constantly sliding off the toe of my boots . After a final adjustment at the warden 's cabin , I started the steep ascent to the summit . I made it to the firetower at summit . Before ascending , I found it necessary to make yet another adjustment and noticed the rubber that connects the toe of the Get-A-Grip to the heel was starting to tear in 2 places . After yet another adjustment , the group and I started making our way off summit and down to the warden 's cabin . While on a very steep portion of the mountain , the Get-A-Grip on my right boot came off and I took a 50 ' tumble down a partially ice covered rock slope , eventually coming to a stop in an area of snow covered shrubs . I shredded a $ 400 ArcTeryx Theta jacket in 3 places and received a number of deep cuts , bruises and abrasions to my body from the fall . Bottom line , Get-A-Grip Advance are probably sufficient for use while shoveling snow in the drivway , but regardless of the marketing claims made by Sure Foot Corp. , the manufacturer of Get-A-Grip Advance , they are an inferior product and should not be considered reliable for use with any kind of hiking or mountaineering where ice and snow is present -LRB- the packaging states `` Walk , Run and Hike with confidence on Ice & Snow '' -RRB- and are by no means a substitute for 10-16 pt . crampons . Needless to say , I 'll be returning the left Get-A-Grip Advance and what pieces I could recover of the right one to the outdoor store where I purchased for a full refund .
 Ok ... First off yes they look good , although plain riding without showin off will wear this tire quick ... I put these tires on and had to come to a stop , and the `` rubber '' they use is so cheap that the first time i skidded it wore almost all the way thru ... . They were brand new ... total junk ... And sorry amazon , but i bought them in a bike shop for only $ 20 ... $ 34 is insane ... Dont waste your money ... Buy kenda or sumthn thatll last ... ur a sucker if u buy this . . Dont be suckerd like i was !
 Loaded my Shakespeare underspin reel with 6lb , after the 1st cast I knew it was going to go . Would only cast about 1/2 as far a 4lb Stren . Reloaded reel with 6lb Stren & casted great . With all the hype I thought it would be a great line but was sadly disappointed.Would nor recommend . .
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 This item is advertised as a DVD however , when it comes in the mail it is actually an old VHS . When calling customer service they advised it was just a misprint and `` eventually '' someone will pick up on this and change it . Meanwhile , I purchased an item I do not have the technology to utilize . Very disappointed in the product and Amazon .
 I thought I was getting the hat pictured the all navy blue M 's hat . What I recieved was the blue hat with the teal bill . They did give me a label to send it back at no charge , but just be aware .
 This product does not stay upright on a round bar as shown on the manufacturer 's web site . The bottom line is that your wheel will end up resting on your roof and damaging your clear coat over time . If you drive an old beat up car , or if you 'd like your car to start looking old and beat up , this may be okay for you . It would be easy for Yakima to design this with a brace that fit into a bike rack next to the wheel spoke . There are better products available for this purpose .
 This is a great concept , and I really wanted to love it , in fact I still have it on my subaru with my Copperhead Fork mounts just incase I can figure a better way of using it ... That being said . The first time on the road with this tire mount , I was going down the highway around 70 mph and heard a loud thud on my roof . Scared part of the rack ripped off , I exited the highway to see if there was any damage . No damage , but no tire upright anymore either . The mount had shifted over and landed on the roof , still attached , but rubbing the roof ... I tried what others have said and added some electrical tape under the mount before using it so it does `` turn '' , and I tightened the nuts till they seemed too tight . The problem still existed . With the weight of my 29er MTB X-Country bike tire , it simply can not live up to it 's need . Fortunately I have another bike with a 700cc road tire that weighs 1/3rd , almost 1/4th , compared to my 29er . The rack should work for it , but I 'm still nervous to bring it back on the highway , under 50mph with the road bike tire is OK . Over 50 is yet to be deteremined . Under 45mph with a 29er seemed to be fine , but I was on the highway for no more than 2 - 3 miles before having to exit ! So buyer beware . Also - there is no lock , no SkS Lock , notta . A simple wrench could steal the mount off with your tire . So take it with you for the night when traveling , or lock it in your vehical after . On a nice note , it does lay nice and flat while not in use , and match my yakima rack and rail system beautifully ...
 Mounted according to specs this aiming device will not keep accurate placement on a Glock 17 . The front of the device has no mounting hardware . It depends soley on the trigger guard to support it from the rear , so when the housing is banged around either from drawing from holtster or slapping into your palm the laser housing goes way off center unsupported at the front . At 10 yards it is off by 2 feet ! I would not wish to be caught in a home defense situation with my laser pointing at something my sights tell me I am not going to hit ! This device for the Glock 17 to work correctly needs a better mounting system to stop the front of the device from shaking itself off center . My phone call and e-mail to Armalaser went unanswered . So much for customer support . Anyone want to buy a expensive cat toy ???? Looking at Crimson Trace right now .
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 I spent a lot of time looking for a cooler - they are difficult to find . This one seemed great - large , stainless , looked good ... Arrived in good shape and looked great . However , two problems
 Bouught this for a graduation party in June by the end of June the tub delaminated from the stainless steel shell everything is rusting and now water get in between the walls of the unit and the tub is bulged on the bottom . Contacted seller no response . Even amazon guarantee is not responsive . This is a total waste of good money do not buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The cooler is quite good and keeps ice up to 6 days . However , the wheels on the legs bent -LRB- all 4 -RRB- within the firt ten minutes . I will need to get a welder to reinforce the wheels .
 I ordered not one but two of these coolers for our training center at work . They are not worth the money . Within one month of purchase the wheels started coming off and they can not be repaired because the legs are a hard plastic and the wheels are metal and it breaks where the wheels are connected to the legs . Very disappointed with the the service of dealer -LRB- Grady 's on line -RRB- . I have been trying to get new legs for these coolers for over 5 months so I could repair them . I have emailed , emailed , called & called . No Customer service . Just talk . DO NOT order these coolers they are not worth your money . I finally have filed a claim with Amazon . These coolers were inside not on a patio or a deck so it was not from the weather or abuse . Just not made well . To much top weight for the weak little legs . Design is very poor .
 I thought I was getting the hat pictured the all navy blue M 's hat . What I recieved was the blue hat with the teal bill . They did give me a label to send it back at no charge , but just be aware .
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 This sure was a great idea , and a great product , for about a month or two . Heck , for the price , that 's worth it , but it only lasted my dad a month , and me about the same before the clip became very loose due to the spring being faulty . This causes the whole product to become very wobbly and untrustworthy of carrying my 30 - 40 dollar zippos .
 I love Zippo products bu this one is not worth it . Made in China . The spring clip broke after only a couple of weeks . Also the way in wich the Z Clip holds the lighter will definately scuff your finis pretty bad . Buy only for very light use .
 item broke after second day of use , waiting to hear about return , pin broke from plastic just a weak designi guess
 made of strong plastic , I just thought it would havr covered the zipo better.so , , , , , OK
 I LOVE THE WATCH , ALWAYS WANTED ONE , BUT THE WATCH IS AN ORANGE COLOR . I TRIED TO CONTACT THE SELLER BUT NO RESPONSE , I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED THE BABY-G BUT IN PINK ONLY . I WAS DISAPPOINTED THAT THE SELLER DID NOT CONTACT ME BACK NOR TO PUT ANY DIRECTIONS IN THE BAG , I STILL HAVE A PROBLEM TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO USE THE WATCH CORRECTLY
 When I first received this watch I must say that I fell in love with the pink . The face of the watch was nice looking , but from the side view it was very bulky looking sitting on my wrist . The quality of the band was also a bit worrisome since it was basically made of plastic .
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 Not on hold at the post office , where is this item ?! Why have n't I received it yet ?
 The first baby G I bought was great , lasted for more than 2 yrs and still going . I bought another one for my younger daughter . After 3 wks -LRB- 1 month from date of order -RRB- , one of the buttons fell off . My daughter wear it to swimming . She is not an active child . So I sent it in for repair . I got a quote of $ 30 plus tax , shipping for a $ 50 + watch to replace the button !! I was shocked it is not covered under the warranty . So I called the service representative According to her , warranty covers only the mechanistic functioning of the watch . Everything can fall off but if it works , then you are out of luck . But again , they can say you abuse the watch . So I said ca n't it be a quality control issues ? She said , there is no recall . I said not necessary a recall type just manufacturing problem . She said if so , then I would have seen it once I open the box and their QC is 100 % !!!!!! Wow , I am amaze . I need to work in Casio manufacturing . She said , `` I am not saying it is your child but maybe she hit it somewhere ... '' At this point I felt that this lady was just saying anything she wants -LRB- 100 % QC !!! -RRB- I said I want to talk to the supervisor , she said `` no '' since this is not an issue for sup . I insisted and finally someone who claim to be a manager talked to me -LRB- This `` manager '' even got my name wrong -RRB- . Repeated the whole thing plus that I used tapes to tape the watch onto the box . She said that -LRB- the tape -RRB- was also a problem !!! I replied that it was done to prevent the watch from `` jumping '' around during shipping . Wow , now I know that baby G needs to breath so it can not be taped . Then said my daughter is young , active ... . I shut her up by saying , this watch claimed to be for sports . If she can not jump , swim in it then what good is it ? There was no dents or deep scatches on the watch -LRB- I want to say no scratch but I never know -RRB- . She said she will see what she can do and call me . We shall see.And one reviewer mentioned that the watch gets stuff on it . This one did . Maybe because of the daily swimming my daughter did . That was also a problem she mentioned about this watch not being covered under warranty.I can understand that it may not be covered but the first representative was totally abnoxious . Telling me that it CAN NOT be casio 's problem . I will not buy a casio product anymore because many camera owners reported problem with their warranties too .
 This is a terrible watch ! The features are hard to figure out , and the buttons are difficult to use . The watchcase is huge , but the numerals are too small to read easily and the bands across the face obscure some of the writing on the watch . It 's also fairly heavy . I 've had Baby-G 's before , and this particular style was a BIG disappointment . I 'm sending it back .
 I used to love G shocks so I bought this for my daughter about 7 months ago.Since then I had to remove the 4 screws that keep the plastic cover held down , -LRB- the ring-like cover that goes around and protects the side of the face - it 's not integral -RRB- to clean under it . I just did this a second time since she has got it , and decided to warn others.It gets really disgusting and discolored from soap and dirt that gets stuck just under it . A good wash under water , is NOT enough to wash it away . It seems to be a design flaw and I am very disappointed.Note
 I loved this watch when I first got it . But after a few months of wearing it everyday a couple of things happened ... 1 -RRB- the color started getting a little greyish / yellowish2 -RRB- there was dirt , or grime , or mold building up in areas of the watch that I could not clean.Granted , I work as a firefighter ... so the watch takes some abuse , but I could not clean out the moldy looking stuff , so I had to get rid of the watch . : -LRB-
 This watch is more blue than purple , so keep that in mind if you are ordering . Also , the time seems to run a little fast . After a couple of years , my watch is running about 10 minutes fast , which might defeat the purpose of a timepiece for some people . The setting buttons are also incredibly difficult to figure out . I only know how to use the timer , turn on the indiglo light , and switch time zones . It stores phone numbers but I have no clue how to do it . I have n't figured out how to adjust the time either , so I just switch time zones on the watch.I still love this watch and get tons of compliments when I wear it , even after all these years . It is a classic and fun watch that can last a long time . These are great to wear for working out and swimming , because they are waterproof . I have had mine for a couple of years , and it still looks brand new . Some other rubber watches start to develop nasty dirt on the wrist band . I have n't had that happen with this watch , so I think the material is of pretty high quality.So , if you 're looking more for a fun accessory , I would recommend this watch . But if you are looking for a precise timepiece with lots of functionality , I 'd probably choose something else .
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 This is one of the 5 different nose clips I purchased in an attempt to locate one that fits . 1 out of the 5 work very well and another one works but has to be readjusted after a couple of laps . I think nose clips would fit everyone differently specially based on sex and race . I 'm a female Caucasian with a small to average size nose . Also I read these reviews when I purchase something so I try to leave feedback when I can . This is only my opinion of the nose clips I tried . You might hate the ones I like and visa versa.I purchased1 . Speedo Silicone Nose Clip2 . Speedo Competition Nose Clip3 . * Tyr Soft Pad Swim Clip * 4 . TYR Ergo Swim Clip5 . Water Gear Synchro Nose Clip1 . Speedo Silicone Nose ClipThis one was the winner ! I really like it . This was by far the best clip out of the 5 I tried . It stayed on my nose and kept it closed no matter how many laps I did . It was comfortable to the point that I did n't even notice it while swimming . No need to adjust it because it stayed in place . I see Amazon only sells it in packages of 10 . I purchased it from Swimoutlet.com . Comes with a nice case . Speedo Silicone Nose Clip 10-Pack2 . Speedo Competition Nose ClipThis one sort of worked but not well enough that I did n't want to try others . It was probably the second best one but still I had to adjust it after a lap . I think if you had a larger nose it would work . You can adjust it a little but it really has to do with the rubber not really holding in place on the nose so adjusting it did n't help much . Since it did n't fit it was n't very comfortable and very noticeable . I keep this in my bag just in case something happens to the Speedo Silicone Nose Clip.Speedo Competition Nose Clip3 . * Tyr Soft Pad Swim Clip * This one did n't work because it did n't clip tight enough for my nose and there was no way to adjust the fit . I think it would work very well if you have a larger nose because the rubber material grips the nose well . It grips much better than the rubber on the Speedo Competition nose clip . It was the only clip out of the group that floated . It comes with a case .4 . TYR Ergo Swim ClipI really like this one when I first tried it but when I tried it at the pool as soon as it got wet the rubber would n't hold . It slipped completely off my nose as soon as I started to swim . If you 're looking for a nose clip that you do n't need to get wet this one held my nose close , stays on the nose , and is comfortable as long as I did n't get it wet . It comes with a nice case . There 's no way to adjust the clip but its set tight so there 's no need for me to adjust it.TYR Ergo Swim Clip5 . Water Gear Synchro Nose ClipThis one was the cheapest but it was also far inferior in terms of the quality of the materials used . The wire is thinner than the wire used by Speedo and does n't hold its shape . I do n't think this would work for anyone . Also did n't come with a case . Water Gear Synchro Nose Clip
 I bought these gloves to use as motorcycle gloves when it gets down around 30 degrees . They work better than the ones they replaced but , on a 45 minute ride in bitter cold they did n't quite stand up as I had hoped . Maybe I was asking too much . Where O where is my perfect glove ?
 I just received this watch today and I will be returning it . I found it too be too big for my wrist and a bit too manly looking . I 've been trying to find a women 's digital watch with an all stainless steel band and this fit the bill feature-wise but just was n't feminine enough and is too big for my petite wrist.As an alternative , I also ordered the Baby-G Ladies Watch Baby-G G-ms MSG-300D-4BDR-6 and will be keeping it . It 's a bit smaller , fitting my wrist much better , and has a more feminine look . I would recommend checking it out instead of this one if you have a small wrist -LRB- mine is 5-1/2 '' -RRB- and you do n't want to look like you 're wearing a man 's watch .
 I have n't bought this product but in the produce specification it says water resistance 100m and in the product review 200m . So is it 100m or 200m ??
 My wrist is not petite and yet this watch was huge and overpowering in size . It should not be advertised as a womans ' watch . I 'm giving it to my brother .
 I bought this watch for my mom who loves digital watches and when I got it in the mail I was extremely disappointed . Looks like a mans watch . Very large .
 First of all , I 'm male . The classic problem for men 's digital watches featuring all that stuff is the enourmus size , and the designs , almost always overelaborate . And the plastic strap , not durable.This watch has meant for women , but its size is perfect for a man . In fact , it 's too big for a lady . For me , it is gorgeus , easy to use , easy to see the time.Everything perfect ? I 'm sorry it 's not
 Amazon 's description indicates there will be `` four 2-lb end caps '' and `` four 3-lb end caps '' , and each end cap is labled with those numbers , but you will realize that the numbers only indicate what the `` total '' weight will be when those caps are applied to the handle . You are not getting four 2-lb end caps that each weigh 2 lb ... they actually only weigh 1 lb each , resulting in a total of 2 lb for the 2-lb caps , for instance . Also when applying the two 2 lb end caps and weighing them on a scale , I found that the total result was only 1.91 . When applying the two 3-lb end caps the total weight result was only 2.85 lb , and when applying the two 1-lb end caps the total weight result was only 0.87 lb . So overall ... not accurate . Nice concept if the description was not deceiving and if the weights were actually accurate .
 This was fulfilled by Target . We bought `` new '' merchandise and received a package that had been opened , gear that had been used enough to be significantly scuffed up and worn , and then replaced in the original plastic package and taped closed with packing tape . Amazon was , as always , great about the return , but we will never again purchase online through Target , as this must be how they dispose of their store return merchandise .
 I would like to have known prior to purchasing this item from Amazon that I was buying a store return . The scuff marks on the weights made the obvious . The taping around the exterior of the package was an indicator as well.Heavyhands 1-2-3-Pound Multi-Pac Black heavyhands with Carry/Storage Case
 I have worn Timex Ironmans for about as long as I can remember . I wanted a change , my huband has always touted a giant G-shock for as long as I can remember , so I stepped off the ledge.What a waste of time money and energy ! 1 -RRB- This watch is not intuitive ; you ca n't simply zap through it and figure it out -- thou shalt break out manual or you will NEVER be able to even set it .2 -RRB- Strap & watch body -- It 'd been more comfortable if I had built the thing out of an old frozen orange juice can3 -RRB- Mobil icons ; spinning globe and flickering whale make me want to sink this thing to the bottom of the ocean ! When the minute changes the digital numbers do this rapid change over thing -- ANNOYING TO NO END ! 4 -RRB- Horrible to do any recalls / laps etc ; getting to the splits etc is like talking to the IRS.On the plus and the only reason it gets a star -- the built in face guards are great especially if you are really active and prone knocking your watch on things like a door frame as you turn a corner -- oh , and you can set so you know how many days you 've owned it.Yuck ... what a disappointment .
 I was disapointed that it had no day of the week display . I am very happy with my casio atomic solar watch that has a day of the week display .
 I was impressed and satisfied with this watch . I gave it to my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves it . Everywhere we go he wares it and the color of the band matches from the brightest to the dullest outfit . Thank You . I am a very satisfied customer.Karleen
 What a great concept , a dress Casio G Shock atomic watch that will actually fit under your your long shirt sleeves , with virtually perfect atomic time-keeping via radio station WWV in Ft.Collins , Colorado . I thought that this watch would address all my needs , so I purchased it directly at full price -LRB- $ 130.00 -RRB- from the Casio website . That is where the disappointment began . Buttons to set this watch are impossible to use and no matter how much pressure I would use , nothing happened . So I phoned the Casio website for technical information and they recommended that I use a small screwdriver to calibrate the watch and even that was unsuccessful . What to do ? I returned the watch to the Casio online store and they promptly issued a full refund including shipping , but I was still without a watch . My solution was to purchase a Casio Atomic G-Shock directly from a local department store , so I again contacted Casio for support on where to visit . They suggested Macy 's and Sears . Our local Macy 's no longer caries Casio watches but I was successful at Sears and I found the perfect Casio Atomic G Shock watch for my needs : G-Shock Men 's Multi-Band Atomic watch #GW 5600J1It keeps perfect time and I point it in a westward direction towards Ft. Collins , CO on my window sill every night and `` exactly '' at 1:00 am it re-calibrates itself to perfection . Although , it does not fit under my long shirt sleeves , I will adjust and buy larger sleeves !
 the brief was very poorly made with raw uneven seams . one leg opening was larger than the other . the item did not dry within 3-4 hrs . as advertised . it was extremely expensive for the poor quality . i would have returned it for a refund except the cost of shipping and the return shipping cost did not make sense .
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 This is the second Casio G-Shock Tough Solar Watch that I have purchased in the last 4 years . It was replacing a decent Casio GW-800 Tough Solar Multi-Band 3-4 year old watch that the rechargeable battery stopped holding a charge . After -LRB- 2 -RRB- attempts by a Casio watch dealer to change out the battery , the watch functions totally stopped working . I ca n't even change the time , so I bought a new GW-700A Tough Solar - Wave Ceptor . The watch is 1 month old , and if it is n't in the direct sunlight for 1 day , it is dead with a `` Low-Dead '' battery . Casio seems to have a serious problem with `` ALL '' their solar watches , just read a lot of the reviews and you 'll see what I mean !! If you buy the watch , you WILL NEED TO TOSS THE WATCH WHEN THE RECHARGEABLE BATTERY IS EXHAUSTED . < <
 I would love to wear this watch . When it works , it gives accurate time and the display is clean and nice . However , unless it is perched on my windowsill soaking up the rays , it quickly loses charge and dies . I received it as a gift and I do n't really have time to figure out how to get it fixed , so I continue to wear my old watch . My new one sits looking out the window like a house cat . Very disappointing .
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 This tent is very big and heavy , not suitable for anything but car or backyard campingPLUS , WORSE : IT RIPPED TO SHREDS , POLES BROKEN < the first time wind got over 12 miles an hourthis is a very mediocre tent , we returned it for a refundit has a lot of room but it just isnt very strong or portable
 I AM REALLY UNHAPPY WITH THE TENT PURCHASE . MY SON NEEDED A TENT IN 3 DAYS , SO I PAID THE EXTRA SHIPPING FOR TWO DAY SHIPPING . IT CAME IN TIME FOR HIS CAMPING TRIP , BUT THE RAIN SHIELD HAD THREE CUTS IN IT , WE DID N'T HAVE TIME TO GET ANOTHER SO WE KEPT IT . MY HUSBAND REPAIRED IT THE BEST HE COULD . WE ARE STILL WAITING SINCE LABOR DAY FOR A REPLACEMENT OF THE RAIN SHIELD
 I read over twenty reviews for this product including some one and two star review . One detail in particular curtailed me from purchasing this tent and I REALLY wanted to buy it , based on all the other details provided despite a few minor complaints . I simply can not live with a tent that does not zipper fully closed . The comments regarding the back of the tent being an open screen alone kept me from purchasing this product , otherwise , I think it would have been perfect . Sorry .
 We used this tent numerous times over the past couple of years , and we like just about everything about it . It sets up easily , and the design is well thought out . Except that the rain fly is such that it arches over the entry way in a manner that can catch the wind.A couple of days ago on our third day at the same site , the winds started blowing directly toward the front door . The strong breeze easily got under the fly and was trying to sail the entire tent away . I had all the loops staked down , and I even had some extra heavy-duty stakes at the tie points of the fly on the sides and rear . I held the fly down while we broke down the tent . I am sure that the tent would have either ripped apart or pulled itself up . I think if the fly was designed so that it had a zippered door flap that this problem would not come up . My bottom line is this
 I bought this tent last year and only used it once . I am diligent about drying the tent before restoring it . This year , we were pumped to get out on our first camping trip and all the line in the poles had frayed and broke . It was very hard to set up the tent as the poles simply kept coming apart . I was not a happy camper at all . Ultimately we got it up and it was fine . The rain fly was an issue too.It rained on us all weekend . Rain kept catching at the entrance so any time I went in and out the tent , the rain collection on top dumped on my back . We had a few leaks too as the rainflap touched the tent in a few places.So I am debating , order replacement poles or call it a waste and move on to something else . Really makes me mad . You 'd think a `` Columbia '' brand tent would be good . Plus I was suckered by the 5 star reviews .
 My husband and I received the Bugaboo 2 days before our camping trip . We set it up at home to make sure everything was ok and we knew what we were doing . Everything seemed ok . Spacious tent , lots of extra neat gizmos . We got to the campsite and were inserting the rods through the proper sleeves when a cord on 1 of the poles snapped as if it had been worn through already !!!
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 I bought this as a second , backup light to complement my main headlight , a 3W LED light . This light uses a single low power white LED powered by two AA batteries . The light has a very tight focus and can be set to flash , or be constantly on . I have n't tested the runtime , but it should be in the order of 100 hours.I fully understand that a single 5mm LED will only put out so much light , so I was hoping this could help others see me , not necessarily help me see the road . Unfortunately Cateye made the beam VERY narrow , which is NOT what you want for a `` to be seen '' light . It 's WAY too dim to serve as a headlight but the beam is WAY too narrow to help others see you - unless it 's pointed directly into their eyes . I know this will sound harsh , but this light is n't good for anything . If you want an LED headlight , spend the extra $ 15 or so to get the Cateye HL-EL530 or the Planet Bike 1W Super Spot -LRB- which I also reviewed -RRB- . Both of them have a VASTLY brighter , 1W LED which actually puts out enough light to be useful as a headlight at night .
 This teacher has horrendously bad posture and should fix that before teaching pregnant women . These exercises are extremely difficult . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because at the end she gives some helpful tips on taking care of your body during pregnancy .
 These pants are very long , also they do n't pass the squat test . If you do n't know what I mean ... they are thin and things show when you squat .
 I would definitely not buy anymore clothes of this brand . They were so long ! I 'm 5 ' 5 '' , and they came way passed my feet . It also is cheaply made . This was a bad purchase .
 The cotton fabric was flimsy and would n't hold up well over time . I was charged $ 7.25 for shipping and handling . The pants were way too long -LSB- I 'm 5 ' 3 -RSB- so I ended up giving them away to my sister who 's 5 ' 7 . You 'd be better off buying spandex pants at Target or WalMart than purchasing them through this seller .
 This was a nice watch with lots of cool features . However , when we tried to set the day , date and time , the watch was out of sync . The automatic day of week setting did not agree with the date and year we entered . Huh ?? Also , the temp guage did not agree with our thermometer and when we reset it , it would not calibrate temperture changes properly . The altimeter also resets itself based on air-pressure , which did not seem to work well for us here in the high desert . We returned the watch to Amazon and are now a little gun-shy of buying another watch with these features .
 The watch is great , but if you ever need service , FORGET IT ! You would be better off buying a new watch . Casio service apparently has not grasped the meaning of `` customer service '' ; tried to charge me ANOTHER $ 45 after servicing my watch and having the buttons fall off
 I took this digital watch with me to Bhutan and found it semi-accurate with altitude readings -LRB- within 50 ' of actual altitude -RRB- but the compass was completely worthless . The compass reads off bearing by 15 to 20 degrees . No small error . I followed scores of time to to reset it but nada . Each time I check it against other navigational compasses it was always off bearing . Thank God that I had a magnetic compass too . Always bring a back up ! Not recommended .
 My teenage son loves this watch.Having said that , the screws that hold the wristband to the watch keep coming off.We have exchanged the screws at least 3 times already , once by a professional watchmaker and twice by two seperate professional watch repairmen using original casio screws aquired from the admittedly helpful Casio repair department . It will not hold for any length of time.As a result my son has almost lost his watch 2 or 3 times . The wristband just slides off.It has come to the point where my son ca n't wear the watch at all . He carries it around with him in a pocket.Not cool!The barometer and antimeter readings of this watch are highly doubtful but that does n't spoil the fun for my son.It 's a toy more than anything else.Also , be advised that this watch is big . Very big . Everybody will comment on it.I think it looks good if you could wear it on your wrist which , really , you ca n't . Finally , replacing the batteries 8 months after purchase cost $ 40 which is a third of the price of the watch.I have had it with the Casio pathfinder . I will personally never buy Casio again.My younger son wears a cool Timex with compass which works like a charm , still runs on the same batteries a year later and which I can highly recommend .
 I am a road cyclist . It is helpful to know a few things about a given ride
 Actually liked this watch but was a gift for my son and someone else also bought him one .
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 I have this and had to modify it for my Saiga 332 ... modding it was easy but its very uncomfortable and doesnt look that great in my opinion . It was on my gun for all of 15 minutes before i tosse the stock foregrip back on .
 I do n't feel this product was described well , the seller should fix that . I read the ad as being 6 cones , since 6 was in the title and coneS was in the description . Imagine my dumbfoundedness when I opened the shipping box to see one single 6 '' cone . It does not have a black base as the ad described either . It is good thick quality though ! Hmm , now what to do with one single tiny come?The 2-star is only for the poor ad description . If it 's what I was looking for I 'd give it a 5-star for it 's quality .
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 This stopwatch has an amazing array of functions but is difficult to use ; sometimes it behaves erratically and starts timing up instead of counting down , or starts all over again when the countdown is only half done . Do n't know if it 's really misbehaving or it 's just on some obscure other function when I think I set it for countdown ... ? Operating manual is available online pdf , and it 's several pages long .
 I purchased the watch as I needed a timer , stopwatch and clock . The advertisement said it had a clock , nada ! , The stopwatch function did not always turn off , The timer function was not that great . I sent the watch back to the manufacturer and purchased a prosurvivor 601x great stopwatch and clock and a s3magt timer . These work great . Dont waste your money on the above .
 Bought two of these stopwatches to help students practice their presentations while monitoring the countdown timer . The stopwatch works well for this purpose when it works at all . One of the two stopwatches was stuck and did not function . The second one works fine except for button bounce . When you click one of the buttons , it is quite common for the button to register a double click and either not stop or not start the countdown . Such behavior is too common to ignore , and is inherent in the poor craftsmanship of this stopwatch.Another problem is that changing from one mode to another is only possible when the countdown or countup is both stopped and reset . This is an added complexity that makes this thing harder to use , and prevents the casual user from using it properly . Finally , in countdown mode , the watch makes quite a racket when the countdown is complete . This prevents one from using the stopwatch when actually giving a talk unless one is willing to wake the sleepers at the end of the seminar.I gave it two stars to reflect the excellent price on this stopwatch . It is hard to find a stopwatch with all these capabilities for this price . If one needs these capabilities , and is willing to accept the poor workmanship , then consider it . But I doubt this stopwatch will last more than a year .
 This is a 12 inch cone . When I ordered it the picture showed more than one cone so I expected to find 12 cones . Bad assumption on my part.I 'll give it two stars because the cone itself seems ok , heavy enough to be stable . The plastic is very stinky though , kinda permeates the room and makes me slightly worried about inhaling plasticizers.I do n't have energy to pursue getting a refund and with shipping and all it would n't be worth it.This one goes in the garage .
 This is misleading . I think they mean that this is a 12 '' inch cone and not that there are 12 cones . They really need to relabel alot of things on amazon . U have to becareful as to how you read items
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 I AM SORRY I ORDERED THIS WATCH . IT IS , BY FAR , THE WORST PURCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE FROM AMAZON ... THE ONLY FEATURE THAT WORKS CORRECTLY IS THE TIME MODE AND SOMETIMES THE COMPASS . THE THERMOMETER IS WAY OFF EVEN AFTER YOU REMOVE THE WATCH FROM THE WRIST . IF LEFT ON THE WRIST , FORGET IT . THE WATCH IS VERY HARD TO READ AS THE DISPLAY IS SO DARK . YOU NEED TO TAP ON THE LIGHT IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THE TIME . I HAD INTENDED TO RETURN IT , HOWEVER I AM 80 YEARS OLD AND A WIDOWER LIVING ALONE AND CAN NOT DRIVE TO A POST OFFICE TO SEND IT . SO I AM STUCK WITH IT . YOU WOULD BE BETTER OFF BUYING A $ 20,00 TIMEX AT WALMART THAN THIS WATCH.GRANDPAIRV
 My experience with this watch has not been even close to satisfactory . The solar charged battery will not hold a charge long enough for this watch to be of any use . On a number of occasions the watch has indicated full charge and within 5 to 6 hours of being away from direct light the battery will be completely discharged and I have to charge it in direct light and reset all the settings . Although , I have had Casio products in the past that were great I can not recommend this product .
 Maybe I got a lemon -- I do n't know , but the `` Solar Powered '' aspect of this watch never worked for me . Now , I do n't get a lot of sun , to be sure , but I am usually exposed to sunlight at least as much as the manual says the watch requires and I was always wearing the watch so I 'm thinking that should n't be the problem . Besides , even if sunlight is the best source , artificial light should still contribute and given that I sleep very little , the watch spent most of the day in some form of light . Despite that , even on days where I was outdoor much of the day , the charge level never got above `` medium '' and often the charge was so low that the display would stay turned off so I could not even use the watch for its intended purpose . A year and a half later , it stopped working altogether . Like I said , maybe it was just a lemon -- others do n't seem to have those problems . However , even if those problems had never occurred , I would n't recommend the watch.First , there is the alarm . The alarm was so quiet that , unless my arm was somewhere near my head , I generally did not hear it when it went off . Though it did have five alarms , the alarms were merely 24-hour alarms -- no options for a given date , day of the week , weekdays vs. weekends , etc. . I do n't get it -- they fill the watch with functions like barometer , altimeter , and compass but they ca n't give one a useful alarm feature?A number of the `` icons '' on the display were much too small for my aging eyes to see . I had to check the manual for what was in that position on the display to determine what they were . I do not have the same problem with the watch it replaced nor the one which replaced it . And though the backlighting was good -LRB- when the watch had enough power for it to work -RRB- , I had to keep turned off the feature which allowed the backlighting to come on by simply turning one 's wrist over to look at the watch -- a useful idea -- because the backlikght was triggered by a lot of other types of movements as well and that caused my already weak battery charge to drain even faster.Like far too many other watches these days , the strap is n't a standard strap which one could buy anywhere and replace -- it is designed to the watch and rigidly attached through some non-obvious method so one would probably have to have a jeweler replace it unless one can find a replacement band and instructions on replacement somewhere -- of course , if mine was typical , the band far-outlasted the watch anyway . I was prepared not to like the band because it is made of some type of flexible , rubber-like material which I imagined would look cheap and wear poorly -- I was wrong about that . Though it looked like the type of material it is -LRB- i.e. it definitely would not pass for leather -RRB- it actually had a rather nice look to it and frankly , looked like it would last a very long time . However , the rigid mounting meant that it is impossible to lay the watch flat when one takes it off so there was no easy way to sit it under a light source to allow it to charge.As for the `` special '' features , I had little use for most of them . The barometer appeared to work and it was sometimes fun to look at the historical graph when a sudden storm blew in to see how rapidly the pressure had dropped , but I never attempted to predict the weather with it -LRB- professional meterologists have rooms full of equipment and sensors and they ca n't reliably tell me if it will rain tomorrow so I 'm not expecting a lot from my Casio -RRB- . Since the barometer worked , I presume the altimeter did as well but I never tried getting any useful info out of it and , anyway , I had no way to calibrate either one so I do n't know how accurate they are . The compass seemed to work fine and that 's one feature I could see being useful at times . As for the thermometer , I ca n't imagine too many cases where I would find it useful to have a thermometer in a watch which is only useable by not wearing the watch for 20 minutes or so -- but if one of those cases ever came up , it seemed to work , but again , I did n't attempt to calibrate it , if that is even an option -LRB- I do n't recall -RRB- . The manual is adequate but nothing special . I was able to figure out most functions without it by simply trying buttons -LRB- but I am generally pretty good at that -RRB- . I had to consult the manual for a few things -- particularly because I could n't make out what the icons were which were toggling on and off as I pushed the buttons.If the Solar Powered aspect had not been a bust , that would have been a very nice feature to have but in a barely adequate watch . Given that most of the features were useless to me and that the most potentially-useful features were rendered useless by poor design , I ca n't recommend the watch . If you have need of a barometer , altimeter , compass and limited thermometer that you can wear on your wrist , maybe those features will be enough to make it worth your while but , surprisingly , you can find all of those in other models and brands of watches so , I would recommend that you keep looking .
 I bought this watch to replace an aging HighGear watch with the same functions . I liked the fact that it was solar powered as replacing batteries would be unneeded with this watch . The solar power is the only good thing about this watch . First watch had to be returned and replaced due to sensor failure . Second watch would only display north or north east even after multiple attempts to set it according to Casio 's instructions . I have n't needed to rely on this watch while out in the field and I would be very hesitant to rely on it as it seems to be plagued with problems . My HighGear watch may be old , but at least it still works . Ca n't say that about this horrible watch . We will see if Casio will refund my money so I can go buy a Suunto which is what I should have done in the first place .
 I got this as a present for my husband who is highly technologically capable . Unfortunately , even he has n't been able to figure this watch out very well . In addition , it does not keep accurate temperature or altitude , which was important to my husband as he is a skiier . As expensive as this item is , I would expect it to be easier to operate and more acurate .
 Got this watch for my birthday a couple years back and I must say that it isnt all that it 's cut out to be . To start off it 's huge and maybe if I were fat it would look okay , but as it stands it is an eye sore on my wrist . This watch isnt something I would wear outside of hiking and other outdoor activities . Secondly the barometer and altimeter suck , now it could be just me not knowing how to calibrate it , but good luck finding any decent instructions out there on how to do that . The compass also has its issues where it will be stuck at a certain bearing and it wont change until I fool around with other stuff on the watch . My last and final quip with this watch is that the solar power isnt all its cut out to be . That solar power fuels a battery , which like any battery , will after multiple recharges loose more and more charge . So now my watch can sit in the sun for 3 straight days , getting full sun and it will only stay on `` high '' charge for 1 hour , before it sinks back down to medium . The watch gives inaccurate readings , is cumbersome and just doesnt live up to the hype set before it or the expectations I had for it . My suggestion to those looking to buy is to find a different watch . Yeah , having the barometer , altimeter and compass are cool , but in the end , if you buy this watch you will be paying for features that wo n't perform properly for you and will , in the end , let you down.Hope this helps and happy shopping .
 When people say this watch is big . . they mean REALLY BIG HUGE . Did I mention this watch is a Gigantic Super sized . . MEGLADON ? This watch makes my SUV look small . Do n't try paddling a kayak with this watch on unless you like making unintentional left hand circles . Additionally , the tidal feature is worthless for the Texas coast .
 I bought this for a hunting trip thinking it would be useful . Turns out the Compass is only semi accurate . The thermometer does n't measure the air temperature it measures the temperature of you 're wrist . Over a 10 day trip the weather changed from sunny 75 degree days to 6 inches of snow on the ground . The Barometer barely changed . You pretty much have to carry the instruction book around with you if you want to do more than change modes . At least the clock is accurate i guess .
 I purchased this Casio watch to use for celestial navigation and found it ran about 3 minutes per year fast . If you are off on the time by 30 seconds when doing celestial navigation , your line of position will be off by more than a 100 miles . I called Casio technical support to inquire and they said that it should not be running that fast and to send the watch to them at my expense , which I did . They returned the watch to me , not repaired , with a note saying that their watches were only designed to run plus or minus 3 minutes per year , which is significantly less accurate than other less expensive digital and quartz watches I have owned have kept time . Casio 's exact comments were
 I have owned this watch for several years and have enjoyed it . I agree with the other comments . I want to add that now it is time to replace the batteries . You will need FOUR batteries at five dollars a piece . So the cost is $ 20 every five years.Then you take off the back and replace the batteries . A simple job unless the entire mechanism pops out . Trying to get it back in and working is impossible and I am handy with tools . A micro spring appeared on my work area . I have no idea where it goes or where it came from . When I finally did get it back together some of the buttons did not work . After many attempts I gave up . Also , once you break the seal by opening the back of the watch it is never quite as waterproof as it originally was.I have been a Casio fan since Casio started making digital watches . I have thrown this one out and plan to buy the solar model so I never have to deal with the problems and costs again .
 Once you figure out how to program long , lat and GMT it works fine . One for the buttons fell off and another cracked . Sad part is I do n't wear watch mutch . Crappy Construction kills this watch for me , and should keep you from ordering .
 I have a similar SPF-60 watch that has the same type of band . It worked great for over 4 years . I wore it everywhere and it was a great watch - I loved it . Then walking down the hall at work the band broke off the band housing . Found out you just can not put on a new band . Sending it in to Casio they charge $ 60 to fix . The band on this watch is the same as the SPF-60 . If you look closely there is no easy way to take the band off or on . It breaks where the band housing meets the case . Many other stories out there with the same problem that happens anywhere between 1 year and over 4 years . Watch is too expensive to have a design flaw like this . It is possible every couple years you will be spending $ 60 to fix the band issue . If this is acceptable , this is an awesome watch .
 I have bought Columbia clothes for years , always pleased with the quality . Not sure why their quality standards seem so low on all their new gear , maybe they should stick to clothing.I bought this tent to house 8 Boy Scouts on a weeklong trip , I really liked the look and design and the idea of all the floor space.During initial set-up we broke one of the poles . No problem , we splinted it and got the tent set up . In the next two days , we had two zippers come apart . On one the sliding part just fell apart , and the other the zipper pulled away from the seam it was sewn into . With no way to repair them , the tent become a bug catcher at night whenever anybody inside turned on a flashlight . Fortunatly it did n't rain on us , or I think we would have had some wet and grumpy campers.Lastly , two plastic clips broke off before we could even use them . I did not expect this kind of crappy quality from a tent that cost this much . We made it through the rest of the week by ` baby-ing ' the tent so as not to break or tear anything else . Getting ahold of anyone at Columbias ` customer - service ' department was a joke . Needless to say this tent got returned when we got back home.Hope this helps .
 THE ZIPPERS ON THIS TENT INCLUDING THE CARRYING BAG ARE POORLY DESIGNED.THEY ARE TOO SMALL AND WEAK FOR THE SIZE OF THIS TENT . THE ZIPPER BREAKS AND PULLS APART WITH TENSION ON IT .
 Giant tents may seem cool but the first windstorm or heavy rainfall will quicky crush your visions of `` taking the house with you . '' Eureka or Kelty are probably where you should START your search and go up from there to some of the big boys ie North Face or even some REI tents . buy one good tent from real outdoor professional and enjoy for years ... simple
 I have 5 kids and wanted a tent that would provide both floor space and walking space for adults . Columbia has always been associated with high quality gear in my mind so we splurged and went for the Gardner Peak . The first time out there was a thunder storm and the sides began to leak . The 2nd time out the zippers on the doors started to catch in the fabric due to what seems to be too much side to side tension across the top of the door . The 3rd time out one of the door zippers came apart and we had to duct tape the door shut . I also had a fiberglass pole split on trip # 3 but I fixed it with a hose clamp and electrical tape . During the 5th trip out one of the elastic cords inside the spars broke , another fiberglass spar splintered and the other door zipper came off the track . In all , the $ 280 tent lasted 5 trips which is about the same cost as 5 nights in a cheap hotel . Not what I expected from Columbia . I 'll be checking out other brands .
 These did n't look as good in person as they did in the picture . They were a bit long , but what I liked least was the bunched up elastic waistband . Not flattering ...
 Do n't be fooled by the photo , they look like they are cute , cropped and snug fitting but they are long , baggy and ugly . Returned them the same day I received them .
 I can not honestly recommend this product.I have now purchased two of them , and both do not work ! The first one died after submersion in 3 feet -LRB- 1 meter -RRB- of water despite the fact it states `` The AE625M35 is water resistant up to 10-meters `` I purchased the second one to replace the first one , and it arrived with the reset button not working.So I will be returning both of them and looking for another brand name to buy.Very disappointing considering it is one of the more expensive ones out there .
 The main fault with the one that I received was that the modes kept changing on their own . The watch would jump from Stopwatch to Clock to Timer even when the watch was at rest . Evidently , there was a short in the wiring . The stopwatch mode worked fine , but I could not rely on it .
 These did n't look as good in person as they did in the picture . They were a bit long , but what I liked least was the bunched up elastic waistband . Not flattering ...
 Do n't be fooled by the photo , they look like they are cute , cropped and snug fitting but they are long , baggy and ugly . Returned them the same day I received them .
 I am more disappointed with this 15 dollar knife than I thought was possible . When the blade is out , the liner lock slips all the way across the bottom of the blade where it would normally `` lock '' and gets stuck between the back and the inside of the handle . Closing the knife after this happens is very difficult and results in a torn up thumb . It is also very hard to open the knife even after loosening the torx screw , applying oil and repeatedly opening and closing the knife to try and break it in.I was not expecting much from a $ 15 knife , but I was expecting it to at least work . It now does nothing but sit in a box , which proves its uselessness considering a knife is a tool that can complete a million tasks .
 The band drives me nuts and as many times as I have attempted to set the barometer and altimeter , the altimeter always seems to be way off . Almost daily it seems to show a different altitude for the same area . I could be operator error and if that is the case , it is not user friendly then ... . As far as the band goes , it come unbuckled and falls off of my wrist regularly .
 This stopwatch was a complete waste of money . It has not been up to two months that I have owned this stopwatch and it has already stopped working . Attempting to change the battery made me to hate this item even more.My advice is to not purchase items made by Accusplit !!!
 We used the tent once . Found setting up to be a chore . You want two adults for the task . My son entered the tent without fully un-zippering along the bottom of the door . He tripped over the un-zipped section of the door and tore the door apart . The fabic just gave up ! I ca n't recommend the tent to anyone .
 We have used the product only once and during the set-up a slight tear was evident @ one of the base connectors . Apart from that , the tent layout is great and we experienced torrential rain during the second night of our 3 night trip and the tent performed beautifully ; our friends across from our tent site was n't as lucky ... they had several leaks .
 I have a lot of experiance in tent camping , and currently own many tents . When I first got this tent I was extremly happy with it . I used it on a trip around the untited states . The first five nights were great -LRB- would give it a five -RRB- , but after that the zippers broke , the seams started ripping , customer service did not seem to care . If you plan on using this tent more that 5 times , do n't waste your money , because it will not hold up ! I now own a usless cougar flats tent that I hate to throw away because it was so expensive .
 We just got the tent today . The process of ordering and shipping went very smoothly . We put it up in the backyard the same day . It was relatively easy to set up . You just need to make sure that you start with the roof . STEP ONE
 First of all , I was impressed by the size of the tent . Also , the design was unique . It was fairly easy to assemble , even by myself . As others have stated , the directions are hard to understand . Once I put the tent up , it was apparent that the seams were not sewn well . The zippers are cheap and snag . The rainfly could have been better as well , since there is not enough overhang at the doorways . If you do n't do allot of camping and require a large tent , then this is for you . If you are a frequent camper , then I would recommend a higher quality tent .
 We purchased this tent a little over a year ago . We have used it approximately six times . Two seams are already ripping , the cord that holds the bay window open with a stake is torn , the rings that the stakes go through are broken , the zippers on the door have always snagged -LRB- you have to step on the tent at the bottom to pull it tight enough not to snag , and there are strings hanging all over where the seams are coming apart . It really is a shame , we loved this tent ! It was very roomy .
 amazon sent to wrond address . they lied and it took , an act of God to get help . most of which came from ups and dhl not amazon
 Golly Gee Goober , I 've owned enough tents to know this sure aint the best tent ever ! Its ok , thats it . Quality is questionable . My $ .02
 We have been camping for many years and wish we could have replaced our old canvas tent but it has been discontinued . We put up the Columbia Cougar Flats tent just before we were going to camp out and we are so glad it rained . The first and foremost problem with the tent was that it leaked at all the horizontal wall seams . Even the fly leaked through the seems causing our bedding to get wet . The zippers take a bit of tender care to make sure that they do not snag when crossing a transitional seem . The zipper - pull situation is just plain frustrating . That brings me to the next point of the entrance - Another flaw in the design
 As a fmr . Boy Scout -LRB- Eagle -RRB- , I have a some experience with tents . I bought this one for car camping to compliment the Mountain Hardware tent I have for backpacking.This tent is HUGE . I mean really large . The usable space side to side and standing up is startling to those to visited . `` The Taj MaTent '' it was called . We could put a table , chairs and a queen air mattress inside . Amazing.Then the winds started.The first time we pitched it was in Big Sur . Big Mistake . The design of the half rainfly and high walls makes for superior venting and superior space , but in a strong breeze , this thing will flap around so badly that you will not be able to sleep . It continued to scare my wife into thinking that it was going to collapse . All night . Very little sleep.This is either a design flaw or a poor choice of tents for car camping with a chance of strong winds . The video embedded in Amazon 's review suggests that the tent survived the wind . It did not suggest the decibel level inside during the onslaught . A tent with slides that slope more is all I will ever buy from now on because I might pitch the thing in an unprotected environment susceptible to strong winds.The next time I pitched the thing , it was destroyed by wind . More poles were broken than I thought that this tent had -LRB- 8 -RRB- . Columbia will replace these for $ 10 each , but the flimsy tent stake loops also ripped in two places . The hooks that attach to the poles ripped in four places . Used steel reinforcement bars and duct tape to hold the tent together until the end of the trip . The rainfly ripped from its attachments to the base.We threw the tent out , but kept the functional wheel-away bag . That thing by itself probably weighs five pounds . This tent is heavy.Regarding setup , I have read the reviews saying it is easy . I did n't think so after two outings . It is n't terrible , but by the standards of other quality brands , it is below par . I found it to be impossible with only one person and still nontrivial with two . The labeling on the polls themselves make it more complicated than that it has to be.In summary , I think that this tent is like many of Columbia 's products
 This item was received in early November and am still trying to get the issue resolved ! The wrong item was sent to me , they have not been responsive to emails , Amazon claims they can not give out phone # 's to there third party vendors and the company that actually shipped the item to me will not deal directly with individual consumers -LRB- even though they send the wrong item was sent to me -RRB- . My advice would be to buy your product in a brick and mortar store .
 While the mesh was small enough to keep out even the little &#34; no see-um &#34; bugs , it was also not allowing the air to flow as freely . The one we received was also damaged , so I was able to return it easily . Very disappointing .
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 These did n't look as good in person as they did in the picture . They were a bit long , but what I liked least was the bunched up elastic waistband . Not flattering ...
 Do n't be fooled by the photo , they look like they are cute , cropped and snug fitting but they are long , baggy and ugly . Returned them the same day I received them .
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 The sizes are clearly marked inside the packaging as `` small , sizes 5 - 6.5 '' . The sticker the vendor put on the package , of all 8 pairs I received said `` Size 9 '' . So as you can imagine , they did n't fit .
 ordered the smallest size i could get for my girlfriend , received the largest i guess they figure if the color is right thats enough . just in time to be useless before our vacation hiking trip , thanks alot
 Stay away from this treadmill ! Once I unpackaged this treadmill and put it in my basement I noticed that while the incline setting was at 0 , there was still an incline to the treadmill . I contacted Lifespan about this and they said that this model of treadmill comes with a default incline even though the setting is at 0 . WHAT ????? Are you joking ? That 's what the incline mechanism is for ! They said to unscrew the feet in the back of the the treadmill in order to get it level . OK , even though I should have returned the treadmill on the spot I decided to humor them and try to deploy the feet . This did not solve the issue either because THE FEET WOULD N'T UNSCREW FAR ENOUGH TO GET IT LEVEL !!!!!! The documentation that came with the treadmill did not mention any of this , neither did their website . For $ 2500 bucks this treadmill was a huge disappointment and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Have not as of July 4 , 2012 received any magazines . I will galdly review your survey when I received my first magazine .
 Exercise Caution when ordering this item
 Length :
 This is not an easy up unit it has to be put together every time.Putting the top on takes at least 2 people 10 minutes.The pictures show the top on the frame which is not the case . This same unit can be bought at Kmart or Target for half the money . If you are lokking for an easy up shade house look elsewhere .
 This item was good while it worked ... We bought it for camping , as a bug-free dining room . The setup was n't too hard , but you do need two people to set it up . I also thought the roof material was attached to the frame as it showed in the description , but no such luck . However ... we set this screenhouse up on our back deck for use at a cookout . Fortunately the rain came after the party was over . We had the guy lines staked out off of the deck , pulling the roof taught so any rain would run off , but it did n't . It stretched the roof material into these little pockets which hung down inside of the frame and the whole frame collapsed . I 'm fortunate that noone was in it at the time . It is bent and mangled beyond and repair . I have contacted the company , but based on other reviews , I do n't expect much help from their customer service . I wo n't buy this again .
 I purchased this tent , I was satisfied until it collappsed in the rain , I pout it back up and the next time it rained it did the same thing except the 2nd time the frame bent . It is obviously poor workmanship with inferior design AND very dangerous , there were people under the tent when it collapsewd . I contacted the company and this is part of the response . . I quote ... `` The refund that you discussed is really out of the question in this matter due to the fact that the frame that you are waiting on was granted as a courtesy above and beyond the manufacturer warranty . -LRB- i.e. incidents involving `` Mother Nature '' are not normally covered under the manufacturers warranty . -RRB- As you have previously stated , the damage to your original frame was caused by a `` rain squall '' . They obviously do n't care about their customers or the products they sell . . stay away from this thing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BTW . . I purchased it in April for summer use ... it is now October and still no replacement - BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE
 I purchased this cover to fit over a 460 cc driver . When I tried to put the cover on my driver , I could n't even get the head of the driver into the base of the cover . I decided to try it on an old 360 cc driver , and it took about 5 minutes to get the cover on , and have it stay upright on that driver.It may be fun to look at , but I returned it the next day .
 Awkward and not really functional ... Awkward and not really functional ... Awkward and not really functional ... Awkward and not really functional ... Awkward and not really functional .
 IF YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT . IT IS THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP . GRAPHICS ARE THE SAME
 We bought ours in April , and have left it set up at our summer cabin since then . It was in a partially shaded area under some oak trees where it was only exposed to morning sun for about 2 hours each day , and after about 2 months the fabric became very dry and brittle , and just gave out along the seams.When I called the store where I bought it , they explained that this is just the result of normal everyday use and is not covered by a warranty . I am ok with that , sorta , but it sure seems like the fabric ought to at least last one summer . Heck , I bought it expecting to get a few years use out of it . Bummer !
 This was a gift from a camper friend who thought I would really enjoy this - I never really thought about showering in a tent before ! Noce idea , and when I first set it up I really liked how roomy and big it was . It took about 20 minutes to set up , but I think that may get shorter with more practice - it is a little complicated . Fortunatley my friend was able to help me get all the poles in place and stand it up.Fast forward about 3 months and my first actual camping experience with this shower tent ... and I discovered that it was very flimsy in just a little bit of wind . No matter how many strings I tied to it it just seemed to move around alot whenever the wind blows . And the door zipper jammed after a few uses and made it very tough to use . Someone suggested I spray it down with wd40 , but I am afraid the chemicals could stain the unit and not help the zipper . What to do?Anyway , seems like this is a nice idea but the tent is not put together very well . Or maybe I got a lemon , either way I do not think I will recommend this to my friends , Just did n't seem to be made very well .
 Tried two shipments of this shower tent . Both had color die migration issues . The red blotched onto the creme color on all sides . If you do n't mind what the tent looks like -LRB- graffiti -RRB- , the tent is well made . Quality not what I expect when paying more for the Columbia name . Also found out the this item was n't made since 2006 , with no replacement parts available .
 Not happy with this thing ... it is so hard to set up that I had to go to the bathroom twice while doing it . Now I consider myself above average intelligence , but this is a screwy design . Nice concept , bad design . Camping should be easy , not frustrating!Signed , Frustrated and Pinching Off
 QUALITY - JUNKCUSTOMER SERVICE - NON-EXISTENTset up is a joke , quality is a joke , and if you do n't mind calling the factory in China for customer service than by all means , buy it . I love the Columbia company history bit ... . founded in 1938 ... sold to the Chinese in 2004 . It is a name only , owned by someone who is interested solely in selling a lot of junk , and a few unhappy customers is acceptable to them I guess .
 If you want to sell something is it necessary to show picture of other product ????????? Next time show picture of TV but send to the customer only remote control .
 Well this is a prime example of a good product getting worse after some marketing person gets in the mix . Tapered bands ` laserhawk ' type are suppose to increase velocity 30 % and reduce required pulling force by an equal amount . Guess what , it does one of those but unfortunately it 's the pulling force claim that is accurate and the velocity claim is a joke . I had one of the old ones which they still sell -LRB- and at a lower price -RRB- and they definitely have much more power . Any of the models with the yellowish bands that are n't tapered are a much better choice . Tapered bands do reduce pulling force required and also reduce the power of the shot . May be a good choice for someone with weak arms or a starter for a kid but not for the average joe looking to shoot as hard and straight as possible . Save yourself a couple of bucks and buy the Model 3040 or one of the others without the red tapered junk band . If you 've already bought this one and ca n't take it back just tear off the bands and buy the $ 3 replacement bands Model 3330 , they fit and they will make you much happier .
 item that arrived was not as shown in picture . Additional items are not included . Seller wanted me to eat all shipping fees . I was not happy in my dealings with seller . AMAZON was GREAT in it 's help in resolving the issue . I 'll always buy through AMAZON because they stand behind their name and promise to protect the buyer .
 My daughter got these knee pads and elbow pads with the Disney Princess helmet . They are complete junk . They do n't fit well and do not shape around the knee or elbow at all . My son has a set of Hot Wheel pads that are a million times better than these . When my daughter wears these I have to strap them so tight to get them to stay in place that it hurts her and leaves red marks , but when I put them on her comfortably they slide all over and stay stiff and straight . They are a giant watse of money . If your daughter is a huge Princess fan and has to have these you might as well cut out a cardboard Disney Princess logo and strap it to your kids legs it would be cheaper and might work better .
 I bought these for my daughter , and I can agree with other reviewers . They do n't fit well , and do n't allow for her knees or elbows to bend . It 's pretty hard to skate or ride a bike , or skateboard , when you ca n't bend your knees ! A complete waste of money .
 this is expensive it ripped apart when i put my gun in there and took 1 month for me to get it
 The T-shirt 's material is extremely THIN . After a few washes , it becomes a rag anytime . A cheaper T-shirt at WalMart is far better product than this brand name .
 This item does not fit correctly on my Romanian made AK-47 it 's to short and wobbles back and forth ! And whats with the set screws that protrude 1/4 on an inch out of the back half of your receiver ! This item is pure junk , you should just have your receiver drilled for the side scope mount and save yourself the grief of wasting money on this product .
 Do n't put this on any rifle you intend to hit anything with . Will not hold zero . It 's just a poor design . There ARE receiver cover rail mounts that work well , but this is not it . Texas Weapon Systems makes a great one for about $ 130 but you wo n't find it here . This might be a good option for an air soft AK , but if you are going to use a REAL rifle with REAL recoil and intend to shoot it MORE THAN ONCE find something else . NcStar is for toys , I 've tried several of their accessories and consistently found them to be useless crap in the real world .
 Maybe an airsoft AK or a rimfire AK like a .22 but any kind of actual recoil will loosen this rather quickly.I was happy to have remembered to take the original cover when I went to the firing range today.If you think this is the answer to your needs to put a scope on your 7.62 FORGET IT ! If you still want to get this thing try this first ; get 20.00 from the ATM , go into the restroom and put the 20.00 in the toilet and flush . Now go get a side mount as intended in the first place .
 I received this a few months ago and still havent even attempted to put it on cause of the fitting im gon na have to do . Product seems to be of good quality , but horrible quality control . I havent returned it cause I would like to make it work . But I was really hopeing it would go right on like the one thats on it . OH WELL !!
 WOULD NOT BUY THIS AGAIN . SELLER DID REFUND MY MONEY . A + + + + + FITS REAL SLOPPY . AND I HAD TO MAKE IT FIT . BUY FILEING
 I have a Tokyo Marui AK47S . They are built true to spec so most accessories fit . This universal cover does not.It is a couple cm too short and in no way would ever work with my gun . I need to return it because no amount ofmodification short of buying a welder and some sheet metal will allow this to fit .
 Do n't buy this !!! this would not fit on your AK , has a small dent on the begaining , m not sure if thats damaged , but it looks like it has been made like that . SUCK !!!!!! DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!!
 Hello my dear freind i need know about that rail if good but a AK74 replica ... ?
 I 'm not going to go into a 1000 word rant . I 'm going to keep it short , honest and to the point . The 2 screws that are supposed to hold it tight strip out the stamped , that 's right I said STAMPED screw holes before it even gets remotely tight enough to keep optics zeroed . They just punched a couple of holes in the rear and threaded them . If there were nuts brazed or tacked under the mount it may be a decent product but as is , they are worthless crap . Save your money and get one of the other mounting options because this one sucks . Any cover that mounts this way is crap . NC makes some good stuff but this is not one of them .
 This seems like a good idea . An easy to install scope mount for an AK . It is fairly well made for the price and has allen head bolts to help secure it . The problem is that it is ` universal ' and does n't fit very well . At least not a Chinese MAK . It took a fair amount of time with a Dremel tool to make it half-way work , but it still was n't secure . The problem is that the receiver cover is just not a good mount for a scope . I doubt that you could ever keep it zeroed . It might be okay with a cheap red dot where close enough is acceptable , but for anything else , buy a receiver mount or use the iron sights .
 I was going to use this for a Draco pistol I recently bought but had to return the item because of major design flaws in the product itself . If you 're ambitious enough in some modification and problem solving then this product is for you . Shipping was fast as usual with amazon . The cover was rock solid , maybe to solid , the rail itself may have had too much material then actually needed for its purpose , so it was almost a pound of extra weight -LRB- 13 or 14 oz . I think -RRB- . The cover fit pretty tight at first and a few racks of the charging handed seemed to seat the cover better without any modification but did noticed the rear part of the dust cover would not fully seat properly so the cover had a little rocking and the button was binding . Anyway I headed for the range and after a couple of rounds the cover popped off ; lucky for me I brought my original , installed it and finished the day at the range . Later , careful inspection revealed that the threaded tabs -LRB- that hold the allen screws -RRB- that are tack welded at the inside of the back side of the cover was hitting the corners of the rear trunnion , and was stopping the dust cover from sitting properly -LRB- making it rock -RRB- . The treaded tabs -LRB- nuts , whatever ... -RRB- were too wide so a little grinding to the tack welded tabs or the corners of the rear trunnion was necessary to fit the cover properly , which I never got a chance to do ether because one of the tack welded tabs fell off while fiddling with the cover . Maybe building a weld then drill and tap the rear trunnion could have secured the cover better , or weaken the trunnion , do n't really know , but would have had to do a lot of work for a proper and secure fit .
 There was some modification needed to make it fit on my chinese norinco ak . The rear screws to tighten the cover need to be lossened for removal . I left those screws off the first time I went shooting and the cover moves around a bit . The cover gave me a scare because I removed the mag on the AK and a small part fell out the gun I freaked a bit trying to figure out what it was , turns out its one of the nuts tacked on the dust cover . I dont recomend this cover .
 Item came quickly and well packaged.Found a note inside saying due to differences in AK47s adjustment may be required ... it was . I had to file down the length about 1/8th of inch -LRB- trying to keep shape even -RRB- then had to close the width by 1/4 of an inch so not to have open area on both sides which resulted in wavy sides , had to bend top support down to lessen free play . Rail was not centered to barrel or iron sight . Rubber mallet helped correct . Now I have a cover that fits and is centered ... and beat to heck to acomplish.I do not reccomend this .
 This product no doubt is cheap , and the saying goes , you get what you pay for.I put it on a Saiga 7.62 ... The push button release does not fit through the hole , and takes some fitting . No big deal.I put it on the Rifle . . and the front tab does not make contact with the front sight . . so the front of the cover isnt super tight . . no big deal.I start to install the rear tightening screws . . and both holes strip out instantly . I managed to get the screws in , and as you tighten the screws down , the cover lifts up , and almost comes out of the cut out in the receiver where your orignal cover fits into nice and snug . Once it was installed and fitted , I look through to check the iron signs , and I can see the entire cover is warped to one side . It took some bending to get it to sit almost straight.You can no longer take apart your rifle without unscrewing the rear screws , and I feel like if they didnt last 1 time of screwing them in , how would they last 15-20 of taking them in and out.I am disapointed with this item , but I only paid about 20 $ for it , so its not a huge loss.If your planning on buying this , plan on buying some other screws for the rear of the cover , and re-threading the holes in the sheet-metal . Also have time and pateince in trying to make it fit your rifle . It does look nice once installed , but I would of rather paid another 30-40 $ to have a item that I didnt need to beat , hack , dremel and bend , for a '' ok '' fit .
 Even with the rear screws adjusted properly , and lock-tite used , they cover wobbles . I tried to shim the front where the wobbling was worst with copper adhesive strips and it was better , but still unacceptable . Would rate it 1 star but it was 17.00 and my expectations were n't high to begin with .
 It was a hair to long so I filed it down just a hair and it fit but thats about it . After installing , it is pretty sloppy , you must tighten screws which means that it will be almost impossible for any sights to retain zero after you have to clean it . It looks good but dont think I will leave it on . I am going to get a side mount that was meant for these guns .
 This product was no where close to fitting my wasr and insted of trying to file and risk damageing it or my rifle I sent it back for a refund and got the side rail mount which I am happy with .
 What should have been a quick and easy install became anything but . Tried to install on two AK 's with no luck . Fit was poor , seemed like the cover would not fit down on the receiver correctly.I 've used these receiver covers many times with no fitment problems whatsoever , very surprised since I have had great experiences with NC Star products . Would not recommend this item .
 Awful product you have to do some mods to it and even after that it does not fit the weapon it becomes loose every single time the weapon is shot . Do not recommend it .
 This iteam was absolute junk . I own a romanian Ak and it did not fit at all.I dont know about you but its pretty crappy when you get instructions that you might have to modifiy the iteam you just purchased.I would not recommend this iteam very cheap and not worth the trouble .
 The item did not fit . It was more than an inch too long for my Yugo AK . I cut and filed it down , but ended up cutting it down too far . Threw it out and went with a hand guard rail instead . This was a total waste of money , and I will certainly be reading be a little more careful when I am reading reviews in the future . Lesson learned I suppose .
 Easy install and I loved it . Added a scope and went to the range where I shot only 15 or so rounds before the thing fell to pieces . Might be great for a rifle that sits in a safe but it is not real world reliable . It broke without any heavy use , just target practice . Upside was I used the top rail and remounted on my old dust cover but it took a lot of work to rebuild it the right way . Dont waist your time on this product !
 I give one star for the fact it exists . Does n't fit worth a ^ # % ^ . Order a dogleg receiver cover for about $ 130 , far more worth it .
 i was reading the review of others that bought this for wasr 10/63 and was skeptical thinking that they probably got a bad product but i read the instructions and it states on the paper that minor adjustments must be done and even warns about taking off too much as well . I thought the product was a decent product for the price , i see same ones by different companies go for twice the price or even more . So keep in mind that if you are buying this , the people that bought this didnt just get a bad product and got unlucky but you will need to adjust so that this will fit on your ak variant.On a wasr 10/63 its a almost perfect fit , just like others though you will need to adjust the back lip just like any other wasr 10 owners are saying . I just hammered a bit inwards so it 'll fit into the groove where the buttstock meets the gun . it still isnt flush but theres very little wobble . also keep in mind that you do not want to screw too tight or else it 'll strip the thread clean , doesnt seem very sturdy . keep in mind also that the screws in the back will not go all the way back in , atleast not mine and i do not want to try in fear of breaking it . Overall wasr 10/63 owners will need to hammer down the lip most likely inwards for about a min or two and it should fit fine.i 'd like to add the speed of delivery was pretty quick . the purchase was made on the 9th , shipped out on 10th and recieved it earlier this afternoon -LRB- 13th -RRB- . Im not sure where it was shipped from , tracking only says `` US '' and was shipped to orlando fl . purchased from amazon.I give it a 3/5 for non wasr 10/63 owners -LRB- reviews of non wasr 10/63 owners seem pretty bad -RRB- and 4/5 for wasr 10/63 owners.UPDATE : after using the rail with my scope ... i dont like it too much , i have a cheek rest on my buttstock but the rail being too high . i cant rest my cheek on the stock and see through the scope , i can see through the iron sights ... but then whats the point of having a rail . I dont see anyone being able to rest their cheek on the cheekrest/buttstock unless you have really chubby cheeks . there are other ones that has rails lower , if your like me and like to rest your cheek on the cheekrest/buttstock then go get a different railed dust cover . Im storing this away and getting a different one . lost a star for this reason .
 put it on my I.O AK , needed some filing in order to slide on my rifle as well as mounting my scope rings.right from the get-go , i had my doubts but i figured i 'd give this product a shot.well after about 3 shots , i realized that the mount had come off and my scope was pointing high , hence the reason i could n't see where my bullets were going . removed my scope but kept the receiver cover on to prevent smoke and stuff flying on my face . well after a few more rounds , the mount popped off and smoked me right in the nose , taking a chunk of skin off and made it bleed . i furiously emptied my clip down range , and threw this piece of sh ** in the garbage .
 This scope mount Does not fit my Ak47 and does not fit any of my Friends AK 's . I do n't know what model they made it for . But the hole for the release button is to small and the hole thing is not wide enough to fit over the reaciver . I tried filleing the hole to make it bigger and I tried heating and bending it to make it wider The dimentions are just to far off . I should have returned it now its to late .
 Does not even come close to mounting properly . I own a Romanian m10 ak47 and my original receiver cover literally fits inside the ncstar .
 I bought this thinking it would be an easy-to-install mounting system . However , it has two serious problems . Firstly , it did n't fit without modifications made by filing and bending -LRB- it should have fit on my Egyptian Maadi as they are identical to Russian models -RRB- . But the worst thing about this is that the receiver cover is n't a solid mounting area . It moves slightly and even the slightest movement will completely ruin your sights ' zero . I ca n't trust a system that does n't hold zero . What I eventually went with was having a gunsmith install a side plate then getting a detachable slide mount to put on that ; and it works perfectly . Anyone concerned about accuracy will stay away from this item , and that should be everyone .
 This was bought to add an aftermarket scope . The dust cover fits perfectly but now that I have a scope mounted , its completely loose and unstable . There 's no accurate was to get the piece tight enough to keep it from moving or shaking . This means the scope is completely off . When shooting at 100 yards , an inch is a matter of feet . No description was provided that this may occur before buying . I would not recommend this piece to anyone who is looking for a stable position . Wasted money .
 It seemed like a good idea . However , after I put in on , it started jammimg my AK about every 2-3 rds . I fiddled with it for about an hour . With and without the scope . But once I put on my OEM dust cover , it shot like a champ . If you want to add a scope for your AK , go with the side mount .
 Screw holes / bolts , on the back of dust cover mount - do not even remotely lign-up , to keep the scope mount secure , or sturdy . DO NOT buy this ! This is the second NcStar product I have purchased , that turned out to be Junk . Never again .
 I put this on an I.O. Inc Ak47 with an Eotech 512 optic . I took it out to the range and after firing 10 rounds , the front piece broke off . I was able to continue shooting , but the rifle would not hold a zero . The two screws used to tighten it to the receiver would not stay in place . Very disappointed . I 'm going to try a side mount and see if I have any better luck .
 I had to do a lot of filing to make this dust cover fit my everyday stamped WASR 10 . more trouble then it was worth in my opinion
 didnt fit even after filing to try to make it fit waste of money should have got side mount rail
 This cover was to small . It did not fit my CYMA AK47 . Make sure that you measure first before you buy this item . oh and make sure that its for your model AK47 .
 Either this is a factory second or the quality of plano tackle boxes has really gone down hill . We are very disapointed about the finish of this box . Yes it will still do its job I hope , but not what I expected from Plano .
 First of all , this is a very nice tackle box , it 's quite large with loads of space to hold things . I bought this for beading supplies , not tackle gear and it 's perfect for it.It arrived today , unfortunately two of the plastic cases are cracked and missing small pieces along the back . For the price I find that to be unacceptable .
 When looking at the photo 's you see in one where you get 3 individual top plastic holders , and on the bottom you get 4 plastic drawers , and 1 plastic box that tucks in the side . Also according to some reviews this is what you get . But , if you read the fine print this is not what you get , and this is not what I got , my tackle box only came with 1 top plastic container , and had nothing inside of the bottom corner piece . When you read the small print it says you get 1-3500 storage piece and 4-3701 storage pieces , and nothing else . So I 'm disappointed with this as I was expecting more . Aside from these misses pieces , the color of the box is more of a brown color , not the lighter grey you see in the pictures . Different color -1 star , two missing pieces -2 stars . I like to get what I intended to purchase , not a victim of bait and switch . Overall , I do love the box , and will put it to good use , and hopefully catch some nice fish , after I go buy some extra storage pieces .
 the bottom right storage box was missing . Otherwise the product is excellent , this is the 2nd one I have bought .
 quality is not as expected . Very thin and not made well . We will be sending this back .
 decided not to keep the partner . Missed fact it is aluminum cast and smaller tan what I expected . Bought a rockchicker for $ 135 at local vendor . This will last my lifetime and my grandson 's .
 I ordered these blankets on December 5 . They were scheduled to be delivered between 12/10 and 12/28 , but they never came . I emailed BK Industries TWICE and got no reply to either email . Amazon returned my money with no problems . I did see that other people had problems with this company -LRB- I should n't have bothered ordering from them -RRB- and I urged Amazon to reconsider allowing BK Industries to sell items on their site . I hope they make some changes .
 I orderd these on Dec 6 from BK Industries . They charged my credit card but never sent them . These people are total crooks , do not buy this item from Amazon . Until Amazon can step up and get rid of crooks like these I will never buy anything from any vendor other than Amazon again .
 I 'd rate it if they sent me the item pictured in the advertisement . What I received was something different , made in China Dukal Corp. . Survival Wrap . It appears I am not the only one who was mislead . So the one star is for the seller Medical Products Depot .
 Unless you are a munchkin you will not be able to wrap this completely around yourself . The whole point of a space blanket , which does n't generate any heat of its own , is to keep your body heat from escaping , so you must be able to get a pretty good closure . The more of you that is exposed to the air , the less effective this product will be at doing what it says it does .
 I would love to review this product but ca n't . You see , I never received it . I should have read a few more reviews of BK Industries before I ordered anything from them . They have taken the money for the purchase from my bank account -LRB- debit card -RRB- , but never sent the blankets . I would not recommend buying anything from this company . A bargain is n't a bargain when they ultimately cheat you ! I recommend you buy this product from any company but BK Industries ! Amazon should delete them from their site !
 I ordered them on 12/4/10 for Christmas presents and as of today 1/7/11 , i still do n't have them . I hope to get them before next Christmas !!!!
 where are the blankets ?? never got them in the mail or it was stolen ;--LRB- I have emailed the seller 3 times -- nothing from them at all !!! Im not happy with the seller at all because they never responded ...
 I bought these blankets 2 1/2 years ago and had n't had occasion to use one . It 's a good thing . I opened one today to use as a ground sheet . The reflective lining was missing over most of the blanket , The -LRB- very thin -RRB- film stuck together making it impossible to unfold without tearing . It was completely unusable as an emergency blanket , I 'm glad I checked one . The rest will go in the trash .
 Recommended not to purchase . TH product isnt a very good quality and build type . I returned mine and purchased another one from a local store .
 The product I received was good and adequate but it was not the product offered .
 TO THIS DATE I AVE NEVER RECEIVED THIS THIS PRODUCT !! . THIS IS PAID FOR AND NO NOTICES RECEIVED . PLEASE SEND MY PRODUCT . THESE WERE FOR CHRISTMAS . SUSAN SULLIVAN EMERGENCY THERMAL BLANKETS 4 PACK
 I did not receive the Quake Kare Emergency Thermal Blankets that I ordered . Because I had read from previous reviews that BP Supplies have played Bait and Switch before , I made a screen shot of the order page before I ordered showing that I was being promised , specifically , Quake Kare blankets . These are a well known brand and of very good quality.Instead I receive a cheap , knockoff - Ever Dixie `` no-name '' brand Emergency Blankets from China . I know absolutely nothing about this brand . They 're going in the trash . They look very , very cheap and I sure would n't trust my safety to these , And as I told the representative at Amazon , this Bait and Switch is especially reprehensible on BPs part because these are Emergency supplies and someone could loose their life from using an unknown , inferior or faulty product in an Emergency . This is serious business.For those of you who have been ripped off by BP Supplies before with their Bait and Switch , I would strongly encourage you to report this directly to Amazon . It does n't matter if you just write it in a review that you 've been ripped off . You have to speak with an Amazon rep who forwards that info to the powers that be who determine which companies are allowed to sell on their site . And if enough customers complain , BP Medical Supplies will not be allowed to sell on Amazon 's site and continue to rip off people.For those of you who have never ordered from BP Medical Supplies - STAY AWAY - THEY ARE BAIT AND SWITCH SCAM ARTISTS . I am very disappointed and very , very angry .
 Product received was not Quake Care and it was not made from Mylar . The blankets I received were `` similar '' to the ones pictured .
 I ordered 4 Quake Kare Emergency , Item 3AQK-4P , Thermal Blankets and received 4 EverDixie Rescue blankets . I thoroughly researched the Quake Kare product and am not happy with the substitution .
 Same problem as the other bad reviews . They say you will get Quakecare mylar , but what you get is Everdixie rescue blanket , which is aluminized non-stretch polyester . I just hope they hold up when I really need them . Maybe i 'll use 1 and see how it holds up and update my review if it 's totally horrible .
 The seller seems to be doing this with everyone . They are advertising Quakekare blankets and sending cheeper ones ... total junk . They must think somone wont complain because the price is low .
 This is a cheap item so I ca n't complain too much . The item depicted is the `` Quake Kare '' space blanket , `` Made in U.S.A. '' , with colorful packaging.Some of the reviews said that this type of space blanket was thicker and more durable than the others , so I ordered some . I received a clear plastic package with a small white label stating `` space blankets '' and the Amazon part number . No colorful label , no `` Quake Kare '' , No `` Made in U.S.A. '' . So , I contacted the seller and they said `` This is an item which we team up with Amazon to provide you . It actually ships from their warehouse although we are the seller . Because of this , we have to forward you to Amazon customer service to take care of the issue . `` No joy . Would not order from these guys again . It 's a small item , so it 's not worth packing it up and returning to Amazon .
 Did not receive the premium quality Made in USA `` Quake Kare '' brand that I ordered paid for , I got `` PRIMACARE '' blanket MADE IN CHINA from seller universalmedical instead . Unacceptable bait and switch by this seller . Amazon took it back though .
 This vendor is a total fraud . I never received the items I ordered . I went on their reviews board and it turns out that they are scamming people as a false business . Do not do any business with these criminals .
 well when i got this in the mail it was alot smaller than what it looked liek in the pic beffore i ordered it.it also was a slow delivery as well not impressed at all
 I ordered my first XG-55 watch in January 2006 and it arrived DOA . Nothing worked and new batteries did not help . I should have taken this as an omen . Instead , I called the company and requested a replacement . The replacement arrived and appeared to work . Well , everything except the outside temperature reading . I never did get that function to work . Anyway , I can tell the difference between cold and hot so I was not concerned . The altimeter is one function that did seem to work . At least I was able to compare the readout with posted elevations when I was skiing and the two were usually close . The weather prediction function gives spotty results . I would not rely on it . The barometer does not track pressure changes very well and that probably contributes to the inaccurate weather predictions . After 16 months , the illuminator has failed . Oh , it lights up in the dark but it obliterates all of the lettering . So , I have a bright , blank screen . My experience with customer service has been less than satisfactory -LRB- see below -RRB- so I plan to just toss this piece of junk and try another brand.One other thing . When the first watch failed , customer service said they would send a replacement and instructions to return the faulty watch . The replacement watch came but not the instructions . I waited patiently . No instructions . Then , my credit card was charged for a second watch and shipping because I failed to return the broken watch . Color me confused . After another call , I finally got instructions and returned the original broken watch . I was credited for the watch but not the shipping . I was too worn down by the experience with customer service to bother protesting any further . I just ate the shipping charge.Bottom line
 My wife bought me this watch because I said I had to have it . However when it arrived I noticed it looked and felt like a watch a child would own . I 'm saying it felt like a cheap plastic toy on my wrist . It reminded me of something Lego would make for kids or Transformers , but sadly this watch does n't transform into something cool . I love La Crosse Technology and I 'm confident the watches ability to measure nature is precise , but the shell its in is weak.I love the watches functions , but hate the way it 's made . I hope the company re-releases this model , making it more durable to stand up to the elements it measures .
 I purchased the XG-55 -LRB- as a replacement -RRB- prior to an adventure race . We did n't use it in that race and the next time I needed it was several months later . The battery had died and a new battery would not revive the watch/altimeter . Once I finally reached customer support , they just told me ... ` Sorry . Yeah that can happen . Tough luck . Bye '
 Do n't go swimming with this watch . I went swimming with this watch on and water got in to the display . I called and wanted to get it replaced and La Crosse told me that it is not covered under the warranty . They wanted $ 40.00 to fix the watch .
 I recently purchased this watch for my husband . It was advertised as water resistant to 50 ft. + He wore it into the water at Bahia Honda in Florida for a total of 1 1/2 hours and it stopped working . When we took it to watch repair they said they 'd never seen such a bad case of rust and it could n't be repaired . We were able to return it and get our money back . Buyer beware .
 Within the first month I had to replace this product because it had condensation on the inside . The customer service told me that it is not water resistant despite the logo of a guy swimming on the back of the watch and `` 30 feet water resistant '' . Just this week , after having been very careful not to get it wet , and taking it off before jumping in the shower , the new watch got more condensation in it and stopped working . It must have been the steam in the shower !! Terrible buy . I wish they would reimburse the purchase or issue a recall . This is not something an American company should be producing .
 Found this watch to have cool features and easy to setup . Easy to use.Only problem is the information it gives was not always right ! Altitude was close but varied from 30 ' to 170 ' OFF . Barometer was never right and calibrated correctly . maybe works better staying outside . Commercial buildings are pressurized , could be the issue ??? Temp was as instructed , must be removed from wrist for several minutes to get ambient temperature ; that was accurate . Compass was jerky and hard to settle down , not fluid-like movement but accurate outside . Compass was also too sensitive , would not work near metal i.e. in the vehicle or aircraft , near other electronics . Oh and the watch keeps good time :{ -RRB- I returned mine to upgrade to better quality and accuracy . If you 're just looking for it to be close , this is a good watch for the price .
 Too many functions and the instructions were unclear and in some cases very confusing . I ended up giving the watch to my 16 year old grandson .
 It is sad not to recommend this wonderful watch . It has great features and design . The price is very good also . So what 's wrong ? Wear it in the shower once and it 's ruined despite being marked water resistant to 100ATM . LaCrosse says their warranty does not cover damage from water leaking in because they say it is not waterproof and should not get wet . Duh ? Then why do they advertise `` water resistant '' as a feature ? Lacrosse customer service told me not to believe what it says on the watch or the specs . The reality is the watch ca n't get wet . And I ca n't recommend it . At least it has a weather indicator so I know when it 's gon na rain .
 I had this watch for a few months , and feature wise it meets all my expectations , but I snagged it in my backpack the other day and the strap with the pins came off . No big deal I thought , I 'll just snap it back in - that 's when I noticed that the strap holder had ripped through the PLASTIC casing and was thus unrepairable . Over the few months I have had it , it has also discolored badly on the fake metal casing . Great features , poor build quality . Not recommended .
 I received this watch as a gift after reviewing several others . The display is very good . The altimiter is usually way off and varies greatly even remaining in the same position . It is a little difficult to make use of all the watch 's features . I am very concerned the watch is stamped on the back `` water resistant '' but new reports are showing it is not . In fact if it is NOT , we have been misled by the manufacturer . Overall , I can not recommend this watch
 This watch 's altimeter did not funtion correctly ; I live on the ocean so I could calibrate it to sea level , five minutes later it would read -89 feet or something rediculous . It had to be reset all the time . Customer service was no help as they did not know how to work the functions on the watch . Wait for the bugs to be worked out beofre purchasing this item . Also , this watch was rated for 100 feet but flooded at 30 feet .
 This watch was great until last Friday . I awoke to my display foggy . I emailed La Crosse who then told me that it should not touch water at all . However it is the `` adventure series . '' I am highly disapointed , La Crosse basically told me `` oh well . '' I will not be purchasing any La Crosse products in the future until their customer service has been talked to .
 I was really disappointed with this watch . It is cheaply built , inaccurate , hard to use and hard to figure out . Mine just stopped dead after a few weeks . It is also too large to be comfortable on the wrist . Never again !
 Doesnt work . I threw it in the Garbage after a week . It varies day by day and never consistent . Dont waste your time .
 Received this item only to find that it would not function . I should have known better , seemed gimmicky but if they make phones do everything they do ... this did n't seem to out there . Pile of junk !
 I like this belt OK . It looks good . But I needed it to help support carry of a 1911 . It is not a bad belt , it is just not thick or firm enough to carry something heavy . Not good for the purpose for which I bought it .
 Bianchi has been around and is well known for thier gun leather , so I mistakenly thought this belt would be appropriate and provide adequate support for use with a concealed carry , outside the waitband holster . Not so.This belt is made in Mexico . Leather thickness varies from .133 '' to .155 '' . After a month of wear , the belt is sagging and showing areas of ripples and weakened areas in the leather . I 'm not overweight -LRB- waist 33 , 6 ' 1 '' tall -RRB- , so I 'm not putting any undue or unusual stresses on the belt.If you are looking for a belt for utility use , to carry a weapon or other tools that may weigh more than a cell phone - - this ai n't it . Bianchi has outsourced their product and quality .
 The belt seems nice enough . I 'm not sure what qualifies it as a belt to be used for carry . It 's not any heavier than any of the other `` normal '' belts I have -LRB- although it is more expensive -RRB- . As one other reviewer mentioned it is also `` oranger '' than it appears to be on the website . Sizing also appears to be smaller than normal . It 's not awful , but not what I needed , so back it goes .
 Digital display and functions are o.k. However , watch itself is bulky , of cheap construction , and sits very high when wearing . Nowhere on either the watch or packaging is written the place of origin . This wristwatch is not up to typically high Accusplit standards .
 I have spent a fair amount of time to try to get the stopwatch to work and it is not at all intuitive or easy to use . Even the directions are not that easy to understand .
 I am not sure if the watch is the product that I was looking for . My Grandson runs cross country and I was trying to find a timing device that he could use to check his time as he trains . He has not started his summer training at this time so it is hard to tell if he will be able to use it.It is hard to give a good review number to the item as it has not been used yet
 This pistol is junk . Shoddy craftsmanship . Very low power . I shot myself in the hand at point blank range and it did n't hurt or leave a mark . It says 200fps but the cheap plastic bbs droop after about 20 ft. It 's great to shoot at target paper from about 15 feet away , anything after that and accuracy goes away . I recommend yo spend your money on a better gun . Oh well , you get what you pay for . 20 dollars worth of plastic junk .
 it is ok but i hated it doesnt go very fast it doesnt hurt wen u get hit wich sux its not acurt it breaks really easy and it doesnt even look cool if ur thinkin bout buyin it save more money and get a toris
 The travel pack arrived promptly and apparently in good condition . My problem is that is had a very strong odor . I ca n't describe it other than it 's maybe a chemical smell that is emitted from the plastic ? I am very sensistive to odors and could n't imagine all my son 's clothes smelling like this bag while we were on vacation . I ca n't say if this was an anomaly . I do know that I once bought a cheap set of luggage from a department store and one of the 5 pieces ended up having the same odor . I thought it was because I had left something wet in it and tried everything to get the odor out , dousing it with Febreze , to no avail . Since my experience showed that the odor would not eventually dissipate , I thought it best to return the travel pack .
 Did not fit right . Ended up giving them to my brother , who likes them . They were very boxy shorts .
 This basket was just what I wanted . Unfortunately , it was packaged poorly and arrived damaged . I sewed twine all the way around the rim for reinforcement , but pieces of straw still keep falling off . The varnish is uneven , part of the basket is unfinished and part is a yellowed varnish . The leather straps seem old and dusty particals keep coming off in my hands . I 'll be surprised if it lasts more than a few weeks . Go for the upgrade ! This is junk .
 This basket is just for looks . You cant put anything over 5 pounds in this basket without it seeming like it will break . . not worth it
 This basket is not ideal for heavy stuff . Only get it to look good on a bike or carry light stuff.For me , it did n't even last a year . The straps started to stretch and break off , then the straws of the basket start to break .
 This basket is perfect except they did n't send me any straps , just the basket ! After I FINALLY figured out how to call someone at Amazon to tell them they could n't find any number to call the manufacturing company to get me the straps . Amazon told me to return the basket for a refund and I will probably reorder the basket because it is exactly what I need , but hopefully I get straps this time ! Figuring out how to call Amazon is a major pain !
 I 've ordered a front bike basket . but I 've got a disk pad . what 's wrong with me ? what are the sellers thinking about . . when they are sending some things ... I do n't understand it . I 'd wanted to save my time . so I 'd ordered through online site.by the way they 've made me waste my time . I 'll never order things through this !!
 I suspect the highly positive reviews here are from employees of this company . This basket is extremely fragile
 Purchased this item expecting a double draw shoulder holster and what I got was a single draw shoulder holster with an additional clip holster . Unfortunately this item was needed for a job coming up and the single holster will not do . Very unhappy as I had high hopes based off the review score and description . Be aware what you receive may not be what is described .
 Multiple flaws clip holders backwards stitched all the way up and together not a very good buy at all totally sucks I guess you get what you pay for but man buy the time you pay shipping I could have went to a gun store and got a descent one for 5 more dollars
 I saw mixed reviews and thought for the price I would take a chance.That was a mistake . I received the item quickly -LRB- 2 days -RRB- however once I opened the product Both Holsters were all but sewn shut . There is no way to place a weapon in either side . Both the top and the bottom of each holster has an opening about 1 inch only . It would appear this manufacture has no quality control at all . The item is now being returned for a refund as a replacement was not an option for this particular item.Please do not waste your time even at this price the product is not worth it as it just does not serve the intended purpose .
 This is a cheap peice of s *** . First you ca n't get a squirt gun in the holster , second if you can afford two gun do n't be this cheap ! uncle mike has a cross holster for $ 35.00 thats very nice
 Maybe it 's bad wording , but this is NOT a dual holster . It 's a single holster , the other sides holds clips.Already had one like that so am dissapointed . The holster it self is fine and as you would expect for the price , just is not what I thought I was getting .
 As everyone is stating that was disappointed , this is NOT A DUAL Holster.The picture if very misleading and the wording is worse . Thankfully , this was a gift to someone else , and perhaps I can use it . ------ NOT DUAL HOLSTER -------
 mine came in sown completely together and you could n't even put a gun into it . Horrible choice for a shoulder holster .
 The Item I recieved was not what I ordered . I ordered a Double draw shoulder holster and got a single draw with a magazine holder !
 Double , makes me think of two . There is one holster and one magazine clip . This is not a double holster . The quality seems very good , but the description gets a zero .
 This is my 1st ever review ; After reading the reviews on this item , I purchased it . Well , I tried it on and after many adjustments made , I was going to wear it around the house 1st before out in pubic . Very wise move on my part . About an hour or so , the back of my neck strap came loose and both my glocks fell beside my legs on both sides . Grateful that the straps held them in place ! After a few more things happen , I just took the holsters off and put them to better use and did away with all the other junk . After all of this , I asked myself , did these other people that wrote the reviews buy the same item that I did ?
 Described as 14 x 8.9 x 2 inches . Measures about 14 x 8.5 x 1.25 inches . Therefore can not serve the purpose for which I bought it . Just a source of annoyance over what I thought was a simple purchase .
 I like this belt OK . It looks good . But I needed it to help support carry of a 1911 . It is not a bad belt , it is just not thick or firm enough to carry something heavy . Not good for the purpose for which I bought it .
 Bianchi has been around and is well known for thier gun leather , so I mistakenly thought this belt would be appropriate and provide adequate support for use with a concealed carry , outside the waitband holster . Not so.This belt is made in Mexico . Leather thickness varies from .133 '' to .155 '' . After a month of wear , the belt is sagging and showing areas of ripples and weakened areas in the leather . I 'm not overweight -LRB- waist 33 , 6 ' 1 '' tall -RRB- , so I 'm not putting any undue or unusual stresses on the belt.If you are looking for a belt for utility use , to carry a weapon or other tools that may weigh more than a cell phone - - this ai n't it . Bianchi has outsourced their product and quality .
 The belt seems nice enough . I 'm not sure what qualifies it as a belt to be used for carry . It 's not any heavier than any of the other `` normal '' belts I have -LRB- although it is more expensive -RRB- . As one other reviewer mentioned it is also `` oranger '' than it appears to be on the website . Sizing also appears to be smaller than normal . It 's not awful , but not what I needed , so back it goes .
 This item 's dimentions are incorrect in the description it is only 2 inches deep not 3 inches . Other than that it is a quality plano product .
 It 's ok , but not very easy to work with . Dividers are hard to put in and take out . The biggest problem is getting smaller items out of it . You have to turn it upside down or use a magnet sometimes . Not convenient .
 Half as useful as it should be since I did not receive enough dividers for even half the compartments in the box .
 This item shows two pics , one is a different model . I received the second of the two pics . Disappointing to say the least . The item in the first pic is a great box and features a double sealing rim which seals really well . The item I got only has a single rim , which means it does not seal well at all . The latches also do not lock down as well . Basically , do n't order this item unless you want to 50/50 on what item you actually get . Could be the good one , could be the not so good one . I would return it but time is tight .
 in the first week i have a problems with the stopwatch-dont workwork everything less the cronograph
 not very happy with the product , had to return itit was dammaged too , not likely to buy it again
 this muzzle brake does not fit tight and wiggles . i removed it from my barrel and feel that it is unsafe with the a possibility of the projectile striking it . dont waste your money .
 ... 3 weeks ago i was surfing for an invicta for my birthday and happen to see this invicta 0089 , my wife likes blue so i choose it in a heartbeat and ordered one first . a few days later , i bought mine a russian diver . today nov 21 , just picked up my package at the local post office . packing was great . so i check the watch which looks ok to me , and adjusted the bracelet for my wifes wrist size . i would have never noticed it until she told me `` wow ! its really light ! . . '' so there it had me thinking coz i was expecting her to notice it to be a little bit heavier compared to her other smaller watches ... i looked at it more closely now , everything is the same but noticed the common markings like the ` swiss , movt , water resistant , 100meters , 330ft ' were ` nt there in the front face . even the logo at the back is different compared to the one posted . so did i just bought a fake invicta ??? i believe i got one , and it pains me coz i 'm getting fond of buying here in amazon . the products should be as in the photos they publish which i believe then that i was buying . i like the watch design and so does my wife . TimeZone123 was the shipper and seller , the product was in amazons website so who 's at fault here ? amazon is my go to online shop now , i turned my back on ebay because of fake products now its on amazon too ? tough luck for me ... what i got was not the one i saw i was buying .
 This is another fly by night workout machine that looks great in the pictures and on videos but when you take it out of the box , you realize that it is poorly and cheaply constructed . I own a ton of excerise equipment and this is the only piece of equipment I have had to return ... I have purchased so much on the internet this past year and have been very happy with all of my products . That is until I purchased this Ab-Doer which was a TOTAL waste of time and money.The tension on the arms of the unit is way too flimsy and loose ... The foam around the arms is also very cheap foam in fact my daughter used it `` once '' and there was already a small chunk of foam that came off the unit ... She does not even have long nails ... The bars that connect the seat to the bottom of the unit stay in place ok when your on it , but they do not lock in the base when your not on it so if you pick-up the unit to move it , it collapses ... What 's really bad is the so called back massager that is located on the main area of the center stem . It does nothing but hurt your back and is worthless ... Even adjusting the bar for different heights is a joke ... It 's a screw , not a quick disconnect ... This is one of those products that make a ton of money by mass advertising but will quickly fad out fast unless there are MAJOR changes done to this unit ... It 's sad when you watch some of those excercise info-mercials that have all these people with great bodies that may be fooling you into believing that the products really work ... I could n't find any reviews on these until now ... I will never again buy a product without reading reviews from the customer themselves . We are the best source of honesty on the market ... Save your money or just do some sit-ups and leg raises if you can ... They work SOOOOO MUCH BETTER than this product !!! If you do some searching , you will see some of the BAD reviews about this product that are coming in ... Based on Amazon 's review rules , I can not list where I read them from ... Have a Great day everyone !!!
 Well the arm rests will not stay in their holsters . . they flop around so you can not get maximum impact from the machine . i am totaly disappointed with this machine .
 This was a horrible product , it was difficult to manuever and control . It did nothing but immediately cause my arms , shoulders and wrists to hurt . I felt absolutely nothing at all in the target area , my stomach . Not even a little . It was boring and pointless to bother.This machine was a waste of time to ship back and forth and I do not recomend it to anyone who wants to work their stomach muscles . Its a misleading product and very uncomfortable on the back also . It hurt my spine to bend in the way they said . I felt the machine digging into my spine . I was so focused on the pain and the pain in my arms I could not continue for more than 5 minutes at a time . Dont waste your time buying this product . Its expensive and not worth it .
 This thing is a piece of junk and honestly these people should be ashamed of themselves , even the exercise dvd that comes with the machine makes it look like a good workout , except that the equipment doesnt flow smoothly like it does on the infomercial or in the dvd , its stiff and uncomfortable and the `` mesasger '' hurts . I dont think I will ever watch late night informercials again , I have learned an expensive lesson .
 I bought the Abdoer Twist and within 40 days the main tension spring broke.I had a very hard time convincing service representatives -LRB- many more than a few calls -RRB- that they had a defective product and I expected a replacement spring . They continually said that this occurred outside the 30 day warranty period . I finally convinced them to send a new Spring at no charge even though they wanted to charge me more money.Well , guess what ! It broke again in the very same place.The machine does n't provide a very effective workout to begin with , but I 'm not even going to try and get it replaced again because I 'm sure I 'll just get the run-around again.Headed for the dump.Do yourself a favor.Don ' t purchase this piece of # * @ ^ !
 I used it for a few days and all I got was a backache ! Get an exercise ball and do crunches or the Gaiam ball , or Abdominal straps !
 when I have this product I am so happy to have a dream work out my abs it look nice an achieving then something goes wrong I felt this is not working for me . I need to do something more exercise , so I go to the gym to do more work out with my abs it work fast than this product . It massage my spine not actually massaging my muscle which is bad for my bones -LRB- spine -RRB- it hurts . It end up displaying on my living room an I just let my wife use it when she feel like it . It 's worthless , the gym gives my abs in shape fast with all the different variety of machine . If you want to focus on your abs just manage your waste not the pounds .
 Great idea , poor execution . At least that 's been my experience . I used the paddle option for a CC @ belt line . Within 15 minutes it was broken . Not broken in , like when you practice the draw with an empty magazine , just broken . As in retaining pin fell out , spring went somewhere downrange , and pressing the trigger release button gets you nothing.The quick fix is to super-glue the pin back in AFTER you have ground off the retaining nub that sticks into the trigger well . Sound like a good experience to you ? It works , but only as a LEVEL 1 -LRB- no retention -RRB- . I 'll see if I can get another , but I 'm not sure why I 'd want one . Take your time researching this holster , and all BLACKHAWK SERPA system products . Some ranges wo n't let you use BH SERPA holsters . Too many self inflicted wounds . Which ought to tell you something.Google this : blackhawk serpa issues . Definitely NOT for the noob shooter .
 they sent me the wrong item i asked for the carbon fiber 5 &#34; holster i got a plain black 4 &#34; holster . then they say too bad you have to wait . even tho i ordered it in proper time allowing them to ship it . i waited forever and got the wrong item . so i had to go to a competition with the wrong holster
 I was sent a left handed holster when I ordered a right handed holster . I have no means of sending mail back because of my loction in Afghanistan . I have complained twice on this specific order and still heard nothing from the seller . Very dissatisfied with the product and service .
 This holster was terrible guns sits loose and rattles around constantly , and to top it off holster broke within 2 weeks .
 There are serious issues with these holsters . If debris gets into the retention mechanism the holster becomes inoperable . There are also numerous accidental and negligent discharge incidents that have resulted in self inflicted gunshot wounds . Be aware that many ranges , agencies and trainers now ban the Serpa from their ranges , and or programs . Almost all of these incidents occur using the belt and paddle mounted system -LRB- except the debris issue -RRB- . I would highly recommend buying a Safariland ALS or SLS system if you require or desire an OWB retention holster . Safariland has been on the cutting edge of retention holsters for decades and is the preferred choice of most elite LE and military units .
 I recenetly purchased a holster from this site for one of the firearms i have to use for my work duties . At first i was very happy with the website and how easy the ordering and process went . Then i received a broken holster that did not retain or lock the firearm in place as it was supposed to . I called to see about returning the holster for one that was functional . This is where my problems began . I have gone back and forth trying to get a working holster and to date i still do not have a functional holster . I was mailed back the broken holster because i did not send the box back with it . This is my first and last time shopping this way . It would be easier to pay a little bit more and get a functional product .
 Ordered BlackHawk CQC -LRB- tm -RRB- Carbon Fiber Holster Matte Finish Beretta 92 / 96 , BLACK , RH . Received a holster that looked different than the one depicted , fake CF versus a matte black finish.Reordered
 I think this holster fails in concealment . With the paddle , the holster holds the firearm such that the grip is several inches away from the body and angles the barrel in towards the leg . With the grip away from the body it makes it nearly impossible to `` conceal '' . There is a huge `` shelf '' at your side.It might not bother me so much , but it is called `` Close Quarters Concealment '' or `` Serpa Concealment '' . I bought one for both my small Glock 26 and my large hunting G20 . I have no expectations of hiding an external holster under a t-shirt , but still want something that is less than immediately obvious when wearing a jacket . My purpose in getting these was for active outdoor activities such as hunting where I wanted something more comfortable than an in the waistband type . My past experience is with a Fobus paddle holster . The Fobus holds the firearm more or less at the opposite angle . The grip is pulled in towards the body and fits in the hollow of the hip and the barrel pointed slightly away from the leg -LRB- sounds safer too -RRB- . Clothing can now more nicely drape over the firearm and holster . Also , my G26 jiggles front to back a little regardless how tight I have the adjustment screw.I really wanted to like this model . The build quality seems nice . The locking mechanism seems great . It seems like a good step forward in many directions , but takes one or two backwards with respect to having a small footprint and conceal ability . If you are into production level action shooting , this might be a great option for you as the draw is smooth and easy . The belt loop attachment looks like it might hold the firearm in a more vertical position , but still a little more offset than say the Fobus . The Fobus is n't perfect either , just using that as my reference . The holster does have some great features , but it just does not do what I need it to do . Maybe it will be better for you . Cheers !
 This does not fit the Sig P250 G2 with the flat accessory rail . Blackhawk knows this and does not make one for the newer P250 's . I do not understand why I have to pay the shipping fees to return when Blackhawk says it fits all P250 's with and without rails .
 I ordered a left handed holster and received a right handed holster . When I contacted the company they said because left handed people wear the holster on the right -LRB- this was a christmas present I took their word for it -RRB- . Not true ! my son-in-law wanted a left handed holster . I do n't like to order on line and not receive what I want .
 Got this a few weeks back and I have to say I was very disappointed . It 's all plastic and only fully covers the left side -LRB- the side you see in the picture -RRB- . The other side is only flush with the marker . It 's very flimsy and flops around on the barrel ... just pure junk . For the price I expected something much better , this plastic piece of junk could be sold in a toy store for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks tops .
 The tent was n't the easiest to set up , but not impossible to do so . Like another review said , with practice it becomes easier . I really loved this tent when I first set it up and then again when we went camping over a long weekend . The space was fantastic and received several positive comments from other campers in the area on its looks . The screen porch was great , too . You can leave the back 4 points of the fly attached and pull the front portion over to give you even more open air in the screen room without taking anything away from the appearance of the tent . The door zippers kept getting stuck , and while very easy to get unstuck , was still a bit of a pain . Still though , I was feeling like I had made a pretty solid choice with this tent . Until , that is ... the rain began . Not a fierce , heavy rain by any means . Just a mild , but continuous rain that lasted for several hours during the night . Woke up to find the tent leaking through just about every seam . We had 3 twin inflatable mattresses -LRB- with sheets on them -RRB- in the back part that had become thoroughly wet on any side that was touching a tent wall . The tent was leaking around the windows , doors , and small storage pockets . In the front portion of the tent where we had stored our gear there was about an 1/8 '' of water . Our clothes and other gear were soaked . Luckily , this occurred on our last night , so our trip was n't completely ruined . However , after calling Amazon on my return home they are hooking me up with a refund which I 'll use towards a more weatherproof tent . If you can avoid camping in foul weather -LRB- impossible for me -RRB- , then it is a great tent . I 'm going back to the Eureka Bitterroot I had before . While not quite as big as this tent , it kept me and my family completely dry through several very damp and rainy camping trips .
 I have owned two of these lights . The hinge on the first one broke on me when I was in the Middle of New Mexico , and I thought I did something wrong . I bought the second one the day I got off the trail , and it did not even last a month before the hinge broke . I think the light is a great idea , with its lightweight design and how bright it is , but it does not hold up under normal use
 I 've used this for about a year now . It is my second headlamp , but now I need a third . I got back from camping last weekend and noticed that my headlamp had broken into pieces and is unrepairable . I think I 'm going to buy a Petzl .
 I have owned two of these lights . The hinge on the first one broke on me when I was in the Middle of New Mexico , and I thought I did something wrong . I bought the second one the day I got off the trail , and it did not even last a month before the hinge broke . I think the light is a great idea , with its lightweight design and how bright it is , but it does not hold up under normal use
 I 've used this for about a year now . It is my second headlamp , but now I need a third . I got back from camping last weekend and noticed that my headlamp had broken into pieces and is unrepairable . I think I 'm going to buy a Petzl .
 PROS
 While it might some idiotic , I actually cut myself very badly while using this Swiss Army Hunter . The large blade is great when it is in the open position but when you close the blade it is quite forceful . If you are not careful it will swing back and put a nice deep gash in your left index finger . Basically you have to ensure that you have a good grip on the large blade while closing it . I much prefer Leatherman or Gerber multi tools that have the feature of just `` push '' closing . Other than the large blade swing back , the rest of the tools are great .
 I wanted to get some sports type shorts , but for me , they were a bit too short . The material is also thinner than most good quality shorts so if you 're looking for longer lasting materials , this would n't be the best pick . I now use these shorts for swimming in and they 're fine . I do n't wear them to work out in though .
 quality is fine , light weight , but transparent ! Do n't wear underwear in dark colors ! That 'll make you embarrassed in gym ! The color is also too light , not like pink , but white .
 Received wrong shorts . Ordered Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and received Adidas Women 's Squadra II shorts . Very disappointed . Even now , we are being asked to review the Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and the `` Item being reviewed '' picture is the Adidas Women 's Squadra II Shorts . I 'm very confused . Sorry ca n't give feedback on either shorts as the one we received does not fit anyone in the household .
 I wanted to get some sports type shorts , but for me , they were a bit too short . The material is also thinner than most good quality shorts so if you 're looking for longer lasting materials , this would n't be the best pick . I now use these shorts for swimming in and they 're fine . I do n't wear them to work out in though .
 quality is fine , light weight , but transparent ! Do n't wear underwear in dark colors ! That 'll make you embarrassed in gym ! The color is also too light , not like pink , but white .
 Received wrong shorts . Ordered Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and received Adidas Women 's Squadra II shorts . Very disappointed . Even now , we are being asked to review the Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and the `` Item being reviewed '' picture is the Adidas Women 's Squadra II Shorts . I 'm very confused . Sorry ca n't give feedback on either shorts as the one we received does not fit anyone in the household .
 25.4 mm -LRB- 1-inch -RRB- is the quill size -LRB- insertion part of the stem -RRB- for a fork that has an outer diameter of 1 +1 / 8 inch . Yes it 's hard to decipher , but people who actually KNOW this stuff are still buying the wrong part because you need a 1-inch quill for a 1 +1 / 8-inch fork .
 Trying to decipher dimensions on bicycle parts can be vexing.Right next to the dimension
 Although the price & appearance seem pretty good ... I say ` ehhh ' .1 st one I got leaked in 5 ft of water . The company sent a replacement ... and the metal edges were very sharp -LRB- unpolished -RRB- ... so I do not recommend this watch .
 We bought this for my 8 year old son 's backyard birthday party . I wanted to have a selection of games for the kids to play . Getting the 10 in one was a mistake . Especially the net for the volley ball or badminton . It is flimsy plastic and does n't stand very tall . Too short for adults to have a game of volley ball . The rest of the stuff was fine enough I guess . We did n't end up using the kit for his party after all . Do n't recommend .
 The set I received was missing the two molded shuttlecocks , the Unique Shuttlecock with EVA tip and the Support system -LRB- Double Guide Rope system , Tension Clips and Ground Steaks -RRB- .
 The first day i inflated to see if it worked and like in 5 minutes of inflating i noticed that it would lose air . This Air Bed Sucks it Doesnt WORK !!
 When my husband and I layed on it we had to wake up in the middle of the night to air it back up , it leaks out of the side where the pump is so there was no fixing or way to glue it .
 I agree that the product is very good . But the service is very bad . I got a broken airbed when I opened the box . There was a hole on the top of the bed -LRB- the soft side -RRB- that I could n't use pads to fix it . As you know , the top side is folded inside , so it 's impossible to damage during shipment . I was suspecious they sent me a used one . I called the retailer , then the manufacturor , then the amazon . It 's useless because they write on the instruction that they do n't guarantee any products.My suggestion is not to buy the Intex 's product . Airbed is very easily broken . Find a retail will take the return .
 FROM DAY ONE , THERE WAS NOTHING BUT TROUBLE.I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THAT COMPANY EVER AGAIN.I PAID FOR A 2 DAY AIR , AND THE BED DID NOT GET TO ME UNTIL A WEEK LATER AND THEY CALL ME SAYING THAT I DID NOT PAY FOR A 2 DAY SELECT . WHEN I HAD THE RECIPT IN FRONT OF ME AND I ALSO TALKED TO A WOMAN -LRB- I DO KNOW HER NAME -RRB- AND SHE SAID I WOULD GET THE BED IN 2-3 DAYS . THEY CHARGE ME AGAIN FOR THE SHIPPING WHEN THEY MESSED UP IN THE FIRST PLACE.IF THERE WAS 0 STARS , I WOULD RATE THEM AS 0
 This bed is very nice compared with typical camping air mattresses . Add a foam top and put sheets on it , and the first night you sleep on it , you 'd hardly know it 's not a `` real bed . '' Ours started to have problems losing air through the night after a handful of times being slept upon , though , and the problem grew steadily worse until now it does n't hold air for more than a few minutes . It 's been used for approximately 20 nights over the past 2 years , and is now useless . After a couple hours lying on it , so much air leaks out that you 're literally on the floor . A little net research reveals that this is a very common problem with this model ; there 's some fault -LRB- in the attached air pump ? -RRB- that leads inexorably to a slow leak.So , if you only plan to use this bed 5 or 10 times and that 's worth $ 50 to you , go ahead and buy it - it 's very comfortable at first , and the price is a lot less than you 'd pay for 5 or 10 nights in a hotel . If you need it to last longer , though , I 'd recommend looking for another air bed .
 I bought two of these mattresses in less than three months . It never pumps fully , and it never holds the air for long . You sleep on it for less than four hours and your back starts hurting because of the air leak making it softer and breaks your back ! I insisted to believe in this mattress because it is high up like a bed . But unfortunately it is a big disappointment !
 this is my second airbed the first one would deflate while you are sleeping and you wake up on the floor this one also deflates in the middle of night.If you want to buy an airbed spend alot of money and buy a quality one .
 The poles arrived in good time , but were not in good conditon . The baskets where missing and the handles and tips very worn and abused . When I opened the package they came in , a handful of dirt came out first . They were obviously well used and no one had bothered to clean them before shipping . I asked for a refund and returned them immediately . I did get a full refund but will probably never buy from this supplier again .
 These gaiters do n't have elastic around the foot like others I have seen . It was hard to tell from the picture . For my intended purposes , snow would get in and around my foot .
 I was not impressed with the product . I tried it on , and although it fit comfortably the padding was so thin that while testing it , even light hits from my kids were able to be felt through the Hexpad . To top it off , after I returned the product , I found it at a local sports store for half the price .
 Got this watch to swim laps but do not reliably feel the vibration while swimming . Hard to read the time in dim light and the illumination button is multifunction so may change some of the other settings when you hit it . Also , there is an hourly chime/vibration which is automatically turned on with the alarm - kept me up a good part of the night until I figured out what it was . Also no lap counter .
 Purchased the watch a month ago , liked everything about it until I took it for a swim , down in only 10 feet of water and hours later there is a fog on the screen and the buttons wo n't work . So consider before you purchase .
 Stay away from this piece of crap and it 's manufacturer . My wife got me one of these for Christmas for our January trip to Jamaica and snorkeling trips . After being in the water snorkeling , floating on the surface , the watch never got more that 1 foot below the water 's surface . I could not see the time while underwater due to the grey on black display , which defeated the purpose of the watch . When I got out of the water about 30 minutes later , it was full of water ! Not what I expected for a watch that states it is water resistant to 330 feet!My wife contacted the seller -LRB- House of Scuba -RRB- and was told since she had purchased the watch over a month prior , they would do nothing about it . We could pay the postage to ship it back to them , and then pay them to fix it , and then pay to have it shipped back to us.Stay away from Freestyle and the House of Scuba !!!
 Dont expect much from this poor quality watch , buy a Timex isntead . The watch looks not so bad , but if you ` re thinking surfing with it . think twice , since the first time i went to the beach , there was a lick on the screen .
 I was in search of the best cooler I could find for my vehicles , after reading reviews here & elsewhere it sounded like these coolers would be the best.Regrettably , that did n't turn out to be the case . While these coolers appear to be nicely manufactured , they leave much to be desired in terms of keeping beverages cold.A single cold bottle of water remains cold for no more than 2-3 hrs after which it takes up room temp . By adding a large pack of BlueIce the bottle remains cold for an extra 2-3 hrs.These are no better than the cheap coolers u can buy at a gas station.If u need a cooler that keeps ur goods cold for more than a cpl of hours , this is not the cooler for u want .
 I liked this cooler until last weekend , when I found a wet spot under it on my car 's rug . Should still be OK with blue ice .
 A twelve pack of what I am not sure of , 5hour energy drinks possibly . If you froze a twelve pack and no ice and stretched the zipper to the max , maybe . Threads are already starting to fray , zipper pull has pulled out . The side zipper pocket can barley hold a Cliff Bar -LRB- flattened out by the end of the day I might add -RRB- . Opening the thing is a pain empty , full is a workout . Why is there an identical cooler on this site for $ 10 less and a different name ? Not sure but it more like a promotional cooler you get at the company picnic , while the boss get the Rolex . Do not waste your money . The other reviews must be from relatives of the guy selling these promo coolers as the next best cooler . I was a sucker , do n't follow my lead or you will be one too . I would give 1 star but it is a cooler .
 I was very excited to order this to bring lunch every day and liked the fact it is so durably made but the issue is that the top of the bag is so tight that opening it and putting in some lunch items is a struggle . I wish this case had a top that could just be opened and left open . This bag reminds me of those little coin purses that needs to be flexed to be opened . I am sorry but this case feels bullet proof but it seems very small for a 12 pack to me and just a major dissapointment . I feel like it would be useful for bringing 1 sandwich and soda . Trying to stack up containers was not easy at all and the bag filled too fast . I bought another popular bag that is smaller on the outside but much roomier and more convenient on the inside . Really wish I had not made this purchase but do n't want to deal with shipping it back .
 I bought this cooler on the recommendation of a lot of kayak anglers who think it is just wonderful . I must have gotten a bad one because it wo n't keep ice frozen for more than a couple of hours . By noon on a midsummer day I have a cooler full of water .
 Contrary to the picture , this product is QUITE narrow and stiff . This means I can not put many items in this cooler . Most of my Tupperware will not fit because the cooler is too narrow . The instructions say fill it with warm water and then drain . I did this but the cooler is still VERY stiff and it is impossible to put anything in this cooler that is bigger than say 5 '' square.Bottom line
 They leak . I 've had several of these . They are great if you need to take a cooler in a place that coolers are n't allowed because they look like a piece of luggage . But they do n't stand up to daily use . The lining gets holes in it and leaks . If you were going to use it on special occasions , they would be fine . They do hold ice for a long time , even in hot weather . We got a lot of positive comments on the looks . It works best with cans . Bottle caps will destroy the lining . Do n't bother to email customer service . They wo n't answer you .
 This cooler got the best reviews , which is why I bought it . I thought I could fill it with ice and drinks to keep for the afternoon but mine Leaks so badly I 'm returning it . I 'm sure it has to be defective because all the reviews gave it such high marks and claim it DOES NOT leak -- but mine does . Hopefully Customer Service with take it back I only purchased it a couple of months ago and only used it 4 times . Too bad because this seemed like it was going to fit the bill just perfectly -LRB- aside from the leaking water all over my carpet -RRB- uggghhhhh !
 It took me forever to get the lock to actually open , and then once I finally did unlock it , it would n't lock again . I would not recommend buying this unless you are okay with spending 15 minutes fiddling with it to unlock/lock it .
 The lock is OK , but you have enough frustrations in life without having to play with bracket mounting screws that are just a tiny bit to short . Another 1/16th of an inch would have made all the difference . I guess if you are King Kong you could squeeze to post clamp tight enough to manage a few turns into the nut , maybe , but why bother ? Just buy Kryptonite . If you think I 'm being picky , consider
 This space is not sufficient . I ordered a product from Bargain Cell on 5/3/07 , received the wrong product , immediately notified Bargain Cell 's `` customer -LRB- no -RRB- service '' , was told the item would be resent immediately . During the passing weeks , I sent multiple emails requesting the location of my correct item . Only yesterday , weeks later , did I again receive correspondence from `` customer -LRB- no -RRB- service '' stating that there had been some kind of error and that now the items is really being sent . By the way , the wrong item that I originally received was packaged with the correct invoice of what was ordered . No apology , refund , overnight shipping , etc. has been offered even though they have had my money now for 5 weeks , the item was a birthday present that is more than a little belated , and I still have no idea if I will ever see the item that I ordered .
 I did not like this at all . It was very uncomforable . It would hurt my back when trying to do the exercises in it .
 This product is ok , but if you have any kind of health issue talk to your Dr first . My mother got dizzy when she used it .
 Only value I imagine for this is a `` stepping stone '' to real exercise
 Parts would not fit together . Holes for bolts also would not line up . Very defective . Looked like a manufacturing problem .
 If Ur first starting off on a weight lost program the ab lounger may not be for u. Also it does n't really work off Ur love handles . Unless Ur already fit . This equipment appears to be more for people who r further along in weight management and looking to sustain current weight and strength
 I did n't buy this from Amazon but I do not recommend it at all and I always try to make my reviews of products as honest as possible . I 've been working out a lot in the past few months . Two to three hours of walking mixed with running , pumping iron and been doin normal crunches from the floor using my couch for a couple weeks now . After doing 30 fast situps from the floor I begin to feel a serious burn in my abs which is what interested me into looking into this product in the first place . With this Ab Lounge sport it always feels like you 're about to feel the burn but never gets you there . It just does n't do it for me . I went 15 minutes and still did n't feel no serious burn . I quickly took it apart and stuffed it all back in the box because I can tell this thing will do nothing for me . At most it might tone up my already built abs but it will not build that is for sure . I recommend just sticking with normal situps using the floor and couch or whatever you got that can hold you down . After my experience with this machine I will never buy any ab machine again . Hope this review helps ... oh and it 's a real pain in the butt to assemble . The inside of the box I sent back is a complete disaster lol but oh well .
 The AB Lounge Sport -LRB- along with all the other Ab Loungers -RRB- seems a good deal for a well-built piece of equipment at first , but as soon as the canvase wears out or gets a tear or rip in it , it becomes nothing but landfill for you ! The canvas is NOT replaceable and if you talk to anyone at the manufacturers phone number they will treat you rudely and tell you all about their 90 day warranty for it ... they will not let you talk to anyone other than whoever happened to answer the phone about it ... they will offer up the excuse that it is built in China and they do n't actually manufacture it themselves ... but they will not take responsibility for the fact that it is designed this way by them ... this machine is designed to be thrown away when the canvas fails and they only want you to buy another one !! In the long run you will be disappointed when this happens ! I was prepared to purchase another one if I could not replace the canvas , until the way I was treated on the phone by two seperate employees of the company ! I urge you to NOT buy one of these products !
 I 'm a slender girl , but my abs definitely need some firming up . So , I bought the Ab Lounge . I used it every morning for about twenty minutes a day -LRB- the recommended amount -RRB- for about six weeks . I did n't notice any significant difference in my stomach -- it was easier to `` tighten , '' but no visible improvements . Then , a few months after , I noticed the tv advertisements for it had a new disclaimer
 Imagine yourself sitting in a multi position beach chair , stretching your arms over the top of your head , grabbing the top of that beach chair , and then trying to fold yourself up . If that thought appeals to you , then you 'll be very happy with the Ab Lounge Sport.After reading reviews and watching videos of the Ab Lounger , I thought it would be a great addition to my ` Total Gym ' workouts , since I 'm dealing with a bad shoulder , and disc herniations in my neck.Be prepared
 Ok , I 'm not new at working out ... been doing so 5 - 6 days a week for 20 years but it has always been cadio . I power walk 1 to 1.5 hours a day , and decided to add the ab lounge sport to my routine . I have been using it a couple weeks for 4 to 6 days a week at 20 minutes each time . I really expected to `` feel the burn '' if not when using it the first time , certainly by the next day . I am dissapointed to report that I feel nothing in the stomach area . Surely I should have been sore the next day but after using it a number of times , NOTHING . I have advanced to the more difficult movements shown in the book expecting I would then feel some burn and again not in the stomach or waist area . Instead , I have a pain in the lower back when trying to lay in bed on my stomach ! That scares me because now I am thinking I should not continue to use the ab lounger at all for fear that it will destroy what has always been a very healthy back !! I may go back to the less advanced exercises just to try and see if my back will be ok , as I am not sure that 2 weeks on the ab lounger is really enough time to judge it accurately yet the fact that I have never felt any soreness in the tummy is probably the answer . As a footnote , I performed each rep s-l-o-w-l-y as the instructions explain , so I do n't think that my lack of feeling a burn is from improper use.I would not recommend wasting your money on this product . It baffles me that others have said they can `` feel the burn '' on this piece of equipment ?!
 i got this after i had my first baby . i used 5 to 7 days a week . i used it an hour each time and i also used the gazelle 5 to 7 days a week for an hour each time with it . i did not lose any weight and did not have any result after 3 months using it . the only thing that work was going for a walk and doing yoga . the ab lounge and gazelle are both junk and a waste of money .
 Badly hurt my back on this exerciser . Ended up throwing it in the trash where it belongs .
 I bought this item for my wife after she had our baby . She is a naturally thin girl but gained a sufficient amount of weight during her pregnancy . She has always worked out and began again after having the baby . She lost all of the weight in her legs , and gluts . No results on stomach with this machine . She is NOT a lazy athlete and would spend up to 45 minutes doing crunches and had zero ... NULL results . Never sore the next day and the machine never seemed to find her abs no matter how many positions she tried and believe me she tried MANY . Not recommended . Went to Sports Authority and did 25 crunches on a Marcy -LRB- crunch -RRB- ab bench and was VERY sore the next day . You can also buy this item on Amazon which in my opinion is a much better investment .
 I wanted to get some sports type shorts , but for me , they were a bit too short . The material is also thinner than most good quality shorts so if you 're looking for longer lasting materials , this would n't be the best pick . I now use these shorts for swimming in and they 're fine . I do n't wear them to work out in though .
 quality is fine , light weight , but transparent ! Do n't wear underwear in dark colors ! That 'll make you embarrassed in gym ! The color is also too light , not like pink , but white .
 Received wrong shorts . Ordered Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and received Adidas Women 's Squadra II shorts . Very disappointed . Even now , we are being asked to review the Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and the `` Item being reviewed '' picture is the Adidas Women 's Squadra II Shorts . I 'm very confused . Sorry ca n't give feedback on either shorts as the one we received does not fit anyone in the household .
 I wanted to get some sports type shorts , but for me , they were a bit too short . The material is also thinner than most good quality shorts so if you 're looking for longer lasting materials , this would n't be the best pick . I now use these shorts for swimming in and they 're fine . I do n't wear them to work out in though .
 quality is fine , light weight , but transparent ! Do n't wear underwear in dark colors ! That 'll make you embarrassed in gym ! The color is also too light , not like pink , but white .
 Received wrong shorts . Ordered Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and received Adidas Women 's Squadra II shorts . Very disappointed . Even now , we are being asked to review the Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and the `` Item being reviewed '' picture is the Adidas Women 's Squadra II Shorts . I 'm very confused . Sorry ca n't give feedback on either shorts as the one we received does not fit anyone in the household .
 I wanted to get some sports type shorts , but for me , they were a bit too short . The material is also thinner than most good quality shorts so if you 're looking for longer lasting materials , this would n't be the best pick . I now use these shorts for swimming in and they 're fine . I do n't wear them to work out in though .
 quality is fine , light weight , but transparent ! Do n't wear underwear in dark colors ! That 'll make you embarrassed in gym ! The color is also too light , not like pink , but white .
 Received wrong shorts . Ordered Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and received Adidas Women 's Squadra II shorts . Very disappointed . Even now , we are being asked to review the Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and the `` Item being reviewed '' picture is the Adidas Women 's Squadra II Shorts . I 'm very confused . Sorry ca n't give feedback on either shorts as the one we received does not fit anyone in the household .
 it was my wife decision to get a double sleeper and i must say it was the best decision .
 I wanted to get some sports type shorts , but for me , they were a bit too short . The material is also thinner than most good quality shorts so if you 're looking for longer lasting materials , this would n't be the best pick . I now use these shorts for swimming in and they 're fine . I do n't wear them to work out in though .
 quality is fine , light weight , but transparent ! Do n't wear underwear in dark colors ! That 'll make you embarrassed in gym ! The color is also too light , not like pink , but white .
 Received wrong shorts . Ordered Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and received Adidas Women 's Squadra II shorts . Very disappointed . Even now , we are being asked to review the Adidas Girl 's Sisco Shorts and the `` Item being reviewed '' picture is the Adidas Women 's Squadra II Shorts . I 'm very confused . Sorry ca n't give feedback on either shorts as the one we received does not fit anyone in the household .
 This is over priced masking tape !!!! Save yourselves money & buy masking tape at the store because that is all this is . It does not bend with your feet , it is masking tape !!!!
 As the title says , unfortunately I now have problems 3 weeks after receiving it . I went to set the clock for daylight savings and it would not let me . Then I tried using the stopwatch timer function , and that is not working either.I thought maybe it 's the battery , since the one they give you with it is a generic-looking one , but even putting in a brand-new known brand C cell does n't help . One thing I noticed when I replaced the battery is that I get a high pitched static sound for about 5 seconds , then it goes away . I do n't recall that happening the first time I put the battery in.Anyway , I stupidly threw away the box it came in so I now have to send it back to Accusplit instead of returning to Amazon . I called the support number to see if there was any thing else I could try , and although the gentleman I spoke to was nice he did n't even try to help . He just immediately gave me the address to send it back to.I will update this review once I get my clock back from Accusplit.As of now I 'm very disappointed that it did n't even last a month .
 shirt was very old and had a thick layer of dust on it . I washed it so it was OK . Funny sizing though . Go larger on thier sizes .
 In theory this is a nice timer but the quality control is poor . I bought two of them . One worked fine , the other had a defective LCD element and then it did n't work at all . I sent it back and they returned new one . It has a similar problem . About half the LCDs are dim . The battery connection is very poor . One time I put in the battery and nothing happens . Another time it comes on but half the LCD elements are poor . If you do n't mind sending it back to the manufacturer a bunch of times buy this product .
 While this is a nice bag , serious backpackers beware . The listed weight is the insulation fill wt not the actual weight of the bag . This bag weighs 8.5 lbs which is considerably more on your back than the listed 3 lbs . A 3 lb 0 degree bag at $ 69.99 is in fact too good to be true .
 shirt was very old and had a thick layer of dust on it . I washed it so it was OK . Funny sizing though . Go larger on thier sizes .
 My order arrived in a timely fashion , but the product was non functional . the rubber had melted or rotted on all of the clip straps . The style was perfect and the company refunded my money readily , but had no replacement , which I really wanted .
 I did n't get the same bottle that was on the picture and there is no way of re-sealing it rendering it useless after one day.I usually do n't do bad reviews but I was compelled to write this one .
 I bought this green gas which costs about $ 30 including shipping which is crazy expensive . Another downside of this product is that it is only 8oz which does not last very long . Some online retailers will sell 24oz cans for about $ 8 . Thus I can purchase about 4 cans with 4x the gas in it for the same price . Aside from the amount and the price , the gas performs well and has a nice fresh smell added to it .
 This gas is VERY cheap gas . It is not green gas . When you get the item take off the papers and everything . You will find a different company logo than the one pictured . -LSB- ... -RSB- Also , this Airsplat green gas does n't lubricate the gun .
 DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU 'RE LOOKING FOR GREEN GAS.First off , the product I received does NOT look what the picture shows . The bottle appears to have a wrap around paper label covering whatever it is.Second , the bottle says compressed air . NO WHERE ON THE BOTTLE DOES IT EXPLICITLY SAY THAT IT CONTAINS PROPANE . GREEN GAS IS PROPANE . THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT APPEAR TO CONTAIN PROPANE.I AM * VERY * DISAPPOINTED . IN 10 YEARS OF AMAZON PATRONAGE , THIS IS MY FIRST NEGATIVE PURCHASE .
 Ordered this dual pack . Received only one . Contacted Airsplat , first they said they would send another can . When I did n't get a ship notification , I contacted them again . They said I only ordered 1 can !!!!!!!!!!!!! In total , I must have sent at least 4 emails trying to get this resolved with no success . I would rate zero stars but 1 is the minimum.Absolutely pathetic !
 I concur with a previous reviewer , this is NOT green gas . It is compressed air , says so right on their fake label they put on the can . If I wanted compressed air I would have ordered it . If you want green gas do n't order it from Airsplat . Get the can with the green label made by UHC , this is good , real green gas -LRB- propane/silicon mix -RRB- .
 we could n't figure out why the green gas was n't filling up our riffle ... the nozzle was n't long enough ... frustrating !!! now we need to buy an extention
 Very poor Chinese quality for the price . I broke 3 out of the eleven I needed . They seem to flex only one way . I wo n't buy these again . Amazon should state whether the product is made in the USA or imported .
 My 9 year old son started to put this together and while placing the steering wheel into the column the lower part broke and now does not have a steering wheel . Seems a little too fragile to me for a child to be snapping together .
 I really can not state how well the AccusplitAL608 Finger Hold Tally Counter works . When I removed it from the plastic sealed package , it fell apart in many pieces . This particular item was poorly constructed . I sent it back for a refund .
 I bought 4 of these for counting reps when doing physical therapy exercises . They 're great for that purpose -- when they work . I was glad I bought so many at once since 2 of them stopped working within 6 weeks of use . One of them got hung up on the `` 1 '' in the units column -LRB- column on the right -RRB- . The other would not count up unless you pushed the button at a precise angle . I did n't return them since it would have cost almost as much for shipping and handling as the units were worth . Unfortunately , there is n't much choice out there unless you go to an electronic counter .
 I bought three of them for work . The first one was defective , when you press the clicker it does n't spring back . The second one broke into every peace it was made of the first time it touched the floor . There are so many pieces I ca n't count . Spend more money and get a better product .
 My review title says it all . I should have listed to the other bad reviews and purchased a different counter . This did n't even last an hour before it started counting by 10 's and hundred 's .
 This is really disappointing . The last counter had lasted over 7 years before it finally broke . Unfortunately , I was n't so lucky this time . I bought two , one has a spare . The first fell apart as soon as I opened the package and the second stopped working a month after I bought it ... I think i 'll try a different brand and hopefully will have better luck .
 Looking at the other reviews maybe I got a dud , but testing it right out of the box the unit consistently failed to register when I pressed the button . I tried different quickness and pressures in my pressing but it still failed and often enough to make the unit worthless to me . This is the second counter I 've purchased from Amazon in a week -LRB- other one was Coach Dave 's Pitch Count Model 300 -RRB- that is worthless due to low reliability -- I can do better counting on my fingers !
 This tally counter fell apart after a week of use -LRB- I mean , literally fell apart -RRB- . So cheaply made that the box it came in must be worth more .
 I received this item and upon cutting open the packaging and removing the item it immediately fell apart . There are two plastic bars that hold the sides of this product together that had broken before I even received it . A working copy of this product might be fine , provided that it is used for desk-work . However , I would not suggest that this be used for jogging , working out , etc. . . any sort of activity that might create the potential for any impact . It appears to have quite fragile , cheap construction .
 The return tab did not work . Took it apart and found the return mechanism was broke , probably during assembly . Too much hastle to deal with so just dumped it into the garbage .
 This product came up when searching for badminton nets . Not for badminton ... rather this is for volleyball . Shuttle coco could go right through net as net spacing is wide . Not sure how good this product is for volleyball but it should not come up when searching for badminton .
 This product is not what I had hoped it would be . It does not pack up much smaller than it 's original size . It 's a rather small pillow to begin with and at best folds in half to pack up into the attached sack . We ended up buying the THermarest pillows which are just as small packed up but then expands to twice the size and is much more comfortable . The Columbia pillow is more like a neck roll than a pillow . I would not recommend this product .
 So i baught this new sight , thought it was good at first but i was wrong ... . the whole sight -LRB- all of the screws -RRB- came lose after couple of shots so i have to tighted them up agian . Another this is that the pin wasent that bright so i baught a light for it , the pin was much brighter now but the pendulum dosent work now , it shoots low ... . looking for a new sight maybe G5 's XR sight ... . woundent recomend this to anyone else for the price ...
 We have always ordered MRI hard tennis balls from this site and there have been no issue . Recently we doubled the order to use in a tournament and everyone of the MRI balls were light weight and poor quality . this is hindering our games . When we tried calling customer service there was no response . We have ordered from this site so many times and are now considering switching to another site unless the seller replaces the supply with good quality balls .
 This sleeping bag is too thin and light . Doesnt look like that in the picture but it is too thin to stay straight as shown in the picture . Not good for outdoors .
 I bought this pump after reading the positive reviews . I used it to empty a small pool spa after a rain and note the following
 After five years of fairly light use , this thing gave out on me when I needed it most . The piston rod detached from its head . I 'm of the opinion that it should not have broken under the use it was receiving.It undoubtedly moves a great deal more water much more quickly than a lot of other things that I 've tried to bail with , but -LRB- as other reviewers noted -RRB- it leaks out the top due to an imperfect seal of the hose , drenching the cabin interior , as well as my clothes.Another problem is that the hose is far too short to lead to anywhere useful . The best work-around was to remove the hose and place a large bucket under the pump 's outlet , then haul topsides to dump.PROS * pretty long and pumps from hard-to-reach places * pump action is pretty easy * it 's light , I supposeCONS * very leaky * hose does n't quite put the water where you need it * too fragileIn summary , it translates a lot of water 18 inches somewhere else until it decides not to anymore .
 The pump efficiently moves water - which is good . It would be better if it had n't started to leak so much of said water out of the top quite so fast -LRB- I only got it a few hours ago ! -RRB- . I guess I 'll try to patch it up to stop the leaking -LRB- which I suspect is due to a very cheap and poorly fitting seal for the outflow pipe -RRB- but there must be better pumps out there without that inconvenience .
 Well I was going hiking and like to wear comfy sweatpants to rest and be warm afterwards . I got these fast from Amazon Prime -- put them on and yes they were comfy , fit great , the length was a bit long but that made me happy . THEY HAVE WHITE POCKETS !!!!! What is that -- so they are sadly going back -- White pockets -- no matter what you do they stick out . So I am going to order another brand and hope they do n't have WHITE POCKETS !!! Who thought of that ?????
 I ca n't overstate how poorly these sweat pants fit . For reference , I ordered the Medium size.The crotch on these pants hangs just above the knees , and the pant legs are about 6 inches too long . I have no idea who on earth these were designed to fit . Before I purchased these I was very close to buying a different pair of pants , but I changed my mind because these were much cheaper . I wish I had followed my original intuition.The only redeeming quality of these pants is that they are cheap . But this truly is a case where you get what you pay for.These pants are not worth buying at any price . Skip them .
 The pocket design on these pants is weird which you can already tell a little bit by the picture . The insides of the pocket are white and because of the way it 's cut they are always exposed which makes it look very odd . Other than that the sizes are off - the small is a medium at best . I would just go to your local store instead since I tried to find similar products on the website but they are way too expensive .
 Needed new open-bottom heavyweight sweatpants ... live in them after work and on weekends in winter ... always ordered from Penneys but theyquit making the nice heavy ones purchased for past 20 yrs ... anyway , have had nice heavy Champion sweatshirts in the past so ordered these ... ordered usual XL size . . the pair received were labeled XL but were very tight and pulled down off backside when sitting or bending over ... thought maybe they were sized for women ... no rise area whatsoever ... anyway , returned them and received prompt refund ... still looking for 9 oz or more heavyweight open bottom sweatpants ... can not find any at big box stores ... all their material is thin & flimsy ...
 The material and style was great . However , it wasw 4-5 inches too long ... too much of an error to live with . I sent it back and the refund was given .
 I received one pair of `` Champion Men 's Double Dry Classic Fleece Open Bottom Pant , Black , X-Large '' with the open bottom , but was surprised that the other had the elastic open legs .
 Champion Men 's Double Dry Classic Fleece Open Bottom PantI ca n't believe the poor workmanship on these pants . 1st the seam on the right leg is sewn crooked , 2nd the pocket on the left side is sewn to the back waist band , making it impossible to put your hand into it . Since I no longer have the invoice , I guess i 'm out of luck in trying to return it . Worst product I 've ever gotten from Amazon !
 What more can I say ? When the waist string to tighten it breaks after scarcely using it more than a handful of times within a nine-day period , it 's 1-star and back to Amazon with you .
 The crotch on these sweat pants is way too long ; the fit is odd . The length was also REALLY long , which is okay becuase that can be fixed . But I ca n't imagine why the crotch is as long as it is ; no body type would fit these . Really awful . Unfortunatley , I did n't realize it until after I washed them , so I plan on either giving them to good will , or throwing them out . Such a waste .
 The fit is good and they are comfortable , but mine -LRB- dark grey -RRB- suffered pretty bad piling on the crotch after the first wearing/washing -LRB- line dried -RRB- . Not super happy about that . Perhaps I should have washed them inside out ? I 'm not convinced these are going to last many washings .
 These pants are alright , but after running in them and washing them , the cotton on the pants starts to frazzle.UPDATE
 I ordered three pairs of these pants ... but have only received two of them . The two that I did get ... I like . Nice quality and good weight of material.HOWEVER ... one pair came from a company called Fogdog , and that 's where the trouble started . I ordered a pair of navy blue XL open bottom wicking sweat pants . What I received was a boys size 8 Columbia Ski jacket . The packing slip was correct ... but the item in the box was not.I called them directly , and was told `` no problem . . new pants will be shipped out . . and a prepaid label will be sent to you for the return . '' Some days go by ... and nothing happens . I then called them back ... and was then told that `` we ca n't help you ... you need to call another department that deals just with Amazon orders . '' Odd thing ... items are pulled from the exact same warehouse -LRB- per them -RRB- , and they have the same exact physical address . ???? Anyway ... I was then told that the correct item will not be shipped ... I have to return the item ... and then I will then get credit for it ... and then will have to reorder the thing . To make a long story short ... I ordered another color via Amazon from another partner seller.Update
 i got this gun thinkin i could go in the backyard and just shoot things like crazy but when i got it , with in 10 min the magazeen broke the saftey broke and the stock fell off and i didnt even drop it I ' v never have had a gun this bad befor and i cant even get my cash back
 FROM THE SAME COMPANY BUT WOULD NOT FIT MY EXISTING HELM . BACK TO AMAZON TO ORDER A NEW `` PACKAGE DEAL '' LETS SEE WHAT THEY HAVE IN STORE
 Very poor Chinese quality for the price . I broke 3 out of the eleven I needed . They seem to flex only one way . I wo n't buy these again . Amazon should state whether the product is made in the USA or imported .
 This set looks so nice on line and in the pictures , but when one gets ready to actually set it up , it is disappointing . So portable and nice looking in its carrying bag , but the net was unstable and difficult to set up and not as secure as we would have hoped . It did the job but was a bit flimsy .
 This filter only has a 2 micron filtration rating . It is effective against most important waterborne protozoa -LRB- giardia and cryptosporidium -RRB- , but will not filter any harmful bacteria . you should only use this filter in a clean mountain stream that has not been contaminated with fecal material . If you use this filter in a pond or standing water , you are asking for trouble . More expensive filters are rated to 0.2 microns and are effective at removing harmful bacteria . One previous review stated that this filter produced water at a faster rate and clogged less than a more expensive filter . That is likely a very true statement as the filtration pore size on the cheap filter is 10X bigger ! If a more expensive filter is clogging , it is doing its job of removing particles that would otherwise end up in your drinking water . Do not assume that all filters are created equal , and just because you run water through some device does not make it safe to drink .
 Out of materials from the manufacturer 's original patch kit , Aero told me to get `` any vinyl-compatible patch kit from an area hardware store '' . Nonesuch at Lowe 's , but Wal-Mart had this patch kit in the camping section . The glue did not adhere to the smooth -LRB- vinyl ? -RRB- surface of the Aerobed material . Patch came right off after ample preparation and curing . I 'd look elsewhere if you 're repairing similar -LRB- inflatable -RRB- .
 Just like the other reviewer , the patch came off after following the instructions exactly . The 3rd time , I even put a piece of duct tape over it for extra protection , and the bed still would n't hold enough air for one night . I 'm still trying to find a good one .
 Does not adhere to vinyl AT ALL . I would rate this product a 0 if it was an option . The packaging says `` For vinyl , plastic or soft rubber items '' ; nope.I will return tomorrow . DO NOT BUY .
 I tried to use this product to patch a small hole in my aerobed . It would not hold . I resorted to a bicycle tire patch until I can find something more permanent . This product is worthless . Do not buy .
 Used this to try and patch a hole in a air mattress . The glue did not stick and the patch did not hold .
 It is a cushion.It is a a hassle blowing it up but can be done.Even though it does provide a good cushion , it makes for a VERY COLD night 's sleep !
 The delivery and service were super fast . However , when the sweatshirt arrived , it had a stain on it and I was unable to get it out in the wash . It might just have been a fluke , but I was n't terribly happy about it !
 FROM THE SAME COMPANY BUT WOULD NOT FIT MY EXISTING HELM . BACK TO AMAZON TO ORDER A NEW `` PACKAGE DEAL '' LETS SEE WHAT THEY HAVE IN STORE
 I have one of these for my 6 ' 6 '' Rusty.The sock fits well and is easy to put on and take off when the board is dry.Negatives :1 . If your board is even a little wet , the sock is sticky and is very hard to put on and take off .2 . There is almost no protection value of the sock . If you drop the board or knock it against something , you will crack the fiberglass .3 . There is NO sun/heat protection . If you leave a surfboard in this bag in you car or in the sun -LRB- even on your roof rack -RRB- , the surfboard will bake and yellow the foam and even delaminate the glass if you have an epoxy board.Do yourself a favor and get a real board bag like a Dayrunner or Dakine deluxe to protect your surfboard.The sock cover is best at protecting your board from dust.If you found this review helpful , please give it a thumbs up with the voting buttons below!Thanks .
 My first Kettler outdoor table was great and lasted for many years but not my last table . It started rusting out in less then two years . Not only that but Kettler did not honor their 3 year warranty . If you buy their outdoor table you will get many years of enjoyment as long as you keep it indoors !
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 The mounting bracket does not fit my bike . I have a KHS Flight 100 which I imagine is pretty standard because I have met several other people with them . The handle bars where there is no grip tape is too small for this mounting bracket and the light just barely stays on . It flops around when I ride and points at the ground most of the time . It satisfies the legal requirement for having a light , but in most ways it is not very helpful . I think a better mounting bracket would be made of metal or fit smaller sizes . The actual light seems like it is made well which is a shame because all the work put into the light is wasted when I spend all my time riding worrying about if this light will stay on my handle bars and where it will be pointing after the next bump in the road .
 I could not say more good things about the light itself , especially for the price . But the clamp is so cheap , it renders the light useless . I guess proper engineering takes money . If the light was n't so good , I 'd give it a `` 1 '' star because of the clamp .
 Bought this light to replace an older bike light that I have , I did not do enough research for bike headlights . This light has a great blinking feature , and would be good in well lit areas , but if you need it to light a dark path or road it 's not bright enough , only 21 lumens . Do your research for the light you need .
 It can not be this hard to make a good bike mount . I 've gone through three headlights all dead for various reasons and I chose this because I just needed something simple for a lighted street at night.This bike mount is the worst piece of crap I 've ever witnessed in my life . I wonder if this company even owns a bike to test them out before putting this on the market ? While typing the past three sentences my headlight has slipped and started pointing down . The bike is not moving and I was n't touching it . It 's crap.Avoid .
 I could n't get this thing fitted to my bike correctly . There are two ways to tighten it . There is a part that screws on and a strap that is pulled tight . I made this thing as tight as I could get it and it was still very loose on my bike . However , I was unable to untighten it after that . I had to cut it off the bike and throw it away . Maybe on a mountain bike or other larger frame bikes this would fit alright . I have a Trek 7100 which is a hybrid -LRB- road/mountain -RRB- and the frame just seemed to be too small for this thing . Very disappointing .
 Bought this light after reading from all the positive reviews here . While the construction quality of the light and the mount is top-notch , the light output itself was really mediocre ... actually it is not even mediocre . It 's pathetic.You almost will have to be pitch black for the light to make any difference from what you are already seeing . And the beam is a spot-light sort of beam , so you can only see a little circle of pale brightness in front of you . Do n't expect this light to light up anything that 's more than 5 feet in front of you , it will not.Returning this for a Cateye light . It costs a little bit more , but does the job better . I think even the Bell Dawn Patrol light does a better job than this .
 I bought the Planet Bike Beamer 3 LED after reviewing dozens of reviews of it and similar products . I am afraid to say I am disappointed.Although the light is aesthetic and easy to install as well as great for showing other riders and pedestrians your location -LRB- in the flashing mode -RRB- , it has two flaws that make it a product I will not buy again :1 -RRB- The light is not strong enough to ride in the dark with . I have read several reviews by customers who claim to ride with this light in areas with poor lighting and intermittent street lights . I beg to differ . I tried and it is just not good enough . When I am riding in poorly lit areas I have to slow down considerable and can not really see more than just a few feet ahead and in a very narrow field of vision . This is actually dangerous .2 -RRB- The light is mounted on the bike with a device that has a quick release switch . I think it is not safe as this can be appealing to thieves . I also keep thinking it may flip open just when I need it to be secure . I would rather a screw-on mounting.My bottom line ? I would rather a stronger light that sits more firmly on my bike .
 The light is decent at best . While I ride in an urban environment , there are some places that are almost entirely dark . This light simply is n't good enough.The worst thing is the bracket . It 's a pain to put on and off , and on my bike at least , I could never get it to stay on correctly . Every bump I would go over , the thing would dislodge and point to the ground.For $ 20 , I did n't expect much , but it 's definitely not worth it unless you 're on an extreme budget . My safety at night is far more valuable , so I will upgrade and spend a bit more .
 This light is not bright enough for biking in areas with no other or little illumination . I 'm buying another light to bike after the sun goes down .
 The 3 LED Bike Beamer headlight provided plenty of light for my purpose , I used it at dawn or dusk . I do n't ride when it is completely dark out so I do n't know if this light would be sufficient for that . It is a little difficult to mount on a padded handle bar but not impossible . It does interfere with my wireless computer . It blocks signals and renders my riding computer useless . The mount is too small to mount on my fork , so I rarely use it any more .
 i bought a much brighter -LRB- 800 lumens -RRB- yellow , flashing light for the front of my bike . This thing is OK for the night , but not OK for the daylight . I nearly was killed when a car door opened in front of me - hurt my shoulder pretty badly - because driver could n't see me . Now that I have an 800 lumen yellow flashing light , they see me and I 've avoided some collisions .
 The light is nice and works as advertised HOWEVER I have found that it interferes with my bike computer causing it to act Crazy due to it being a wireless bike computer . Due to this problem with compatability with the wireless bike computer , I can not recommend it ...
 it would stay on . It has good batteries , etc. . I have to constantly smack it , twist it , thump it , etc. . It wo n't stay on . Then when it is on , I 'm not impressed . It 's just not very bright .
 the light worked well , I liked the clamp and the brightness and the batteries seemed to last forever . But the light ca n't handle getting wet . Mine got stuck in ` on ' mode and would n't turn off . condensation was visible in the lens . I took the batteries out and when I put them back in it would only turn on some of the time and would turn off during a ride.not recommended .
 The light is great - the bracket is horrendous . It has a strange quick-release type lever on it that will never quite clamp down like you would expect , leaving the bracket free to move around on the bar.As stated in the other reviews , the light is excellent - bright white , nice coverage for the money , and fairly small . Too bad they could n't come up with a simpler and effective way to attach it to the bar.Mine sits unused in my basement , because it wo n't stay attached to my bike . I 'm now shopping for another light .
 If you simply must buy the cheapest one , this light could be right for you . But if you ride at night often , or intend to keep the light longer than a year , I suggest you find a different product.I 've owned brighter lights , and the thing is really cheaply made . Prior to use I often need to twist the cap on/off a few times before the electrical contacts find each other again . Sometimes it 'll turn off by itself , even on fresh batteries . I think the jostling of the pavement causes this . The plastic is cheap and brittle , and I 'm waiting -LRB- hoping -RRB- for it to finally break so I can buy a different one .
 This bike light was cheap yet effective for a couple years . A few weeks ago , the on/off switch stopped working and the bike light always remained on . Now it does n't work at all . I 'm guessing that the malfunctioning is due to rain or moisture.Also , the bracket is poorly designed and the bike light rattles while I ride .
 Hello , I received 2 of these lights for christmas , and was excited because i really needed some . I was disappointed however to find the quality and long term usefulness of the light very much lacking . The first of the two stopped working after the second use , for no apparent reason , regardless of new batteries . The bracket for the second light cracked after an average careless bump . Shortly after , the twist-lock mechanism that closes the light housing cracked from a 2 foot fall on to a wood floor . Besides the flimsiness of the plastic parts , the light cast by these lamps -LRB- while adequately bright -RRB- , includes a ring of spots around it 's edges that are very distracting in your peripheral vision , and offer no purpose at night . I would compare these to a very cheap flashlight that you would n't want to depend on if you really needed it . You would be better off buying a similarly priced cateye or something.Thanks for reading .
 I adjusted the strap appropriately for my type of handle bar . But the bracket just does not lock tight and the light remains loose on the handle bar . On a bump , the light fell off and I ca n't find it anymore . Do not buy this light .
 Overall a piece of crap due the bracket that is all but worthless . I 'd gve it less than one star if I could . Do n't waste your money on this unless your looking for a flashlight .
 I am truly surprised at the great reviews for this light ; It 's just another small spot of light on the road , two or three feet in front of the bike , which makes it totally useless as any kind of headlight either in city streets with lighting , or in pitch-dark -LRB- unless you want to scan the spot in front of your wheel for potholes while you ride -RRB- . update
 I 've been using bicycle lights for 25 years and this is one of the worst . The light itself is fine ; powerful , waterproof , thrifty with batteries and highly visible . A nice piece of work.The mount is the most awful piece of garbage I 've ever seen.The light slides has a rectangular slot that slides into a flanged post on the top of the mount . There 's just enough room to allow an annoying rattle as you go down the road . I fixed that by jamming an empty goo packet in the slot.Then the `` quick cam bracket mount '' is intended to be snapped to the handlebars using a clever adjustable clamping mechanism . The plastic clamp just wo n't ever get tight enough to actually hold the light in a fixed position . If you over tighten to torque that baby on there , you will snap off the mounting lever.And the strap for the mounting clamp will ONLY allow you to mount on handlebars . It ca n't open up far enough to attach to the headset . Nor will it narrow down enough to mount on a fork , chainstay or seatstay.Do yourself a favor and find a better light .
 I purchased this light thinking it was a great buy , but when I got it I was dissapointed with everything about it . The mounting quick release would not stay locked in place when tightened enough to keep light in place . The brightness or lack of brightness was dissapointing as well . I can not see anyone making use of this light unless you ride at dawn or dusk and want others to see you . It will not shine bright enought to show you the way when it 's dark .
 The only problem with this device is that it 's not waterproof . I ended up buying a better light after about 1 year of usage and perhaps 5 or 6 rainy rides . This wo n't matter for those of you who avoid riding the bike in the rain at all costs , but for those of us who do this it 's a matter of great concern.Water does n't only get into the battery compartment , but oddly also into the front part where the LED 's are . It 's close to impossible to clean this area from the oxidation build up resulting from water.Another issue with this light is that the light going sideways could be stronger , so cars approaching you from the sides can spot you more easily.The bottom line is , the price is good and the lamp works well in general , but I feel obligated to tell you about the water problem since all the reviews seem to be missing this major flaw.If you still want to buy this , I recommend using tape to isolate it a little better .
 this is an ok light for the price . DO NOT get it wet . mine has been malfunctioning ever since I rode w it in the rain . it will turn on and off at random times , like when I 'm not using the bike etc. . I 've never submerged this light , just exposed it to some rains while commuting . I 'd buy a better light and spend some more cash for better safety , durability and longevity . there are much better lights available on amazon or at your local bike shop .
 Really disappointed with this light . Even though it has 3 led 's it 's not that bright . The mounting bracket was a pain to get on my bike -LRB- would n't tighten properly -RRB- And then it the light itself got stolen . Granted , that was my fault but now I 'm much happier with my knog frog light . Get that instead .
 For those that missed it ; there just goes 20 of my hard earned bucks today ... I think this headlight should come with a role of ductape and a pack of zipties so when you can first put the really nice latch setup on ... then you can put about 30 layers of ductape and 30 zipties around the handlebars in hoping those awesome thieves we all love do n't finish cutting all the tape and plastic by the time you get back to your bike . Forgot to take it with me ONCE ... and poof ! Gone.Just a thought ... Not inch allen wrenches . SMALL metric allen wrenches . Make the bolts a pain to get out unless you have the right metric allen wrech or bolt will strip . Make the LED light unit contouring handle bars -LRB- like a ring -RRB- and keeping it metal . Keep it so it ca n't be knocked off bike . Battery can be a cord can be attached and it will be worthless if ripped off bike . I just keep seeing the same type of lights on this website . They all say ... steal me ! steal me ! I need to be sold on ebay ... not amazon !
 The light was not bright enough to illuminate . If it is too dark to ride without any lights it is too dark to ride with this one - it made almost no difference . I tried different sets of batteries . I then arranged a refund . This was no hassle at all . I bought the 2watt light from the same company to replace it .
 I have had this for a couple of months . The light is not that bright at night . The rubber strip on the mounting bracket has deteriorated . The light now does not lock into the mount anymore and keeps falling off . I finally lost it tonight for good .
 I really liked this little light and used it everyday for 2 months . Unfortunately it 's easy to install bracket , like other one and two star reviews have mentioned , degrades with time . This is understandable , but two months ?? I used one of those rubber strips to hold the bracket in place , and with time even with the rubber piece the bracket would not clamp closed and stay closed . I 'm disappointed that it did n't even last one riding season . Once the bracket goes there 's no such thing as buying a spare , except I guess from ebay ...
 The light died soon after the first time I had to ride in a light rain . Water penetrated the battery housing . I would not recommend the product , but if you do buy it , consider wrapping it , or maybe turning it off when the rain comes .
 The quality of LED flashlights is such that I expected better lighting from this light . This is pretty much just a toy , and not adequate for biking without city lights.We put this on my wife 's bike , but after two pre-dawn rides , I put an ATC 1000 Lumen light on instead . The ATC costs about twice as much , but provides automotive level lighting , and you can see and be seen .
 I found the mounting bracket on this light a little odd as did several other purchasers . The instructions did not show a picture of the light on the handlebar , so I found it rather difficult to mount it properly . There is an arrow on the the top of the bracket and you would assume that the arrow would point ahead in front of you . The arrow must point towards you or you will mount it backwards , as I did . The adjustable cam lock lever will never fully tighten the bracket to the handlebar , as would a screw mount , so it is a little loose.Also , the light itself slides on a quick release track and it has some play/movement , too . This light will not fall off but a couple of hard jolts you will need to adjust it . The on and off switch is very hard to press and is located under a small rubber cover . I have to use my finger nail to operate it . Overall , it does n't seem to `` complement '' my rugged Trek Dual Sport bike . It is a decent light but just not beefy and secure enough for me . I think I 'll mount it on my kid 's bike for their fun .
 This product 's light is actually quite good ; it 's a `` spot '' light , but the projected light is a perfect circle , VERY large , and has a decent amount of falloff for seeing surrounding areas . The projected spot itself is paper-white -LRB- a sign of high-quality LEDs -RRB- , and is decent . The light requires two AA batteries . One negative to the light itself is that pushing the on button once results in blink mode rather than steady mode . Not a very good default!However , the mounting bracket is a complete travesty . Instructions and box claim it will mount `` on any bar '' , which is completely false -- maximum bar size permitted is 30mm , which Planet Bike claims is `` oversized '' . Anyone who owns a Giant Yukon 2005 or later will not be able to use this mounting bracket , because the bar on the Yukon is not a consistent size , thus you must mount things at the base of the bar -LRB- near the headstem/middle -RRB- , which is about 37mm . Otherwise , the light will slide up and down the bar quite easily . Additionally , the majority of the mounting bracket band consists of plastic , with an `` adjustable rubber grip '' , which provides very little grip . Thumbs down.Planet Bike should redesign the mounting bracket for this light , but keep the light itself . Two stars for the light , but minus 3 due to the atrocious mounting bracket .
 The light is terrific IF I could actually use it . The bracket will not stay clamped no matter what . Very frustrating experience .
 When setting up the net , we were disappointed that the included poles were actually plastic and not metal . Once bringing the net to a decent tension , one of the poles split on the seam . Family was SO excited when we got this today , but unfortunately we do n't get to play . What a disappointment !!
 I bought this because it was free shipping with PRIME . We went to set it up for the first time and had the plastic poles split where they have the little push button connector . They are n't very sturdy . I will know the next time to buy steel poles .
 This product is not well made . In other words , it does not live up to its marketing . First off , a zipper tab on the carry bag broke off on first use . The net , poles , and accompanying strings worked OK to set up . The rackets were not very strong and after one day of play -LSB- by young people -RSB- , two of them began to bend . To top it off , in the next week , we saw a better-made badminton set for sale at Menard 's for 2/3 the price . Ouch ! Caveat emptor !
 I was warned by others about the poles , but the racquets and the shuttlecocks are cheap too . They get stuck it the racquets and stop the game . It is still fun having the set , but really just buy a more expensive one . You wo n't regret it .
 The poster was delivered through the US mail . The shipping tube was bent and the poster has creases down the entire length because of it .
 This was the second headlamp of this type that I 've had , and it suffered from the same problem as the first -LRB- by Petzl -RRB- , only it did n't last as long . After about two years of use -LRB- 6-7 camping/backpacking outings -RRB- the plastic started cracking pretty badly , and despite my attempts to rescue it with epoxy the thing became unusable . Very disappointing .
 I purchased this to mount on my helmet for night biking.The light does not seem regulated ... dims after 30 minutes on high with freshly charged 900 mah batteries.Does Not provide a sharp light beamCompany DOES NOT respond to my emailsDefinitely not worthwhile buying for cycling .
 I bought this headlamp for the waterproofing . After a couple of months , the beam intensity regulation malfunctioned . I have sent 3 mails over a month period to Princeton Tec without receiving a SINGLE response .
 As the other reviews have stated , this is a great headlight . Bright , water resistant , comfortable . Perhaps a bit heavy , but that 's OK.The problem I discovered quickly was in the ratcheting mechanism . It is the serrated mounts that allow the headlight to swivel up and down for aim . It is way too weak and there is NO way to tighten it ! Because of the weight of the light housing and the bottom mounted ratchet , the light has an awful tendency to flip down ! You can not run/jog with this light because every step causes the light rotate and face straight down -LRB- or in your eyes ! -RRB- . You can not go hiking with it . One hop off a rock and the light flips down . I can not use it in canyoneering . IN a waterfall the water just pushes the light down immediately.I 'm a very mechanically oriented person , but the only solution to this would be to glue it in your ideal , or straight upright position . But then you can not get the batteries out!Still looking for the perfect headlamp ...
 I used this string years ago -LRB- 2002ish -RRB- when I was playing in high school and absolutely loved it back then . It was extruded -LRB- formed -RRB- in such a way that it had what could be called a series of cuts going lengthwise with the string in what could be seen as almost a star shape if you looked at the end of it . This string of the past could spin a ball to insane levels and would often rip the majority of the fuzz off of one after a set or two . Now a days , their Spiky Shark is the string most similar to the old Super Smash Spiky but it 's subdued a bit . This new Super Smash Spiky just has a series of what appear to be almost randomly spaced very -LRB- I emphasize very -RRB- shallow cuts across the string here and there . All in all I found it did nothing desirable for spin and played like your basic poly . So skip this and get Spiky Shark instead if you 're looking for a good spin string .
 The hat was suppose to be an XL size yet it would n't even fit my friends head who normally wears a Medium . All of this after having to wait almost 3 weeks for it to deliver . Very disappointing .
 5 year gurantee ? what about the warranty from Tag Heuer , it does n't come with it b/c it is being purchased from an unauthorized dealer , these watches come form who knows where , why do you think there are only 2 to choose from instead of the entire line of watches ? by the way , Tag Heuer will not work on these watches since it was bought here .
 I do not recommend Nu-teck airless tires they are very dangerous Nu-teck says that there tires are guaranteed to never go flat !! well that 's a lie , mine went flat , that did not bother me to much . until I asked for a new tire . they said that it 's my fault for using the breaks to hard . and I created soft spot . well I 'm 67 years old I have a small folding bike 20 inch wheels I only use the bike to go back and forth to the store , I do n't race or jam on the break . Nu-teck , just wants to get out of the guarantee . Nu-teck is a bad company to do business with , ricktig.dk is the same company , do n't do business with them , if you could help me so other people do n't get flim flamed tell your friend not to buy airless tires . and if you see Nu-teck ad please cut and paste let others know . this company is not honorable and does not stand behind it 's guaranteed , I 'm putting this company on ripoff.com and youtube , BBB and 7 on your side , plus , bob williams
 I was very disappointed with this jug . I thought with the Coleman name it would be better made but the lid does n't seal and it leaked in my car . Not only does it leak from the seal around the lid but the flapper that snaps down over the mouth piece does n't seal either . I 'd send it back but it is n't worth the shipping cost !
 Holds fluid fine , handle keeps coming off ! Also wish it had a real handle on the side , had one before that did , is a great feature .
 It leaks because there is no seal , the spout pops off , and the handles easily breaks . I have owned at least three of these and they are did the same thing . They are cheap for a reason . My fellow tennis players all have had the same problems.If you like your car seat being wet and water dripping down your chin , then buy one .
 The people with problems with these are not `` uncordinated '' or stupid but here is a problem with this product at black rubber `` O '' ring seal at the spout working out of place . Unfortunately when this happens the seal is often damaged . In it 's infinate wisedom Coleman has chosen not to make the seal available despite the fact that it is easily replaceable . When the product works it is great and I really like mine to the point I am looking at hardware stores to find a replacement seal that might be fitted to stay in place . The old jugs did not do this - are new ones made in China or something ???????
 This jug leaks no matter how you tight you close it . I bought two Coleman jugs at once -- 1/2 gallon and 1/3 gallon and they both leak . In the car I have to make sure they do n't lean over even slightly or the seat will be wet . And not just a little bit , but really wet . I put some juice in one and then put it in a plastic bag , which was lucky because most of it came out when the jug got jostled in travel . I really do n't enjoy having the water dribble down my chest while I 'm drinking out of the spout . It 's surprising how very much it leaks , really . We 're not talking a few drops here , but a steady stream.I bought them because they seemed like a bargain at the price , but they were definitely not worth it . The point of a jug with a screw-on lid is to keep the liquid in there until I open it . They do n't do that and it 's very frustrating . Do not buy this because you will only regret it . Coleman usually has good products , but on this one they really blew it .
 Nearly impossible to mount . Do n't have many miles on them . Hope I do n't have a flat , I may not be able to fix it on the road .
 Amazon keeps prompting me to review these socks that I bought over a year ago . I wore them once or twice and then I think I threw them away . I have no idea where they are now . These socks
 I have purchased these before from the NB store itself . These are not the same !!! They were also huge ... like men 's socks . The material is n't nearly as nice as the ones I got from the NB store .
 DO N'T ORDER FROM `` RED GEAR . '' I ordered this item and they sent me a propane grill . When I tried to return it they said -LRB- I 'm paraphrasing here -RRB- unless you have a printer , you 're outa luck . I would give this seller zero stars if it were an option.Unfortunately I ca n't give a review on this item , and for that I appologize .
 Hello , I 've ordered this item to go backpacking with it -LRB- I used similar before -RRB- . When the Item arrived I was surprised how big it was . Assembled it is around 5 feet high . grill is big too . Maybe it works for some people who do n't have to carry it , but it is not the thing you want to have in your backpack
 The clock arrived and looked fantastic . However , to open the clock face to gain access to the winding mechanism you have to push a button on the outside of the clock . Upon receipt , the push button was loose and floating inside the space formed by the glass cover and clock face.It should have been fastened on the outside to the clock body be a nut -LRB- push button is threaded -RRB- but nut was no where to be found . Push button had to be placed in the space where it was found since if the retaining nut had come loose in some manner , the push button would have fallen outside of the clock body.Aside from the above , the clock bell and winding mechanism was totally bound and jammed !! Appears to have been a used clock !!!! Needless to say I am returning this one but will order another when return process is complete.The above comments were discussed with Weems and Plath personnel.UPDATE AS OF 9/27/2010Replacement clock received and is working fine !! Return process for defective clock went easily and the price of the clock dropped $ 30 during the return period . Clock looks absolutely gorgeous . Ships bell is loud enough to be heard with the TV playing next to it . If I could , I would change the rating to 5 stars.A few things to note :1 . Other reviews have critized the loudness of the bell chime . These have all related to the quartz driven models . And W&P ; is quite upfront on their website stating the bell chime on the quartz driven clock is very low . in comparison , the chime on the mechanical driven model is fine in my humble opinion .2 . Other reviewers have critized the Hermlee mechanism . Hermlee , a German manufacturer , has been around for many years and makes clock mechanisms for many many clock manufacturers . I believe they have a plant in Virginia also . They have a very good reputation .3 . Lastly , and most importantly , the clock is shipped fully wound . There is no statement to thie affect in the instructions !! If you attempt to wind the clock when you receive it , you will jam the mechanism !!!!! Just remove the plastic pin restraining the minute hand and wait 5 minutes to see if the minute hand moves . There is no ticking noise . This is the quietest mechanical clock i have ever heard ! 4 . W&P ; personnel are very helpful . Dial the number stated on their website if you do have a problem and you will talk to a live person in Annapolis-not Asia!UPDATE sEPTEMBER 2011Well it now is September 2011 ! The clock must have been operational for at least three weeks over the past year . Returned to Weems and Plath since when it chimes-it keeps on chiming !!! They had it for six weeks , but these people are good !!!!!! You call , leave a messagew and within one hour they call you back . Seems the clock was dropped and can not be brought back to specifications , so they replaced the whole mechanism !! UPS-who knows ! But if I were you , stay away from this seller !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 3
 The watch will not charge and is now dead ... after only 2 months . Back it goes .
 after the first year , it take a week or 2 to die off after a good charge . 3 years later i get 2 days of use for one -LRB- 1 -RRB- full day in the summer sun of charging . this will not be the last watch you 'll have to buy ! Stick to batteries ... what kind of life do you get?My brother bought one of these a month before i bought mine , he was the reason i looked at it and bought one , i bought this one as he bought one with the plastic bands . His has been in his desk drawer for a year dead , will hold a charge . mine is kicking hard bout one step in the grave . I live in the north east and get some good sun . this month ive lost power on the watch about 1/2 the time i wear it . I 'd put it one look at the time and some time later it would be flashing charge me . even if the charge meter said FULL . I now have to set the watch outside when i 'm not wearing it to keep it charged . If I do n't i have a watch to wear.So skip these '' last watch you 'll ever buy '' deals ...
 This is a great watch made for very sunny areas . If I had read a review stating the charge wo n't last , I never would have purchaced it . I leave it on the window ledge exposed to available light all week and wear it on Sunday and 3-4 hours later the screen is blank . It 's definately not for North West areas and the thought of charging it in front of a light bulb is rediculous . Do n't buy this watch unless your in a always sunny area . I 'm ready to sale this to the highest bidder or give it to one of my South West friends .
 I 've been a G-Shock owner since they came out . I wanted to go for a classier watch than the plastic G-Shock . I settled for the MTG900 in December 2007 . The watch is great except for the solar power . I live in Rochester NY . During much of the year I wear long sleeve shirts and coats . I am continually struggling to keep the watch charged . Solar power is a cool idea that is not only useless , but a real dissatisfier . I scuba dove recently in Cozumel . Twice the watch went from fully charged to dead during a dive . When I put it out in the hot Mexican sun for an hour it registered fully charged . I do n't think it is supposed to do that . Lastly , I really miss the count down timer , especially when I cook . It would have been far better to scrap the solar power `` feature '' for a 10 year lithium ion battery and add back in the count down timer . I hope Casio learns from these reviews and changes the watch .
 I was as delighted and as excited as other reviewers when I first got the Casio Solar Atomic watch . And the main reason I got it was I thought I would never need a replacement watch -LRB- with all the environmental advantages that that has -RRB- . It was also tremendous to have never had to set it!Now the watch is dead . The solar charger gave out and stopped charging the battery . Mind you I had a very good care for this watch , not a scratch , I kept the crystal always clean and never swam or exposed it to moisture.The estimate for repairing it is almost as much as replacing it with a new one and I will not be doing that -LRB- neither repairing nor replacing it with another Casio -RRB- . b-bye Casio.Suggestion to all
 Perfect watch while it worked.After 18 months , the solar-recharge system has died . It costs about as much to repair as the watch price itself.This was supposed to be Casio 's premier watch.The point of this watch was to get away from the hassle of repalcing watch batteries every 1-2 years.Instead , I have to replace the watch itself every 1-2 years.May as well have bought a good quality battery watch for half the price ... my son 's old Casio watch has been running for more than 5 years .
 I bought the Solar Power G-Shock and loved it . UNTIL , the screen went blank except for a small `` Charge '' message that flashed . This happend at 13 months . Returned it to the store who replaced it with a new watch . Now , I have the same problem again . No warranty and Casio wants it returned at my expense , plus return freight at my expense , insured at my expencse , and PAY FOR REPAIRS , since they say , `` it should not be doing that '' . They do not acknowledge that others have had this problem , but I suspect they have.AVOID unless you want to pay for a new watch each year .
 Had it about 6 months and it died and flashed charge . The next day it was on but I can not get the battery indicator to go past one . I have an E on the radio signal and can not update time anymore . Sears was no help when I tried to return it . They said I could take it where they send warentee work.I was able to set the time manually but for this kind of money I expected much more . G shocks are not what they used to be .
 After reading other 's review , I think I am lucky . the watch 's solar power died after 3 years of solid service . It 's extreme accurate , no problem receive signal at California . No need to do any daylight saving time or any other adjustment . The only problem is , it solar charging system died . I originally plan to keep it for 10 years , like my Toyota . Now , I probably will look into other watch that has 5 or 10 years battery life . The tough solar really did n't help .
 I bought this watch to replace my Polar heart ratemonitor ... but am really dissatisfied . I 'm having ahard time checking my heart rate ... and when I do get a reading , it ` safter a while when my heart rate is lowered . My Polar was accurateand I thought without a chest strap , this would be morefunctional ... that 's not the case . I 'm really frustrated ... notbecause I do n't like the watch , but because it does n't do what it ` ssupposed to do ... and so I 'm returning it .
 I am very disapointed in this product . It will only take my heart rate if I am not moving at all and if my hands are completely dry . Now , what 's the point . I 'm a runner and sweat profusely ; it refuses to give me a heart rate as I 'm cooling down , walking , or standing still trying to get a heart rate . I do not recommend the watch . I 'm unfortunately using it only for timing my runs . It was a disapointing purchase of $ 60 or so .
 The first time I used it the handle popped out of the cylinder . The base of the handle is threaded so I figured I 'd just screw it back in . That seemed reasonable enough but after getting partway through inflating an exercise ball it just seemed to be going nowhere -LRB- sucking wind ? -RRB- Again the handle pops out . That 's about the limit of my tolerance for something this simple . I was n't particularly harsh on the unit but the threads at the base of the handle just do n't seem to be strong enough to hold the plunger inside .
 The item is not as pictured . The canvas was grey and the screen was tan , but the picture showed tan canvas and grey screen . I have never seen tan screen before . It looks like a Chinese outsourcing mishap .
 We ended up having to sew it in place . The glue was inadequate to the task . We will look for a different solution the next time around .
 It would have been nice to know that the actual color they show in the picture is not what you will receive . If you need a tan canvas DO NOT order this product ! It comes in a grey color which is very disappointing ! And the window mesh is a tan color . Had to use it because i did n't have time to return it and order a different one from another seller . All of the stores that carry this canvas has the same grey color . Thanks a lot !
 While the clear glass globe arrived intact , it was the wrong globe . When I contacted their customer service , I was told that I could return it but at my expense which was more than the globe was worth . Somehow , the original number I ordered , which was taken right from the globe itself , got subbed for this one which is n't even close
 I ordered this item twice and they keep sending the Foot Wrap . If you order from Amazon you are rolling the dice .
 Company cancelled my original order for 5 packs saying the item was discontinued , but reposted the pack the same day at a much elevated price . Discontinued ? Then they tell me that they are sorry for the inconvenience , but do not offer any solution to the problem . OPTICSALE ... probably better off sending someone Western Union over Craigslist .
 The handle on this cleaning rod is free-floating . I 'd rather it be fixed to the actual rod , it would make it easier to rotate a cloth patch down a barrel . The best way to describe this item is `` Meh . ''
 I recieved the hiking pole fine but I was disappointed that it had no directions . I called Amazon who gave me the phone number to the company that makes the product but no one could explain to me how to use the pole . one person who claimed to be the manager but later confessed he was n't said it was to be used like a cane . then why did n't i buy a cane I said ? humm well maybe you could make it shoulder length he said . Is that the correct way ? He said he did n't know & it does n't come with directions & I could call another time when the manager might be in . I 'm very disappointed with the product but as far as the shipping & handling was fine . what more can I say .
 I used this pole on a hiking trip in the Sipsey Wilderness of North Alabama . The pole was used while hiking about 12 miles.The quality of the pole itself is very very good . The length adjustments do n't slip like cheaper poles . The anti-shock function works , but seems completely unnecessary.The handle , though , is flimsy . The foam only surrounds the pole and does not go over the top to hold it in place . Additionally it is not adhered to the pole , so it slips down the pole if you happen to mis-step and pull down on the handle very hard . Also , the top camera mount pulled out . It is simply a ~ 1.5 cm plug that is pressed into the top of the hollow pole . I 'd hate to be the guy who loses his camera while filming over a ledge because the `` cap '' , that is the camera mount , fell out.Overall I would n't recommend this pole to anyone . There are other poles exactly like this one with better handles for around the same price .
 I ordered two of these and neither one would lock into place when extended . They both have to go back . It really bothers me that we were sent defective items and now have to pay for shipping to return them . We are not avid hikers so we did n't really want to pay almost $ 100 for a pole , but we may have to to get one that holds up . This would be very dangerous to rely on in hilly country .
 This is another faux camping product designed mainly to look good and fool people into believing that its low cost will come with quality . the top knob fell off after two hours of hiking , the the grip made my hand go numb in one hour flat . These poles are not quality and are just junk , stay away .
 This product can not be adjust , or at least the one that I received . It was a present and for the moment the person when to used it the return was not allowed . Even we sent the product back and they could see it was never used . They preferred to return the defective item to me with a note &#34; unfortunately it is outside of &#34; OUT &#34; return policy &#34; . Bad business people to deal with .
 The Hammers HP1 hiking pole was an attractive purchase for a number of reasons . It came as a single pole rather than a pair -LRB- I prefer having one hand free to grapple rocks/trees -RRB- , the camera mount seemed like an awesome feature , and the compass and thermometer were cool add-ons . Upon my first use of the pole the basket fell off constantly . I kept having to stop and look for it , screw it back on , then continue on my hike . On a later trip it fell off before I even left the parking lot - I tossed it under my car and said , `` Screw it . `` By my second hike it became apparent that the thermometer does n't work well at all . That , or I manage to always hike on 75 degree days despite the apparent varied weather . I could tell the compass was cheap from the outset - it rarely if ever provides a proper reading.After the third time use the pole would no longer collapse . The twisting mechanism to lock and unlock the pole now just turns and clicks repeatedly when attempting to unlock and collapse the pole.It does earn two stars for the fact that it is , in fact , a hiking pole . It does its job on the trail . The shock spring , while not as giving as other poles , is a nice feature . And the camera mount does seem to work . It 's just a screw , after all .
 This item was returned , as it was not what we had in mind when we ordered it .
 Bought this for a S&W 686 3 '' barrel which as listed should fit . Gun will not go much past front of trigger guard . Trigger is totally exposed . Leather is very thin . I do use it some for my Ruger LCR which will fit .
 Clip is very hard to open to slide holster inside pants and clip over the belt . The holster is a very tight fit for a Taurus 85 . You would have to jam a Ruger Gp 100 in the holster . I have other brand holsters that fit and work mush better
 This stand is recommended for trees 9 '' -22 '' . Not accurate . You must find a tree that the stand fits so the grippers totaly grip the tree . Hard to do when setting up for bowhunting , not so much a problem when gun hunting . Also if you leave the stand out overnight and it gets wet it 's noisy when turning on the platform . Carpet strips should be put on the base . Also the seat does n't slide out of the way when turning for a shot , if your a larger person , which the stand is rated for 300lbs . On the plus side the bark biter belts work fine , it 's well constructed . I 'd recommend it for gun hunting , not archery .
 It 's ok for the price . Not too sturdy ... moves around alot when you play . But , overall you get your money 's worth .
 Everything about this order was fine except what was most important , customer satisfaction . Ordering all my Christmas items on-line for the first time was great ! No lines , no people , no problems . But , pictures are deceiving . The cost of the product I received was not worth the price charged . Items broken , some not fitting exactly right , and the craftsmanship and material workmanship of this product was just what I would expect from Chinese made product . I 'm done with that ! No more CHINA ! ! ! You are distributing GARBAGE ! ! !
 I ordered another federer signatue racket from amazon -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Wilson-Federer-Signature-Tennis-Racket/dp/B000QWQ9ES -RRB- last week and paid $ 25.96 for it . The racket shipped to me today looks just the same as the pic of this $ 19.99 one.Can I get my $ 5.97 price difference back if they are just the same racket ?
 This gun was a dissapointment after I read the `` kids review '' . It does come with all the items-but it is terrible in my oppinion . Shoots 120 FPS -LRB- mine did anyways -RRB- . It would be okay for basement battles , full auto is decent.I wish I had a CYMA to compare it to . If a CYMA shoots half-way decent it would blow this out of the water.Final oppinion
 Received the product on time . I was hoping to get what it appears to be but the cap that goes over the fill hole is NOT SCREW on , Therefore it did n't work for me .
 In principal this is good . However bugs can get underneath , making the horse even more annoyed .
 ... I agree with other comments about the wobble and cheap fasteners ... Mt two big gripes - -LRB- 1 -RRB- One of the mounts is behind the post which does not allow safe clearance to the tailgate of my vehicle . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The bike mounting system would not let me mount a 22 '' girls frame securely .
 After reading some of the other reviews , I was apprehensive about purchasing this bike rack . However , others that I had priced were two to three times as expensive , so I decided to give it a try . IT WORKED GREAT ! We used it for a vacation trip of about 1,000 miles and never had the first problem with it . In fact , it 's still on my SUV so it 's even easier to strap the bikes on and go ! The first time we put the rack on , it seemed unstable , but learned this was the way it 's supposed to be . It rocks a little , but accepted the fact it was n't going anywhere as long as we put it together properly . We did , however , bungee cord all of the bikes together for added safety and additional peace of mind . I would highly recommend this bike rack .
 I gave this product one star because it was the lowest option . What I really give it is this
 Ok , like most people , I got this thing because its cheap . And boy do I mean cheap.The ` strap ' mechanism is four little dots that fit into 4 little holes in the straps . Yes , thats right , its the same theory as legos . There 's no double tie down , there 's no snappy thing , there 's no bidirectional interlock mechanism , there 's no nylon cloth hitch like on a bike helmet . Just 8 little plastic nubs between your bike , a big bump , and the traffic behind you getting a face full of steel tubing , gears , and spokes.If you really want to use this , I would suggest getting some rope and learning to tie a few knots . Otherwise I never really felt ` safe ' just using the lego clicky connection .
 I received this rack as a gift , so I did n't get to evaluate it before purchase . I have a 2 '' hitch receiver . The included 2 '' adapter is worthless , wobbly , and unstable . The reason is the use of nylon and loose tolerance in the adapter . Had to buy a steel adapter that fit from another vendor . Do n't trust the included cheap plastic bike straps unless you want to risk losing your bikes to following traffic . Use plently of tiedowns that you provide yourself . The horizonal bars that hold the bikes are attached to the upright pipe by screw knobs that are only hand-tightened and can back out . The upright pipe is the one thing that is over-engineered and more sturdy than needed . I would strongly recommend a potential purchaser spend more money for a better carrier . It might be OK for taking a kid 's bike to a neighborhood park , but that 's about it .
 Bought this product based on price and review , thinking that the `` sway '' problem is due to wrong installation , and not with the product . I was wrong . I have 2 inch Hitch , and using the included plastic adapter , and the retaining pin that tightens with a screw on the other side -LRB- which is a hack in itself -RRB- , I loaded up two adult and two childrens bikes . Initial sway was concerning but not enough to stop the trip . The sway increased over 300 mile trip to about 0.5 foot left and right -LRB- total play of 1 foot -RRB- , and increased to 1.5 feet total on the return trip . All the sway action eroded the inside groove of the plastic adapter . I have a Cadillac Escalade -LRB- same as GMC , Chevy , etc -RRB- factory 2 inch hitch . Perhaps people who reported no or little sway problem with 2 inch adapter have different mechanicals that helps the situation -LRB- longer overlap perhaps between the 2 inch rack and the hitch mount insertion ... I am guessing at this point -RRB- . I am returning this to the target store -LRB- or gift it to a friend w / 1.25 inch hitch , if they do n't take it back -RRB- . Aside from this glaring 2 inch hitch adapter problem : Pro :1 . Built Solid - The whole rack and bikes are secure together -- the sway probelms is at the hitch mount for the whole package .2 . Up to three bikes could be carried far enough out from the back of the car to be concerned about scratching the finish . The fourth one mounted near the car should be secured with bunge cords to the other bikes to keep it away from the car .3 . Even with four bikes , I had access to the rear loading window -LRB- push out a handle bar a bit -RRB- .4 . The retaining straps worked well -LRB- I understand the perception of flimsiness -RRB- , but had no issues on mine . The weight of the bikes keeps the bike in place in the groove , and strap is there to position them .5 . Price - Good price and good product -- had I have 1.25 inch Hitch.Con :1 . 2 . 3 . Sway problem with 2 inch Hitch .4 . The horizontal bars -LRB- where bikes rest -RRB- are secured with big hand-tightening screw/handle combo w / no locking washiers , etc. . I could imagin that if I am not mindful of this and tighten it occationally , bikes could fall off.Well , I researched for the replacement , and found Softride 25863 Access Dura 2 . It is 2.5 time the cost -LRB- $ 246.37 from Amazon -RRB- , but it is better than any other one I 've seen , with vertical tilt down for a full rear access of the car/truck . Should have bought that in the first place .
 I thought that they price was a good bargain . Until we put iton our hitch . When we tried to put two mountain bikes on the 4-hitch carrier , the straps kept popping off . They only hold tight if you have a regular moutain bike frame that probably wasmade ten or more years ago . The assembly itself wiggles a lot .
 If you are going to use this in a 2 '' receiver , do n't even bother to get it , it is entirely too unstable and unsafe . Shell out a few more $ $ for a better one.My advice is AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE ...
 I expected a real woolen cap like I had in the Navy in 1957 . To much man made material . In those days they were still issuing caps made in WW @ I guess when oil was acarce .
 The photo shows a hat with thick yarn , with a chunky , sturdy look to it.The actual item was knitted with thin yarn and when held up to put on , you could see daylight between all the stitches.It would not keep any U.S. Navy person warm for long.Service : Hat $ 6.95 Shipping and handling $ 6.30 Return shipping by me -LRB- first class -RRB- $ 1.51 Return fee
 Purchased this item for my uncle , it is described as 100 % wool and as a genuine navy watch cap , the item received was small and clearly not wool , others have described as a cheap knock off , so buyer beware . Sold by
 Unless the Navy has changsd their standards for the wool watch cap , I amafraid the cap I purchased was not the real thing !
 First of all , the label says this cap is made to DOD specifications , which any manufacturer can say . It is NOT U.S. Navy issue . More importantly , I found it to be too small and tight . This hat would not fit any jarhead I ever met ! `` For sanitary reasons , '' the seller does NOT accept returns on hats . And even if they did , their shipping policies on returns would make it more expensive than the hat itself . So unless you have a tiny head , do n't order this hat because once you get it , you 're stuck with it !
 The wool watch cap did serve its purpose , and kept my head warm for couple days . Then I start getting the itch on head , so I figured it because the hat is new . I looked over the care instruction , and could n't find any on the inside label or on the website . Without thinking too much , I put it in the washer and dryer . Now my hat is sooo small that a 1 month baby ca n't fit in . Worst product I ever got on Amazon !
 First time i Washed it rusted , the clamps were still fine and usable , no sign of rust on clamps . Toasts unevenly , have to make sure you flip your bread time to time to get even toasts . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Does n't work , tested it at home with a gas burner , did not toast my bread , a took a long time just to warm it .
 Get them direct from north face for $ 22 . Not sure why this camping store thinks they can charge more than twice the price for the exact same stakes !
 I did n't buy my Elite at Amazon as I got a better price elsewhere . It 's lucky I did as while I waited for delivery I kept reading various postings on the internet bike forums about Thomson 's Elite and Masterpiece slipping despite users greasing , not greasing , carbon paste , no carbon paste etc. . Still there were plenty of happy users who reported no slippage . I noticed quite a few titanium frame users having trouble . I whipped out my vernier caliper and my Litespeed Ultimate showed , luckily , I thought , exactly 27.2 mm . Further reading and research and I found that right on Thomson 's site -LRB- it is n't that easy to find -RRB- they state that their posts are indeed undersized , all of them , by .05 mm . So your 27.2 Thomson is really a 27.15 mm post . In fact here is the link to Thomson 's PDF so you do n't take my word for it . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- well , Amazon deleted the link but you 'll find it if you look . -RRB- That 's fine if you 're using it on a steel frame or use a steel collar . In my case I wanted to replace an older American Classic that slipped in my frame because it mic 'd exactly as small as Thomson 's in my caliper as per Thomson 's website spec . I pulled out an old Campagnolo Super Record seat post and it mic 'd at exactly 27.2 . I put it in my Ultimate , attached a saddle and went out for an hour with some marking tape and had not one iota of movement . When the Thomson came I mic 'd the American Classic and put that against the Thomson , no surprise , they were the same . Though the Campy was n't what I had in mind , it does n't move . Luckily I never put the Thomson in so it will remain new and I 'll resell it as that . The place I bought it from has a restocking fee policy and that , with return shipping would immediately cost me $ 20 . I figure I can do just as well selling it as new and take a bit of a loss . Moral of the story . Get a vernier caliper and do n't assume anything . Measure . Shame on Thomson for not being more forthright with their sizing policy . So I give them 1 star . Maybe it is a great post . I 'll never know . It does n't fit and they give no real heads up . Mark your post sizes as what they actually are Thomson .
 The Thomson Elite seatpost with setback is a poorly designed seatpost with zero forward angle tilt . It is obvious that all Thomson did to `` design '' this seatpost is kink an angle into the tube of the Thomson Elite seatpost without setback and then call it good . What the `` designers '' at Thomson failed to realize is that if you angle the tube back then you have also changed the angle possibilities of the `` infinitely '' adjustable seat clamp at the top of the tube . The major problem with this failed geometric design is that when the seat is tilted all the way forward it is parallel to the ground making a forward tilt past parallel a physical impossibility.Thomson missed the mark when they designed this seatpost . If you want a seatpost that has any forward tilt adjustability at all then this is not the seatpost for you .
 I put this on my son 's head , and noticed that it sat cockeyed . I figured it needed adjustment , but when I looked more closely , I noticed the entire helmet was off center . The pads -LRB- and the velcro holding them -RRB- were all off by several degrees , the part where the strap attaches at the back was set into the styrofoam at an angle , and the whole thing looked like it was made by a disgruntled orangutan.I contacted the company regarding my concerns over their lax quality control for safety equipment - particularly equipment meant for a baby - and their reply was &#34; send it to us with a receipt and we 'll look into it . &#34; I sent it back to Amazon , and wo n't be getting another . Steer clear of this brand and this helmet unless you want to do your own quality check , and even then you do n't know what 's it 's like where you cant see the workmanship !
 We bought this helmet for our 14-month old . First of all , the helmet is too heavy for an infant . The visor is far too long and after a few minutes on , the helmet falls over his eyes -LRB- because of the weight -RRB- , despite the dial adjustment . The worst issue is with the back of the helmet . It 's so thick and bulky and at his current height , the bottom of the helmet ` latches ' on to the back of his bike seat , rendering him completely unable to move his head ! We 've had to place a thick padding on the back of his seat so that the helmet does n't come into contact with the bike seat at all . We 're moving on to a Nutcase and will revisit this one when the baby becomes a toddler .
 I 've gone through two of these helmets . Neither lasted very long before the glue securing the adjustment halo inside failed . I contacted the manufacturer after it happened the first time and was given a replacement . Well , the same thing happened to the replacement . Neither helmet was used more than 10 times before failing . Time for a different brand . It 's too bad , Giro has otherwise been a reliable company in my experience .
 I bought two of these -LRB- 1 year old twins -RRB- helmets . Both helmets , after about the 5th ride out , started to have problems with the cinching mechanism that circles head for a snug fit . This is held on by 5 small pieces of Velcro , two of which stick to the plastic at the back , but those no long stick at all ... even after trying to re-adhere with super glue . So , the remaining Velcro is n't enough to keep the `` halo '' on the head and ends up detaching from the Velcro , then the halo then falls down in front of their face ; which leaves the boys holding up the helmet by the visor and screaming at me from the trailer . I stop fix the problem , then start off riding again . Five to ten minutes later , we are back in the same scenario . I 'm no schmuck when it comes to helmets . I 've worn them my entire life and compete all year in various types of race circuits . I 've also worked in many shops throughout my life and have never seen a helmet designed so poorly . It 's no wonder you do n't see it on the Giro website any more !
 I will admit that the helmet is very cute , adjusts easiest and seems safest vs other styles I looked at , BUT if you look on the inside where the helmet shell attaches to strap you will find the one MAJOR flaw I 'm talking about . The helmet shell and strap are attached by sticky velcro ... sticky velcro attached to smooth plastic . I found this out after I took my two year old daughter for a ride one day and noticed that the helmet was gone and and strap was still on her head -LRB- the velcro tabs stuck together , but the sticker was n't strong enough to hold onto the plastic strap -RRB- !!! I 'm talking about velcro that sticks onto whatever object by a sticker -LRB- like the kind you can buy at home depot on a spool -RRB- . The straps are only attached in two places by this velcro I 'm speaking of . PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE before you buy this , go into a store and check this design flaw out for yourself . I took this helmet back ASAP right after I found this out . It 's for the safety of your kid !!!!
 My one year old did not like wearing a helmet . So , liek most things he does not like wearing , he tried to take it off . And not only was he able to take off the helmet , he was able to completely destroy the helmet in the process . Clealy not sturdy enough to protect him from himself or the perils of the road.Unlike other childrens helmets -LRB- for example the Nutcase which is fantastic -RRB- the fit mechanism is a cheap , flimsy plastic loop that is held in place only by the small velcro dots attached to the hard part of the helmet . And the velcro only `` sticks '' to the fabric band over the plastic fit band . So , if a child tugs at the fiot band , he can easily pull the fit band off the hand part of the helmet and over his face . Once the fit band is removed , the straps that hold on the helmet on the kid 's head are useless . Not to mention the fit band then being a choking hazard `` necklace . `` This helmet is very unsafe for use with kids , and is not worth putting on their heads . I expected a decent product from Giro .
 I was really disappointed with the construction of this helmet . It is basically held together by velcro . Within minutes my child figured out how to get it off his head and pretty much did so every time I put it on . Sometimes the ring would remain around his head -LRB- or neck ! -RRB- sometimes he 'd pull the whole thing off . Within a month all the parts were falling apart . The velcro does n't stay stuck . The adjustment does n't really work on the smallest setting , and the fabric came unglued . I bought a differrent helmet , since this one seemed useless and I want one that will stay on his head , expecially if we advance to a seat not just the trailer . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this helmet and the first day I took my son out with it the padding on the front of it came off . It 's just glued and it came right off . Also , it kept going in his eyes and he hated it . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 This helmet did n't work out for us . On the smallest setting , it was too big for our relatively small 18 month old . ALso , the inside part that you adjust is connected with sticky adhesive , and this came loose when we tightened the helmet all the way . Maybe better for older children .
 at first the helmet seemed just right , ... the tightening mechanism seems perfect to get a snug fit . but within a few days the helmet was wabbling all over my 16 month olds ' head , even though the halo was tightened to her size . it seems that this internal ring is only attached to the helmet by velcro , unlike the adult version which i really like . so ... the helmet is down over her yes , and my daughter is moving it all around as we ride . no longer comfortable or a good fit . too bad ! we are going to try a simpler style helmet instead and i hope it works out .
 After couple of uses , the black plastic strap fell off.Upon close examination , they are attached to the helmet by couple of sticky pads.I 've uploaded the resulting image so please take a look before purchasing this item . -LSB- ... -RSB- Update 7/29 : Returned the Giro and purchased a `` Bell Toddler Sprout Bike Helmet '' . Verified that the horizontal black strap is embedded into the helmet , and not attached using sticky pads like the Giro . I highly recommend taking a look at the Bell instead . It 's also few dollars cheaper .
 This helmet is very cheaply made . The mechanism that fastens the helmet to the child 's head is attached to the helmet by velcro . The velcro that is used to attach the helmet to the straps consists of round velcro stickers about the size of a nickel . My 19 month old daughter was able to rip the helmet off while we were riding . This item should be recalled because if a little girl can rip the fastening mechanism off the helmet ; the helmet would most likely fall off with any substantial impact , leaving the child unprotected . Do not buy this helmet ! Next time around , I will make sure to inspect the helmet at a store before buying online .
 I agree with the review below that rated this helmet a one star . I have been riding for years and know how to adjust helmets well . After the fifth ride the velcro failed and the halo came loose . It does n't go back after it breaks free . On a 12 mile ride I just did I had to stop 24 times -LRB- no joke -RRB- to put the helmet back on my daughters head . It is awful , uncomfortable . Do n't buy this product .
 Version I 'm reviewing
 I bought this helmet because of all the good reviews ... I suspect people who wrote the reviews have not had the helmet that long . The adjustment strap is nice , but it is held on with two flimsy pieces of adhesive and I mean FLIMSY . The tape keeps coming loose and then the adjustment strap pulls down over my son 's forehead and into his eyes . The helmet gets pulled with it as well . The bad part is that even when the helmet is adjust to fit snuggly , it still pulls forward once the adhesive loosens and then pulls forward which means the chin strap starts to dig into his skin or neck . This is NOT a safety feature , the poor design and extremely poor quality is a danger to my child , he is not protect . The few times we have used it , I found I had to keep stopping to put the strap back on the tape and then refit the helmet . I am very disappointed and which the return window for it was longer.The only bonus to this helmet is that it makes the iBert seat look even better because it is an infant/toddler seat that sits in front of the adult rider and because of this design I could see that the helmet was problematic quickly .
 Plastic adjustment strap detached from the styrofoam shell after 2 uses . It was only held in place by a few strips of adhesive tape .
 The product says infant helmet , but it does n't fit my son . He 's a year old , not quite an infant anymore , so i 'm not sure what happened . Until he gets big enough the helmet is a waste of money . I can not recommend it to anyone .
 Helmet seems to have a good system to adjust the helmet size ; unfortunately , after a mere 4 months of usage , the foam sleeve with which the adjustment ring is fastened to the helmet fell apart -LRB- it is flimsy -RRB- . As a consequence , the adjustment ring floats around in the helmet , and the helmet can no longer be adjusted -- and can no longer be used .
 I bough this because it 's for infant , it 's cute , and most of all it 's a Giro . I assume this would be the safest bet for my baby . However , after one drop from the bike onto the ground -LRB- baby not in it -RRB- , it heavily cracked on the edge and got dinged on the top . I called Giro custmer service raising concern about the safety of helmet and was told the helmet was meant to crack easily even if it 's a small bump . And their warranty wo n't cover anything if there 's crash although in this case , it 's just a drop from the bike . Of course they insist that their product meets all government standards.I have both Giro and Bell Adult helmets for many years . From time to time , they got accidently dropped off the bikes but never caused any cracks before . I found it hard to believe Giro 's argument that it 's meant to break easily to protect the baby . So I did a side by side comparison of both Giro 's adult helmet and Giro 's infant helmet . Yes , they are different :1 . baby 's helmet is constructed of thinner foam than the adult one , especially the lower back side , and that 's where my helmet cracked .2 . the top part of the helmet - the part with cute patterns , is made of very soft plastic . You can squish it easiy with a finger and it feels like an empty plastic coke bottle . Versus the adult version is made of very rigid shell like plastic that I can not finger squish it at all . This seems to explain why this baby helmet got dinged very easily on the top.Here I think Giro needs to explain why they made their baby 's helmet flimsier than the adult version instead of insisting that they meet all standards . Espeicially we know nowadays government are not always reliable at watching for public safety .
 I first purchased the Giro due to all the great reviews and was so disappointed when I noticed that it was difficult to `` fit '' the helmet on my son . Pull the left side , right side straps , tighten this and that and it STILL did n't fit correctly . Probably because they are trying to sell this item as `` adjustable for growing head sizes '' , but its not safe when the adjustable head ring is held in by velcro -LRB- not safe in my eyes as a concerned mother -RRB- . I rather purchase a safe helmet that fits correctly and snug as how every child should wear a helmet . Why buy an `` adjustable type '' when it does adjust , but also does n't stay on your childs head as the head ring straps are held in by velcro . I returned the Giro helmet as I am all about safety first and purchased the Bell Splash helmet . Same type of helmet , but the Bell has `` fixed straps '' held in by the actual helmet and NOT velcro . Plus , the Bell helmet has cute flashing red lights for added safety on the road .
 The helmet adjustable straps are attached by sticky velcro and it came apart a week after we bought it ...
 I order all sorts of different products from Amazon . I 'm guilty of reading all the reviews and not leaving any feedback . What can i say , i 'm lazy like that . Of all the various products I 've ordered over the years , I 've never had a product so worthless or made of such junk as this Gire Me2 helmet . Anyways , my wife and i bought this helmet along with another blue GireMe2 helmet for our kids . My daughter is age 1 and my son is age 2 . We received the helmet which sat around in our living room for about a week before we got to use it . When we went to put it on , the back of the helmet was broke . It was missing the ratchet mechinism that tightens or loosens the helmet . THe helmet can not be worn at all , there is nothing to secure the helmet around the head without the adjustment knob . It 's hard to explain , but basically the helmet is broke . Of course I was fairly irritated by this . I 'm not quite sure if we received it that way or if one of the kids broke the helmet playing with it while it sat in the living room for about the 6 days before we went to use it . In either case , if it arrived broken or my children were able to break this helmet that quickly , then this thing is a POS . I called Giro Customer Service to explain the situation and i was hopeful the would send the the broken part for this product . They would gladly send me the replacement parts -LRB- a new interior liner -RRB- for a mere $ 12 i think it was . I do n't have the original box the helmet came in , so i do not beleive i can return the item back to Amazon ... I will check on that other wise the only thing left to do is throw it in the trash . So anyways , if you 're thinking about buying this helmet , do n't . Oh , the other Giro helmet we bought for my son is the same way . Just some slight pressure in on the adjustment knob and it pops right off . CS rep told me there 's a product label for small parts on the package or something like that when i was on the phone with them . I 'm very dissappointed with this product and for the not very helpful CS rep i spoke to a few weeks ago . We went to our local Walmart and bought another helmet so we could go riding without waiting for a new one from Amazon . In the meantime this thing is just sitting around the house . I 'd also like to give a big EFF U to Giro and their POS helmet that we could n't even use once . What an absolute waste of money . So her ' e to my first review ever on Amazon . And in all likelyhood i wo n't post another review unless i receive some other piece of crap product like this helmet was .
 We bought this helmet for our 10 month old who rides in the kiddy seat behind my bike . When she leans back , the helmet flops down over her face like a face mask . It does n't matter how tight we squeeze it , it 's just never comfortable and always ends up over her face . We think this has to be more dangerous than riding without a helmet at all . We 've looked into other companies and nobody seems to make a helmet designed to work well with child seats
 Got this gift for my son for Christmas . When he opened the box , there was only the top half of a ghillie suit . I took a closer look at the box and that 's all that was included . Did n't see that info anywhere else in the online description .
 I do n't often write reviews , but my disappointment with this item should be noted . I bought this to go camping with . The colors and utility of these little guys make them pretty neat . The problem I ran into was the serrated edge of the fork-side . When putting something in your mouth with that side , its easy to tear the corner of your mouth a tiny bit ... but if you 're eating more than one mouthful , it can be painful before you realize what you 're doing . A little complaint , for a little product .
 I spend a lot of time in the outdoors , and I have seen tons of people using these sporks . They 're cute and seem like they should work well . However , just a few months after purchasing them , two of the four have snapped . I would n't recommend relying on these to work .
 Just threw out another one of these . I never did like that the serrated edges on the side cut my mouth . And now , after just a few months of little use , the plastic tines have formed sharp protrusions on the sides , perhaps from someone biting down on it . According to Wikipedia , polycarbonate has low scratch-resistance and can be mangled at room temperature -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . That would explain why we 've gone through several of these . We wo n't purchase any more !
 I was a huge fan of these multi-utensils when I first got them , that was until I started to use them . Every single one of them ended up snapping in half right at the middle . This happened while I was washing them , stirring soup with them , not actually using them hard . I bought these for a three month bicycle tour , and everybody else that I met on that trip that had also bought one had broken it the same way . These are not durable ! I switched to a GSI Foon , and it 's been great with no problems , probably due to it 's lexan construction . To sum up this review , do n't buy these if you need something reliable ! I see that they 've now released a titanium version , I may try that since they got rid of the useless knife ridges , and used a stronger material .
 tines on the fork have broken off and now I just have a short spoon . One of the walmart item 0002096855079 lasted 4 months of everyday use .
 Smart design and colors though the price is a bit steep , especially since they will break sooner than later . BTW , polycarbonate is specifically meant NOT to break , so this is essentially a defective -LRB- too brittle -RRB- polycarbonate . I buy these instead -LRB- and they never break -RRB- : Coleman 16-Piece Polycarbonate Cutlery SetThat 's under $ 8/set if you have Prime membership.Note that the big box department stores usually carry these sets , and the big box sport stores often carry similar , individual , high-quality polycarbonate utensils for under a buck each .
 I bought these because I am a flight attendant and I need non-metal silverware to go through security . I bought the BPA free ones thinking that they would be even better for my health . Sadly , within 3 months all 4 had snapped in half . When each one broke I was n't even using them to cut . I was doing simple actions like stirring food . I will continue to look for a new solution and I suggest that you not waste your money on these and they simply are not durable .
 These sporks seem great at first . However , I have broken way too many of them -LRB- 4 -RRB- . They are too brittle and fragile . Perhaps not at first , but it is only a matter of time before this thing breaks in half , and then you are left with a spoon and a fork . All of my buddies who have tried these in the past have had similar results . I even found one shattered into a million and one pieces inside my checked luggage on an airplane . what the f ! They are sold in 4 packs for a reason ! I have resorted to titanium .
 Beware . This shirt is very short . It hits right at your waist . Not a good length if you 're stretching . It also had a very strange smell at first , which goes away after washing . And the black is a little different shade from the Adidas shorts .
 I was a huge fan of these multi-utensils when I first got them , that was until I started to use them . Every single one of them ended up snapping in half right at the middle . This happened while I was washing them , stirring soup with them , not actually using them hard . I bought these for a three month bicycle tour , and everybody else that I met on that trip that had also bought one had broken it the same way . These are not durable ! I switched to a GSI Foon , and it 's been great with no problems , probably due to it 's lexan construction . To sum up this review , do n't buy these if you need something reliable ! I see that they 've now released a titanium version , I may try that since they got rid of the useless knife ridges , and used a stronger material .
 tines on the fork have broken off and now I just have a short spoon . One of the walmart item 0002096855079 lasted 4 months of everyday use .
 Smart design and colors though the price is a bit steep , especially since they will break sooner than later . BTW , polycarbonate is specifically meant NOT to break , so this is essentially a defective -LRB- too brittle -RRB- polycarbonate . I buy these instead -LRB- and they never break -RRB- : Coleman 16-Piece Polycarbonate Cutlery SetThat 's under $ 8/set if you have Prime membership.Note that the big box department stores usually carry these sets , and the big box sport stores often carry similar , individual , high-quality polycarbonate utensils for under a buck each .
 I bought these because I am a flight attendant and I need non-metal silverware to go through security . I bought the BPA free ones thinking that they would be even better for my health . Sadly , within 3 months all 4 had snapped in half . When each one broke I was n't even using them to cut . I was doing simple actions like stirring food . I will continue to look for a new solution and I suggest that you not waste your money on these and they simply are not durable .
 These sporks seem great at first . However , I have broken way too many of them -LRB- 4 -RRB- . They are too brittle and fragile . Perhaps not at first , but it is only a matter of time before this thing breaks in half , and then you are left with a spoon and a fork . All of my buddies who have tried these in the past have had similar results . I even found one shattered into a million and one pieces inside my checked luggage on an airplane . what the f ! They are sold in 4 packs for a reason ! I have resorted to titanium .
 Just threw out another one of these . I never did like that the serrated edges on the side cut my mouth . And now , after just a few months of little use , the plastic tines have formed sharp protrusions on the sides , perhaps from someone biting down on it . According to Wikipedia , polycarbonate has low scratch-resistance and can be mangled at room temperature -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . That would explain why we 've gone through several of these . We wo n't purchase any more !
 I do n't often write reviews , but my disappointment with this item should be noted . I bought this to go camping with . The colors and utility of these little guys make them pretty neat . The problem I ran into was the serrated edge of the fork-side . When putting something in your mouth with that side , its easy to tear the corner of your mouth a tiny bit ... but if you 're eating more than one mouthful , it can be painful before you realize what you 're doing . A little complaint , for a little product .
 I spend a lot of time in the outdoors , and I have seen tons of people using these sporks . They 're cute and seem like they should work well . However , just a few months after purchasing them , two of the four have snapped . I would n't recommend relying on these to work .
 first of all this review is based on my personal experience and that may vary with you.i weight lift as a hobby , but i do it hard and i enjoy it , i bought these gloves to try a different brand than my regulars , i have been using them for a week or so , and there is already multiple tears and the Velcro stitching is already broke , the gloves stains your hands -LRB- fake colors -RRB- , i never had a weight lifting gloves that fails this fast . and i have been weight lifting for 16 years or more.BOTTOM LINE
 i pushed the size large and it automatically sent me x-large . gloves are a little big . NOT HAPPY ! if the item is not available in the size wanted it should say NOT Available in that size !
 I purchased these gloves as a birthday gift for my husband . He has owned two pairs of Valeo Ocelot weight-lifting gloves and been pleased with them ; however , this pair is coming apart at the thumb seams , both anterior and posterior , after only FOUR wearings . Deeply disappointed ; would not purchase this brand or model again , nor would I recommend them . May or may not be a manufacturing flaw restricted only to this pair , but I would prefer a refund rather than a replacement , if possible , as a replacement pair likely would exhibit the same flaw .
 I read the reviews here and I was excited thinking these things would be amazing . They are nice but after 5 days of wearing the mesh fully tore on the left glove . I contacted Amazon and they offered a refund . I attempted to contact the makers and to this day , still have not recieved a response . I do not recommend buying a product that can tear so easy with no response from the manufacture .
 I bought these based on the high rating of other reviewers , but after the third use , the velcro holding the strap has lifted off the glove and I can see the threads unraveling in other parts of the glove . I do n't understand how some people have such high ratings , these fell apart after a week of normal use .
 The quality of their products is terrible . I emailed them directly inquiring about why has the quality gotten so bad and never received a response or any reply on returning the gloves . Luckily Amazon doesnt operate poorly like Valeo and they handled the return . I had the gloves 1 DAY and they already started falling apart . The ocelot gloves USED to be good years ago but sadly they are no longer a worthwhile product . To anyone looking to purchase these , do n't and save your money . I have emails from 2009 -LRB- when VALEO actually would respond to customers -RRB- and they were aware of the quality issues back then . Sadly nothing has changed ...
 they were soooo good , I went for an identical pair , but they quality has dropped a LOT , it is hard to show in words , these are thinner , awfully stitched , fingers are not cushioned like previous which was a big plus for me , since fingers are not cushioned , the thin leather in the fingers folds and wrinkles and is uncomfortable when grabbing the bar , they feel flimsy ... totally dissapointed with the second pair ...
 I ordered gloves in late August 2012 , and after no more than 2 - 3 times of use per week , they are already coming apart at the seams . They also no longer put padding in the half fingers , and the leather seems thinner and flimsier . The only options Amazon gave me were to return or write a review . I have been buying Ocelots for years , but will be looking elsewhere next time .
 Made in Pakistan ! Total junk , I 'd rather have them from China ! Valeo used to make good quality lifting gloves , 4-5 years ago . I had purchased 10 pairs back then because I liked the Pro Lifting Series Gloves . But sorry these new one 's are total junk and there made in Pakistan !!! The package also says 2010 . Look else where !
 This gloves started off well but they do n't last long . they are washable but do fade so wash by hand , only good for a few months .
 Last week I received my `` Valeo Ocelot Wrist Wrap Lifting Gloves '' . I have worn them 3 times and they are already coming apart at the seams .
 It seems Ocelot was purchased by Valeo -LRB- in 2011 -RRB- . I edited my original review in 2010 , but the date of the review was not updated.While they look like the same glove , they are not . This is what I dislike : - Goat skin is not as durable . Calf skin was much better . Why did they change the type of leather ... local manufacturing sensitivity ? Made in Pakistan -RRB- - Shorten finger lengths . The goat skin is bunching during lifting - Not true to size . My hand is 8 '' around . A large is extremely tight fittingWhat I do like : - Valeo still uses the memory foam - The look - The addition of the terry cloth on the thumbI will no longer purchase this weight lifting glove . Valeo should have left well enough alone . They took an excellent product and cheapen it .
 I bought these a while back so I could have some additional wrist support while lifting , and also to help avoid the cheese-grater and callous effect the weight bars have on my palms . Thus far they have held up very well , and I have been pleased with the purchase . I DO wish the colors were a bit more `` sporty '' -LRB- e.g black leather and red/blue fabric -RRB- , and that it had some sweat fabric on the thumb like a cycling glove , but those are nitpicky things . They fit well , are comfortable to wear , and do n't get smelly . I am very satisfied with this purchase , and would highly recommend these gloves.UPDATE 09/03/09 : After having used the gloves for slightly over a year now , I want to report that they are STILL very solid . There have not been a ton of loose threads or fraying at the fingers , which is good . The leather has held up and worn well , considering I lift 3 days a week and of course the bars are `` grooved '' , which digs into the leather . I have found the gloves to be very comfortable and the elastic on the wrist straps still has a lot of stretch . It 's very easy to get these gloves too tight , but you can just re-wrap . The velcro has held up well and is almost so grabby that it 's hard to un-do sometimes . My hands DO NOT get hot in these gloves . Though I still contend that some terry cloth on the back of the gloves or along the thumb line for sweat would be helpful , it 's nothing a gym towel ca n't take care of . And per my previous comments , these gloves ARE made in all-black , for anyone who does n't want the natural leather look . Hands down , I believe these are some of of the best lifting gloves on the market!UPDATE 08/15/11 : The `` pinky '' finger of the left glove finally split out on me about a month ago . Otherwise , these gloves are still holding up pretty well . It 's a bit of a bummer , actually , because that 's really the only thing wrong with them at this point . I will definitely purchase these gloves again , when I decide my old ones have had enough.UPDATE 12/14/11 : I finally decided to order some new gloves . The old pair had held up fairly well for the abuse they were given , so I thought I could n't go wrong . Turns out , I did . While the old pair was made in either Korea or Taiwan , the new pair was made in Pakistan . They LOOK pretty much the same , but they are not . The leather feels cheaper , and the thumbs feel way too big . In fact , after less than a month of use , the thumbs are unravelling . Also , the velcro strap to tighten the gloves across the top of the hand do not reach the full length of the velcro on this pair . The color is rubbing off , revealing what appears to be black underneath -LRB- unlike the old pair , which just showed worn leather -RRB- . This new pair is VERY disappointing . As such , I have reduced my rating to 3-stars , giving some credit for the first pair but knocking off two stars for obvious quality issues . In the future , I 'll either find these in a store so I can check them out first , or I 'll go with another brand.UPDATE 01/22/13 : I have emailed Valeo about the quality of these gloves and to draw their attention to the negative reviews piling up on Amazon . That was on the 8th , and they have not responded . Thus , dropping my review one star further for poor customer service/response . It 's sad to see a great product trashed like this .
 Greetings , I have been wearing the OCELOT Wrist Wrap Lifting Gloves for 10 years maybe more but I will stop now . Recently I bought a pair of this `` VALEO '' OCELOT gloves only to find out that its made of cheap thin leather . They are NO longer made of tough materials able to withstand the rigours of a days worth of weightlifting . The image gives a false depiction of the true cheap nature of this gloves.The finger sections are made of cheap materials unworthy of a true tough hardworking weightlifting glove they used to be.Already the finger sections are wide and torn just from lifting and I only used them for an hour on two different occasions . If you are going to buy gloves do NOT buy this gloves they are not worthy of a true tough hardworking weightlifting glove . They are nice to look at but that 's about it . They are unworthy of the logo `` OCELOT '' .
 These are by far the best gloves I 've used even better than the harbinger gloves I reviewed . These gloves are very Thick on the palm , thicker than any gloves I 've used providing real good protection from blisters and sores . I have not gotten one blister or sore since using these and the wrist wrap is the best on these gloves.EDIT : January 21 , 2013 As of my last review from about 6 years ago they used to be good and I used to love and constantly order these gloves , But that all changed when I received the new ones . To my shock Valeo did a complete over haul on their once great gloves . I mean what happened , the gloves are thinner no longer have the tough padding that it use to there for the glove no longer provides protection from callus and blisters . The fingers are horrible they are n't padded anymore and feel real flimsy like paper as of a matter of fact paper is better -LRB- not literally just an expression -RRB- Valeo really needs to bring back the good old ocelot gloves or their going to continue to lose customers . In conclusion I no longer use these gloves or any of Valeo 's stuff I have now made the switch over to Schiek USA and the best thing about Schiek 's gloves and belts is there made here in the USA !!! And not only that there gloves have the thick padding I love and because of that have better build quality . For good measure on how good these ocelot gloves used to be and to give everyone an idea I lift four to five times a week and the ocelot stood up well for a good 2-3 years but the new ones only last 3 days out of the 4 to 5 days I lift for the week so heed the warning .
 most of the time foam from palm come to your finger if you taking weight on your finger it , s irritate little bit for wrist support it , s come down mostly you have to open wrist band and close again and again on side from wrist it , s hurt some time
 The gloves feel nice on the hands , but are quite tight , and they do n't fit around my wrists without cutting off the circulation . Also , some of the stitching came apart as soon as I put them on . Afraid these are going back - too bad .
 THE GLOVES ARE VERY LIGHT . NOT THE HEAVY DUTY TYPE I WOULD DESIRE . THE GLOVES ARE GOOD FOR BIGINNERS BUT NOT GOOD FOR PROS .
 I received these gloves in a timely mannor , unfortunately I wish they took some more time.I received two right handed gloves , not a single left handed one . You might see how this could be a problem ... Also , one of the gloves I got already had a tear at the seam of the thumb/palm . I do n't suggest this purchase to anyone.Pick any other brand/company . I literally mean ANY .
 The grib is terrible , the glove is not leather and everything slides off . I have been using Valeo lifting gloves for years and love them , but these are the worst gloves I have ever had .
 I received my Valeo Ocelot training `` glove '' , still waiting for the other . Bubble pack had only one glove in it . Amazon HELP has no concept of partial shipment .
 I bought this for my 5 year old son who is playing T ball this year in kindergarten . I assembled the unit without any issue and on his first swing , the black plastic assembly broke at the plate . He did not swing that hard and he struck in between the ball and the black support . I brought it inside and super glued it and after it dried , he got 3 more good swings at it before it broke again . This time , I completely super glued the entire base and then screwed in 2 bolts with washers where the black plastic flange met the white plate . He got in 2 more swings and then it broke about 1 inch above the plate . I then put in a wood dowel inside the hollow black upright and on the next swing , it broke at the elbow where the black upright goes horizontal . I ca n't say how much a piece of junk this is . Save your money or spend it on something of better quality . My son is 5 , does n't swing that hard , and a device like this should be able to take an occasional hit when the bat does not connect 100 % with the ball . I supervised him the entire time and his worst swing/connection was 50 % ball and 50 % ball support .
 Broke after just a few swings . Threads do n't lock so it just gets whacked a bit and then breaks . A little product development would have showed the flaws in this product rather quickly - no need to mass market it and then annoy the heck out your consumers . Franklin Sports should have the tagline - `` building products that build land fills . `` feh . so annoyed . can you tell ?
 While I had no problem adding air , I could n't avoid losing 10 psi each time I disconnected . I 'm sure this is because I was unable to use the connecting valve as it was intended , because there was no independent movement between the two sections of the brass nozzle . The nozzle is scored , so it looks like you should be able to screw the bottom portion onto the valve first , and then screw the top portion to engage the air release mechanism . I could n't get the two portions to spin independently of each other . So mine was probably just a dud , but that goes to tell you something about the quality ; I 'm not going to bother trying another one.Another big problem , and also a red flag to me when even considering an exchange , was the bleed valve . This feature should have a really subtle effect ; it 's for fine-tuning . After all , each pump only adds a few psi at a time , so it 's not like it 's easy to lose track of time and add a couple hundred -LRB- or even ten -RRB- psi over what you intended . One quick press of `` bleed '' button wastes 40 psi at a time . I was able to overome this by gently depressing just the corner of the button , but this problem just convinced me that this pump was probably made by people who do n't understand the actual ins and outs of a shock pump ; overall , the pump just struck me as a kid 's toy
 Nothing against the product , but the compatibility chart on the website said this rack would fit Toyota Prius 00-09 but it does NOT fit models past 03 , according to the info manual with the rack . Of course , I have an 04 . Next time I will call the company first instead of depending on website info . Otherwise the product looked good and arrived quickly . It is probably not really fair to give this a one star rating for this reason , but I 'm hoping other prospective buyers might take note and double check before they order so as not to be disapointed .
 I bought this rack after reading the `` positive '' reviews from other customers that it was easy to assemble and use . WRONG !!!!! First , it barely fit two adult mountain bikes . Second , it required about 5 bungee cords and towels for padding ... and the straps still did n't tighten welll . It took about 30 minutes each time of loading and unloading the bikes . Finally , the hatchback was nearly impossible to open with the rack in place . I highly recommend just spending the extra $ $ and do not buy this one !! Maybe this is okay for someone in `` Hollywood '' but not in Colorado !!!
 I ordered this based on the amazon.com description that this bike rack fits `` most '' minivans . Well , I have a 2012 Toyota Sienna , and it does not work with it . In fact , it does not fit 2011-12 Toyota Siennas , any Honda Odyssey , 2008-12 Chrysler Town and Country or the 2008-12 Dodge Caravan . Last time I checked , these models represent `` most '' minivans , and this listing is not provided anywhere in the amazon description . For these models , you likely need either a hitch or rooftop mount.A lot of hassle to order it , unpack it , read the instructions ... then repack it and re-mail it.Rack looked sturdy , but Amazon and/or Hollywood Racks needs to include better information and should remove misleading statements about this rack fitting `` most '' minivans .
 We returned this as it did not fit our Ford Explorer or Jeep Grand Cherokee although the picture had a SUV in it .
 First off , I purchased this for use on my 2009 Honda Accord sedan . It does not fit the trunk properly as the lower section of the trunk is plastic instead of metal . The instructions state not to secure the straps to any plastic . Regardless if this bike rack works on minivans or suvs , I still could not get 4 bikes on the rack without the bikes sustaining cosmetic damage ! I have decided to return this bike rack in search of another that will fit my vehicle and more importantly , 4 bikes !
 While this product seems to be well-built , it simply wo n't accommodate four bikes . Fortunately , Amazon was great about taking the rack back . I 'm going to install a hitch and forget about getting lots of bikes on any tailgate or bumper-mounted rack .
 This bike rack looks great , but I have no way to assess that . The Amazon site does not give any list of vehicles this will work with ... . it does NOT work with any Honda Odyssey ... . I had to call Hollywood Racks to be sure . The one rating is mostly for the lack of information from Amazon . I am very disappointed as I am trying to find a way to haul 4 bikes and a pop up camper and also have a way to just haul the bikes when the camper is n't going with us . I was hoping this was a solution.The rack is very heavy weight and appears to be very well made ... . I really wish it would have worked . The plastic third brake light spoiler is the issue . There is no way to hook the rack to any metal . Oh well , back it goes ...
 This gun is absolute crap . Bought it for my son last X-mas . Lasted for about 4 months before the gear box and hopper started having issues . Everytime we replaced something , another item broke . Total waste of money and ICS does n't back their product . Stay away from this junk !
 I purchased this item , and left feedback , but pushed `` enter '' too soon . Here is my review of this item : The item states hip holster , yes . But the picture that goes with it clearly shows it being used as a tatical leg holster , with a mazazine pouch , leg straps , and a strap to attach it to a belt . All I received was a lone holster -LRB- not even with a mag pouch ! -RRB- , which I would not have spent this money for , if I had known . Seller offered to have me send it back for a refund , but I would have spent $ 5 for initial shipping , plus more to ship it back , and have nothing for it . Seller -LRB- who does seem very polite -RRB- admits now that the picture is not accurate and said it would be changed . I wish I could include the current picture here , in case they change it . It shows a leg sideview , with a gun in a holster , which has a mag pouch , with straps around the leg , and a strap going up to and attached to a brown belt.I feel deceived and disappointed .
 Do not buy this sweatshirt if it is really for a tall person . I was upset because this was a gift and Amazon said I would have it before Christmas which I did n't . but when I got it I was so glad it was late . The arms are so short and it shrunk so much when I washed it . I would have been embarrassed if I would have given as my gift .
 I 'm 6 ' 3 &#34; and a big guy so i ordered my pullover hoodie in 4x tall . When it came it was paper thin and the sleeves stop above my wrist . the Gildan hoodies are half the price and better quality . so much for trying to buy a better named product . never again
 The size was okay , not as big as I hoped for and the neck opening was too small . My husband cut the opening to create more room . I 'll know better next time .
 Beware , this item is NOT a zip front hoodie as the item description says . It is a pullover !
 It was too small and instead of returning kept it for my husband still a little snug and too short .
 IT OK BUT ITS NOT LONG ENOUGH I WOULDNT PREFER THIS TO NO ONE EVEN 360 AROUND THE WORLD HA
 I did n't expect this to be a high quality dart board but I did expect it to work . No matter how hard or soft you throw a dart , when it hits the board it drags down at least 3 inches . This is a horrible product and it is not usable in the least bit . Do n't waste your money . Spend an extra $ 10 and get a real magnetic dart board if you still want a cheap one .
 I first purchased one of Pelicans headlamps in 2001 and just recently it started to have problems with the switch . Well it has a life time warrantee but I thought well `` it had a hard life and did a good job '' I guess I will just buy two more that should last me for the next 20 years ? Boy was I wrong ! Less than one week and one of the two is already not working right . You have to push it together to get the light to come on , good thing I purchased two , at least one of the two works . I thought they were made in the USA but maybe they would work better if they came from China ? I will be sending both back for repair my advice they should stick to making boxes .
 this sword really does suck . im a sword collector and i currently have six swords including this sword . 1st of all , its not worth yur time or $ . 2nd of all , the wrapping sucks . when i first got it and took it out of the box , the wrapping was all scwered up and messy . lastly , the blade and the guard are so loose you cant pick it up without it wobbling all over the place . the pictures always show that the sword looks good , and it does look pretty cool -LRB- in the picture -RRB- but they never tell you how bad the wrapping is and stuff . also , the sword doesnt even fit in the wooden scabard !! that 's what really made me mad becoause i was thinking id just hang it up on my wall , but the stupid sword doesnt even fit in the scabard that was made for it ! this sword really sucks and i dont recommend it . i was thinking of just taking out the blade and i could probably make a better sword from household materials .
 yes , for 15 dollars this is about what you should get , although like has been mentioned the sheath was poor quality -LRB- i personally had a mass amount of saw dust residue in mine , so whenever i drew the sword it came out coated in dust -RRB- and i ended up just smashing the thing . who needs one when you can run around like a madman flailing a sword anyways ? the blade on the sword started to turn from poor design also , so i modified the hilt myself and now it stays true . it also should be known that the hilt wrapping is quite poor , but that is just a personal opinion . its basically the wrap you find on the plastic ninja swords from the fair . oh also the handguard was snapped off on one side , so that was kind of odd . my friend and i double ordered and his was just fine though ... none of the defects listed above .
 One Star because I absolutely had to . Where are the negative stars?I bought this stand for roughly 25 bucks at Novamusik.com . Yeah , it is a cheaper stand , but I am writing this review because it 's advertised in such a way that will surely mislead someone to think that it is something that it is not . First of all , the stand is your standard tripod boom stand , which is a tripod based straight stand with a boom attatchment -LRB- for those who have never purchased a boom stand before -RRB- . The stand is made of tubular steel , and the metal is actually decent . The boom attatchment is fine . The main issue with this stand is the polycarbonate base upon which the legs are attatched.It 's plastic . The legs are atttched directly to plastic by a screw . The packaging and the website both brag upon this design flaw stating `` The legs will bounce back if stepped on . '' This is n't the case at all . If you step on it , the plastic turns white and weakens before it breaks . There is no mechanism , there is no shock absorption system in this stand at all . I had JUST opened the package and I was testing the resiliency of this `` feature '' when the leg snapped away from the base . Yes I applied more than necessary force , yes it was stupid , but nontheless I feel that I did n't apply the same level of force that someone would have if they had stepped on it . I told Novamusik not to worry about replacing it as I knew It was my fault . I never intended on pretending that this was some fluke accident.This `` bounce back '' feature was what made me buy the stand.This `` feature '' is not even a legitimate safety feature . They are rationalizing the fact that they cut corners . Of corse the base is flexible ... its plastic . It 's like automobile makers that make plastic bumpers that proclaim `` if you get into a wreck , just put some heat on the bumper and it will bounce right back '' it 's a cost saving measure that they market as a feature but ultimately , the base is weakened and was not designed for this purpose . It can be more accurately described as a one-time feature . Like a motorcycle helmet , the one time you hit it , you weaken that styrofoam , and it is no longer effective in it 's purpose.Every other boom stand that I have seen , that I own , that I have paid a similar price for , the legs are attatched to metal.Also , the packaging states that the stand has `` replacable parts '' this is also blatantly untrue . I called and spoke with Scott Rickett -LRB- spelling -RRB- who said `` Well , how much did it cost ? '' implying that the cost was negligible , and continued `` It 's just too cheap for us to stock individual parts for so we just sell the whole thing . Im sorry , and I hope you choose quicklock in the future '' in a way that was very disingenuous . He did say that it sounded like my breakage was considered out of warranty/misuse and I did n't argue that . I was really hoping that I could get a replacement stand at cost or something because their advertising was definately misleading . Overall he did not sound interested in speaking to me at all , and the entire conversation was rushed.Oh , it should also be noted that in the small number of times that I tightened and loosened the clutch since the other day , the rubber on the grip is coming off on the inside.So to sum up , there is no shock absorbtion system in this stand , and it does not have replacable parts . Quicklock will not stand by their product 's advertising . Do not buy this stand . Look to Ultimate Support or On-Stage Stands for better quality products or perhaps even better customer support!For the record , I do own a keyboard stand of theirs , a 2 tier keyboard stand . I purchased this stand to hold an Audio Technica AT4040 that I bought with the stand . Im glad I got a more durable studio boom stand.Please see my customer images of the misleading advertising and the resulting product.E
 It 's so difficult to find a dual analog and digital watch , especially at this price . I ordered this watch from another vendor and was very disappointed to find that the digital display is BARELY visible . I called Bulova and was told by their engineering department that the photo of this watch -LRB- as are many watches -RRB- is significantly enhanced . I was further told that Bulova has received complaints about their analog/digital models -LRB- although I have n't see any others from Bulova -RRB- . Bottom line is this is a great looking watch -LRB- rubber strap extremely cool -RRB- but has an unforgivable flaw , you can read it ! Do not buy this watch based on the stock photo . You will be disappointed with the digital display . One other thing , if you do buy this watch and are reading the instructions , please note that to my knowledge , it does NOT have an alarm check -LRB- as the instructions indicate -RRB- nor do you press the B + C buttons to enable/disable the hourly chime . It 's the A+B buttons .
 Length :
 My car has a U-haul Class 1 hitch of 1 1/4 Inch receiver , but the pinhole of this product does not align with the pinhole of the receiver because there is a stopper inside the receiver . This may fit a Class 2 hitch with 1 1/4 or 2 Inch receiver , but not Class 1 .
 I used to ride nearly every day , but once I had kids , the free time really started to wane . My older son is almost 3 , and my younger is 1 . My wife bought me a trailer to take the kids for rides , but due to my younger sons allergies , the dust in his face did n't make for a fun time for him or big brother.So I tried out this front mounted carrier thinking getting the litte one up front out of the dust would help . The concept was great . But this seat just is n't what it touts . Yes is mounts in the front , ON SOME BIKES . But because there is n't a lap bar or anything to keep the kids hands busy , they tend to roam to the bike controls or onto the handlebars which causes a safety hazard . Lastly , I tend to be flexible on things , but one thing that does n't make me happy is that with the childs arms able to dangle out the side -LRB- very little side support or closure -RRB- , my son decided he wanted to touch daddy 's knees as I rode , and he sprained his wrist because he reached down just as my knee was coming up while pedaling . Definately not good.I like the idea of moving the kid up front , it would be more fun and interactive , but this seat just does n't cut it . Maybe something with a lap bar or higher sides , because the opportunity of roaming hands and arms is just too great .
 I am disapointed in this product . It does n't fit my bike -LRB- REQUIRES 2 '' FREE SPACE BETWEEN TOP & BOTTOM BARS ON FRAME -RRB- which is a pretty standard women 's bike . Even if it mounted to my bike , the seat back hits me in the chest and my knees hit the bottom . It also makes steering difficult which poses a huge safety risk for everyone involved.This seat may work for a tall thin person with the right bike , but it does n't fit us .
 they sent me the rings not the bases . if you want gun stuff go to cheeper than dirt . however when i got these mounts from cheeper than dirt . they rock mounts are good . whoever works for amazon and sent the rings not the bases needs a new job
 USPS lost the original shipment . Amazon customer service replaced the watch . Very happy with Amazon speedy solution to the ploblem of USPS sloppy handling of the original shipment
 this sword is garbige and shouldent even be called a sword , there is no tang to the sword ether , theres just a long screw that is holding it to the handle , so dont ever buy this sword , its risky cuz of the facked that it could fly out of the handle and stab someone , for that mony you could but a bokin thats stronger , in facked me and my freand were fighting with them and the sword bent
 Any sword that is only $ 15 is in fact very dangerous . These swords are called wallhangers because they are only designed to by hung on a wall , not swung . The reason is that underneath the handle is a very small piece of metal that connects to the blade itself . -LRB- Called the Tang -RRB- In a real martial arts sword , the tang is normally a thick piece of metal that is almost the thickness of the sword itself . If you swing this the wallhanger too often or too hard it can break at the tang , and fly off and hurt someone.If you want to learn more about how dangerous these wallhangers are do a google search on the words
 The Valeo 75 cm burst resistent ball was not as advertised on the box . When I first received it , the ball material appeared sturdy , though it was kind of thin . The 75 cm size is appropriate for someone over 6 feet . After about two months of use , the ball exploded . As the package suggested , a small hole would occur allowing for the decompression to occur over a period of seconds or minutes . Instead , a tear covered about 70 % of the circumference of the ball -LRB- perpendicular to the small ridges in the ball -RRB- causing the ball to deflate suddenly . The material is just not strong enough to contain a tear to a small portion . Luckily I was only a little bit scraped as I was only sitting on the ball , but if someone had been doing crunches , they would have gotten hurt as the fall occurred at freefall speed . Try to get a ball with stronger/thicker material that lasts longer , and resists bursting . Also , I noticed that the burst remnants of the ball were somewhat lumpy inside , which suggests that the manufacture of the material was poorly carried out .
 Do n't Buy this Ball unless you are seven feet tall . The ball is of a very high quality . The problem is , it 's huge . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' tall and I can not get on this ball . It 's wall to tall , it 's twice the size of a normal exercise ball . Try a smaller one.Good exercising.Mike
 This ball arrived and it was OK that it was n't pumped up . The pump was very difficult to use , though , and I had a very hard time getting a good grip on it . Then my sons took the ball outside for a quick run around the house one day . They did n't realize that it should n't have gone outside for any reason . And sure enough , even though I paid the price for the Burst resistant ball , it sprang a slow leak and became completely unusable . So I folded it up and put it back in the box . It was a very expensive lesson to learn . I wish I could get my money back .
 This ball is a bad product , as it deflates so significantly between every use -LRB- daily -RRB- that I have to pump it up again for at least a full minute . Do others have this problem ? I 'm going to try to return it .
 The first one I purchased had a slow leak and the second one after about two weeks burst dropping me painfully on the floor . Please note it says `` burst resistant '' not burst proof .
 These seem to be very good quality , sturdy enough for heavier people . A good size . Very easy to use .
 I got this as a recomendation to help me exercise my knees and I had a 45 minute workout just trying to inflate the darn thing ! It comes with a very small and VERY CHEAP foot pump to inflate this HUGE ball . After I finally got it unflated it was fine .
 The material for this ball is too thin so it can not be inflated sufficiently to be a secure platform for the strength and balance exercises I like .
 First of all , this ball smells TERRIBLE , and is coated with some sort of waxy/greasy substance . I know that sounds like a disgusting joke , but it 's true ! I inflated the ball per the instructions , and once inflated , it had OBVIOUS cracks in the plastic . I 'm 8.5 months pregnant , and I `` m so happy it did n't pop while I was on it . Amazon is totally awesome at returns and shipping , as always . This product is mediocre , and possibly dangerous . Returning tomorrow !
 This is the 2nd ball I 've purchased through Amazon that came mislabeled as 65cm . The first was the TKO -LRB- which , by the way , is much better quality than the Valeo -RRB- . I ordered 65cm and both balls , despite what the boxes said , were only 55cm . I already have a 55cm ball -LRB- which is correctly labeled BTW and which I did measure to make sure that it really is 55cm -RRB- . I 'm starting to think it is impossible to get a 65cm from Amazon !
 I did n't use this ball very much -LRB- twice a week at top -RRB- , but it developed a leak in 5 months . Very disappointed . Not durable .
 Either this ball does n't pump up to the full 55cm or the description and estimations are wrong . I 'm not quite 5 ' 3 '' and I have short legs . So , based on reviews I had read this ball sounded like it should work . Short with short legs ... Nope . It was still too small . I did like the ball itself and the pump that came with it . So , I bought the 65cm ball which has worked out well . That one , however , does not pump up to the full 65cm without getting to hard to work with . If you 're going to buy a stability ball make sure you ask a trainer or someone which size would work best for you based on your leg length and not necessarily your height .
 This ball is huge I ordered the largest ball because I 'm 6 ' 0 tall . This ball was as big as my living room chair . I had to beat on it to get it through the doorways of my house . I also faceplanted off of it onto the livingroom floor , broke my glasses , and still had my lower body up on the ball from a simple reverse crunch . Be careful you have to really learn how to keep your balance on these balls . It is not just a toy . I no longer have mine because my cat popped it when my son sat her on it and she pushed off with her claws . I would suggest getting a smaller size to begin with and get one of the videos to teach you how to use it .
 I specifically ordered the ball because I wanted a 75cm ball , this ball is much smaller and does not fit the tape that it comes with , the tape remains slack . That is the biggest disappointment for me . The ball works fine for a smaller ball but what 's the point of paying for it if it 's not the size you want ? I was deployed when it was shipped , so I am too late to return it and either way I would have to open the box and blow it to see the size.I hope someone lets Valeo know of this discrepancy .
 This thing popped the first time it was used . And I only weight 160 pounds , so it 's not what you think !
 MUCH smaller than other 75 cm balls I use . I work at a computer and use these balls as a chair . I 'm not sure why this one is so much smaller than the other 75 cm balls I have used in the past ... maybe I was sent the wrong size.This ball also gives off a strong chemical smell .
 I ordered a 65 cm ball -LRB- I love them and have 2 already ! -RRB- . I started blowing it up , the pump split in half -LRB- fixed it with duct tape -RRB- , and kept trying to blow it up to fit the inside diameter of the measuring tape . I inflated the ball to ~ 65 % and it exploded into 15-18 pieces -LRB- smells really bad , BTW ... -RRB- . My guess is that there was a blue 55 cm ball in a 65 cm box . The only markings on the ball were `` N 163 '' . I was unable to correlate this online with any Valeo product to ensure the correct diameter size . Sooooooo , BE CAREFUL !
 This ball is probably made of cheap plastic that includes crappy chemicals . It smells sooo bad that it gives me headache . Do not buy it ! I am not sure if that odor is healthy to actually breathe.God it is annoying !!!
 Blew up the ball according to instruction . Heard air escaping immediately . Checked over ball , and saw it had a nick/small cut in it where air was escapinging . Pressed LIGHTLY on the area to further assess , and ball tore . NEVER even got to use it . ABSOLUTE JUNK .
 I read the instructions carefully , and tried to inflate the ball as described in the instructions.First , the included cheapie plastic pump split a seam within 3 minutes . Since the ball ca n't be inflated with a standard sports ball needle , we had to jerry-rig a patch for the pump , and continued to try to inflate the ball with a -LRB- now -RRB- leaking pump .15 minutes later , taking turns because it was so difficult , we got the ball * almost * fully inflated , according to the included measuring tape . Deciding not to press our luck , we got the plug ready , pulled out the inflation nozzle , and the ball popped straight down the center.Let me emphasize this
 When I took it out of the box , besides its extremely strong chemical odor , I noticed it seemed to have some kind of wet substance all over it that rubbed off on my hands when I touched it -LRB- the consistency of lotion -RRB- . I have no idea what it was . On the plus side , it comes with a measuring tape to let you know when it is inflated enough . However , the pump that comes with it was extremely labor intensive and a lot of pumping did n't accomplish much . The smell and the wet feel of the plastic was enough for me . I 'm going to buy another higher quality brand . I guess you get what you pay for !
 The 75cm Valeo Body Ball -LRB- `` burst resistant '' per the box -RRB- performed faithfully for seven months until it ruptured yesterday . I am 6 ' 4 '' , 200 # and was prone using two 10 # dumbbells when it burst beneath me and dropped me face first on the smooth concrete floor . The tear was nearly fully circumferential around the middle of the ball . Fortunately , I only had a couple of small abrasions . The ball had no previous damage , leak or or other warning sign of weakness or impending failure . It was replaced with a more expensive , stronger ball that is now used with a thick foam exercise mat underneath .
 This product worked well fro me until it popped when I was using it . I am well within the weight limits of the ball and it burst after only a couple months . I had inflated it using the tools provided . On the plus side they did send a replacement . If you want to do this right , put the extra money down for one of the gym quality balls , this could be you by but may surprise you one of these days .
 I was trying to order the large silver ball to use as a desk chair , and I clicked on that color . When there was a red ball at check-out , I assumed that it was the generic photo of the item . Just in case , I did a second order , clicking on the silver box again . Nothing came up telling me that it was n't available , or that it came only in red . -LRB- Several colors were shown in the boxes below . -RRB- You guessed it
 Like other buyers , I too got the wrong size ball - 55 cms Blue ball . Unfortunately I waited too long to inflate it so have missed the return window and am stuck with a ball I can not use . Advise to other buyers - dont wait too long to evaluate the product . I am 5 ' 7 '' and bought this ball to use at my work desk . Now I can not use it because its too short and I will have ergo issues -LRB- which I thought I would fix with the Ball , in the first place -RRB- . Waste of money .
 ordered size 65cm ... the shipping was fast , but after pumping up the ball , I realized it was 55cm only . Although the box printed 65cm , the measuring tape -LRB- which is part of the package -RRB- was much longer than the ball . So I have to return for an exchange , and hopefully the new one will come at the right size.will update again once I receive the new ball .
 This ball does n't hold air . I 'm not sure if it oozes air from the small hole it came with or the valve . The hole is rather a thin spot -LRB- in the already thin rubber -RRB- that might of developed after sticking to itself . Not worth the money . I do n't think it would pop with average weight put on it .
 I was very excited to receive this product today , but it became fairly clear as soon as I started inflating it that it would be nowhere near the advertised 75 cm diameter . I followed the inflation instructions , using the tape , and there is no way the tape can be tight on the ball.Also , I do n't recommend using the pump . Mine cracked shortly after I started inflating the ball .
 I purchased three -LRB- 3 -RRB- of the 65 cm stability balls for circuit training boot camps I run . When they arrived and I blew them up , each of the three balls were a different size . I blew all of them up the most I could and undoubtedly they are all different sizes . I did not want to hassle with returning them , so I make due , but in the future I will not buy this brand for my fitness studio due to the inconsistencies .
 I am not sure what I expected from the cheapest ball out there . The ball is egg shaped . I used the measuring strap and did not over inflate it . I do n't know if this is common or not , but I would not buy another one .
 This is the second or third one of these that I have purchased . I have issues with my sciatic nerve and I can sit on this ball and watch tv and it does n't set off the nerve . My problem is that it does n't hold the air and it 's hard to fill correctly . Maybe we 're doing it wrong , I do n't know . Otherwise , when it 's blown up , it 's great .
 Functionally speaking , the ball works like it 's supposed to , as does the foot pump it comes with . But it came out of the package covered in a film of greasy residue , and even after wiping it down with lysol wipes and letting it air out overnight , it still REEKS . It smells like a mixture of car tires and plastic cups melting in the fire . The fumes are making me sick . I hope the smell goes away ... but I have bought other yoga balls and did not have this problem .
 This ball is super small . It says `` 75cm , '' but it 's smaller than the 65cm ball I used when I went to physical therapy for my hips while pregnant .
 This ball randomly sprung a leak after only 1.5 months of use . I was initially relatively happy with the purchase , given the price and positive reviews . However , after my experience , I would not recommend it.Furthermore , the really cheap pump that comes with the ball cracked during the first pump , and I had to use duct tape to hold it together to finish inflating the ball.I would not recommend this as a quality buy .
 I enjoyed the ball for about three weeks , but I discovered it split in two pieces one day for no known reason . I plan to get another , but not this brand .
 The ` blue ' body ball that was sent to me was not blue . It 's white with some blue print . The pump did n't work right so I used a rocket type pump that came with a ball I had purchased from another company . Plugs and pumps seem to be interchangeable . The quality of the ` blue ' ball is good . When I opened the box it looked like the ball was the wrong size but it expands to the 65cm . My first thought was wrong color , wrong size . No inflation directions enclosed in box only an excercise chart . Ball is OK , pump is not . I was not happy but did n't want the return hassle . If you are n't fussy about color and have a back-up pump , go for it .
 The 65cm ball is quite a bit smaller than advertised . I inflated it pretty good and it 's still a lot smaller . If you want a true 65cm ball perhaps you should get the bigger size ball . The foot pump is cumbersome to use but if you only have to inflate it once it 's not that terrible . The material also has a strong smell , and actually made me feel a bit ill after using it .
 At first glance , product is just what I wanted . Ball is sufficiently thick rubber and seemed durable . Inflating it is a pain as the pump provided is cheap and slow but eventually ... effective . It took forever but I inflated to the recommended size . Used it a few times over several weeks , noticed the slow but progressive deflation . It was NOT used for vigorous exercise as I am middle-aged and just wanted to do some stretching . Two small g/kids also played with it -LRB- all use being on wall-to-wall carpet -RRB- . I stored it inside for a short while and upon retrieving it , found it deflated , as expected.Upon trying to re-inflate , I found that the seam on the bottom of the pump had split -LRB- had used no more than twice -RRB- and was leaking air . Tried taping it to facilitate inflation . It took nearly hour to inflate the ball but finally achieved . Only used the ball a couple minutes and set it aside to do other things . Returning a couple hours later , noticed the ball was 1/3 deflated . This thing will not hold air and the pump is almost totally useless.BOTTOM LINE
 I received the Valeo Body Ball today and started to inflate it using the included pump and measuring tape . The pump was a pain to use and kept slipping . It took me about a half hour to inflate to 58 cm -LRB- it is a 65cm ball -RRB- . I decided to under inflate it because I am only 5 ' 4 and therefore on the small side to use this size ball.I used the included plug and left the ball sitting in a corner UNUSED for about ten minutes . All of a sudden , there was a giant WHOOSH of air , my dog freaks out , and I look over my shoulder and the ball has burst . It burst cleanly down the middle . I am very upset and will try to return it . I never sat on it or used it in any way . It was sitting on carpet . Worst product EVER .
 Ball seemed nice but realized its a 55cm even though I had ordered 65cm . I notice few others have the same issue . I am returning this product .
 Seems to be a trend that they are shipping the wrong size ball . The box correctly said 65cm but after trying to blow this up for 20 minutes I realized I could not get it any larger and the measuring tape was off by many inches . The ball diameter is for 55cm . The tape seemed to be the right size for a 65cm ball though.I 'm sending back for another try . If things work out I 'll update my review based on the ball itself and not the shipping -LRB- Or packaging -RRB- mistakes .
 I could barely stand to blow up the ball without opening the window . All parts -LRB- ball , pump , and measuring tape -RRB- smelled of cheap plastic . I washed it in the shower with soap and water to try to get the smell off , but it did n't help . I 'm leaving the window open for another 24 hours to continue to let it air out before I spend much time around it . -LRB- I do n't think that vinyl smell is healthy . -RRB- The plastic also feels thinner than the previous exercise balls I 've had in the past . It was the cheapest ball of that size on Amazon , and I guess I got what I paid for . I 'd rather have spent twice as much had I known that it would be made of such cheap materials .
 I ordered this brand-new from amazon.com . But after I inflated the ball , it kept deflating . According to the instruction manual , a plug and a tape measure should have been included . Neither were included in the box . Very annoying ! I am returning it for a refund . Do n't waste your $ $ $ .
 After having this ball for only 2 weeks , it popped while I was sitting on it , not moving , on carpet . Not a fun experience for someone with a bad back .
 I ca n't speak for the functionality of the ball because as soon as I took it out of the box the plastic smell made me sick ; just try opening a new shower curtain liner and multiply that smell by 10 . My intuition also tells me that anything that reeks like this is toxic to inhale . I left it out for 3 weeks , even washed it but to no avail . Anyone sensitive to toxic chemicals or plastics should steer clear of this one.Nu-Source has a similar body ball that does n't stink . If you have the same reaction to the Valeo plastic I recommend you try the Nu-Source instead.You can find it on Amazon.com
 Extremely poor quality . Unwrapped it and found FIVE HOLES in pump , nozzles did not fit on ball . Could not inflate .
 Owned for 1 week ... no instructions for inflation w / included foot pump . ball sheds strips of plastic from all the seams and was covered in a greasy residue that was very hard to remove . it stinks , the pvc or whatever , off-gases a very strong chemical smell that washing has not lessened . It has to stay in the garage because it stinks up any room it 's in . holds air reasonable well . buy something else . made in china , of course .
 This is a decent ball , but not if you 're over 150lbs . The rubber is thinner than some other companies -LRB- like Gymnic -RRB- , so the ball tends to flatten out when you 're using it , giving very little resistance . I have a Gymnic ball as well , which holds shape beautifully , and I 'd recommend that .
 My wife and I found out that these exercise balls are a blessing with our children . Anytime they 're fussy or sleepy we just cradle them and bounce them to sleep . We are both taller than 6 ' so we bought the 75cm ball . Well it popped under my 160lbs wife and our 8 month old daughter . ON IT 'S VERY FIRST USE ! Stay away from this brand !
 This balance ball arrived with a very cheap inflating pump . After fighting with it to stay together long enough to inflate the ball , and enduring a terrible chemical smell from the ball -LRB- the package was labeled that it contained cancer causing toxins -RRB- , we finally had a balance ball . Unfortunately , it sprung a leak within 30 days from normal use . I 'm returning it . So glad Amazon has a good return policy !
 This ball took me 5 minutes to inflate using an ELECTRIC pump . You could never inflate it with the pump provided . In addition , the ball is `` sticky '' compared to other balls I have used in the gym I frequent . I bought this because the price was low . If I were you , I would pay more for a better ball .
 The pump nozzle cracked down the middle within minutes . Took forever to blow up . The `` measuring tape '' that came with mine was completely the wrong length . The ball wo n't stay inflated & on mine the stopper just keeps popping out . Cheap cheap cheap . Am returning and do not reccommend this product .
 When i received this item not only did they send me the wrong type of air pump so i could not inflate it ; after trying various of other pumps i realized the item was defective , the inside of the ball was made wrong and it was all stuck together so there was no way to inflate it with any type of air pump . By the time i realized it was defective the expiration date of sending it back was over due . I would say if you are looking to get an exercise ball do NOT go with this one choose a different one
 I have had several exercise balls in my life and none of them were as challenging to inflate as this one . The instructions were vague and did n't explain how to use the `` tools '' which still confuses me . The ball attracts every piece of dust and lint and hair , but maybe after washing it off it will perform better .
 Twice in a row I received a 65cm ball within a box labeled for the 75cm ball . That 's right . The wrong ball in the box on two different orders . Valeo may be a good company and the ball looked like it was well built , but beware that their packaging may be inaccurate . Amazon is correcting this error by helping me to get another ball at the same low price , but I will not risk purchasing from Valeo again .
 I too have received blue a 55 cm ball in a 65 cm package . what give 's ? It appears they even color code the balls . April fool 's pranks in the manufacturing plant must be lingering ; -LRB-
 This ball is too small for an adult , even a small adult ... . I bought this for my 5 ' mother & it was way too small !
 I purchased two of these and both stretched out at one spot and are no longer circular . Not used by heavier folks and not used often . Would not recommend .
 I wanted to try out the ball I heard so much about but didnt want to spend much so I purchased this one . It deflates easily . Dont buy it .
 The air pump is cheap and flimsy . It took me 25 minutes to inflate this ball and towards the end of it the spring in the pump broke so now it 's useless . Once inflated , the ball lives up to its expectations but now if I have to reinflate it I have to go to buy a new pump . I 'd suggest buying a exercise ball that 's Made in the USA .
 I bought this ball from a local big5 sports store , smells like toxic chemicals . I wonder why the heck they use such low quality material if they expect people to touch/skin contact the ball.I also highly doubt the many people who gave this product 5 stars have their nose plugged when they use it.Anyways , I come here to look for some fitness balls made of safe , high quality materials . Any suggestions will be appreciated .
 After a few short months of use as a chair , the ball developed a leak and stopped doing , well , its duty of being an inflated ball . I found the leak , covered it with some glue , and pumped it up several times , but it always deflated . I wish my $ 12 had lasted a bit longer.Otherwise , this 55cm ball was a good size -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- . You ca n't choose the color -LRB- 55cm is pearly white -RRB- . The pump is easy to use but takes a while , slips often , and makes an loud squeaking sound . Also it 's made of cheap plastic , and ripped along a top edge eventually . Was easily repairable with a piece of duct tape .
 i thought this ball was a great deal with so many great reviews on it but i was really disappointed when i received it . you really get what you paid for . i got a different type of pump than the instructions called for and it was missing a plug , so we could n't even keep the ball inflated after we went through all the trouble of blowing air in it . it 's made of cheap materials and after i started reading the 1 star reviews of it popping during usage , i decided to return it . i ca n't risk that since i 'm pregnant ! amazon is a great place to buy stuff because you can see all the reviews - i 'm just so surprised this has an overall 4 star rating ! do n't get it ! spend an extra $ 5 or so for a better one . amazon was great for returns and refunds though .
 Like C. Richards , below , my ball burst after less than a year of light use . I was n't seriously hurt , but it was a fairly ridiculous spectacle . There 's no reason the material should fail so quickly if it 's not being misused and abused .
 The seat is kind of hard for long sitting . There are cheapter options out there .
 This packag size will not pass TSA regulations . I bought this product for air travel and never got to use it .
 Optics Planet advertised shipment in 3-5 weeks . After 30 days I emailed to see if it was in stock yet & Optics Planet replied stating that it will be at least 4 more months before they will have it in stock .
 The adjustment buttons have always been difficult to operate . They take alot of pressure and are sometime just plain unresponsive . Now the alarm mode quit working . You could buy a dozen Casios for the money . They would look about the same , not be so difficult to adjust , and last longer .
 This thing is a waste of money - my dog -LRB- A feisty Jack Russle , just as is pictured on the box -RRB- quite literally could n't climb up that stupid thing to save his life !!! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY - YOU 'RE DOG PROBABLY WO N'T BE ABLE TO CLIMB UP THIS !!!
 I bought one of these for my 60 pound black lab who loves the water . We tried various installations -LRB- `` we '' are handy people and a carpenter -RRB- on our wooden floating platform . We followed the manufacturers instructions , and the ramp definitely had the support that it needed according to those instructions . Our dog was so patient and just kept trying and trying to climb up . However , the ramp would flex and become too steep for her . She had her claws completely out , trying so hard to grip the slick plastic surface . The grip would n't have been such a problem if the ramp would n't have become too steep . Also , I must note that we got the large model - so it was n't like we just got one that was too small for her weight . So we returned it , but got stuck with the shipping cost . Overall , it was a very frustrating experience , and now we 'll be spending more money on what we hope to be a more sturdy solution ... doggydocks . I have been unable to find reviews on any dog water ramp , so hopefully i 'll have better luck with this next one . I guess that you get what you pay for in this case . Maybe it would work if you had a very small/light dog that was n't afraid of slipping .
 We bought this because we have a new puppy . As sent , it was useless . Not even adult dog could get out . The problem is the hard plastic surface . When wet , it 's slippery -LRB- doh ! -RRB- . The dogs ca n't get on it to get out of the water , and even when helped , they ca n't `` skamper '' out . We ended up buying a rough rubber door mat and lacing it onto the surface . Our pool has the same edge configuration as that in the illustration and promotional sales material does n't make it clear that you have to drill holes in the concrete deck to place the anchors for the ramp . This product is a bad design poorly executed .
 Very disappointed in this product . My dog could not get out of the pool with this device .
 I am sure I am following the instructions correctly . I have read all the positive reviews here , and understand what they say about how easy it is to adjust the length . If it is that easy , mine are just defective . I pop the caps off the handle , and try to slide the rope out the opening , but it will NOT budge . The metal cringe is kinda stuck on the top side of the plastic handle , where I can not reach to even tinker with it . Heck , I bought this after reading the overwhelmingly positive reviews , but have to say that I must belong to the small minority that got saddled with the defective pieces .
 Would be nice if it were adjustable as suggested . Search for reviews online , you 'll find that a portion of these jump ropes from VALEO are sent defective.Buy anything else .
 I recommend getting the RX rope , with bearings and optional wire sizes . I went through two of this style - Nike 's and this one , before I finally caved in and bought the $ 35 RX brand.Not terrible , but anyone doing double unders or wants to use this on a regular basis should invest in a better one .
 I bought these a few years back and figured I would finally submit a review for them . I 'd probably stay away from these . I used them probably 20-25 times when they broke at the handle . Since I still had some rope left , I was able to fix them ... for a few more weeks , when they broke again at the handle . At that point , I decided that jump roping just was n't my thing and threw them in the trash.It 's certainly possible I just had bad luck . I actually did n't have the problem that many reviewers state in adjusting the rope 's length . I just do n't think the quality is there . My jump rope saw very limited use -LRB- I did n't jump rope for more than 5 minutes at at time -RRB- , and it still did n't last being used more than 2 dozen times.I 'd probably go with another manufacturer for jump ropes , although this one certainly wo n't break the bank if you decide to give it a try .
 Do n't waste your money , it broke while I was adjusting it and now it sits in my garbage pail ... . Very poor quality .
 This jump is perfect in every sense , the length is perfect , the grip is great and easily adjustable but it has one BIG drawback the so called `` Durable solid rubber rope '' is n't as durable as mentioned it keeps breaking . You will notice how fast the 10 '' rope comes down to 5 '' .
 Great price , but too long . For a 5 ' 3 '' person , its too long , and the adjustment is not feasible . Also , the rope itself HURTS when hit by the extreme length .
 I 'm about 6 ' 1 and it always hits me in the back of the head i got pissed off and ripped it in half after about a week of use probably fine if you 're shorter just thought I 'd give a heads up
 If I wanted a pice of cable wire , I could have easily cut a piece from the plethora that I see hanging on my nearby light-pole .
 Had no problems w / delivery -LRB- and I live in The Bahamas -RRB- . The high quality of the rope is noticed upon opening the package . BUT , my major issue -LRB- like some of the other consumers state -RRB- , is adjusting the rope . Wish it was easier to adjust . I ordered the right length 9 ' for my height 5 ' 11 '' meaning I should NOT have to adjust it @ all but I do and the caps -LRB- on the package it says to remove them -RRB- on both ends wo n't budge , I 'm stuck and honestly thinking of purchasing another rope .
 After only a couple of months of light use the bearings in one of the handles is shot . Using the jump rope quickly winds the rope up .
 I purchased this rope a couple of months ago and just noticed how bad of a beating it has taken . The spot where the rope meets the ground has been worn half through . Now I do n't jump that often , -LRB- in fact during these couple of months , I had to take a two-week break due to injury -RRB- so the product has not been through a lot of wear and tear to be in this poor shape . The only thing I can think of is the three times I jumped on my patio , which has a rougher surface texture than my usual spot in the garage . Still , it looks like it 's been through a fight with a belt sander . I 'll look elsewhere for a new rope . -LRB- And soon , apparently . -RRB-
 Having spent many frustrating hours trying to get the rope crimp through the narrow ` throat ' in the handle , I have realized that the instructions are for a different rope , and that this rope - with a very narrow throat in the handle , can not be adjusted . I did n't bother to return it as the return shipping cost is a significant percentage of the price - so I 'm just writing off the cost and will never again buy a Valeo item .
 Rope was hard to adjust . had to get a screwdriver to remove cap . Then adjusted rope to my height and started . Rope got all twisted up and ball-bearing did not spin at all . Threw it away . Only good thing was that it was really inexpensive .
 I enjoyed it for two weeks . I jumped every day and I was loving it . Then it snapped at the handle . So sad .
 EDIT *** AFTER TWO MONTHS THIS THING SNAPPED IN HALF RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE AND ALMOST TOOK MY DAMN EYE OUT ! DO NOT BUY !! I never would have thought that jump roping would be more of a work out than running but it really is ! I have been jumping for a little over two weeks and my pants already fit more loosely ! This is a really great quality jump rope ! Very durable and will last a long time ! It is also very easy to adjust , all I needed was a pair of needle nose pliers and the rest is pretty simple to do yourself.THIS IS A MUST BUY!Miscellaneous
 It just curls up and knots up no matter how you store it . It 's a bad product.Bought it and simply ca n't use it .
 The rope comes pretty long . There are instructions on how to shorten the rope . You open the handles to expose the crimped end of the rope , with one extra crimp to use after you cut to your desired length . You get one shot . I cut it , put the crimp in place and squeezed it , which broke the crimp and sent it flying . The rope was ruined before I spun it even one time.Spend a couple more bucks and get a decent rope .
 I purchased this item in August , 2011 . Since then , I 've been using it for only dozen times . Couple days ago , it broke in the middle part where it hits the cement ground . I suspect it 's because of the winter temperature . But I 've been keeping it in my garage where it should n't be too cold . Not recommended !
 The rope did not turn with the handles , so after 2 or 3 jumps you 'd have to stop and untangle it , which basically made it not worth the effort.I got a Gold 's Gym brand one from a local store for $ 5 . Works great .
 I hate this jump rope . I did n't have too much trouble adjusting it , just popped off the plastic cap at the end , pulled it in to the length I wanted and then crimped the additional metal crimp provided . However ... As soon as I started jumping it started to twist and after about 25 jumps it was tangling around my feet and I had to stop and let it hang to unwind , then let it hang from the other side to unwind more . Not only is this annoying in general , but it is even more annoying when you are doing interval training and trying to beat the clock . After the 2nd interval of skipping I simply threw it on the ground and pretended I was skipping rope.Stupid , stupid jump rope . I am throwing it out . It was cheap , but you get what you pay for .
 The rope is pretty nice out of the box . . but once u get to re adjusting its length according to your height - its a downhill journey from there on . The metal clamps provided just bend out of shape and then there is no way of getting them on to the readjusted length.I also tried the option of simply tying a knot with the adjusted length - the drawback here is that the rope will not rotate freely when your are skipping it and will just get tangled . . Disappointed at the design . .
 Not sure if others experienced the same thing . This jump rope broke at the handle after only two days of use .
 I purchased two of these and they have BOTH snapped under normal wear and tear . You get what you pay for with this product .
 If this jump rope was made of rope instead of cable it might be ok . but its not so its like trying to jump rope with an all kinked up orange exstension cord . Its not pliable at all , very stiff and will not straiten . I keep catching one foot or the other , very frustrating . The length is good and the handles spin nice but all that counts for nothing when you cant keep a steady rythm .
 Same problem ; could n't get the clamp out of the handle . How do you mess up something as simple as a jump rope ? Seriously , you 're better off finding a rope and hooking swivels and wood to the ends yourself . It 's that easy . I wish I did before buying this .
 First of all , the rope is really hard to adjust . I literally had to yank the metal cap holding the rope apart , and ... the cap snapped in half . I thought I was retarded then , but since the rope was adjusted in length to my linking , and the rope seemed to turn without any resistance , I did n't think much about it . However , when I do the jump rope quickly , the rope does not TURN WITH THE HANDLE . Unpractical piece after a min -LRB- or less -RRB- of usage.AVOID AT ALL COST.Just get a jump rope from a supermarket . That will serve you far better .
 cap ends difficult to remove & even after shoterning with pliers to correct length , the `` rope '' remains kinked and difficult to use
 I adjusted the length fairly easily , that 's not a problem . The 2 problems are :1 -RRB- the plastic rope itself never straightened out from being in the package -- always had kinks in it .2 -RRB- the ball bearings did n't work smoothly and after a minute of jumping , I had to stop and untangle . that sucked ...
 AdvantageMedical was out of stock did n't ship till way after the date But are very nice people.This rope i would n't recommend it is a jump rope but not a speed rope it is a thick rope and the last few time 's i used it the two end 's met up with each other a few time 's
 As everybody else said , adjusting this thing is a big problem.Some other reviews said that it came with and extra crimp but I do n't recall receiving on of those with mine . When I went to adjust it I tried just cutting off the extra and tying a knot , but when I put it back in it didnt fit and messed up the bearings inside so I could n't jump for more than two skips with it.I 'm exactly 6 feet tall by the way and it was a few inches too long for me , so unless you are super tall I would n't recommend buying this.On top of that , the rope curls and knots up really easily making it even harder to use.The only reason I give it two stars is because it 's only 7 dollars ... you get what you pay for , I guess .
 This jump rope is made of some type plastic and not actual rope . Due to the cold weather , I have yet to get it to straighten out enough to even try to use it . You could call that a nice way of saying most likely more junk from China . Since packaging was thrown away upon opening , ca n't verify that , but if not then still junk .
 This jump rope keeps twisting while you try to jump and is dangerous ! I almost tripped over it several times . I even tried to place weights on the rope overnight to stretch it out and untwist it , but that did not help at all . Also , it is almost impossible to adjust for your height .
 I would give this rope five stars if it was n't so hard to adjust the length ! It was way too time consuming and I eventually settled for tying a couple knots . If you 're not 6 ' 1 '' I recommend finding one that 's easier to adjust the length of !
 The rope appears to be sturdy and quality-made . However , it 's impossible to adjust the length . First of all , the directions say to unscrew the rope handle from the black plastic cap . The cap does not screw off ; it pops off . I would n't complain about the incorrect directions as it is easy enough to figure out , but the rope can not be pushed down through the handle to the opening . At one point in the handle , the tunnel through which the rope must pass becomes too narrow to fit the rope and metal crimp . There is no way to reach the end of the rope to shorten the length . If able to adjust the length , I would give this rope 5 stars .
 it looks good but it twists a lot . . so one needs to stop to untangle it . it does adjust for height but not in an easy / pretty way .
 I literally used this jump robes for 3 times , and it broke right in the middle of the rope.It is ridiculous , I will never shop this brand again , so disappointed .
 I guess everyone here giving it a positive review is jumping inside -LRB- ie . on a basketball court , etc. ... -RRB- but if you use it on concrete or asphalt , it will wear through VERY quickly . If you are good with your hands/tools , get a 6 or 7 foot length of steel braided cable -LRB- the kind that is wrapped in plastic -RRB- from Home Depot or Lowe 's . It lasts much longer , and it has a great weight . cheers , G
 I 'm not sure if there are several different designs on the market , but this speed rope was IMPOSSIBLE to adjust . I 'm pretty handy and have access to lots of tools ; did n't matter . After 20 minutes of swearing Valeo to the depths of hell , I gave up and returned it . I bought two of these speed ropes . Out of four handles , only one end of the rope could be extended through the handle for adjustment . This resulted from an obvious design flaw of a narrow passage on the handle . Save yourself the trouble and buy a competitor 's rope .
 Talk about false advertising . There are actually two models - one where you can pull the rope through the handles , and one where the handles are narrowed so you can not pull the rope with attached crimp through . The Valeo website only lists one model ! I obviously got the latter model , which after 20 minutes of attempts I realized is simply not adjustable unless I were to go in and break the crimps.Very disappointed in this .
 I just got this jump rope . It is way too long so I was going to adjust it . I popped the caps off the end but after lots of effort , never could get the rope out of the handle . It is if they made it a permanent length . I tried needle nose pliers , a long screw driver , pushing , pulling , ... . All a waste of time . Sending it back.How hard is it to make something this simple ?
 This was a fine jump rope while it lasted . I purchased it in May and it was pronounced dead by the middle of August . Rope snapped off at the end of one handle , as if the friction of turning had burned it clean through . I skip rope outdoors for about thirty minutes four or five times a week , so it 's not like the Valeo endured excessive wear . It 's just made of cheap materials , I suspect . I wo n't purchase again .
 Bottomline , it was really stiff and never loosened up/untangeled well . Also it broke from the handle easily as well . I would definitely look to another vendor for a jump rope product .
 This is literally just a thin rubber cord inside of two incredibly cheap plastic `` handles '' . The string is supposed to be held in place by a small plastic ring that the cord is slid through , thus preventing the cord from exiting the end of the handle .
 Used it everyday until the rope broke right at the handle . I adjusted it and then the other side broke . Worked for about three weeks.I suggest finding one that has a better rope not made out of rubber .
 This jumprope is horrible . It constantly gets twisted while you 're jumping . It 's too long , so I shortened it , and that just made the twisting worse . I would NEVER BUY THIS AGAIN . I really wish I had n't already used it , because I would love to return it .
 I bought it at its original price and started using it recently . I used this rope for about two month , about 1000 jumps every day 6 days a week . It gave out today . Yesterday the middle of the rope had been broken in two . I taped it with duct tape . Today the rope at the handle swivel snapped . It 's become irreparable . It 's more rubber than rope . It wore away faster than I 'd like . For $ 11 breaking after using for two months seems unacceptable .
 I was supprised this item is made of a vynal rope or plastic of some kind and is stiff and not very flexible , kind of odd , not what I expected . For the money why not a high quality rope ?
 This is not a good product . The rope itself is stiff . How can you jump over a stiff rope ? Took it outside in the cold the first time I used it and , well , I could n't use it . Brought it inside to the gym the second time , still could n't use it . A complete waste of money .
 This rope comes at it 's max length with very difficult to adjust metal clamps . First , the directions to adjust the rope are not comprehensive . Secondly , the metal claps which hold the end of the ropes in the handle are too easy deformed making it extremely difficult to do it correctly and/or to be able to slide it down the rope to the appropriate length . I failed at this and tied a knot instead because it was becoming too epic . However , if that happens there is a 100 % chance the ball bearing on said jump rope with no long function on the knotted-side handle thus creating tangles in the rope almost immediately.This product is trash , the design and the construction of the clamp is absolutely criminal and goes against every law of common sense and engineering . Therefore I highly recommend buying a similarly priced but superior product from a competitor -LRB- as found at local stores near you for similar prices -RRB- .
 Impossible to adjust the rope . The instructions on both the product card and the manufacturer 's website do not match the rope handles . It is impossible to push a 1/2 '' diameter washer -LRB- the crimp ring -RRB- thru a 3/8 '' crimped section of the handle to adjust the rope length .
 I had to return this product because the rope was too long , I could not find out a way to adjust the rope at all . No directing comes with this product so I had to return the item .
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I bought it on August and it was ripped off on September the same year . Please do not buy this product . It will only cost you money . Bad combination of rope and grips . I spent almost $ 10 w / shipping and handling for nothing . And the instruction manual says that you should try it for at least 12 minutes everyday while I was trying only 3-4 minutes . If I used for 12 minutes , I 'm afraid it would be ripped of faster than that . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 He tenido otras cuerdas para saltar y este es la mejor por el peso y la flexibilidad , las mainllas son muy comodas la recomiendo
 Luckily I only ordered a jump rope , which I will donate to the school for the heart assoc. jump . The product was a birthday present for a child and obviously opened . The rope was way too long and difficult to adjust . Returning is not an option since it does not meet their totally unreasonable requirements below . `` We accept returns for items that are 100 % complete in original , unopened packaging and in re-sale-able condition , with all packaging , manuals , cables , registration cards , accessories and UPC label and an unbroken seal . We reserve the right to refuse a return on any product that does not meet these requirements . There is no trial period on the medical equipment we sell nor do we make any assurances regarding therapeutic results.Returns and/or exchanges must be completed within 30 days of purchase . All returns are subjected to 20 % restocking fees . `` Buyer beware !!!!
 I went to the website -LSB- ... -RSB- and saw the instruction i took off the black cap with ease but there is 2 mental clamps are seem impossible to get out of the handle and can fit through the handle hole either so impossible to adjust from this point ...
 Adjusting the length of this rope is quite difficult because of the design of the metal piece inside the handle . Also , it tangles very easily . I have to `` untwirl '' it after each set . It 's not that big of a deal , but I would not purchase this item again .
 What people say about adjusting the length is true . I had pliers , wrenches , and the works and still adjusting the length was a major problem . Also , the rope had been so tightly wound -LRB- and too quickly packaged -RRB- that it seriously still has a crooked shape when extended . Very poor manufactoring/packaging . The bearings are nice though , and the rope otherwise works . I recommend it only for people who at 6 ' 5 '' and do n't have to adjust the length .
 Here is what the instructions say : Step 1 -RRB- Unscrew rope handle from black plastic cap . Set handles aside.Step 2 -RRB- Push rope down through end of cap so both metal crimp pieces are visible ... And despite being a reasonably smart and handy guy , I could not pass step 2 . Under the foam grip , the handle is sort of hourglass shaped . The design/production problem is that the crimp and rope are on the side of the hourglass closest to the handle , already crimped . The right side of the hourglass has a cap at the end , which is removable . However , it simply was not possible to get the rope and crimp through the narrow gap near the center of the handle so that it could be taken out through the uncapped hole and shortened . Got ta love Chinese manufacturing . Cheap cost . Cheap design .
 this rope is very long , you can not adjust it even if they say adjustable , I think they should remove this word adjustable for unadjustable , Also it comes to me not well packed , bottom line this is the worst i ever purchased .
 It could have been a great product except it broke already after only two days of use , no abuse or anything , never hit anything while using it on a very open space with no obstacle . The cable snapped while I was using it , However , it was great when it did n't break it was a little pain adjusting to it but as long as you have pliers it easy to adjust -LRB- I actually used two pliers . -RRB- I gave it one extra star , it may be just a fluke that I had a bad one but I 'll give this another shot .
 I bought on Monday then It 's broken on Wendsday ... It can not last even one week ... TRUST ME ! DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 I do n't know why all the jump ropes seem to be made out of this plastic material but it remains coiled up and is very hard to use as a result .
 ya ok its a nice rope for the price of 8 dollars . Adjusting it is not a problem , but if you are really into jump rope training i recommend the aero speed jump rope by buddy lee . it may cost $ 40 but it is all worth it , easy to adjust , delivers a great workout and you will never need another rope . just check it out for yourself.Aero Speed Hyperformance Jump Rope
 The following warning is on a label on the back of the package this jump rope came in : California Proposition 65 Warning : This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer , birth defects , and/or other reproductive harm.Needless to say , I am returning the item and will not use it . I thought jump ropes were supposed to help prevent diseases like cancer ...
 The adjusting is not the problem , took 2 sec -LRB- though remember to measure twice , cut once -RRB- The rope itself was useless though , winds up into a useless ball
 MAy be this rope is for professional , I do n't know . I hurts so bad when it hits you . I do n't think that Imma ever use it again . And it is sooo long .
 I 'm a fairly skilled jump roper and always keep on in my gym bag to warm up or as an alternative to speed runs on certain days . I purchased this jump rope a few months ago and thought that once I had broken it in , it would do the trick . Unfortunately , after months of bruising myself during basic exercises , I tossed it and I 'm currently looking for a replacement . This jump rope is not worth one dollar , do n't waste your money .
 Looks like I wasted my money on this . I should 've taken 1 of the reviewers advice and not buy it . This jump rope clearly states that it has cancer causing chemical/materials . I was afraid of using it so I threw it away . Oh nevermind , I used it once but it is n't a great jump rope at all . For the price , you have a chance of getting cancer and a not so good quality piece of rope .
 I read the review that pointed out the rope contains carcinogens and other toxic chemicals -LRB- there 's a warning on the packaging , but not in the product description online -RRB- , decided to go with another item , and then accidentally ordered this one anyway . I must say it smells so toxic that I do n't think I would bring myself to actually use it , so I 'm going to return it ...
 the speed jumprope does not make it easy to change to your height . The bolt is already smashed down on the rope and you can not remove it to reduce the length of the rope . I just do 25 jumpropes and then uncoil the rope . Would not recomment this type .
 This is not No Fkin Jump rope this is more like a BELT ! this thing is so Thick that when i will Jump rope with it & it will hit the floor it sound like the floor is about to brake & when it will hit me sometimes it felt like i was a black slave !
 I used this rope frequently . It performed great while it lasted but on one workout session , the thing busted through the center . This rope did not match my quality expectations and left me in the want for another jump rope . Do not buy this product .
 I was expecting a bit too much but after 3 weeks of use the jump rope handle ripped from the rope itself . You get what you pay for so find a better rope but this one please try to avoid . Its not worth it
 I bought this for my son in college . He is mechanically inclined but could not get one of the end caps off . I decided to get a couple of other brands and he is much happier with those .
 after saw all the good reviews I decided to buy this jump rope ... but it just broke apart this morning after just a few times use.Don ' t waste your money on it .
 crazy creek II sit on top kayak seat
 I only had this product 2 weeks before the tube snapped . The resistance was pretty light -LRB- should have got the heavy -RRB- , the foam handles nice , but now ... unusable .
 The first one broke after about two weeks . The replacement tube broke after about ten days . Recommend NOT buying it . It 's poorly made .
 I bought a medium resistance and a heavy resistance band . I broke the medium resistance band almost immediately . The tubing snapped right at the handle on one end . I threw it away and started using the heavy band . After a couple of months the tubing snapped at one end just like the first band . I tied knots in the tubing to keep it from pulling back through the handle and continued using it . A couple of weeks later the other end of the tubing broke . I tied knots in that end too . Now I have a short VERY high resistance band which is working fine so far . I am not a very strong guy , so these bands must be for real wimps . I do like the really comfortable handles .
 I should have suspected that these bands may break fairly easily due to their inexpensive price . I purchased them for the P90X workout , and during the first workout I broke both the handles off the second heaviest band doing exercises they show on the box . -LRB- Standing on one end of the cord while pulling the handle for a tricep workout -RRB- . Once the handles broke off I do still actually use the bands themselves for the workouts , not near as comfortable ... but still has decent resistance . During our second workout the handles broke off the red heavier duty bands as well . I sent an e-mail to Valeo directly to see if they would send a replacement but I never got an e-mail back .
 I have bought 2 of this tubes , and the same thing happened , they the handles came off , I contacted the company and they did answer the first time and sent me a replacement , but only the first time , now I wont buy this product because the company wont replace it even when they know their product is defective . Do n't buy it !
 I purchased this to work out a problem with a shoulder . After less than two weeks the handle came out . I managed to get the metal ball back in the tubing only to have the other handle snap off too.I was not willing to work that ball in the tube on a regular basis . So I made chunky knots in the tubing which of course shortened it . Then the tubes started to snap . They did n't last as long as I expected . I reviewed this product on the site where I originally purchased it and the manufacturer sensored the review and sent me an email that they never heard of this happening ! They deleted my review . So besides a bad product the manufacturer is less than trustworthy.Follow up - after a week , the company I purchased from reinstated my review after a letter of complaint.Follow up from Valeo . The company contacted me after reading my review . When I described in detail the problem they immediately sent me a new one ! This new one is made differently . I would definitely deal with Valeo again considering they looked ME up to correct the problem .
 Terrible . . the tubing stretches out and do n't return to its original resistance.I do n't recommend this product at all.Valeo Resistance Tube
 Terrible . . the tubing stretches out and do n't return to its original resistance.I do n't recommend this product at all.Valeo Resistance Tube , Light
 My son received this as a birthday present and was so excited to use it ... he loves baseball . We put it together and on his second `` pitch '' using the Tee stand , the stand broke . It has a great concept of attaching the ball to the base with the rope but when a 4 yr old can break the stand by simply swinging , it 's not made very sturdy .
 I purchased this for my Grandson . We set it up and he hit the stick when he was batting and it broke . Game over !
 The first time my three year old swung and missed the ball , the stand went flying from the base , breaking the connecting piece . Had to heavy duty glue it together , making it not so portable , so he could use it . Other than that , it 's great .
 My 3 year old grand-daughter broke this the first day using a plastic wiffle ball bat . Very overpriced for poor quality .
 I bought this T-Ball set for my 7 and 4 years old . The third swing broke the stand in half . My four year old was using a soft bat , nothing that should have caused that kind of damage . We had to duct tape it together in order to continue playing . The bases are nothing more than a lightweight piece of foam . Not worth the money ! Needless to say , we were extremely disappointed in this product and promptly returned it . Do not waste your time and money on this item .
 I would rate this product at less than one star . I was highly disappointed in this product . The bat that comes with it is large and clumsy not suited for small hands . The Tee does not attach to the stand very well and once you get it to stay a three year old can break it and make it non functional . You would be better off purchasing a small Tee ball bat and ball and making a stand from PVC pipe .
 Should have read the reviews before buying it , but the price was pretty good and loved the fact that you can easily remove the stand from the base , BUT , the first time my 6-year old hit the stand instead of the ball , the stand broke off the base ! It was quite expensive for about 2 minutes worth of fun ...
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004YUYJ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_imgI ordered the Franklin Sports MLB Complete Tee-Ball Set for my grandson 's birthday present . Everything went fine until we opened the factory sealed box and found some parts appeared to be missing . Sue enough parts A , B , and C which are the flanges that attach the tee to the base are missing . So now my grandson has a Tee-Ball set with no Tee . Please advise how I can receive these missing parts . Thanks . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004YUYJ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img
 This is the second one we have owned , and they both suffered the same fate . Present for my two year old , who broke the stem off the bottom -LRB- plate -RRB- quite easily . it worked for the remainder of the season with Gorilla Glue . Received another identical model with bases for a B-day present two years later , and I though they had to fix the design flaw ???? In about four hits my four year old broke the stem off in the same fashion as before , which I attribute to the plastic threads not being long enough . In addition , the included base were made of such of a light material they blew around the yard in a 7MPH wind . Taking this overpriced garbage back to the store , will never purchase another set with the same stem design . Franklin must have tested their products on a 9 month old , as any force on the stem separated the unit into two pieces .
 I bought the pad to give me cushioning on my bottom and not raise my center of gravity too much . It does the second well , but minimal cushion . Look for a pad with 1 &#34; cushion and at leat 4-5 &#34; larger on front to back depth .
 Bought a couple of these to place on hard plastic kayak seats . Our butts would hurt after about 1.5 hours of paddling . After adding the yakpad , our butts hurt after about 2.5 hours of paddling . Not worth the money to me ; I expected more .
 Hard as a rock . I ca n't imagine how this is better than the 4 dollar stadium seat I picked up last year.I 'll be considering returning this item if its not too much trouble .
 I ordered Power Systems Soft Touch Balls . Joe Muscle sent j/fit Toning Balls instead . The j/fit balls will probably be OK , and I do n't want to hassle with an exchange , but as a result of their product substitution I will never place an Amazon order if I see `` Joe Muscle '' as the vendor again .
 You get what you pay for . This pedometer broke after using it a few times . The clip on the back cracked after attaching it to my thin cotton pants . I glued a strap on it so I could keep using it and 3 days later it stopped counting . It just says 0000 all the time . I only needed something to work for 8 weeks for a contest I am doing and this failed . The same thing happened to the 2nd one I purchased . At least I did n't waste to much money on them .
 It does n't pick up many steps at all , its hard to set , and it came with a dead battery . Even if it is cheap , it is n't worth it
 Disappointed in performance of this inexpensive pedometer . Does n't accurately do anything . Would not recommend .
 Never worked properly . Do n't waste your money . I purchased a simple replacement that pretty accurately records steps at a dollar store , for , you guessed it , $ 1 !
 Well thought this was going to be a really tough tire . But not , it was very easy to get flats & finally it died a slow death . So will not be getting any more of this brand .
 I bought a set of these several years ago , and had trouble getting them to fit on the rims on two different bikes . It was hard to avoid a flat spot where the tire would not sit in the rim , as if the tire was just a bit too small for the rim.I also had one puncture pretty early on riding on a gravel bike path , nothing too crazy . This was a complete tire failure , not just a hole from a nail . End of tire , no repair possible.You get what you pay for , and you can buy better tires for a little more money .
 i wanted a 700 c tire . so i put it in and all these tires popped up . So thinking it was what i wanted -LRB- bec i put 700c tire -RRB- . i ordered it , a week later of no riding i get the tire . so not happy when it did n't fit on my bike . upset , take this tire out of this category , looks like a great tire tho
 WHAT I LIKE : - Very cheap price . - Treads are deep for decent traction . Seemed like it would be good as a snow tire on my road bike for the winter.WHAT I DISLIKE : - The wheel material is very crappy and will break easily . - The tire came deformed , with a huge bump on the sidewall -LRB- see photos -RRB- . Probably caused by the cheap material and make.Would not buy again .
 These tires are not the best out there . I bought them for the winter months because they had more of a mountain bike tread . The problem is they are not that well made . They are all out of balance and made it feel as if my front wheel needed to be brought to the shop . After switching back to road tires I really found out how bad these tires where . I 'm going to skip these tires next year and go with my slicker tires .
 They do n't hold up well during the Summer , when the pavement is Hot ! The heat causes the Tire Tread to weaken and bulge , in several spots , and become progressively worse with continued usage.You can not use these tires in places such as California , Arizona , New Mexico , or any part of the country where heat from the pavement will destroy them .
 I was taking PT , via doctors orders , when I ordered this . I had the therapist review it and she said she would not recommend it .
 I had one of these units or something very simular , and it just did n't work . It was supposed to give altitute based on barometric pressure . It just did n't work at all.I set it at known elevations -LRB- Blue Ridge Parkway overlook signs -RRB- and traveled to the next sign . The readings were all over the palce . Not one accruate reading.I contacted Bushnell and they admitted the unit did not work as it was supposed to . They would not give me my money back . -LRB- $ 75.00 -RRB- Insted they sent me there botom of the line binoculars which I would n't pay $ 25.00 for . I say they should stick to optics , but I have steered clear of the company alltogether .
 I bought this product with hopes of using it on camping trips in place of the air mattress I normally take . The air mattress is such a pain and I thought this would make for a good substitute . The product review said something about being good for camping and I think one of the reviews said the same . However after getting the product I discovered that it is almost as hard as the tile in my living room . There is no reason to use this when camping you might as well sleep on the ground there would be no difference . I can see how this could be handy for other uses but not for camping or sleeping . The other thing is it is huge ! The description said it was about the size of a suit case , I would say in thickness this would be accurate but not in overall size . I am 6 foot tall and it was several inches above my waste in height when folded . It is long as well and I would not consider it to be real portable . It does fold up fast and easy but again just not good for what I needed it for . If you are buying it for a workout mat , or children 's play area etc it would be fine but I do n't see many people getting a good nights sleep on this product .
 Having now ordered three of these mats , I see why the reviews are vastly different
 It does n't show up on the Costco website -LRB- item number 354567 -RRB- but you can get a 77 `` x36 '' Hide-A-Bed for $ 42 . They 've carried this item in many colors for years . Look in the camping section by the tents .
 the seller was fine in their shipping , but the item was cheaply made and way overpriced for that material.i do not recommend this item . Ikea has a far better range of such items .
 We ordered this mat as a replacement for something similar we had used for years that was starting to sag in the middle . This mat was extremely firm/hard/dense and was not at all comfortable to sleep on . It reminded me of the coconut husk mat I slept on in India years ago - or did n't sleep on , as sleep is nearly impossible on something this uncomfortable ! Decided to buy a made-to-order tri-fold futon from The Futon Shop instead . It costs 3x as much , but we 're very pleased with it .
 I received one of these mats yesterday and was disappointed by the quality . The mat is advertised as being cotton-poly , with double stitch , double overlap folded seam . The one I received had good density foam , but the cover was thin 100 % poly fabric . More importantly all seams were single stitch and non = overlap . The cloth was fraying at the edges inside the cover -LRB- which would n't happen if double overlap -RRB- , and I imagine that as soon as there is any damage to a seam , the whole edge would start to come undone.The thin fabric can be forgiven -LRB- though poly-cottons tend to be thicker than 100 % poly -RRB- because it should n't greatly impact the product 's life , but I ca n't imagine the seams holding up to even moderate stress . To give an idea of the `` durability '' , every time I lift the mat by the handles it feels like the fabric will tear , and I think I could pull the sections apart with moderate effort.I 'm giving it 2 stars because the foam density is good and the size is great . If it was at least as sturdy as the description suggests I would have been very happy , as it is I 'm returning mine and looking for something else .
 The cushioning is too hard . I do not like the slick cover . Have not decided whether or not I will return it .
 This product is very toxic , i even dont used it and cause me allergic , burn my eyes , ears & nose ... Like crazy !!! I am trying to return the item.It has to be remove from amazon and for the market !!!
 Do not buy this if the intended use is to sleep on it . IT IS HARD AS A ROCK . I envisioned some kind of mattress foam when I was purchasing this , but this thing is made of something that feels like styrofoam . I would not sleep on it , nor would I ever make my guests sleep on something like this .
 I ordered this to be a mat to lounge around on the floor in front of the TV and as an overnight mat for my niece . It was so hard I returned it the same day.I bought the one in the link below and love it . It is so comfortable I just ordered a second one.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004107WB0/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00
 I bought this in August 2009 . It 's firm but works for me as my back hurts in soft cushion . It does n't have a carry bag and the sheet can not be replaced easily as it 's stitched . I do n't have a problem with the smell . However , for the material used , it 's not worth it . You can get this in costco for under $ 50 , and yet with a carry bag and better material . Too late when I saw it in nearby costco -LRB- CA -RRB- .
 The quality of this mat is horrible . I purchased 2 because my sister has 2 mats for her home that are extremely comfortable to sleep on when we visit . These looked the same from the website but I was so disappointed when they arrived . They are basically very soft foam covered in a thin , cheap material . These are completely different from what my sister has and they are even more expensive . Please do not waste your money on this product . To make matters worse , I am now trying to return the mat . The return policy states that the return has to be made within 30 days . This is very difficult to do when you have to communicate over email and the emails from their returns center are vague with very little information on how to proceed with the return . As it stands , it is looking like I am only going to receive half of what I spent on these mats back due to the `` restocking fee '' and the outrageous shipping rates they put on items that have `` free shipping '' . Bottom line is that the customer service for this company is horrible and the product quality is even worse . I would recommend looking elsewhere for this type of product .
 Initially this product seemed to be fine , but than while I was pushing my elbow against the mat , I noticed holes in it . I checked them later , but they were still there , did n't `` inflate '' back.I do n't know what this mat is made of that pressure leaves holes in it .
 This is do hard and incomfortable - it was n't much better than using a sleeping bag on a tile floor
 Please believe the others when they say it is too hard . It 's too hard !! Why spend any money on a pad when sleeping on a carpeted floor is equally comfortable -LRB- i.e. NOT -RRB- . I saw similar items on the shelf at Costco last week ; they are not always in the store but seem to be available seasonally with the camping equipment . I slept on a mat a friend of mine purchased at Costco some years ago and found it comfortable -- firm but with some give . I was hoping that 's what I was getting from Amazon . Nope . Amazon should change suppliers !
 I can recommend this as a second compass only . Or as a gee-whiz casual toy . It has a cheap one-piece plastic case that is hard to open , and the hinge is just folded-over plastic . This does not inspire confidence in either its accuracy or durability . Additionally , the hinge does not stay at the angle you need . It just flops around , requiring one more thing to manage when navigating . The angle of the mirror needs to be between 50 and 70 degrees to prevent parallax error . Silva says as much as 5 degrees of error can be introduced by an incorrect angle . A loose , floppy hinge is a deal breaker for me.The base plate is black , not clear , compromising its utility when laying it on a map.It has a clinometer , but it hangs up , requiring tapping to read.Its compactness can be a drawback if your eyes are less than perfect or light is low.It has a viewing slot in the lower part of the mirror , which I really like , being ex-Army . I think all mirror compasses should have a slot .
 The direction needle hangs up on clinometer needle . Ca n't be sure which way is north.Make sure you read the fine print on this item ... `` Special Shipping Information
 I am collecting all NFL replica mini helmets , what i got from this purchase was micro mini helmets . These are smaller version of the ones i have been buying . The description was not correct the word micro was not in the listing . Returned both helmets hope there is no issue with the return .
 I thought I was buying a made in Sweden , high quality compass . This is a made in China junker . I spent hours researching and tried to find the best compass . When I found this , I was expecting it to be the Brunton made in Sweden . But alas , there was no indication on the Beach Audio site , where this compass was made . So I feel betrayed and duped.So , beware . This is not the quality Sweden made instrument you may have been misled to believe .
 Bought the compass and found Brunton had put an advertisement sticker in the middle of the mirror . It was stuck on so good it pulled the surface of the mirror off underneath the sticker when it was removed . The compass is not returnable because it is considered hazardous material . Brunton customer service was worthless and they never responded to any of my messages . Amazon customer service was great and very helpful . I will buy again from Amazon but will never again buy a Brunton productBrunton 15TDCL Compass .
 This looked like a great value , and was the type recommended for an upcoming search and rescue training class . Used a few times , then 3 months after purchase it quit knowing where north was . Sort of important for a compass.I was travelling , and was unable to return until early November . Brunton rep said no problem , we will take care of it.It is now Jan. , and they are still making excuses as to why they have not sent me a replacement.There are other choices out there . I am very disappointed .
 I looked for the old , trusted quality of the Silva Ranger that i have used professionally for many years . However , Rangers now are apparently no longer made in Sweden , but are now Made in China and no longer have the same quality , not recommended by many sites . So , my hope was to get the same Swedish quality of the old Ranger i was used to and apparently that quality was in the new Swedish made Brunton type 15 . I received the compass from Beach Audio and was surprised to see it is Made in China , too . So , do n't know what is going on , but buyer beware . However , from what i can see , currently , this Chinese Brunton is good ; smooth turning dial , and quick to set needle . I am just disappointed because i do n't really trust a Chinese made precision tool , especially when i specifically got this Brunton to avoid `` Made in China '' . -- Ok , a follow-up
 The compass developed a bubble which grew to over 1/2 '' in diameter . Obviously , it 's just a defective compass , but it is not returnable because it contains hazardous materials , and I have been unable to contact Brunton for over a month despite half a dozen messages -LRB- their only customer service option -RRB- . Try Silva compasses -- the company has a public return policy for any Silva compass .
 My nephew wanted this for Christmas , so I purchased it . For the cost , I really expected a miniaturized version of the real thing . What I got was a plastic helmet with decals that were n't even fully adhered.The packaging is nice . The inside plastic creates a display case for the helmet.Still , the look and feel of the helmet is like something I 'd see on the sale aisle at a discount store for $ 8.99 or less.If this was n't a present he specifically requested , I would definitely return this .
 I received this item -LRB- Brunton 8010G , Classic -RRB- in two pieces insideits plastic packaging , which was undamaged . The baseplate and thecompass housing -LRB- the middle part -RRB- were separated . I opened the packageand reinserted the compass housing into the baseplate . At the slightesttap of the fleshy part of my finger tip , the compass housing fell out.I 'm pretty sure this should n't happen ... I called Amazon and was helped by a courteous support person.They 'll take this thing back and will cover the return shipping.I 've already ordered a new compass from Silva .
 This design is difficult to read in bright sunlight mainly due to the color design . I think the Silva Ranger would have been a better choice for me . I would have upgraded but Amazon would not allow the return because of the liquid fill ? Thx ...
 I wanted a reliable easy to read compass on the dash of my car . Naturally , I visited Amazon to see just about every compass known . This one , Rally by Brunton , looked like just what I wanted . When it arrived I was pleased with its looks and read the installation material and installed it , adjusted it -LRB- easy ! -RRB- and took it on a test drive . I had located it in a very easy to see location and was pleased that it showed me which way I was headed at all times . Perfect . Except for the rattle.So , I returned home and removed it from its easy-to-use snap-in cradle , and took it apart . Not hard . Inside are two threaded keepers that might rattle if the adjustment screws were loose . The LED for illumination has two leads that hang outside the unit and since I have no desire to find a way to get juice to its location , I removed the LED -LRB- easy -RRB- because it just rests in an empty space inside the compass housing and rattles . Still , my compass rattles.Something inside the sealed liquid chamber where the rotating compass indicator floats , well , rattles . It is not possible to get inside this sealed chamber.So if you want a very easy to read , accurate , and handsome compass for your car , this is it . If rattles bother you , look for something else .
 I bought one of these compasses for my car . It is completelyinaccurate -- so much so that if I 'm heading east it saysI 'm going south ! You are supposed to be able to connect thecompass to a power source so that it 's illuminated , but theinstructions contain no mention of how to do that . In sum , buying this `` compass '' is like flushing money down the toilet .
 This compass handles very poorly compared to other manufacturers . The pin for the lid is cheap and the hing will likely break . The card -LRB- actual compass part that spins -RRB- wobbles a lot so it 's difficult to get an exact bearing . It is like the oil in the compass is very thin . Also , the direction line lid spins easily , making it possible to take a bad reading . Ironically , this is the Silva weakness as well.If you need an inexpensive engineer style compass , consider the Silva . For a two more dollars , you get an aluminum case , a hinge that wo n't break and a card that does n't wobble with the slightest hand movement .
 The first time I used it the little magnifying lens in the eyepiece popped out without even touching it ! Luckily I found it and managed to superglue it back into place . Also , the compass seems very slow to respond to positional changes , as if over dampened or under magnetized . Although it feels very sturdy with the nice metal case , I have a plastic compass that works better . This is more of a showpiece than something I would want to be relying on when lost in the woods .
 I question if this is an authentic boker knife . There are many fakes out there and I am skeptical about the knifes authenticity .
 I 've owned a few Brunton Compasses . Why `` a few ? '' I volunteer for a local S.A.R. organization . Over the years I have discovered that ALL of their liquid filled compasses WILL develop an air bubble in a short period of time . Even my 8099 has one . Sure , in the owners manual , they say that if a bubble develops it does not effect the accuracy and it is easily removed ... Only to reappear -LRB- they do n't mention -RRB- after about an hour or so . I would stick with a decent Silva . Rare to have any problems with the ones I 've owned .
 I bought this item to replace an aging discolored Suunto that is similar for charting topography maps . It arrived with the package damaged and the compass damaged . I contacted the company and they issued a refund after 1st offering to send me a replacement . If it could n't survive shipping it certainly is n't tough enough for what I 've put my Suunto through over the years , and this is made in America . So I declined a replacement and was quite pleased they refunded my purchase as I was just willing to just eat it financially as it was cheap cost and not worth the cost of returning . The compass went in the garbage but Trail Explorers Outpost is a great company with great customer service . I definitely would order something from this company again but one experience with Brunton compass toughness will insure I never buy a Brunton compass ever again .
 the compass i received does not give correct readings . I bought the compass in preparations for SAR work and a 4 day training by DCNR . The compass can not be corrected and is off each reading . Apparently i am unable to return it ? Therefore i will purchase a compass onsite , at a local retailer !
 This is a very poor product . The compass wo n't find north consistantly . It acts like something is interfering with the needle movement . I 'm very sorry I purchased this product , a waste of money .
 Any compass without a sighting mirror is virtually worthless for all but the most entry level forms of navigation . This item can be used to get a general sense of direction , but not for bearings or map and compass work . -LRB- Bearings without a sighting mirror are something like + / - 5-7 degrees , which translates to many hundreds of feet error for a distant object . With a mirror and care you can get + / - 2 degrees . -RRB- If you are carrying something this big , you should expect it to be accurate enough for real navigation . If you need just general direction , there are smaller , lighter , and and cheaper items - or compass functions on watches of GPS units .
 The Brunton Nexus Star is a low-cost , fairly rugged , basic compass . Like any low-cost compass , if you know how to use it you can get where you want to go , but it lacks features you may later wish you had . On the plus side , it is lightweight , inexpensive , and fairly thin , so it does n't take up a lot of room in your pocket . On the minus side , the baseplate is very short , so it is harder to use with a map and a little less accurate when reading a bearing . The biggest disadvantage , in my opinion , is that it does n't have a true declination adjustment ; it is advertised as having a `` declination scale '' which is not the same . On a baseplate compass , you take a bearing by lining up the compass needle inside the North Reference Indicator -LRB- sometimes called the `` Doghouse '' -RRB- etched on the bottom of the vial . Compasses with true declination adjustment allow you to rotate this `` Doghouse '' to align it with the desired declination . That way you always read a bearing by aligning the needle inside the Doghouse . On the Nexus Star , however , you ca n't do this . Instead , you have to remember to line up the compass needle with the point on the scale that corresponds to the local declination . In this case , the needle is not boxed inside the doghouse , and I find it can lead to errors , especially when you are tired and not thinking clearly after a long hike . If you always navigate using magnetic bearings rather than true bearings , this is n't a problem.I can recommend this compass for use with a GPS receiver that is set to read magnetic bearings , and it is suitable as a back-up compass . I also regularly use it as an inexpensive tool to teach students in my GPS classes how to use a compass , but I would n't recommend it for serious work .
 This is a functional compass but I realized it 's too small for my taste . I wanted to return it to get a bigger one and realized I can not , so please read all the print . Also , very bad packaging . I received it in a very big box , all smashed up , with crunched up paper inside and no invoice . Beware !
 Well for the price , I guess I really `` Get What I paid for '' . As soon as I unsheated it , the metal part between the sword and the sheat came off . The blades ar not aligned and very wobbly . The tang is , what can I say about it ... no tang at all . I bought it for display purpose , but i guess it wo n't even serve that simple purpose .
 well it was shown as a Full tang double bladed katana but after buying the item and checking it out for myself i have found its nothing more than a rat tailed show piece ... as far as show pieces go it does look nice however its not the Full Tang construction i was expecting to see and feel when i bought it.Fast shipping though .
 Brunton has a reputation for excellent products - unfortunately the 8099 Eclipse compass does not meet that reputation . I found it to be very flimsy - a thin plastic design , VERY flexible baseplate , the magnetic needle binds and the mirror/cover does not stay locked at the 45 and 120 degree detents . There are other higher quality compasses in the same price range so I returned this compass for a refund . Too bad - I liked the functionality but the quality just is n't there . Which is a surprise because the other Brunton products I 've used were exceptionally high quality ...
 The product that arrived was in good condition , but it did take longer than expected to arrive . Also , I ordered the Eclipse Pro Compass which was what was advertised when I purchased this item . However , I received a regular Eclipse Compass instead -LRB- big difference as far as special features used professionally -RRB- . When I tried to resolve this with Amazon , they told me that this was the product listed on the order so there was nothing they could do except issue a refund . I feel that I was mis-lead when I purchased the item and that there was no effort to resolve THAT problem , so I am left with a compass that I can not use for work and have to go through the process of returning it and ordering a new one . FAITH is LOST !!!!! So beware that what you order may NOT be what you get !!!!!!!!!
 I read the negative reviews but thought I knew better LOL . Negatives
 i bought this product from amazon and i taught it is going to be good product but the reality it gives wrong direction my opinion do not buy it
 POS.The stop detents wo n't hold the cover in place at the 45-degree angle . Its like wet spaghetti . Do n't bite .
 I looked at all the similar items and bought this one based on price and good customer reviews . Unfortunately , we pumped it up , set up 2 boys under 5 to sleep on it -LRB- inside a house , by the way -RRB- , and it was nearly deflated by morning . Same the next night . We checked every possible source for a leak and did not locate it . I do not recommend .
 I bought this over 3 months back , it slowly leaked air the first time I used it . It does not even fully inflate well the first time . I would send it back
 The mattress stayed full through the night for only the first 4 uses . Somehow lost its seal and now leaks air . I 've checked the entire thing thoroughly for leaks but ca n't find any . The mattress was used properly and the manufacturer 's recommendations were followed , so it should NOT be leaking . Poor quality .
 Bought one . Lasted less than three months . Thought maybe it was just a dud so got another . Burned again . As Roger Daltrey once again ... wo n't get fooled again
 Air is not staying even for single night . I could not find a way to call seller too to return .
 This would be a great product if it did n't leak and fall apart.I bought the queen size mattress for use in the guest room . It 's comfortable -LRB- until the air leaks out -RRB- and the velour covering does a good job of keeping a mattress pad , or blankets from sliding around . The battery powered air pump is a nice touch as well , that inflates the bed in just a few minutes . Beyond that , what a waste of money.The bed had a leak we could n't find , so every 2-3 days it had to be re-inflated . I was very careful about not over inflating per the manufacturer 's instructions . After several days , the seams holding the top and bottom layers together started coming apart . The result was a huge and ever-growing bubble in the middle of the bed.Despite having the cross logo and SwissGear name on the box , this product is made in China . I would suggest doing some research and spending a little extra money on something better .
 I bought one of these SwissGear Airbeds and was very disappointed . The mattress was very difficult to fill and by morning was nearly empty . I could find no apparent leaks -- it just would n't hold air . The one I had before stayed inflated longer than this one even though it did have a hole in it ! So , I went back to using the one with the hole until I could get a new one .
 Just bought , 3 hours into use it started losing air . I have paid far less for air mattresses and they held the air . -LRB- This was costly and and a waste of my money , not to mention sore back -RRB-
 The valve is a faulty design and started leaking after 4 nights . In a home on carpeted floor . One small person sleeping on it . I checked for punctures . There were none . The valve still leaked after trying several adjustments . If you buy this you will wake up on the floor several times a night . Very poor quality for the money . Pump is noisy but worked fine .
 I did n't like sleep on it . I can never inflate it till its hard , some air is bound to escape when you try to seal the cap after pumping it . The seal could have been much smaller then it would take forever to fill it , then they could have provided a better pump ... it goes on . For this price , I answered myself , this is what we get :-RRB- The pump is run on batteries and not any AC power supply . It takes a while to completely deflate it and roll it back . Now I have a leak/punch on it and I just threw it away in garage .
 This product worked just fine for about two nights . After the first couple nights it would not stay near fully inflated for more than a few hours . Searched well for the leak and could not find one in the top side nor bottom side of mattress . Which leaves me to believe the leak is about the seal .
 1 . Fell appart within a few months of casual use because of poor welding .2 . Caps protecting sharp-edged screws fell off within a few weeks . As a result , my kids scrathed their legs when they used the hopper . I had to pick up balls with the hopper myself -LRB- untill the hopper fell apart - see above -RRB- .3 . Difficult to convert between the pick-up and upright positions .
 I should have read the critical reviews more closely . This is a wobbly ball hoppper from the start . It is very hard to lock the legs in place . In doing so , you almost need to empty the ball hopper and muscle the legs into the locking mechanism . The caps of the nuts fell off the first time I tightened them . It is not cost effective to ship the item back so I will keep it but will not buy from Wilson again .
 I bought this one after my previous ball hopper broke . This replacement is reasonably priced , but you got what you paid for . For me the major drawback is that to lock the legs into the prop-up position , you have to push them pretty hard into those locking tabs -- I have to put them down on their side on the ground and use both hands to push them in.Another thing is that the basket is held together with screws -LRB- you have to put them together yourselves with those screws , so some DIY involved -RRB- . I do n't mind the self-assembly part -- many products do these days . The issue is that there are no locking washers included -- two of the screws already become loose and I have to tighten them again . I am afraid that one of these days they will become loose again and be lost -LRB- my wife and kids also use it , and they may not pay attention to these details -RRB- .
 The hopper arrived by UPS . The box looked like a mess with parts to the hopper sticking out the sides of the the shipping box . I opened the box within the shipping box , and as I suspected from the looks of the box , found the hopper badly damaged . It was bent in several locations and the welds were broken . I tried to put it together but it was useless
 Buy everything but not this Wilson basket . Its screws are loose from the very first day . They drop and get lost frequently , then your basket falls apart and the balls scatter on the court . Do n't waste your money and your nerve for this item .
 The parts to hold this thing together continue to come off and loosen making the basket a total piece of junk .
 The hopper is not as sturdy as I had expected . It is very difficult to change configuration from a hopped to a basket . The rubber on the sleeve have already come apart after a few uses . Disappointed with purchase . Look for some other hopper if you need a sturdy and reliable one .
 I bought this ballhopper because it was the # 1 selling ballhopper on Amazon . I just returned it .1 -RRB- It does NOT hold 75 balls . Maybe it hold 65 but as balls come in cases of 72 it ended up with 8-10 balls rolling around the back of my SUV .2 -RRB- During assembly the `` caps '' popped off all four `` capped nuts '' leaving four open ended side bars that did their best to rip up the carpet in my cargo area .3 -RRB- It is VERY hard to pop the legs in locking slots when using the unit as a stand .4 -RRB- Because it did n't hold 75 balls , the top would never stay shut . I had to use a twist tie.Just ordered the Gamma 75 Gold and that seems to be a much better unit . Check it 's page in a few days for a review .
 I use this basket several times a week . It drives me crazy every time .1 -RRB- Washers/Screws falls off and basket falls apart . Fixed it with zip ties but I did n't buy this to have to do that .2 -RRB- Handles constantly popping off . No fix for this.Please save your money and buy something else !
 I bought this item because of the Wilson name and what looked like convenient , sturdy construction . Putting it together was easy enough , but it turned out the legs did not lock in place because the span of the hooks was smaller than that of the legs . My husband was able to force the legs into the hooks but then even he could n't unhook them easily . I envisioned 70 tennis balls spilling out across the court during such a struggle . I exchanged the item , thinking it may have been a fluke , but its replacement was exactly the same . Not only that , one of the bolt caps broke off when my ten year old daughter was hand tightening it . This is not the quality I expected from Wilson .
 1 . way too heavy .2 . not easy to convert between picker and basket .3 . screws are always loose .
 Bought tennis hopper , one week after use the welds on the arms broke on one side , now it is useless . Weak link is the welds .
 First off , we bought two of these because of price , size , and look . They are cavernous and hold a lot of balls . For the occasional player that may use it a couple times a week , emptying and filling the hopper a couple times each use I am sure that this hopper would hold up.Unfortunately we use these every day , and fill and empty the hoppers at least 20 time a day since my wife teaches lessons . Here are the major drawbacks :1 -RRB- The nuts come loose very easily and will rattle off and get lost regularly . This requires constant attention so as to assure that the nuts remain in place and tight . I finally bought some thread lock to prevent this , but it was still frustrating to have to purchase something else to make these hoppers functional .2 -RRB- The welds that hold the leg holders to the basket are very weak and WILL break . Quite frustrating that after 2 months of use one of these is unusable .3 -RRB- There are 2 clips per leg to keep the hopper from tipping over , or the legs slipping on the ground . These are nice , but because the clips are too close together for the legs it is only practical and convenient to use only one of them for each leg . Trying to force the legs into place is very inconvenient.Overall I would not buy this product again . Nice , but for the amount of times we use it , it is not rugged enough .
 I purchased it to go with my ball machine . It is flimsy and does n't work as well picking up balls as my GAMMA . One good thing is that it has a clasp to keep the handles from falling down which the GAMMA does not have . I am going with a GAMMA next time .
 I was disappointed in this product because , requiring some assembly -LRB- which is OK -RRB- it did not fit together properly and my daughter , who is very handy , had to improvise to get it into workable condition.Wilson Ball Pickup 75
 This item lasted me two days . Both locking tabs on one side -LRB- allows it to stand up -RRB- came off very easily , and it 's now unusable ... going to try the plastic one from Unique ...
 It has served me well for years but it has also ripped some cloths and scratched my car do to the sharp metal locks on the bottom . There are better ones for sure . I give a more detailed post on my blog - > -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Do Not order from Fansedge ! The shipping stated at checkout is incorrect . When purchasing the Fedex option , Fansedge changes it to a smartpost package without your knowledge . I have had a horrible experience . I am military spouse who tried to get an item for my husband and was left with everyone from the customer service to mail office telling me `` there is nothing we can do '' Therefore , fansedge is not where I would recommend buying from on Amazon I have never had such a horrible experience with in all the years I have bought from Amazon .
 I ride about 5 days per week , maybe 15 miles per day -LRB- in nice weather only -RRB- . This chain lasted only 4 months on my road bike . I cleaned and lubed it frequently , but recently -LRB- due to poor shifting -RRB- had two different local bike shops tell me that the chain was shot and needed to be replaced before it damaged my cassette.I contacted KMC about the problem . They asked me a bunch of questions about my bike and how the mechanic tested the chain . Both mechanics used a Park Tool chain checker . They even let me try the tool on my bike and compare the results to other bikes in the store with new chains . The tool seemed good to me , and it 's hard to argue with Park Tool 's reputation ; but the KMC representative said that it is inaccurate and he instead sent me a link to a store to buy a $ 65 KMC chain checker tool.I 'm very disappointed to have paid so much for a chain that lasted less then one summer , and I 'm equally disappointed by the response I got from the manufacturer.I replaced the KMC with a Shimano chain .
 I did not choose this chain but it came on a new Motobecan bike from bikes direct . I love this full supension mountaion bike but i hate this chain which I have broken 4 time in the fist 200 miles of riding the bike . If you buy this chain buy extra master links since you will need them
 HelloI made this purchase to match a Campy cassette/drivetrain but it proved to be disappointing.A good looking chain and may be ideal for other setups but not for my Campy Chorus 10sp . Specifically the Chorus derailler pulleys appear to be incompatible and noisy.Thanks
 Go for a ball without the feet . Other balls of the same size seem to inflate bigger . This one is made of thicker material . I switch to a feetless brand and use it a typing chair .
 I purchased this a year ago on 10/20/09 . I gave it to my brother in Hawaii for his B-Day , he said it is in shreds . It does n't hold up to wind and sun , although it states that it is durable , long lasting . Disappointed that it only lasted a year outdoors .
 Go for a ball without the feet . Other balls of the same size seem to inflate bigger . This one is made of thicker material . I switch to a feetless brand and use it a typing chair .
 I was looking for more cold weather running gear . I read other reviews on this pant and took a chance . I never got to try them on because they sent me the wrong size . Then when I called to return them they had switched companies . So , I had to return the pants and then reorder from the other company . Not worth the hassle for pants I did n't even like looking at . They were super thin material . Buyer beware ...
 The stitching was defective and left a small area unseamed . Decided to keep them because they are out of stock and for the amount I paid , they are n't bad after a bit of patching up . They do come up to my belly button -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 &#34; -RRB- , so the woman modeling them in the picture must be much taller . They also get quite baggy after wearing but return to shape after washing . They do run big but not as bad as most other brands I have tried . I have an x-small , and I weigh 110 lb .
 The item arrived in very good condition ; however , instead of promised 3-4 business days , the item arrived after one month which was very disappointing .
 Go for a ball without the feet . Other balls of the same size seem to inflate bigger . This one is made of thicker material . I switch to a feetless brand and use it a typing chair .
 The binder is well-made and came well-packaged . It 's nothing special - just a padded 3-ring binder - but it met the needs of the recipient and that 's all that matters .
 I ordered Pharaoh 's Poker Chips from this seller and after a week of the status stating it was shipping soon , I e-mailed the seller and did not receive a response . After another week , I e-mailed the seller again and still did not receive a response . I waiting 25 days and the status still showed shipping soon , I e-mailed the seller and canceled my order . Such poor customer service , they did not even have the courtesy to respond to my e-mails . I would not recommend this seller .
 I purchased the C9 watch and about 5 weeks later it stopped working . I returned it to the store and they gave me a new one . About a month later it stopped . I put in a new battery that worked for less than 3 weeks.I am now searching for a different brand . Never again .
 C9 Champion Fitness watch was delivered and needed new battery . Stopped working within 2 weeks of delivery . Sent two messages to supplier with no response .
 While this flag looks very nice it is unfortunately the wrong color of red . It is the Red color the team was using a few years ago . It is more of a maroon red than the forty niner red . It is the color they changed to a few years ago during the time when the owners were destroying the team . Fortunately the red color was brought back a couple years ago . This flag must be left over from a few years ago . It is going back . I want no part of the losing era colors .
 I bought this flag from &#34; The Fan Nut &#34; and it was n't even the right flag it does n't look like the pic so DON &#34; T BUY IT if you are wanting it to look like this one ! I contacted the seller and he said that the one he sent me was different because his supplier must have changed the design and did n't let them know so the one he sent me is all they have . The quality of the flag is very poor . It looks very CHEAP and very old . The one they send you is a bright red , white , and gold it looks like their old school colors . I 'm all for throw backs but I do n't like this one like I said before it looks Cheap ! If it was up to me I would n't have gave them any stars but that was n't even a option so that is why they got 1star . However they were good on sending it I recieved it fast just not the one I purchased . I would not recommend this product to anyone and if you do purchase it then you will see exactly what I 'm talking about and wish that you did n't buy it so save your money !!!!
 Go for a ball without the feet . Other balls of the same size seem to inflate bigger . This one is made of thicker material . I switch to a feetless brand and use it a typing chair .
 I 've had this for two days . I did the basics video yesterday , which was relatively clear , but only an introduction to the moves . Today I attempted the work out , but despite MULTIPLE attempts , the disk refuses to play in english . I keep resetting it , only to have it default to spanish . I saw another reviewer had the same problem . Not worth the frustration ; I 'm returning it .
 I usually love the Beach Body Workouts . IMO , the best is Chalene Johnson 's Turbo Fire and Chalean Extreme . Amazing !! I was hoping for the same quality with the Brazilian Butt Lift . Not so . The DVDs flash back and forth between beach workouts and studio workouts . The leader acts like he ca n't even keep up . He 's a sweaty , Brazilian guy and the whole thing is just gross . Not motivating at all ! Do n't buy this program !
 I bought the program and was very disappointed . The instructors voice got on my nerves . And I could barely understand what he was saying . The moves were hard to keep up with . Waste of money .
 I order a DVD exercise program and it arrived without the DVD 's . It then took the seller 5 days to respond to my requests . Needless to say I requested a refund . This could have been just a mishap but I suggest contacting seller before buying to ensure product is 100 % .
 -LRB- This is not negative because of the workouts , it 's because of the dvds -RRB- I was so excited to start BBL ! I heard great reviews and who does n't want to firm and lift their booty ?? I think that the exercises look great and it seems like something I would be interested in , but ... I ordered it and it came quickly . I inserted the first DVD , Basics and to my surprise . . it did n't work ! Well it worked , and then skipped , and then froze , and then worked , and then skipped . I tried BUM BUM and the same thing happened , then I tried the rest of the DVD and it did n't work . I inserted the other DVD , Sculpt / High & Tight . . and nothing again . Works , skips , freezes , and so on . . So TWO out of my THREE cds did not work . . I was so bummed , literally ! I was also not impressed with the yellow resistance band that was `` free '' with the purchase , it does n't hold up well and after trying it out it gets all stuck together and is not very durable.I sent the DVD set back for a refund so we 'll see what happens . I will update again when I find out if I can get DVDs that actually work or my money back .
 All of the DVDs in the set had problems playing and stop at different points , really annoying when you are trying to workout . I 'm an advanced exercisers and like the Sculpt weight work for adding variety from my normal routine .
 They -LRB- Beach Body -RRB- have replaced this disc for us 6 times and none of the discs have played properly . They claim it must be a problem with our DVD player . Really ?! All 7 DVD/blue-ray/Playstation players in our house play the disc the same way , ie it works for two workouts then automatically skips to an advertising loop . Pain in the arse !!!
 I did n't feel like this workout was for me . It was awkward even in the comfort of my own home so I returned it .
 I have only been through the instructional Basics , and the Bum Bum videos so far . In my opinion , fully completing the Bum Bum work out would require the knees of a ten year old.No one with weak/problematic knees or backs should invest in this program.The exercises are well are targeted though , with the triangle scultping . The standing exercises just demand far too much from my knees.Classical pilates uses the same principles of working all the muscles -LRB- ncluding smaller supportive muscles -RRB- , from different angles ; and it is much safer as it promotes muscle , joint and bone stability versus fights it . For the amount of pilates BBL draws on , you 'd be better off just doing pilates .
 The Brazil Butt Lift - WorkoutBrazil Butt Lift - Workout DVD -LRB- English and Spanish -RRB- , is challenging and is definitely a good workout . However I will never buy a workout DVD from the Beachbody company again . It is extremely annoying that before and after a workout -LRB- in between the workouts -RRB- -- commercials play to feature other Beachbody workouts or to talk about their website . When I am ready to watch a workout dvd I want to get right into the workout and do not want to be disrupted with commercials -LRB- needing to stop and fast-forward through them -RRB- -- in my opinion Beachbody created a poor customer experience . While the workout is good and I am feeling the results , the annoyance of the DVDs makes me not want to use them , instead I may do the exercises on my own .
 Way over pricesd Only 2 of the works out were even woth doing . I will say that the 2 that were worth doing were really really good even though they were very short in length . One was 10 minutes the other was about 28 minutes . Overall very disappointing . The dance routine I thought was very lame and slow . Nothing challanging at all . I am not a hard core workout person but do like a good workout if I am going to find the time to do it . If you are a beginner you may find these videos to be for you but deffinitally not for anyone that works out regular .
 I love to work out . I go to the gym regularly , I participate in the classes and I even got on board with the Zumba craze . I ordered this workout regime to try something new . I like the look and feel of sculpt training and controlled workouts that target a specific area . Do not expect that from the BBL ! Rather than a cohesive workout it is between 30 & 50 mins of insentient flailing . There are no warm up nor cool down exercise , it begins right off with high intensity cardio that only targets the front of your thighs - in face all three DVDs only target the front of your thighs . With no warm up 's or cool down 's any person workout is more susceptible to injury . The best part it I asked my trainer at the gym to take a look at them to ensure I was doing the moves correctly . She got back with me the same day , all the moves are a bust ! The packet did include other items ; a resistance band , a nutrition guide , a tape measure and before/after measurement cards . Those items have value and are good to track progress during any exercise regime , but not worth the cost of the packet of the DVDs should n't be used . All in all very disappointed with this item , and I 'm back at my gym and have just about reversed the negative effects of working out with this DVD for only two weeks .
 My dvd 's does not work ! it plays to the point where the line up is , but not the actual excercises ! such a waste and I bought 2 !! . Brazil Butt Lift
 I ordered this series based upon reviews from friends , and while two of the discs and all the stuff that came with worked fine ; one of the DVD 's does n't play properly -LRB- only in Spanish , skips to the middle every time -RRB- . I have contacted the seller numerous times looking to have just the single disc replaced and never received any response . Now frustrated and seeking help at Amazon , they tell me I have no recourse as the seller 's return date has passed.It would have been nice to have some sort of contact from the seller regarding this ; and I certainly expect them to replace an item which never worked in the first place ; irregardless of the time frame . I have been stuck in hospital and therapy visits with a disabled daughter , otherwise I may have been able to make the cut-off date , but with no answers to any of my emails , who knows !!???
 I bought thinking I could ease into it . Having joint and muscular pain it was very difficult to do the exercises .
 I was really looking forward to writing a great review on this product , but after a week i am extremely bored with the workout selection . There is really only three workouts you get to do on any given day . . And the workouts are quite `` dancy '' I spend more time figuring out the next step than actually working out . i like the toning workout ; its very structured and easy to focus on form . -LRB- Which is what is most important when exercising -RRB- . I loved the wokouts the first week . . But am now regreting this 80 dollar mistake . . :-LRB- - Disappointed customer
 This workout is definitely challenging and definitely targets the butt muscles really well . With that said , the video is very poorly put together . The workouts are set up with absolutely no breaks between excersizes . I understand that the idea is to keep the body active for an extensive period and stay in the fat burning zone and yadayadayada , but he will go for over half an hour without even a ten second water break ! I know it 's supposed to be tough and I 'm not asking for a five minute break or anything excessive , but it 's completely unrealistic to expect viewers to go that long without a quick breather or water break , especially when the workouts are so intense ! The end result is that , if you need a break , no matter how brief , to get some water and catch your breath , you have to pause the video which is not only discouraging and disheartening in itself , but being in charge of your own breaks inevitably means that they will be longer and more frequent . If the instructor stopped for ten seconds and then went back into excersizes , I would be forced to stick to just a ten second break . Forcing yourself to stay within ten seconds is considerably more difficult . Also , this is just my personal reaction , but I found the instructor -LRB- forget his name -RRB- EXTREMELY ANNOYING . I also dislike beachbody dvds in general as they are not only full or commercials , but they have a very confusing `` stopclock '' running at the bottom of the screen during workouts . I 'd rather have a simple `` time passed '' or `` time left '' clock than the multiple complicated countdowns and bars they have going on down there . Plus , they position the different trainers on screen so that it 's difficult to distinguish the `` beginner level '' models from the rest . In general , the program is badly constructed.All in all , the workout is effective , but I ended up just using the dvds to learn the excersizes and do them by myself - the dvd instruction was not at all helpful , and I had a more enjoyable workout without it !
 I purchased this DVD about 3 weeks ago . I have to say Im not the most advanced exerciser but I was very disappointed with the workout . I have worked out with Leslie Sansome , The Firm workouts , P90X and many others and this is the first DVD that I have not been able to follow . It does not transition well at all . Leonardo is funny and hyper and upbeat but also annoying because he switches steps without any advance planning . I myself have a hard time lunging to the right or left and then jumping into another step without warning as to which foot to start with . The other workout DVDs I have had they tell you that you will be doing the next step in 5,4,3,2,1 or whatever and then start to the left ... he is doing a step and then just says ... now do this ... not really good for the average person . I like beachbody and I liked p90x because Tony did help you with these steps but Leonardo didnt make the butt lift good ... I pretty much think the DVD landed on its butt in my DVD cabinet .
 It does tone your buttock but left the other parts out of balance so I injured myself more than helped myself . I was out of shape but not overweight . I would not say I was a beginner/beginner in fitness . For the time I put into it , I saw far more better results from other fitness videos in a faster amount of time and for less money . I may go back to this video now that my core is toned but I would not recommend this one to start out your at home fitness program .
 The order arrived on time , however two of the disks wo n't play when you first load them . You have to keep fiddling with them to get them to work . I do n't know if they were copied or what , ca n't remember exactly the message it gives , but I remember when reading it , I wondered if it meant the disk had been copied .
 To start with , one of the DVD 's would n't play , so that was annoying . I tried a couple of the others , and they were ok , but I expected more from this company . I have the Insanity work-out , and love it , but was disappointed with this one . In my opinion , the guy who narrates the work-out is also incredibly annoying . I 'm sending it back .
 I 'm not disappointed with the aactual workout because I have n't gotten to even try it yet . When I put the dvd in it lets you choose english or spanish , I continued to hit english and its not programming . I contacted beachbody directly and told them the problem . They asked me numberous times for my order number then after keeping me on hold for fifteen mins the man told me they 'd have to call me back within 48 hours ... It 's been TWO weeks and I 've heard NOTHING ! WOW I 'm actually shocked considering I always thought beachbody was supposed to be a great company with good service ! BUMMED
 If you are looking for a video that will give you a Jlo or Kim K butt , this is not it . If anything I think my butt is actually smaller than when I started . I have been exercising for years , and I was able to pass the pencil test given by this video , but I wanted my butt to look bigger . My husband , son and my son 's friends were unimpressed with butts of the girls on the video . So that is a range of 23 to 46 years old . Most of the videos seem to work more your thighs than you butt muscles , and I did not have any issues with my thighs . Anyway have given it more than a 120 days , and I am totally disappointed in my results . Waited too long so I ca n't return so I guess I will keep doing the High and Tight and Cardio Axe DVDs . Will look for a different DVD to actually work out my butt . What a waste of $ 70.00 .
 This video is crazy hard . It is basically a lot of squats and jumps . If you are not awesome at workout videos I would pick something else .
 When I ordered this item , I received it quickly . However , when I went to use it I learned the disc did n't work properly . It was in Spanish and when I tried to change it to English , it still played in Spanish . So I had to return it ; only to receive another with the EXACT same problem . Very frustrating ! Then when I called BeachBody and they told me I had to contact Amazon to address the issue . Amazon told me the order was fulfilled by them directly . Amazon did assist me with exchanging it yet AGAIN . Maybe I 'll actually get one that works properly and can give a review on the product content ... we 'll see !
 This review speaks only to the poor customer service of the vendor , The Walk In Closet . This video never arrived at my home . No shipment tracking information was provided by the vendor so it was impossible to track the package . I sent an email to the vendor via Amazon . It was never responded to . I have since filed a claim with Amazon and am awaiting the final disposition of that . I do expect that Amazon will process a credit . On a side note , I have a friend who swears by this workout -LRB- working mom and business owner , 40 , 5 kids ranging from 7 to 12 yrs old -RRB- . It works . She looks incredible .
 I borrowed this workout from a friend to see if I should purchase the video and I am so glad that I did n't purchase this . I find the videos to be annoying and it has poor transitions . I ca n't get thru any the dvds before I want to chuck it out the window , so I basically do the moves on my own .
 Great DVDs , however after a few months we discovered that the third disc is defective - it skips and does not allow to watch the full program . The manufacturer refuses to replace the defective DVD because the DVDs were purchased through Amazon . Here is the email I received from them : `` Thank you for contacting Beachbody . . I am sorry to hear that your Brazil Butt Lift DVD does n't work . I would like to help you but unfortunately , I am unable to locate your order . Please forward the following information used to place your order so that I can locate your account and assist you further : Date order was placed : Method order was placed -LRB- Web , Phone , or Mail -RRB- : If by Web , please specify -LSB- ... -RSB- Order # -LRB- if available -RRB- : Please be advised that we do not sell/replace any individual Dvds for any customers who did not purchase the program directly from Beachbody . `` Shame on BeachBody .
 I am extremely disappointed ! I ordered this thru Amazon for the convenience because I have an Amazon visa which I received money off of the price as well as free shipping . However , I still paid the same price as if I would have ordered it through Beachbody . Go figure , nothing gained or lost . First problem was order was placed on a Monday morning and the package did n't arrive until 10 days later . I would have received the package in 2 days if I had ordered it thru Beachbody with no additional cost . Second problem , open the package to find that ALL three DVDs enclosed would not work . They can not be read by any machine in my house -LRB- Wii , Computer or DVD player -RRB- . Third problem , I finally get a live person from Amazon to break it to me that they wo n't replace it . Best they can do will be a refund within 10-15 days after receiving the package . Bottom line -LRB- yeah I went there -RRB- is I can not start my shape-up unless I pay the $ 72.70 once again , to Beachbody . NOT worth going thru Amazon for this product ... it is no more beneficial nor can they help you with anything concerning this product not the price , shipping or the replacement if you have a problem . Furthermore , they wo n't honor the 60 day money back guarantee stated on the product itself . They will only replace it within their 30 days policy . Stick with the Beachbody version .
 The DVDs are great . I enjoy long-distance running , weight lifting , and videos . In the BeachBody line , I particularly enjoy the TurboJam workouts , although they got to be too easy after a few sessions . These DVDs are great - they 're very difficult , especially at first and especially if you follow the suggested workout regimen in order . If you combine diet with exercise , Brazil Butt Lift will work . In just one week I 've already lost weight.My issue lies in my inability to play these DVDs on my Blu-Ray/DVD player . I can play them on my X-Box and on my laptop by not on either of my two Insignia NS-WBRDVD2 players . I contacted BeachBody 's customer service and he said that the players need to be backward compatible , region 1 players , which these are . They also play every other DVD that I 've ever tried to play on them . He told me that the problem is with the player and that I have to contact the manufacturer of the DVD player . His grammer and spelling were terrible , he forgot which DVDs I had told him I purchased , and he did n't seem to care about solving the problem , thus resulting in this review.Good luck to you if you choose to purchase this product - it 's not fun doing the workout while starting at a 17 '' laptop screen at your vacation home .
 Disappointed ; the Dvds kept skipping over damaged areas . Dvds came with visible scratches . Product should n't have been sold in these conditions .
 Normally , this type of information does n't go here , it goes in a message to the seller . But this time it does belong in the review because I think you will have the exact same problem as me , whoever you buy it through . One of the DVDs does not play in the DVD player . It will only play in my laptop . It does have a set up menu , but will only play in Spanish.As for the workout itself , it was disappointing . Definitely will make you sweat , so that 's a plus , but there is a lot of twisting of the ankles and standing up on your toes , which sucks for anyone with a previous Achilles injury . I bought a DVD at Walmart for 3 dollars that I thought was a better workout .
 First of all the workout is incredible . HIGHLY recommend the workout but unfortunately it is packaged very cheaply and customer service is non existent . The DVD 's are snapped into a carrier which is typical but it is so cheap , you ca n't release the button . One of the DVD 's cracked trying to remove it . Another DVD would only play the Spanish language track.I contacted customer service 9 times with everything from receiving an email saying it was resolved but they did nothing , an auto response stating I would hear from someone within 48 hours but they never contacted me , to zero response , to finally `` send order information '' which I provided back in May . Still no replacement DVD 's and waiting !
 I ordered this because it was a better price than on the TV , but I had to return it because I did n't get all the extras that I was suppose to get with my order . I was able to send it back for a full refund without any problems .
 One if the CD 's will only view it in Spanish . Can not reset it to English ... Have tried multiple times . Very disappointed !
 Jillian Michaels Killer Buns and Thighs is just as great if not better , for less than $ 10I guess the `` hype '' is what makes Brazil Butt Lift over $ 60
 Do n't get me wrong , this system is a great workout . I definitely felt the burn ! However , some of the moves may be a little too advanced for some who are not familiar with yoga or pilates . Some of the moves are not eased into enough so that you do n't throw your back out ! For example , there is a backbend at the end of the Tummy Tuck DVD that could be dangerous for some who are not as limber . Overall , this is a high intensity workout -LRB- even the basics 's DVD -RRB- that could potentially transform your rear end . Also , you must somewhat practice some of the workouts before you can jump into the whole routine . I say this because the workouts are pretty fast paced and you could be hastily doing some of the movements just to keep up ... and this is how you get hurt .
 I started out by practicing the moves for a few days and watched the intro twice . I though I was ready to do the bum bum video . No way this is way out of my league . They are doing all kinds of sexy dance moves , jumping backwards onto the floor and then back up , changing moves really fast , there is NO level 1 to start with . You start at full speed ... . advanced level . I ca n't understand the brazzillian that well either and he 's annoying to watch . The girls are all so fit and tall I can ' keep up with it . Going to mail it back and find someting more my speed where it 's more for people that need help not people that are already advanced in they type of movement .
 I bought this product because I 've tried P90X and liked the workouts . However , both Beach Body products came to me somewhat broken ! I 'm not sure if it 's coincidence or just my luck . This product does n't work on any of the TVs in my house or my computer . However , it will occasionally play the first part of the disc . I have just had a major problem with Beach Body products . Love the workouts , but they just never seem to work .
 I really like some of the workouts and I can tell they work . However , I am not a dancer and do n't really know how to dance at all . A lot of the moves are pretty difficult ... it is just kind of a lot at once for me , and they move really fast . I do n't feel like I learn how to do the moves well enough .
 I just received the DVDs today and I was soooo excited to start this workout . However , when I was watching the DVDs , I noticed that 2 out of 3 dvds were not working properly . The first dvd was playing in Spanish and the second workout option on that dvd did n't even work ! Second dvd was detached from the holder when it arrived so it was scratched up from moving around in the box , but seemed to work ok . The third DVD also had the Spanish language problem , it would n't switch to English ! I 'm sorry , but for $ 72 I expected everything to be in great shape and working . This is very annoying and VERY disappointing !!! After reading the reviews , I saw that other people were having problems with DVD quality . I will be returning mine and not exchanging , I should n't be dealing with these issues for that price . I hope Amazon wo n't give me a hard time.Update
 I purchased this walking stick for travel and when it is open and locked , it works . HOWEVER , getting it unlocked and collapsed to pack in my suitcase is a nightmare . The lock / unlock mechanism is terrible and I ca n't get it to work . My hands and wrists are sore from trying . Being in my sixties , I find this a complete waste of time and money for seniors . Get something that works even if it is more expensive !!!
 While I would like to offer a useful review , I can not due to the vendor 's inability to satisfy the order.A friend purchased this hiking pole from our wedding registry . Two months later I received a call from Lee , who worked for the vendor , demanding additional money to have the item shipped . Shipping was paid in full during the initial transaction so I refused additional payment . Lee then informed me that the order would be canceled , but the seven dollars in shipping would not be returned to our friend that purchased the item for us.Amazon fixed the problem , but I would steer clear from buying anything from this vendor .
 This product served its purpose , hung my old board on it . I was however , disappointed because some of the pieces on the wood were chipped and scratched , largely in part due to the packaging -LRB- which was terrible -RRB- . This was very noticable because the chipped and scratched parts were white and stood out against the brown varnish.Won ' t be ordering from this company again , they had to have seen these damages before they shipped it out .
 I have no idea who left these other reviews but the product I received was a cheaply made import that would not even hold up my 7 ' 10 '' Tuflite without ripping two holes in my wall -LRB- not to mention my surfboard falling off -RRB- . There are two bolts connecting the base of the rack to the `` hook '' and those bolts have a substantial convex head that prevent the rack from aligning flush against the wall . Additionally , there is only one small bolt hole to mount each rack to the wall . Even with a Molly Bolt , the racks ripped right out of the wall . This product is poorly constructed and , in my opinion , dangerous . Do not risk damaging your board and your walls with this product .
 The wax is touted as all temps and conditions not so - it is at best usable for spring conditions.They have not found the magic potion .
 Returned the baskets as holes in brackets were improperly aligned and could not get screws into them and baskets too big for a 26 '' mountain bike . No instructions and gather poor quality control on part of manufacturer
 Parts were missing and the box is huge so sending it back would cost too much . Stuck with useless piece of junk .
 We ordered this product and it did not arrive even though it was marked as being shipped in the package . The product itself may be a fantastic product , but an absent product is a useless product to the consumer .
 I want to withdraw my last comments . They were directed at Amazon not this provider .
 If you really need to buy a duty belt or accessories , you really only have two options :1 . Spend a lot of money for Safariland , Gould & Goodrich , etc. . At least the quality is top-notch , if overpriced .2 . Go for the lower-end , like Galls , Uncle Mike 's . The quality is much , much lower.You 'd think that a high-end supplier like Bianchi could make a lower-priced line without sacrificing too much quality.Wrong . . The new `` Patroltek '' line is very , very low end . No polymer stiffener inside , the belt itself is weak and overly limp.Caveat Emptor ...
 I had used this pro fitter in physical therapy for my knee and was very excited to get my own.When I opened the box one of the wheels had been smashed to pieces and when I tried to get a replacement wheel for it , the company was very difficult to deal with because I had ordered the product from amazon and not directly from them . I am returning the whole broken item and am going to order it directly from the company this time.Biggest annoyance is that the company is from Canada and takes a long time to ship to the US .
 I am a dancer so balance and agility are not my weaknesses . I have n't fallen in 15 years and that was on an icy inclined surface . My physical therapist has me used the Pro Fitter for therapy on my knee . I almost lost my balance going to the right one day . Two days later , I actually fell off going the right and hit the floor hard . As I fell , the foot holder moved to the left , but my right foot did not immediately release from it . Almost the entire right side of my body was affected . Lower leg , knee , hip , elbow and hand all slammed against either the floor or the equipment itself . Along with significant swelling and bruising at all of the previously mentioned body parts , there were a few cuts on the side of my knee which landed on the Pro Fitter . After the physical thereapist performed all of the stress tests to assess injuries , the right side of my body had to be iced down at the same time as my left knee -LRB- the one I was actually ther for -RRB- . As I look at photos of the Pro Fitter being advertised , I see that models are bent at the waist , lowering their center of gravity . I was not bent at the waist nearly that much . No one at physical therapy has every corrected my posture on the Pro Fitter . So posture may have certainly been a factor . However , in the interest of safety , there was nothing for me to hold on to when I lost my balance to prevent the fall . And as the movement is lateral and center of gravity is moving from side to side , stepping off to the front or back was n't an option . I was not a big fan of this piece of equipment before the fall , so I 'm even less of a fan now .
 This suit gave me a bad rash around my neck . It looked like a hickie . It did n't go away for about two weeks . When it healed it scarred my neck . If that 's not enough , water seeps in through the seams of the suit and in from the zipper in the back . I eventually got a better suit that was twice as expensive and I love it . As the old adage says , you get what you pay for . I encourage anyone looking around for a wetsuit to really consider how important it is that a product -LRB- that you spent hard earned money on -RRB- does what it is supposed to do , in this case protect me from the elements . Instead I had to protect myself from it .
 I bought a tub of this gel stuff and it smells entirely different than some other 99.9 % pure stuff I bought in liquid form . I was horrified at the toxic stink . I am actually afraid to use this stuff . The smell makes me nauseous . How can this be good when DMSO makes whatever you put it with soak into your body quicker . I mean , you can literally drink good DMSO . This stuff makes me want to puke . I am not knocking DMSO in general at all , just this nauseous gel form . Stick with the purest liquid you can find . Shop around . Skip the gel .
 Does n't work on this horse , was a waist of money and my time . Do n't know how you stay in business selling this kind of product . -LRB- never again -RRB-
 I recently ordered some of this DMSO after reading a bunch about its muscle-pain relieving qualities and so forth , and as soon as I received it a few days ago , I applied it to my shoulder to relieve the pain from a recent injury . After about 15 minutes , I felt the pain starting to subside and I figured the stuff was great ! However , a few minutes later , I noticed the tingling that I felt after I had applied it had gotten worse and worse until it felt like a full-on sunburn !! My skin had turned BRIGHT red everywhere it had been applied , and it felt like i had a sever sunburn in that area.Just a word of warning -- It says use as a SOLVENT ONLY for a reason !! Do not buy this for applying to your skin !!
 Within a week the Patirots emblems were completely worn off . The seller did issue a refund promptly and was very concerned with my needs . Excellant customer service and much appreciated
 Product is described as an `` Arabian Horse halter Track , 3/4 inch '' Brown '' Everything is accurate except for the Arabian part ... this thing is huge . have to return it ... what a hassle .
 I was distracted by the brand name of this bike , but in actuality it was not a great purchase . The quality was just not great and it was quite heavy . I think Kettler do better with their trikes and scooters .
 Product does n't retain air over any real length of time and is not round but more of a `` bean bag '' ball shape . Very disappointed , I suppose that 's what you get for the price .
 I bought this about a year ago , it was very , very discounted . -LRB- How about $ 10 . seriously ! -RRB- The unit has the ability to vend two different 12oz can products . It holds four cans for each product . It works almost like a real vending machine . The coin slot really works , it has a refrigeration unit , and it does dispense product.It worked fine for eleven months . Unfortunately , the power board went bad . This makes the whole unit inoperable.I contacted Koolatron , they offered to send a replacement board for $ 50 . Oh well , for $ 10 it was fun while it lasted .
 I thought this would be a perfect addition for patio parties . A week after installing , the sodas were barely cold . Today , the unit just died . I 've had it maybe four months . What a waste of good money .
 I bought this item from Home Depot on sale . You get what you pay for .1 . The coin slot has never worked .2 . The unit does n't cool very well . It only has a peltier cooling unit , not a real compressor .3 . The fan started making noise on mine within a week or so and it finally just died completely.Be forewarned . Do n't buy it . It 's a complete waste of money .
 I thought this machine was a great idea for free up some fridge space , until it broke 10 months later . We now own two non-functional vending machines . I 've contacted the company ... I still own two non-functional vending machines.Suggestion
 My 12 year old son saved his money all year to buy this $ 150 Koolatron vending machine for his room . It worked fine for 3 1/2 months and then suddenly stopped -LRB- flashing green light in the back , fan would n't turn on -RRB- . I contacted FOGDOG -LRB- the company that sells this Koolatron vending machine -RRB- . Their response was that it 's past the 30 day return policy , and it 's not their issue . I explained that I was n't returning it -LRB- i.e. , I do n't want my money back -RRB- , but I wanted them to make it right by replacing it with a product that actually worked . I was again told it 's not their issue and to contact Koolatron . Talk about customer NO service and not standing behind the products you sell.Based on research , it looks like a replacement power board costs somewhere between $ 50 - $ 65 . What 12 year old has another $ 50 bucks to spend.Do yourself a favor and do n't purchase products from FOGDOG as they do n't stand behind their products . Who expects a product to breakdown after only 3 1/2 months . Come on FOGDOG . You 're better than that . It 's all about making a buck even if you have to take it from a kid .
 I got this item because i like swimming w/o having to to turn left and right to breath . I like the central mount idea.After one 2 weeks using it , it started leaking a huge amount of water so I had to surface and start breathing the old way ... I had to return it and now I am shopping for something real good quality
 Product is described as an `` Arabian Horse halter Track , 3/4 inch '' Brown '' Everything is accurate except for the Arabian part ... this thing is huge . have to return it ... what a hassle .
 I love the looks of the lamp , but very cheaply made . One of the welds on the lamp shade was broken when it arrived . Now all four of them are broke and the shade wo n't stay up . We tried to glue it , we 'll see how it works out .
 This product provides further proof that you get what you pay for . While it was less expensive than competing products , it came with very little documentation , and our first attempt to refold it resulted in it 's becoming permanently deformed . We were able to restore it to a marginally usable condition , but we never tried folding it up again . Spend a few more bucks and get a better product .
 Given Easton 's solid reputation , I had high hopes for this practice net , but I returned it after my son used it once . For baseball hitting drills -LRB- soft toss or tee -RRB- , the 5-foot height is just not adequate . My nine year-old son regularly hit the ball over the top of the net , defeating the purpose -LRB- and sending a ball into the wood siding of my garage , as we have a small yard -RRB- . The net is too small to place a tee very close so as to avoid the height problem , as the batter will end up hitting the side of the net on his follow through . Most importantly , the construction quality is lacking . I tried to fold the net up exactly once , without success . And while I did NOT bend the metal frame , I did manage to somehow reorient the frame inside the nylon sleeves to the point that the net would no longer stand up and became unusable . Pop-up nets of this type are compromises for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who do n't want to invest $ 250 in a net . My expectations were realistic , but this product completely failed to meet them .
 this net is NOT for kids with a 60-75mph fast ball pitcher , it however would be best suited for ages 5yrs . to maybe 11yrs . not for teen age tho . wish they would age rate .
 I have had this net for less than one year and my 7 & 8 year olds put a hole thru it hitting baseballs off a tee . The pitching target catcher straps are all broken . The quality on this is horrible . I will not buy another Easton product because this was so bad .
 The product is very well designed and very useful for my daughter to practice softball pitching but onabout the 5th pitch she threw the upper left hand strap that holds on the target snapped and is now being held on by a safety pin . I wish you would replace that for us and then maybe I would give this an excellent .
 Metal frame twisted the first day we set it up . No way to twist back rendering the net useless . Now has to be tied up against a fence which defeats its purpose . Junk .
 Just a poor net when compared to the rest . Yes , it 's cheaper than most and there is a reason for that . If you are using it for hitting , even 5-6 year olds will occasionally hit the ball over . If you are 6 ' 3 like me and get any lift on the ball you 'll never hit it in the net without actually hitting the net.Get the jugs if you want quick set up or the big mouth if that is n't as important .
 I coach Little League and bought this to use in our yard for my son and at practice with the team . This item is really nice , except for one critical flaw in the design . The thing folds up like one of those frustrating car window shades , where you have to grab it from both ends , twist it , push it together , and sort of fold it in on itself while holding your breath , crossing your fingers and praying to Jesus that you did it right that time -- which 8 out of 10 times you do n't and have to start over . But let 's assume you 're a major-league , super pro , expert car shade folder-upper and you 're like `` Hey , no problem '' . Well , after a few successful fold-ups and un-folds , the plastic strips that give this net its structure -LRB- the ones you 're having to twist to fold it up -RRB- twist around inside and get all misshapen so that eventually it wo n't stand up straight because the internal support structure is all tweaked from the folding process . So the darn thing leans to one side , all cock-eyed and silly looking because all the innards are jacked up . So here 's the bottom line
 I bought this net for my boys and after 3 months fo use , the frames are becming weak and the net is not holding up . The height of the net is about 80 % of what is used to be and it looks terrible . As others have recommended , do not buy this product as it is a very poorly constructed product . Pretty dissapointing considering it is a Easton brand product . This product definitly puts a stain on thier brand image .
 Do not waste your money . My 13 year old son used it for less than an hour and the elastic attachments broke .
 Let me start by saying I own a lot of Easton products and am , for the most part , very satisfied with the quality . With this specific product I can not even come close to saying that . The tabs that hold the net in place broken very quickly and I needed to come up with a solution on my own . Now , after the unit was stored indoors all winter , every time you hit the ball into the net it tears a hole in it . I called Easton for assistance and they told me that first of all the net can not be replaced alone , you need to replace the entire unit and secondly it comes with a 3 month warranty - to me that says you do not believe in your product . To say I am less than thrilled in an understatement
 The first problem is that you can not fold the thing up . Then the sock net does not last either . I broke two of the straps so that made that useless . I got frustrated with it today trying to fold it up and bent the frame and threw it in the trash . It just makes me sick that I spent $ 79 on something that flimsy and cheap . Buy the jugs net instead . It is better and it will last you forever .
 The very first time my son kicked a ball in the net a stability bolt that holds the whole thing together broke and popped off and was unrepairable . ;--LRB- We have sent it back and will shop for one we can see the quality before purchasing.Thanks , Andrea
 I ordered this for my 14 year old son to practice pitching . 24 pitches into using it and it was broken -LRB- center ` target ' torn -RRB- in two places . I requested a return and Amazon had another one sent out immediately . The second one has last about 100 pitches . It is has torn in the same place as the first . The target is held onto the the main frame by an elastic band with a hook on it . The sewing of the band to the material of the target is so bad that if a ball hits in the are , it will snap.Do not buy this item . It is a total peice of junk . Spend your money on something of higher quality and hopefully it wo n't be such a piece ...
 This net was wonderful for the first 2 times we set it up and folded it back into its case . After that , it was impossible to fold back into the case and the steel frame became permanently deformed . It is still somewhat usable but by no means is the `` portable '' net that we were hoping for .
 I bought this product for my son 's birthday in order to help him improve his pitching ability . The net was pretty easy to set up , and he was very excited to get started using it . The net seems pretty durable so far , though the spikes do not stay in the loops to secure the net to the ground too well . We have to keep re-staking it . However , the main disappointing aspect is that the pitching target attachment -LRB- which is the main reason I bought the net in the first place -RRB- has already ripped . It has four side straps with hooks to attach to rings on the side ends of the net , and two button straps on the top that attaches to the top end of the net . The net came with one of the side rings missing , so we had to attach the target 's side strap to part of the net . My son had only had this product for a couple of weeks , and one of the side straps had ripped off the target attachment . The target attachment is now askew due to not having all the straps , which is very frustrating since my son has only had this for a couple weeks . I will definitely be demanding a new one or my money back , and would not recommend this product if your main focus for getting it is for pitching .
 This was great until it was time to take it down . The instructions are very bad . They jump from a picture of the product basically being bent in half and then the next picture shows the product totally coiled up . As a matter of fact , the next three pictures show a completely coiled product in different states of the guy pressing it from knee height into the bag . The coil process is n't clear at all though . Like other comments on this site , the end result is a twisted up frame if the coil perfectly by itself . The instructions even state , `` Alternate sides will coil into a circle and overlap each other . '' Oh yea ? And what if they form a freaking oversized oval instead of circles ? `` The net will almost fold by itself . '' Um ... ok . Anyways , if you plan on leaving this up in your yard , it 's a fine product . If you have someone around that owns one and can show you how to fold it , you may want to give it a try . Otherwise , prepare for a frustrating time attempting to put it away , with the end result being a twisted up frame that is pretty far from the original product .
 ivew used a few different bass attractants and this one is the worst , besides mike brand crayfish which only attracts carp lol but this one sucks too save you $ $
 I really wanted to give this product a try as a chaffing preventative , but given that amazon did not list the ingredients I should not have ordered it without further research . I value my reporductive health , so it will be going back unopened.The second ingredient in this product is petroleum derived mineral oil , a byproduct of petrochemical refinement and always contains harmful polycyclic aromatic compounds even if it is food-grade or cosmetic grade . I 've studied toxicology formally and will be the first to say that your groin is no place for petrochemicals . The skin in those sensitive areas is over 100 times more absorbent -LRB- < 1 % of the protection -RRB- of lipophilic compounds compared to your hands . There are peer reviewed studies which demonstrate that cosmetics formulated with food grade mineral oil increase the frequency of skin cancers in hairless mice.Mineral oil is not a necessary active ingredient , it is an extemely cheap petro-chemical filler which is easily substituted with plant derived compounds not featuring benzene rings.Dissapointed . It may work great ... but simply not okay .
 But my long rides have n't made me need this yet . A bike butt after some time off is something everyone gets , but if you are a steady rider , probably wo n't need this .
 Standard shell holder about the size of a Quarter and about twice as thick . Can be sent in an envelope with a stamp . Took like a month for this thing to show up
 When I got this for Christmas I was really excited . After setting it up to see what it looked like and tested it out . After testing we -LRB- my dad and I -RRB- folded it up as per the instructions and placed in the bag . The next day I took out to set it my garage and the frame was bent . After hours of trying to get the frame straight again I realized it was broken . I returned to store and am going to buy a different brand . DONT GET THIS NET !!!!!!
 Do not buy this product ! It does not hold up to repeated folding and unfolding . It worked great for the first 2 times , but then it starts loosing structure . It comes apart during hitting and does not stand up any longer .
 Unfortunately Easton has ` struck out ' on this net . I used it for 3 seasons and it just would n't fold up correctly after about the 4th time . the wieght of the net and poles along with the cumbersome/awkward setup makes this net a failure from day one . As a coach I would advise against this net . I got it on a deal for 69.99 but it was n't worth the many headaches I experienced . Also , if my son would soft toss to me it would barely hold up to my swings and I by all counts am a doubles hitter not a homerun hitter . Save yourself the headache and look elsewhere for your portable batting needs . There is a reason this product gets so many 3 star or less ratings .
 I 'm writing to express my severe displeasure with the A162 926 , 7 ' batting net . I 've had absolutely nothing but problems with it from the time I removed it from the packing . To begin with the instructions are misleading as to the simplicity of putting the netting back into the carrying case . On no less than 4 occasions I 've attempted to fold the net just as pictured only to end up wearing as a hat ; each time I 've spent more than 30 minutes working on it . Yes , I found this quite funny , too , the first two times . Just to prove to myself that it 's just not me , I asked a teammate to try the same with the same results . We ended up getting it into somewhat of a semi-circle and securing it with zip ties making it hardly easy to transport and rendering the carrying case useless.Secondly , it falls apart about every 10 swings . Even with balls being hit directly into the center of the netting , the pins pop from the posts and the net collapses to one side . As far as the posts securing the base , I realize they are only as good as the soil supporting as to its ability to absorb the force and torque of the ball hitting the net.I 've given the net the benefit of the doubt as I might have something to do with incorrect assembly but with multiple players trying the near exact same thing I 'm putting it down to either design flaw or it was not design for adult use contrary to the pictures depicting its use.I would not recommend this for adult softball use .
 This is an extremely poorly made net . `` Improvements '' made to the original model are faulty . The net barely stands up after minimal use do to poorly designed connector assembly -LRB- essentially a washer with a nipple -RRB- .
 does n't stand up any kind of wind , I got mine two monthes ago and now it is twisted and not in the original shape.I wish I could return it .
 Bought this for batting at home in June ' 06 . Works great only if set up on a slight incline -LRB- hitting slightly down hill -RRB- . On flat ground , or any type of grade going up behind the net , it falls down at the slightest wind . Actually it falls down even when set up ideally with the most moderate of winds.Balls normally kick out of this net rather than staying inside . Also , one of the two folding polls had the metal nipple part push back up into the poll , which I have to pull back out every time I set it up.do what 95 % of serious teams do -LRB- go to any baseball or softball Travel tournament and you 'll see -RRB- , and get a Jugs Insta-Net for only $ 10 - $ 20 more .
 I am an engineer , and a fairly mechanical person . This net is just too hard to get set up and take down . I returned it after the first two times I tried . They should revert to the style that they use for outside tents . I had an Adidas net , but after three years it broke , and I can not find it to replace anywhere .
 This is a decent net , easy to pack and unpack , but its completely useless if there is any wind blowing . How often is there NO wind ! I have tried to use this net for practices and pre-game warmup , but its just too big of a hassle if there is the slightly bit of wind.I would recommend this product only if you intend to use it indoors .
 I own this net and it stinks ! Actually it 's okay when you first get it but then the poles have these little washers that fall out making the thing useless . This not just that I happened to get one bad net . It 's happened to everyone I know that has purchased this net . Friends , other coaches , even my daughter 's high school softball team had bought this product and it did n't last a season . As an added bonus when you call customer service they say the parts are unavailable , as in they do n't sell replacement pieces . You 're on your own.My advice ... . BUY THE JUGS NET ! It has no poles and is easy to work with . At first I though it would be difficult to deal with but after looking at the instructions -LRB- duh -RRB- it 's actually quite simple to open and fold up .
 I purchased this net at The Sports Authority and have used it religiously for only about a year for baseball soft toss . About a month ago tears started to appear in the netting . Now the product is unusable and I am looking for something that is more sturdy . Until the netting began to tear , I had really liked the product with a few issues . Wind knocks the pins out easily and the two supporting bars become displaced . I can look past those problems if Easton would use better quality netting . I would not recommend this product if you plan on using it frequently .
 I purchased this product based on the claim that it is portable and the ease to fold down and store . The first time I used it it took me nearly 20 minutes to get it to fold up and store away . There were many occasions where I was unable to get it to fold up at all , and ended up just leaving it outdoors . If you leave it folded too long the frame starts to get distorted . A major disappointment ...
 This is not even close to the real thing . The colors are way off and the picture itself is completely wrong .
 The flag that I received looked nothing like the picture and nothing like the Louisiana state flag . Louisiana 's flag is not bright blue , it does not contain a swan , the banner is yellow and contains more colors than bright blue , white , and black .
 No mistake about it , this is a great deal for 10,000 bb 's , but the item described as `` Polished Perfect Grade '' was not at all polished , nor perfect . I am not basing this two-star review on color -LRB- we received two 5,000 bags of UKArms green bb 's -RRB- , nor by the seller , but purely on the grade of the bb . All the bb 's had a visible `` nub '' flashing you could also feel , so they were n't polished very well and did not roll straight on the table like other bb 's have.My son put them in to his new UHC 1911 spring-powered pistol and none of them shot consistently . They curved pretty hard to the left , right , up , and down . He loaded the sample bb 's that came with his pistol and they shot perfectly . He also tried bb 's given to him by his friend and all of them shot straight , so we know it 's not the fault of the pistol.It could very well be that these were a fluke batch of defective bb 's . Again , my review of the actual product is two stars , but I did not have a great customer service experience either . I did attempt to work things out with the company who sold them , as it requested . I sent several emails to their customer service -LRB- and got auto-replies -RRB- , but after about 18 hours I still had not received a reply . I called to follow up this afternoon and spoke to a seemingly pleasant person who claimed none of my emails were ever received and he could not find my Amazon.com order , which I read to him about four times and even sent him a PDF of it ... he claimed he never got it and he still could n't find me anywhere in the company 's `` system '' . Finally , he asked for my phone number and said he would call me back , which he never did . I give everyone the benefit of the doubt-things happen , people get busy-but this is not the type of customer service I expected and this evening I boxed up the bb 's and prepared them for return and refund.I do n't like leaving negative feedback , but just did not feel that this was worth the aggravation a couple dollars more solved at the local Walmart with the Crosman `` Camo Ammo '' ... 10,000 of the .12 g bb 's for just two dollars more than what I paid and they have been shooting just fine .
 I bought this product twice and the first time i bought them they worked well and shot smoothly but when i bought them the second time , the were really crappy and jammed every gun that i shot them out of -LRB- or at least tried to -RRB- . It is a good price for the bbs , but its not worth a gamble every time you buy them and i think that if you tell your customers something , it should be done . these are going back to the seller and i will probably never buy these again .
 I never recieved the product that was advertised all i got was tiny small packages of multi colors that i did not want . Because it was christmas pressents I had to use the crap that was sent to me . I never recieved my product and believe that this is false advertisment . I will purchase any thing from this company again . Oh you only got 1 star because there was not and option for zero or less .
 I bought this and realized the BBs where going pretty fast . It came with 10 bags full of BBs so I just thought each bag had 1000 BBs . I decided to count them with a speed loader and noticed each bag had 600 BBs . When I called Amazon they gave me the phone number of the people who sold them to me . When I called they were very rude and even denied they sold me this product . I just hung up on the douche bags and called Amazon customer service to request a return . I 'd already used about 2 bags of BBs so they told me they 'd only refund me for a a part of the $ if I returned them so I just decided to keep them . Please save yourselves the trouble and DO NOT order this shit .
 Got these after a few days , put them in the gun -LRB- G36 M85 -RRB- , they do n't fire . Put some of the original bullets that came with the gun in , it works fine . Also , they are blue not yellow as shown , not that it matters what color they are if the gun wo n't fire .
 Urgent . . do not buy ! Got these in and they were n't even spherical ! Polished perfect grade is a total lie . I tried to shoot these in my AEG and they literally curved 10 feet in the first 8-10 yards . They will screw up your gun and you will be throwing 10 bucks -LRB- counting shipping -RRB- completely down the drain . It honestly looked like someone took two half spheres and glued them together a millimeter off center ! By the way , anyone who actually gave a good review on these clearly did n't buy them .
 I ordered 4 items -LRB- main item was a BB gun -RRB- from the same page/site , all items were to be used together -LRB- thats the impresion I got from the page -RRB- these BB 's do not work on the BB gun I ordered and neither does the quick load , on top of all this I was charged separate S&H ; for each item , this was my first purchase from Amazon and my last.Sicerely , AL M. Silva
 i just purchased my bbs 3 days ago and still the order has not be processedim not liking this alreadyit probably worth the money but the waiting just for processing the order is a pain i can imagine what its like when it comes to shipping
 The bbs arrived within 5 days . That 's not very fast . Also when they did arive , they Where not even perfect . They where the wrong color and also they had large sized lines -LRB- from the casting of the plastic -RRB- So all in all these are not even close to worth it .
 NHL 08It was the most excited I had been for a game in a really long time . They were finally adding the AHL and you could develop a minor league system . I had read a lot of reviews and they all said basically the same thing
 I waiting what seemed like forever for this game to come in the mail and when if finally got here , all I have to say is what a disappointment ! The game looks exactly , i mean exactly like the 07 version . The new controls do n't add much . They saved most of the new features and innovation for the PS3 version and threw out the 07 game with a different cover . I ca n't even recommend buying it for updated rosters as the ones on the game are very old , probably from 07 as well . I 've always bought EA Sports games but now I 'll think twice before buying another .
 If you know anything about EA Sports , it 's that year after year , they recycle the same sports game by keeping the old and slapping a new year on it . NHL 08 is no different , and although there have been a few additions , this is basically the same hockey game we 've seen on the PS2 for the last few years . What has been added is watered down version of the skill stick that has been on the next-gen console versions of the game , as well as minor league management featuring the AHL teams . While this may be enough new additions for some , they really do n't amount to much in the long run . Dynasty Mode is incredibly disjointed when it comes to signing free agents and managing the cap , while the other gameplay modes remain the same . The core gameplay itself has n't really changed at all either , and still features some incredibly poor team defenses that allow for the typical arcade quality EA hockey we 've come to expect over the years . The play by play commentary is also much recycled again as usual , and you 're better off turning it off during play . And is it just me , or do the graphics look worse this time around ? In any event , NHL 08 for the PS2 is the same game we 've played for the last few years with minor features , and once again , you 're better off with the 2K series instead .
 I recently just received the accesory bar and it is solid . I gave this review one star for the company that sent it and not for the bar itself . I received the package with the box ripped from the sides and the bar itself has a big gash in it that tears through the grip and scratches the steel bar as if it was scraped against something metal . If this is how the company ships their products , then I recommend you purchase the accesory bar somewhere else .
 This product was well made but did not feel secure with the way it is used . It just lays on top of the Door Gym with no phycial attachment . Did not feel it was safe to use .
 I was looking for more cold weather running gear . I read other reviews on this pant and took a chance . I never got to try them on because they sent me the wrong size . Then when I called to return them they had switched companies . So , I had to return the pants and then reorder from the other company . Not worth the hassle for pants I did n't even like looking at . They were super thin material . Buyer beware ...
 The stitching was defective and left a small area unseamed . Decided to keep them because they are out of stock and for the amount I paid , they are n't bad after a bit of patching up . They do come up to my belly button -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 &#34; -RRB- , so the woman modeling them in the picture must be much taller . They also get quite baggy after wearing but return to shape after washing . They do run big but not as bad as most other brands I have tried . I have an x-small , and I weigh 110 lb .
 This bag looked fun , but remember that it takes two hands to drink from it because it is not rigid . -LRB- Ca n't use it biking or driving . -RRB- And after I washed it , the nondescript cap went missing -- probably tossed in the garbage like all other plastic caps . -LRB- Replacement cap is $ 3 plus shipping . -RRB- It 's tricky to wash and difficult to get dry inside .
 Unless your belly is as flat as a board , this shirt will feature however much projects outward to the world as though it were on stage and illuminated by a spotlight . The curved bottom line of the top colored section affords the look of a late-term pregnancy.If you 're OK with such a presentation , then this may be the shirt for you ! ...
 As of today 7 , Aug 06 , I still have not received the Jersey , I think this was ordered over a month ago , I have received the bill of $ 84.98 added to my charge card but not the item . Could you please check this.Thanks , Jimmy Crook
 This is a toy for young kids and cheaply done . The mask is too small for a 12 years old face . The elastic strap does not even allow the mask to stay on the face , it seems already worn - even before being taking out of the bag . If I could send it back without paying the shipping , I would do so
 It 's a good mask but I do n't not recommend for children it 's way to big and when I tried to put it Around my head the string popped and did n't fit my head .
 I bought this mask for my grandson to wear when he is shooting his airsoft pistol . the first time he wore it the foam rubber pads on the inside of the mask came off . Two of the little crommetts that holds it together came off . My husband tried to repair the mask . The design is great and it protects the eyes and face , BUT the workmanship of the mask is pretty shoddy . I bought 2 of the masks and they both had the same problem . Work on the quality of the product and the mask will be great .
 what ever the price dont get this mask in an airsoft arena i was shot and it went through the plastic get a better mask with abs plaseic
 While the masks are sufficient for their use , this was the worst purchase ever . Shipping was as much as the masks and we had to beg them for the product . When I first started an inquiry on the shipping delay it took 5 emails for them to say what was wrong . I was accused of stealing -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- because I wanted the products or a full refund . The actually arrived mid January when they were ordered mid November . I have never heard the words `` we are sorry ''
 Total junk , cheap , no elasticity in the strap no padding for facewould not be worth it even at a dollar store
 I guess you get what you pay for ... this is a cheap toy/novelty item that should not be used for airsoft or paintball . The packaging even says in huge letters TOY and nothing about protection , very cheap and flimsy the most you could get out of this is maybe something for a Halloween costume as it is even cheaper than a cheap Halloween mask .
 this mask is extremely uncomfortable , as the metal rivets dig into the bridge of your nose . It is n't the pictured mask either , its a much cheaper mask . The sides of the mask arent tight against your face , leaving room to ricochet in and cause some serious eye damage . not to mention the mask just looks ugly . NOT THE MASK PICTURED!just go by this rule of thumb
 I ordered this product a few days ago and when it got here , my parents we 're skeptical about it . Because of their doubts , I took a few shots at it and my bbs easily went through the plastic parts from 20 feet away . I ended up having to take it away in pieces -LRB- after many hits -RRB- because the plastic could not hold up . The metal mess covering your eyes also dented from hits from bbs , but it did n't break from the hits . Also , my gun shoots at 400 fps which is decent , but you can find guns that shoot over 500 fps in games . Anyone who chooses to use this product should be careful because any good hit and it will break to some degree .
 Cool looking mask with great protection for the entire face . The wire mesh is a smart solution to the fogging up problem with other masks . But the `` chain is only as strong as the weakest link '' , the rivets/buttons that hold the mouth portion to the goggles are made of cheap plastic . My son played two one hour games and three out of five rivets are gone . If you look at the stock photo on this site you can see for yourself that one rivet is missing from the right side of the goggles . You will never guess what country made this product , it has the letters c h i n a in it . Not all is lost , with a few short screws you can reattach the mask .
 They 're right . This will stop BBs . But it makes them explode on contact with the wire mesh . My friend shot me full auto in the face with his 300 FPS uzi . My eyes were sprayed with multiple plastic fragments . I think this should be reviewed by some safety organization and banned from the market . The area where I was hit by fragments got sliced up pretty good by the plastic bb fragments , I never knew that they could do this much damage . Buyer beware , do NOT buy this for your children ! Just save up and buy a goggle and mask set .
 You do n't want one of these masks . Many people have commented on their durability , claiming when you shoot a round point blank into one the mask is holding up , just getting dented . However , in reality the rounds are actually getting shredded apart by the metal wire mesh . What this means for you is that you got a dozen sharp tiny pieces of plastic coming at your eyes now , not one big BB . Do n't buy these things , they really are bad news .
 This product looks much better in the picture than it really is . I bought this item as a Christmas present for my son . The rivets that held the goggles to the face shield were not fastened properly so the product fell apart in my son 's hands as he pulled it from the package . Do yourself a favor and spend the extra $ 20 for a better product ... your child will be much happier ... and safer !!
 this mask is horriblei bought it for my son and the goggle part is fine but the little plastic bolts that are -LRB- supposed -RRB- to hold the mask and goggles together fall apart . i had to thread string through mine to keep it together . good mask if it didnt fall apart in a week
 Bought this for my son after doing some searching and seemed like this would be the best in our budget -LRB- and on sale -RRB- for him to play airsoft . When we received the mask it was in packaging that reminded me of something that would be found at a dollar store . When my son put the mask on it did fit his face but the elastic strap was so old it was completed dried out and had lost its elasticity . I was able to dig in my crafting supplies to create a new strap.The one thing that gets me is the original cost of this TOY -LRB- as it is described on the packaging -RRB- was $ 25 ? I truly doubt it . Most likely $ 1 and they marked it up for those people like me who know little about airsoft and the proper gear .
 This hoodie has a mini-plastic zipper that lasted for about two months after my purchase . At that time the zipper kept separating after being zipped up . Recently -LRB- seven months after purchase -RRB- the zipper completely disintegrated from the hoodie , making it useless . I 'd return it if i could but the one-month return window has past . Easy to see why the return window is one month .
 Was this item a knockoff or a second ? No sewen in tag or label , no fiber content label . The name cuddleduds was stamped on the inside at the back in black ink . The next 2 or 3 lines were smeared and not readable . They do not fit as comfortably as my other cuddle duds . The packaging was not labeled only a code number and the words wash in cold water .
 When I got The mask it was bent and uncomfortable to wear . The mask is Rubber and What I did was just take of the goggle and use them . I suggest If your going to buy this to just Get cheap Ski Goggles .
 This sux . Not the mask i ordered and the one i got was easly broken by a well mb03 400 ish fps . Get a tipman tp420 or something like that .
 We received the head protection gear and it was already half falling apart . the pieces were not put together and the foam was losely fitting and falling off . The snap on part of the mask had broken pieces so it could not snap on or had already broken off . The only good aspect is Amazon 's return policy . My 10 year son was very upset he could not play withthe other kids when the face mask came in.Thank you Amazon for getting his money back .
 Quite possibly the worst purchase I have ever made . The helmets were falling apart before they got here , two of the four had issues with the foam around the goggles when they arrived , the other two lost the foam after using them for 3-4 minutes -LRB- we had to stop the game to tear out the foam that was falling into people 's eyes -RRB- . Just awful . Nothing good to say about this mask at all .
 Mask was a gifr for my son . Pieces were missing that held the lower part of the mask to the face . It 's on its way back to Amazon .
 The visor had broken pins and was missing one too . But i guess i get what i paid for . but i piad $ 15 for a generic airsoft mask at dunhams sports goods and its left me a lot happier then this mask .
 This mask is a very disapointing product . This mask is only good for airsoft . If you paintball with this please use caution . It comes apart fairly easy . I recomend o take of all of the mask part and just use the goggles for airsoft with a mesh mask . I hope this review is helpful .
 This mask fell apart on the inside after only a few uses . The foam came off very easily as we slipped it on and off . Would not buy this one again .
 My brother , sister , and I wanted to buy some masks for airsoft , and really did n't want to spend too much , so we decided to go with these . All we really wanted them for was playing in our back yard , so quality was n't too big an issue . The items shipped in standard time , and arrived in fair condition . The visor on one had pulled apart , but it was an easy fix . The mask is extremely flexible , so any hard shots are n't going to just bounce off . The visor is flimsy , and like I said , it does come apart rather easily . The worst part about it though is the goggles . They are wavy , hard to see through , and make depth perception very difficult . All in all , they are really cheap masks , which is what I expected when I only paid $ 13 for them . If I was planning on using them for competition , I 'd probably send them back , but since we 're only fooling around in the yard , I think they 'll work out fine .
 Positive Points : - Comfortable-Protects your face entirely-CheapNegative Points : - Can Fog Up if you 're lying on the ground-Makes it hard to use the ironsights on guns , due to conflict with the mouth protecting section of the mask . The only way to fix that is remove that part , which makes the mask partially impractical.-The Goggles act as a Lens , but the lens oddly distorts things at the center , almost giving it a weird wavy feel that is dizzying.-The Foam comes off easilyTo put it simply , it 's not worth a buy in my opinion . Cheap , yes , but there are other better cheaper masks around , or if you 're willing to make a slightly larger investment , it will pay off . I regret buying this .
 I do not recommend anyone purchase these masks . They did not even last a day before they started to fall apart .
 This mask is horr-i-ble . When we first opened the box , the glue for the foam that covers your nose and eyes oozed off during shipping -LRB- Cheap glue -RRB- . The exterior of the mask is rubbery so it may/will look deformed when wearing it . Does not look stylish or cool at all . If you have no choice , it 's ok . I suggest that you do NOT buy this gun if you can wait and save up money for a better mask .2 / 10
 The item appeared to have been used ; the goggles detached from the mask when put on . Big disappointment and quite frankly embarrasing , as it was a birthday gift .
 You might as well go and get some bbs insead of this . ITS TERRIBLE . Ok I put it on and it was really tricky but when I got the hang of it was fine . A few days later I was going to use it when I put it on the fome on the inside tor off . . There also is a blind spot ware the plastic curvs and scruse your eyes up and gess ware its at ... . in the middle !!!!! Do not buy this
 This is an excellent example of you get what you paid for . I bought 4 masks each under $ 15 . The lens is watery which means it is like looking through a wet windshield . Very uneven view . The foam around the goggles to pad the face detaches extremely easily . If you notice the picture for this product it looks a little askew . That is what it looks like exactly.Since we field tested the mask we wo n't be able to return it . We are trying to fix the foam issue but the lens is a wash.What we do like is the mask covers the ears and face well . It is also light and breathes .
 It broke twenty minutes after we got it . If I were you do not waste your time with it . It is a piece of junk .
 We bought this mask as a Christmas present and when our son opened the sealed plastic the rubber bolt that holds the mask together fell apart and the foam that rests around the eyes was n't adhered to the mask itself , so just falls down . The mask is absolutely useless at this point and has never even been put on . We should get our money back and/or a new one .
 Do n't waste your money as this mask not only feel apart but it 's a safety risk
 First the foam inside the mask came loose and fall off without use , the google visibiliy is very bad , they distortionate waht you see , the mask as you see in the picture is like that soft plastic , that never will fit in place perfectly so yo will look like strange , but if you are looking just for fun and fe shoot this will protect you but there are better mask outhere for 2 more dollars .
 This mask fell apart with in the first 2 hours of using it . It is not worth the money . Go to Walmart and spend the extra 9 dollars and get a mask that will last . That 's what we had to do .
 I am very upset I even got this thing . I could have bought a better one at Wal-Mart . The scope is likea little kids toy , actually my toddler has toys of better quality . Now I 'm stuck with it . Does anyone wan na but it ?
 This product is for airsoft guns only !!!! the description makes it sound like it will handle the recoil of a .22 or a breakbarrel air rifle . It is not ableto take the recoil of a .22 or a air rifle . I put it on my Gamo air rifle and shot it 3 times and the sight went dead . The whole sight is made of lightweight plastic .
 terrible mounting system cheap scope all it is is plastic and you cant sight it in pretty much a fail i just have it for looks
 This holster looks cool , but its not worth even the little you pay . It took over a week to get to me and when I got it , I was not happy . IMPOSSIBLE TO DRAW YOU PISTOL !! DO NOT BUY !!!
 This is a very nice looking ride-on toy , but unfortunately it 's very badly designed . The wheels at the back stick out from the car , so that when the kids push they bang their heels on the back wheels . We 've had it for almost 4 years now , and even at the different ages -LRB- sizes -RRB- the kids always have trouble riding on it . If you want something to just sit on and look good , then this is the ride-on for you . If you want one that the kids can easily zip around on , shop around .
 Our daughter got this for Christmas this past year and it has yet to be realiable as far as the screws staying in the front forks that are supposed to hold the pedals , we have called the manufacturer and explained to them the problem and they keep telling us that the replacement parts are still on back order , we first called them as soon as the trike was put together and noticed the problem . We definately would not recommend this product to ANYONE concerned with safety . This toy has all the elements to have a recall put on it but that has yet to be done . The manufacturer does n't seem to be in any hurry to correct the problem and my daughter is going to be wanting to ride it outside within the next couple of weeks and I am unable to let her because of this safety issue . I 'm hoping that I can return the trike to ToysRUs this weekend and get something more safer for our daughter .
 Holster is very lightweight , durable and conceals nicely ; however , it locks too tightly makeing it extremely difficult to remove my weapon -LRB- Glock 27 -RRB- without brute force and added seconds . I was hoping it was simply in need of a break in period but it has proven to be somewhat of a design flaw . I will probably toss it as I would not give this to a friend . I have owned other Fobus holsters which work great . It seems they just botched on the G27 model .
 Not ready for prime time . I bought this watch for two reasons ; first I really liked it 's minimalistic design -LRB- fan of Bauhaus and Swiss design -RRB- , next because I need to keep track of UTC/GMT/Zulu time for my work . So the fact that this watch also gave me a second time zone clinched the deal . Ordered and arrived quickly . Opened the box and set the time and the second time zone . Used my `` Most Accurate Clock '' to make sure the time was correct . As I was watching the movement of the second hand my first disappointment was that this hand did not always line up with the markings on the face , small detail I thought only a minor distraction from the fact that I could keep track of UTC so I let it slide . I put this watch back in the box so I could check the time keeping accuracy . Reopened the box 24 hours later and the first thing I notice was that the second time zone hand had fallen back about 30 minutes . Hmmm , reset it and waited a few more hours , once again it had fallen back . Thinking this is such a cool watch and did n't want to have to return it I called the US distributor and selected the Service department option . No answer so I left a message . 24 hours later second hour hand again 30 minutes behind and no call from the distributor . Time to return and move on ...
 I 've just received my T05103 , something I was looking forward to . I was anxious to see this watch in operation , as it looks good in photos -LRB- I liked the direct simplicity -RRB- but which also had reviews which gave a mixed impression . Disappointed ! Like another reviewer noted , the second hand lines up between marks , which is inexcusable in a watch of this price . This watch came without a manual -LRB- which I needed to figure out the 24-hour hand -RRB- , although I was able to find it online . This is a watch which will go into rotation with an original Victorinox Swiss Army watch and a Casio atomic-time G-Shock , a watch which remains my reference watch , and still the preferred choice . After leaving the watch overnight , I awoke to find that the 24-hour hand had lost half an hour . This watch is undependable , and frankly , a piece of garbage . I 'm returning it , and have no intention of getting another .
 This Taylor-Made support bar is sold by everyone in the marine busienss so I 'm not bashing the reseller . The problem is , the plastic end pieces are susceptible to attack by UV light from the sun and they always end up deteriorating and ultimately falling apart within a couple of years . I 've replaced at least 5 of them on my boat over the past 20 years . This is a design flaw and Taylor-Made ought to be ashamed . Somebody needs to make an all-aluminum or stainless version . I 'd pay extra !
 Well I just got this gun a hour ago along with my brother in law we put out over $ 70.00 each . We left the store thinking it would be fun to try them out on the weekend . When I got home my brother in law was on the phone , man my safty just fell out in 2 parts right in my hand no surprize to me so had mine . It dose not even seem to be plastic some kind of backcolite or some junk . I have been useing air powered guns for over 25 years I have seen good and bad but never have I seen junk like this $ 70.00 who are you kidding this thing is not worth $ 10.00 . I ` am so glad I did not get the chance to put air on it the cheap parts this gun is made up of would most likely have blown up in my face . I was warned by every one who knows anything about airsoft to stay away from this brand and now I know why for your own safty !!!!!!! If you do not give it at least one star you ca n't post ?
 I also had this guy fall apart on me , the had gotten stuck and while I was trying to fix it , a piece fell off . Great gun if you want to hassle with it .
 I need to return this product as it is not what I needed , I need a longer roller than this size . Unfortunately , after a few calls and e-mails I 've gotten no response from this company . I 'm going to be very careful what I order on Amazon that is not directly from Amazon , 3rd party companies have n't been easy to deal with .
 I did not like it . Not the draw that seem totally different from the picture , not the function . It does not stay in place and rolls very bad .
 Looks pretty good , but material is too cheap for the price paid . Broke twice after we received it . Tossed it away .
 I bought a pair last year , which was early style -LRB- made in Italy -RRB- , it was awsome ! some how I broke the frame . So I ordered this one from UVEX sport , they described it as made in Italy , but actually made in China . The quality was awful ! It slips and the lense had some optical problem . I was forced to returned it after one day . so I glued my old one back and use it as it , and It still works GREAT ! All I can say is `` OVER PRICE KNOCK OFF , ''
 I bought two of theswe units and find the female connection does not go into the boot deep enough . I was unable to screw the entire connector onto the back of my boat . I will now be forced to buy new cables . When one adds the cost of this failed attempt , the two cables become increasingly expense . The boots need another quarter to three-eights inches of depth to accomdate a female plug .
 the right shoulder strap was defective , it would not stay taught rendering the strap totally useless . there was also a three inch tear in the bottom of the main compartment . i didnt even use it once . the pictures are deceiving , the product is of low quality .
 The bag however is about half the size that it appears in the picture I was very disappointed in this packpack it way to small for my needs . I would like to know what classified as a level III more like a level one ...
 The item itself was too small to be used for what I was intending on using It for . I was also a little displeased with how long it took to get to me . The item was in great shape so for that I was pleased with .
 I used this for school for a while and for a camping trip . We hiked maybe two miles and it dug into my shoulder the entire time . It was n't loaded heavily either , there just is n't a lot of padding on the straps .
 I really liked his Assault pack , It worked well for me . Up until the right strap broke . It has n't even been 30 days . Pretty disappointed .
 I have had the bag for less than six months , and it has started to fall apart . I use it for my small laptop and take it to work everyday , so although it gets used everyday , it would say it 's lite use . About a month ago , one of the plastic straps broke . Then today the entire side of the bag -LRB- top to bottom -RRB- ripped open.Although I liked it in the beginning , I have to say it 's junk .
 To start off with , when I received the pack , the box it came in had a huge hole in one side of it . The box looked like someone kicked the crap out of it . The item was damaged during shipment -LRB- broken buckle -RRB- and when I loaded the pack up ; it ripped as soon as i zipped it shut . The material that the pack consists of is cheap and easily torn . I RMA 'd the pack the same day I got it . Be smart , save your money and buy a quality pack .
 I was planning on using this bag for school , but it 's god awful small -LRB- I ca n't exaggerate this enough -RRB- . Stated on the 2nd picture , it says it 's 18 inches deep . It 's bull , do n't fall for it , I measured it myself and it was roughly 13-14 inches deep . Any Molle pack can pull off school books and supplies but struggling to fit even 2-3 college text books is a disgrace . AVOID THIS BAG
 this bag is big enough for maybe 2 days worth of supplies . the quality of the bag is subpar and the pictures are extremely deceiving
 This bag was much smaller than what I expected . It is not built well at all . Zippers were cheap , material is cheap , straps were cheap , etc. . I have a 15 '' laptop that I wanted to fit , it did , but it left no room for anything else . Pictures were deceiving . Looks cool , and would work well to carry small light things . But not to carry books , camping gear , etc in .
 it is too small for me.size not right for me i need more large size and a little expencieve
 First , the blocks are * not * 4 lbs as advertised the in title . If you look at the specs you will see that the shipping weight is 1.8 lbs for both -LRB- I should have looked at the specs first before ordering -RRB- When I received the blocks , the first thing I noticed was their lack of weight.Second , the blocks smell strongly of bad smelling chemicals -LRB- I am not the only reviewer to notice this , but apparently the only one offended by it -RRB- . I took the shrinkwrap off of one and had to immediately place it outside because of the horrible odor.I will try to return these items - I will report back what happens with the return . Based on the seller 's return policy , my gut feeling is that they wo n't refund the shipping and will charge me a 35 % restocking fee since one of these items is opened , even though I believe they are defective -LRB- i.e. smell like chemicals -RRB- and not as advertised -LRB- i.e. not 4 lb -RRB- . We 'll see .
 Dont even waste your time . These are cheap and poor quality . I boght two and broke both of then on the first load
 I ordered these shoes a week and a half ago and still have not recieved them . I do n't know how much longer I am going to have to wait . Your really better off buying them at your nearest retailer of shoes and if they dont have them ask them to order them for you . This is ridiculous . If your expecting a speedy delievery under a week this product may not be for you .
 These shoes look great . They are very trendy and a lot of people are wearing them nowadays . The biggest problem I have with these shoes is that they hurt my feet . The soles are too flat . When I tried running in them , my heels began to hurt . Walking wise , they are n't the most comfortable to say the least . They are also heavy for what they are . Too expensive for what they are . These shoes are probably bad for your back because they do n't absorb any impact . Personally , I do n't recommend them for anyone .
 was gon na mark this one star ... the size was miss-leading , and too large for my daughter to wear . She really , really wanted these , was soooo excited when she opened them . One full size , or more , too large , maybe men 's vs. women 's ? Miss-marked ? Now what ? There they sit in her room until I can fix the problem . But ... the quality was very nice , shipped well , all that . SO , two stars .
 They picture high tops and only write in the title that it is a converse and whatever color . Only after you order and then see the shoes listed under open purchases does it finally tell you that the item you just bought is low top . I was so upset . Deceiving and conniving company . Then you have to pay for the postage to send it back . I read an earlier review from someone who had the same problem but I thought `` hey , it only happened to one person '' Well , it happened to me too . Just be super careful and read everything.I have only just opened the box , so I do n't know how good/bad the quality is yet . The sizing is right , I am a woman 's 8 , to that is a men 's 6 . It did arrive on time and the correct color and size i selected , but I REALLY REALLY wanted the high tops . The picture was of high top shoes .
 I 'm accustomed to Dansko , Sanita , and Allegria shoes , which are all very comfortable , but require a break in period . I 'm ok with that . But these never seemed to get broken in . Maybe my feet are just used to soles on my regular brands . I 'm on my feet 9 hours a day , on concrete , walking around and up and down stairs , for several miles a day , sometimes with long periods standing -LRB- I 'm an adult-education instructor -RRB- . I have heard so many great things about chucks and really wanted a different shoe I could wear from time to time , and was hoping these would be it . I wear a 10 -LRB- 40 -RRB- in women 's and the 8.5 chucks fit my foot well -LRB- thankful I read the other reviews and knew what size to order -RRB- but they just are n't the shoe for me .
 I was very disappointed when I got this sneaker . The soles were very thin and theentire sneaker was very flimsy.I returned it but had to absorb about $ 25 in shipping costs .
 I bought this as a xmas gift for my brother . The size of the show was way to big so he went and exchange it .
 My son wore these off and on for a month when school started . Both shoes , the soles started to come off . The right one came off almost completely . Do n't know if this was just a bad pair or what but I would n't order these particular Converse shoes again .
 Nice shoe and fits great , only problem is I got the wrong color and I do n't have time to return them before I leave on vacation
 Good looking shoes , but ... after just 1 month , the glue is failing at the edge of the shoe where the foot bends . The shoe still looks perfect , but I had to use shoe goo to fix it . Seems like for the price , and for as long as this style has been around it should n't so this ?!
 Got her fast , but shoes are to big and it will cost me more money to send them back and then receive them back . There should be a note on how to order Converse . One size smaller than your original foot size . Now I am dealing with shoes that are to big .
 Though I am very familiar with Chuck Taylor 's and their sizing , this site confused me . I ended up ordering the incorrect size and had to send them back to the company . Though the company did end up crediting my account back .
 Watch out , Converse are 2 sizes larger than the labeled size . We ended up giving them away , my son is size 11 and they fit his size 13 friend perfectly .
 The product itself was fine but because the item was the wrong size , I had to return for a credit or an exchange . It cost almost ten dollars to return the item after originally spending about six or seven dollars for shipping and handling . If I understand your policy , and you have the correct size and ship that , I will pay another six or seven dollars for shipping . That means for a purchase of about forty dollars , I have paid almost twenty four dollars extra . I would never purchase another clothing item from -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 heard converse shoes were hard to size up . wrong no biggie still like them cant afford now . oh well not ur fault
 I was so happy to get a pair of these shoes , until the second day I had them part of the seam ripped . Go figure with the poorly made stitching . I 've never had a pear of shoes last only one day . I ca n't believe I wasted my money on this . I 've had Wal-Mart shoes last longer than these . 365 times longer than these shoes . WTF
 I wore these shoes to the gym -LRB- powerlifting requires flat soles -RRB- no more than 4 times a week for 3 hours at a time . After 9 months I was sliding the heal on and the seam ripped -LRB- on the opening , between the toe and heal , inside edge -RRB- . Guess I 'll skip the lo top next time .
 These shoes run so big , and the size is very confusing . I emailed to find out if I could just exchange for a smaller size , but they wo n't do that . I have to send them back , and buy another pair . No thanks .
 I 've been wearing Chucks for years now , but the pair that I purchased from shoezoo fell apart after 2 months . The sole of the shoe completely ripped off the rest of the shoe , and I 've only used these shoes for casual walking . Pretty ridiculous .
 I love these converses , the only problem is I used the size guide and ordered a 7 which is supposed to be a uk 5 europe 38 , however I got a massive size 40 -LRB- 7 -RRB- and they do n't fit . Also I now live in London and ca n't return them . sad times : -LRB-
 I 've never wrote a review about any product . I 'm usually satisfied . This however kind of ticked me off . The shoe had some weird stain on it when i first saw them . they were also not the right size . I ended up giving them away .
 The service from American Athletics is poor . The shoes were the wrong size but they refused to refund the postage and wanted to charge postage again to resend the correct size . Wo n't be shopping there again .
 I love the classic style but miss the quality and durability of the Converse All Stars . I had All Stars that lasted well over five years . Some pairs I even used the soles to slow down and brake while skateboarding and they still lasted a super long time . The Converse All Stars nowadays are no where near the high quality and durability of before . Grab a pair of the high quality Converse kicks from before and compare them to the quality of today . One way to tell a high quality kick from another is the pinstripe on the sole
 The product met all specs . We wanted something that worked the abs better than this . It worked the thighs and glutes well though . We returned the product to purchase an upgraded model .
 This iem arrive broken , sender communicated once , then push the resolution to her shipper who was quite unhelpful and rude , and now I 'm still waiting for UPS to pay the claim . All in all I 'm not very satisfied .
 I used the machine for 45 minutes straight and did not feel any soreness the next day as if I had done any type of core exercise . Sorry , but I sent it back .
 I 'd love to review this item but it arrived broken . Plugged it in , worked all of two seconds and died . After a very long hold time , finally got a cust serv rep who issued a call tag and said they 'd send a replacement . They picked up the broken unit about a month ago - still no replacement . To be fair to Brookstone I have n't had time to call and complain , but I was told a replacement would ship without anything else needed on my part . Still waiting ...
 You can only set times in 1-hour differences from UTC . This fact has not been included -LRB- conveniently glossed over -RRB- in the product description . This means that being an Indian , I can use this watch only if I pretend to be a parisian , or if I have to add/subtract half an hour to the time on my watch every freaking time . What use is a watch if you can not set even the local time right when you are traveling internationally ? It has not been published on the site that this watch can not be set for time-zones of Canada , Mid-australia , India , Newzealand .
 Be careful what you wish for . My wife bought me this watch for Christmas . She and I thought the watch had everything I wanted in a watch . But when I opened it up on Christmas morning . I realized that with all of the features I desired I could not read the watch . Everything is too small to read . All of a sudden I now feel very old because I had to use reading glasses just to tell the time . I also found that the watch does not have a back light . I really need a back light . My wife was upset when I asked her to return it . But I figured at $ 300.00 I should be able to use the watch . Fortunately she enjoyed her gift .
 I bought this watch in 2002 and I was mostly happy with it until this year . I like the slightly smaller size as compared to other Skyhawks , and the understated yet classy titanium colour . A few years after purchase it stopped working and I had to send it in to have the battery replaced under warranty . Yes it does have a battery - that 's what gets recharged by light.Similar to other reviewers experience , the crystal was relatively easily scratched , paint came off the numbers on the case , and the alarms were too quiet.This year the crystal fogged after I went swimming in the ocean . As I was packing it to send in for repairs the crown fell off in my hand . I do n't think there was anything that I did to make this happen . The repair estimate from Citizen was $ 80 for a new movement , $ 98 for a new case -LRB- they said the case was cracked ? -RRB- and $ 4 for a new stem , plus $ 25 labour . Including tax and shipping the total was $ 231 . Since I can buy a new one on the net for $ 260 , I told them just to send it back unrepaired . I 'm glad I only paid $ 240 for it originally and not the list $ 550 . Still , I expected this watch to last many more years than the seven that I got out of it.I replaced it with a much cheaper Casio WVM120J which I got on amazon for half price at $ 40 , which has the solar power , 100M waterproof , multiple time zones and alarms , and count down timer . It also a backlight and atomic time keeping which works great - I 'm always within 1 second of the correct time . Of course it 's plastic , not titanium and does n't look nearly as nice . Too bad !
 I purchased this item thinking it was a good deal for $ 280 free shipping . When I received it , the face was VERY scratched . I paid $ 7 to mail it back and requested a full refund . However , I was charged $ 56 for a reshelfing fee !! BE CAREFUL WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE . IT 'S NON-EXISTANT . Items advertised as new are obviously not always so !
 Looks attractive and worked well initially . However after 3 years it just quit . Wo n't run and wo n't recharge just lies there dead .
 when the eco drive watch had a cloud of moisture on the inside of the crystal , i sent it back to citizen for warranty repair.they supposedly repaired it and returned it . some 8-10 months later , it did it again , so i returned it still under warranty.they claimed i had unscrewed the crown and would not repair it without payment.i never knew the crown could be removed and never touched it.they are the only ones who ever serviced the watch . never again.was going to sue , but they are n't worth the time .
 After weeks of researching Citizen watches and realizing they really do n't have what I 'm looking for , I settled on the Titanium Skyhawk . I really wanted a simple Titanium watch with a perpetual calendar ... Citizen makes ONE and I did n't like it.What 's wrong with this watch ? 1 . Way too thick ... sit up off your arm . The rotating bezel functions are basically useless unless you are accustomed to using a sliderule . I 'm sure a real pilot would not use it . If they took it off , the watch would be HALF as thick .2 . The crystal is not flat . It 's like looking through a coke bottle . At an angle , you ca n't see anything on the watch3 . The hands on the watch are not solid -LRB- hollowed out -RRB- ... no such thing as a quick glance to see what time it is .4 . The day/date is so small , i 'll likely only be able to see it for another year or two . I do n't wear reading glasses now . . i can even read the small numbers on the rotating bezel . But it 's almost impossible to read the digital date unless in perfect lighting.The watch looks nice and is very light . No idea you have it on your wrist . I do like yellow sweep/second hand.Overall , I could live with everything but the rounded crystal . . but for this amount of money , I should not have to `` settle '' for anything . Sadly , I will likely return the watch .
 I purchased the Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch for my husband . I paid for a `` NEW '' watch , after close examination of the watch the crystal was found to be scratched ... the company Fashion and Time refused to replace the watch or refund the cost . Stating `` the product sustained damage after one month of use '' . The watch was never touched until my husband opened it . I will never purchase anything from Fashion and Time and will let everyone I know the company is not true when the product says `` NEW '' . Horrible customer service . Fashion and Time only communicates through email , this is not a user friendly company . I am a VERY DISSATISFIED customer and now stuck with a used watch I paid full price for .
 I just purchased Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch #JR 3060-59F online from Amazon.com , but one of the pushdown buttons on the righthand side of the watch gets stuck and is not working properly , I have to return it . The watch does not even give me a chance to use it , too bad .
 Before I reveal its critical flaw , let me say I love the way the watch looks.That said , the watch has no backlight !!! I can not see the analog time at night and the digital display is completely unreadable even in dim light -LRB- have you ever seen an LCD display on a watch that did n't have a backlight ? -RRB- . Not having a backlight is an inexcusable flaw on a watch this price . And the phosporescent watch hands fade in about an hour , so that does n't help much . Of course , you could just carry a flashlight with you.Because of this flaw , I rarely wear the watch . I wear a cheaper Casio with a backlight that I do not like anywhere near as much.If considering this watch against any other , just make sure you also consider how important it is to you to be able to read the time in the dark and to be able to read the digital LCD display when you do n't have optimal light . If it is important , find a different watch .
 I purchased this club . The very first time I hit it , the crown wrinkled like a cheap accordian . Not worth the money .
 I purchased this club . The very first time I hit it , the crown wrinkled like a cheap accordian . Not worth the money .
 What make it a `` do not purchase item '' :1 . Shape of the badminton is slightly deformed , none of them is in perfect shape ... so if you care about it , its a big let down .2 . No grips ... u would n't like the idea of playing it w/o grip .3 . Shuttle that came along are poor quality ... unfit to play .
 The description is wrong , this is for the bolts only and they are not skinpacked , they are loose in a plastic container , and the picture shows nuts also ... . No nuts ... I contacted the seller and said that the description was amazon 's fault and that they were going to remove the product ... Guess not . The seller did send me the lug nuts to go with the bolts , so the situation is rectified . But it took me two weeks to get something I could have purchased at atuozone in one afternooon for a couple dollars more .
 BEWARE . This is of the quality you find on Dollar Store watches . Additionally for a childs watch it sure does n't have enough holes on the strap to put on my 6 year olds wrist . Buy elsewhere .
 Item did not survive one day . First gust of wind ripped the canopy and twisted metal legs . Obviously inferiorly made product . Not made in USA .
 I do n't know if glasses were damage , but they are too big . I had to returned them
 I just got these . The box marked was with the 8-12 size . Inside , however , I got the pruple golf bag with the clubs for a 4-7 year old -LRB- the driver is 36 &#34; -RRB- . I 'll be sending these back .
 I ordered these twice and each time I got the wrong size sent to me . The pink ones only come in the Large and not the smaller size for my very petite 6 year old . Amazon or the manufacturer is really bad about clearly stating that the pink set is the larger size and the purple set is the smaller size . I ordered it from 3 different places and all 3 times , I thought I was ordering the smaller set and I would receive the pink larger size .
 I would love to leave a review . But they have yet to send me this product . . I have gotten the wrong product both times .
 We never tried the hoop out because when we opened the box , the cabinet had a big crack across the bottom . We just decided to send it back for a refund . It looks like a lot of fun , but thought it must not hold up very well .
 The package came a few days later than promised but still quite fast . However the packing left much to be desired . The bag and the beam rack were just stuffed into the box with no extra stuffing to keep the items from rolling about during shipment . This was not the usual Amazon packaging that I was used to . True enough when I installed the rack I noticed that the bar on the beam rack that secures the bag was cracked . Very disappointed with Amazon for this . Surelly thay can do better ; they have before ! As for the product itself , the EX looks too fragile with rack being made of plastic , I should have gone for the E type which looks like the bar is made of Aluminium instead .
 im sick and tired of these p99s.they r a big copy off of the p22.the p22 is waaaaay better , first of all it comes with 2 clips a feeder , and is way more accurathde
 You would think when ordering a CO2 powered air gun that the gun would accept a CO2 cartridge , right ? This gun does not accept CO2 cartridges . It came with no instructions , no schematics , no receipt ... just an ornamental gun in a box.If this is what the manufacturer considers an air gun then you should avoid this manufacturer . This useless gun is going back !
 The bottle is made of a safe plastic , but it feels really cheap . The nozzle is also pretty stiff , so you have to really tug at it sometimes . The cage is pretty thin steel , so it bends at the slightest touch . I did n't have many problems with the bottle falling out , but the plastic tab that holds the bottle down starts wiggling around right after you start using it . It lasted about a year -LRB- I did n't use my bike that frequently -RRB- before the thin wire cage snapped off of it 's base . It 's probably worth investing is something a little more expensive and a lot more sturdy .
 I ordered similar guns directly from this company . Their return policy is NON-EXISTENT ! They say you can return , but they will only `` attempt '' to repair and send the same gun back and say you only have ONE chance to send the gun back then it is yours . So we have 2 broken guns -LRB- because they do n't hold up for any length of time -RRB- and spent $ 200.00 . I am also going to report this company the BBB and Amazon.com . Order at your own risk -- if it breaks or never worked -- it yours and you are out the money ! DO NOT ORDER YOUR GUN FROM AIRSPLAT !
 They expect people to shell out that much for an airsoft gun ? I 'm pretty sure you have better things to spend that 1.5 K on instead of a whacked out , overpriced , FAKE , gun that shoots plastic pellets .
 if i had this much money just sittin around i would buy a real m4
 did not send the scope shown in the picture and there was no mounting rail included as shown in the picture
 WAS NOT COLOR SHOWN IN PICTURE PICTURE SHOWS SILVER IT CAME BLUE I HAVE A STAINLESS RIFLE SO CANT USE IT YOU NEED TO CHANGE PICTURE COLOR
 This scope shows as being silver in color , but when it arrived from the seller -LRB- The Global Sportsman -RRB- it was black in color . A phone call to the seller proved fruitless for customer satisfaction as they insisted the color was black as shown . They agreed to to exchange it for a silver one but I had to return it at my own expense .
 Well , where do I begin ? I took this to the range with my new 10/22 yesterday.The rings that come in this package are terrible . They loosen up after about one magazine through your 10/22 , and need constant re-tightening . As you can imagine , this makes the scope shoot less than perfectly . It took a very long time to get the scope zeroed in , and the adjustments did not seem like they were holding perfectly through a 500 round day . You might be able to apply some Loctite to these to make them hold better , but then taking them off would be a massive pain . Believe me , you 'll want to take them off sooner rather than later.The screws that came with the rail included were n't threaded . That 's right , two of them lacked threads at all , while the other two appeared to be half-threaded . I tossed them out and used the ones included with the rail from my rifle . Even the rail itself did n't fit perfectly onto my receiver , so I swapped that for the stock one as well.I 'd give the scope a 2-star rating , were it on it 's own . The directional indicators for the adjustments both flew off of the scope after about 30 rounds through the gun , and I 've had to glue them back on.As a package , this product fails pretty miserably .
 It says in the description that this piece is suede leather . I was unhappy to find that the item included no suede leather in it whatsoever . It is inexpensive , durable cloth stitched together and has a nylon feel to it , and I will use this piece . However , moving forward I will be very wary about what I buy from gifted horse , since the description did not match the piece .
 I do n't know why people are throwing out five stars for this gun . It practically fell apart in my hands when I first got it . Trust me , spend the extra cash on a Jing Gong .
 The pants were really nice , but they were too large for my son . I requested an exchange -LRB- same style & color -RRB- in size medium . To date , I have NOT received the exchange . Could you please look into this for me.Thanks , Bonnie Cutler
 The frame on this table is sturdy , but the blue top is not synthetic . It is just pressboard with a thin veneer glued on top . It would not do well in outdoor conditions , as is stated in the product description .
 table has uneven bounce . I had $ 200 table from sears which had better bounce that this table .
 I have worn Thorlo Running Rolltop Socks for at least 20 years with no problem . I am extremely disappointed in this last purchase in that the elastic at the top is very tight . The opening itself is small and evidently made for a little girl 's foot .
 We purchased this item which was shipped from the manufacturer . What we got was an item which appears to have been previously sold as it was missing some of the peripheral components such as the light and laser sight . Also , the battery will not take a charge and so the gun will not work . We bought another similar air rifle at the same time and it works great .
 We ordered a gun and received it Oct 30th . It was broken by Nov 4th . We are still waiting for a replacement and it is now Feb. . We have emailed the company several times . This has been the worst customer service ever . Do not buy from DNS . I wish we would have paid attention to the bad reviews .
 not too good of a gun . for the price it isnt really worth it . The gun does shoot pretty well though , it does hurt at 15feet but anything beyond 20 it just feels like a mosquito bite . If u use the fake silencer the bullets fly everywhere . and my semi and full auto switch broke really easily . i do recommend this gun if u just wan na mess with ur friends , but if u actually wan na play dont buy this gun .
 -LRB- im 16 didnt feel like messing with the other form -RRB- This gun looks really good but 2 of my friends bought this gun the same day and got it the same day and i went with them and used it the first night with a full battary and it was shotting pretty good but the next day we went to play and both guns didnt work . I would recomend if your going to want to play alot of airsoft to buy a big name brand and not get f 'd over like i saw 2 people .
 I love the size of this jug , but when it 's fuller it splatters and drips when you pour . It will also leak if it tips over . I 'm surprised Rubbermaid has put a product out there like this . I have always trusted a Rubbermaid product before .
 I bought this size jug so that I could drink directly out of it.No matter how tight I got the lid , it leaked.So if you drink anything but water get prepared for shirt stains.This could be fixed with a rubber seal/gasket . So why do n't they ??
 Didnt leak . The handle came apart real quick . It holds water in the cap and when you unscrew it the water spills out . Wouldnt recommend .
 The product is useless , it leaks in the car during transportation a n d while drinking . V e r y disappointing .
 Picture indicates a flip top but the it was the same cap style we were trying to replace . Caps break easily and bottles tend to leak .
 This jug would have been great except the handle pops off EVERY TIME you use it . VERY annoying !! It pops off on both sides . I actually bought 2 of these jugs , from different sellers . The handle pops off on BOTH jugs . This product was a very bad design.The latch that you flip open to take a drink ALSO POPS OFF every time you use it !! DON `` T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY - get the kind that has the spout that flips up .
 I thought I was getting the old affinity 56 wedge but when it arrived I could see from the finish that it was n't the right one . It did n't feel or perform like the other 2 wedges I own , the 60 and 52 . it was a waste of money for me .
 Skagen Men 's Team CSC Titanium Chronograph Watch # 721XLTRBThis watch looked great but came with problems . One reason I got this watch was that it was Swiss . Well , I received the watch and when I looked at the dial to where it was suppose to say `` Swiss Made '' , it was missing a letter `` s '' so it said `` Swis Made '' on the front dial of the watch . I returned it and Amazon sent a prompt replacement but that was defective in a different way . The replacement watch had its band fitted wrong so that one of the chronograph knobs was loose and had a gap around it so that stuff could accumulate under the wrap around band . In short the watch looks great on the cover but when you look at the details you find you should stay away . Amazon was great dealing with the situation . I am right now waiting for my two returns from this order to process .
 Purchased the HR8000 based on the positive reviews . Unit is solid , easy to connect to my hitch . However , loading any 3 bikes on it requires expert Tetris skills . I gave up after spending more than 2 hours at it . Even if I could have gotten the pedals and handlebars and such to play nice , the spacing of the forks is too wide for a girls ' mountain bike . Spoke with Hollywood 's customer service , they suggested purchasing a special adapter . The adapter was expensive relative to the cost of the carrier itself , and from the description I was concerned whether this would securely hold a bike on a bumpy road -LRB- such as any SF Bay Area Hwy -RRB- . Fortunately , Amazon accepted the return at no charge .
 bought this rack because i was told it was the best made got it assembeled per directions placed bikes on it first time straps broke on 2 of the 4 bikes on the rack and trashed my wifes new bike and tore the seat on my sons have not been able to talk to anyone with customer service was hung up on once !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This rack is sturdy and well built , but has a major flaw . The support arms are too wide to accomodate most modern bikes . Even with the top tube adapter -LRB- which I also purchased -RRB- there is still not enough clearance to fit smaller frame bikes on the rack . I 'm not talking about children 's bikes , but smaller frame adult bikes . The rubber cradles help cushion and secure the bike , but they are also bulky and it is difficult to fit the bikes over them . If you have large frame bikes with straight top tubes the rack works fine , but with the modern road bikes and mountain bikes with sloping top tubes the fit is difficult , even with the adapter . If the support arms were about 3 to 4 inches closer together the rack would be perfect , but the way it is now it 's almost useless for many bikes .
 The material is too thin , and they were too short and very snug in the crotch . More like tiny swim trunks than proper shorts . Not recommended .
 My husband purchased this at a GREAT price on a Lighting Deal for the family as a Summer Game room addition - -LRB- to help keep our 13 year old at home with his friends for the summer -RRB- ... and I am NOT all that happy!It took almost a month to get to us and when it did - we were so ecstatic to add this to our game room ! ... However ... after breaking 2 backs to put it together - it did NOT live up to what we were expecting!Despite the HIGH price it is NOT as fun as the `` old fashioned '' kind that our local Walmart has in their game room!The duel blowers do NOT seem to blow enough and the puck is cheap and if it gets the slightest ding in it must be sanded down with sandpaper to reuse -LRB- or it wo n't slide at all ! -RRB- * Will try pledge like the other poster - but do n't feel I should have to!The paddles are CHEAP and we went though 3 just to have `` 1 '' hold on to the felt for my husband to play ! -LRB- BTW - NO extra felt was included ! -RRB- All in all - if it was n't so much trouble to put together this thing would GO BACK ! Such a waste of good money ! : -LRB-
 For the price this table is listed at I expected a bar quality experience . While the size and weight of the product matches up to its beer soaked brothers , the game play does not.The number one problem with this table is that the pucks are extremely small , slim , and light weight - and yet they STILL drag across the surface . They feel like pucks that would come with a cheap all-in-one hockey/foosball table . Even with twin blowers the puck quickly looses momentum . Playing the advertised `` solo '' game is very difficult when the puck rarely returns to you.The computer which controls the scoring system came with a dead sound chip on mine . A call to the company revealed they would be willing to replace the box if i still could n't get it to work after following some trouble shooting documents . Either there is sound , or there is n't sound - there really is n't anything to trouble shoot.The laminate on the table is slightly bumped at every blow hole , creating further drag on the puck . The company claims this is abnormal , and that the table amazon sent me must have been stored in a humid place.I was wary about the fact this table does not have actual goal slots . Every person I have shown the table to has the same response - they like the sound the puck makes when it scores . Although it is very interesting having moving goal slots , and I do like the ability to change the goal size on the fly . Having the goal change size AND jump around creates a very random game.Pros : Solid built tableHeavy -LRB- wo n't shift as players lean into it -RRB- Novel goal systemCons : Sub par blowersToy size pucksI can not recommend this table . I got mine at an astounding discount during a lightning deal , and I still question whether or not the table is worth what I paid for it . I expected a professional game room quality table , and instead I got a very very expensive toy.With better quality fans the game would be much much more enjoyable.Update
 I too purchased this table at a much reduced price during a lightning deal . The table has many problems and repeated attempts to contact the manufacturer have failed , they will not return a phone call.The goal system on this table does not work ; it randomly registers goals even when no one is playing.The puck comes in contact with the playing surface and stops in several locations on the table . It seems there are many blocked holes in the perforated playing surface . There is a inch air gap under the playing surface and the surface is supported by wooden slats with channels cut in them , presumably to permit air flow to the holes . Because of sloppy workmanship , the slats are misaligned and cutting off air to the holes in the playing surface , not just one or two holes but rows of holes have no air flow.This table is solid but , because of sloppy workmanship and a complete lack of customer service , it 's beyond repair and going back .
 The ball came lobsided in the mail and when i pumped it up it remained lobsided . I guess I should have not ordered a soccer ball through the mail but I did n't think it would be permanenty damaged by the shipping . Both of our faults .
 This was pretty cheap , so not too surprisingly for the price it 's ok but no more than that . It 's certainly firm and does n't let any air out . The air lock on it is quite clever actually and very secure . The two problems it has are that the ridges are noticeable so it 's not that flat . I put a thick blanket on it then it was fine , but I only realized this after one night . The other problem is that if the bottom is on a hard surface it squeaks a lot as soon as you move an inch . I then put my rug underneath it and that was fine . These fixes might not be available in a tent though . I 'd probably spend a bit more next time , I only needed it for a week though and it did the job .
 THIS AIR MATTRESS WAS GOOD BUT IT WAS TOO LOW TO THE GROUND FOR US . THE SELLER DID A GOOD JOB IN SHIPPING AND WE RECEIVED IT PROMPTLY . THE CONDITION WAS EXCELLENT AS DESCRIBED . WE REALLY HAD NO COMPLAINTS
 you need to fill in air every alternate week . . thats not the case with other air beds .
 Guaranteed not to leak ? Yeah , that 's why I fall asleep and a matress full of air and wake up on the ground with this huge plastic sheet that was once a Coleman matress .
 ACCUSPLIT Eagle AE1690 Steps , Distance and Calories Pedometer was difficult to set , hard to clip on -LRB- too tight -RRB- and although I followed directions , the step count and calorie count seems very low compared to a less expensive one I owned earlier . I work out and lose weight , but the ACCUSPLIT count of steps and calories shows a low value in spite of extensive workouts .
 I purchased these socks based on the positive reviews , but my experience with them was very different.WrightSock Anti Blister Double Layer Coolmesh quarter socks are sized , which I usually love because my feet are small and `` one size fits all '' socks are generally too big and bulky for me . However , with these socks , I really dislike the sizing because they are not sized correctly . I wear a ladies size 5.5 -6 shoe , so I purchased these socks in the small size -LRB- advertized to fit ladies sizes 4-7 , so they should have fit me perfectly -RRB- . I washed before wearing , following the instructions . When I put the socks on for the first time they were really snug and seemed low , especially in the back . I should have paid more attention , but I went out for my run as usual . After 6 miles or so , the back of my ankle -LRB- right where a running shoe hits - above the heel , below the achilles tendon -RRB- was rubbed completely raw because these socks hot too low to offer adequate protection . By the time I finished my run my ankles and my toes -LRB- due to the tight fit -RRB- were blistered and bloody . Definitely not anti-blister for me , although they might have worked better in a size or two larger . I will not be wearing the socks again and am upset that I purchased them . For me , every other brand I have tried is better -LRB- and that includes cotton socks ! -RRB- I suggest trying SmartWool PhD running socks , Pearl Izumi Elite Wool Socks , Asics -LRB- especially Kayano -RRB- socks instead - they can be a little more expensive , but at least you do n't risk minor injuries by wearing them .
 I found these socks a little thin and flimsy for good work out socks , had wanted some with a little more stretch and ones that fit more snugly .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 Unfortunately , this product is not what it seems because the frisbees are miniature and so is the target . The pictures on the box have been altered to seem as if traditional size frisbees are being used . Please be prepared that this golf game is good for 5 year olds , not teens .
 The metal clips on this product are too thin and they slip through each other . This causes the belts to fall off very easily . The other disappointment is that there was no Browns logo on the flag as the picture shows . I would not recommend this product .
 This radio headset provided me with barely two months of listening pleasure and hearing protection . For the past week , the earmuff has limited my aforementioned pleasure to mere hearing protection . The radio no longer functions . The -LRB- radio -RRB- malfunction may be limited to this one particular unit , but at $ 120.00 plus it 's a bit of an expensive lemon . A fresh set of batteries did nothing to improve the situation . Needless to say that I 'm very disappointed with this unit , which replaced a much cheaper Peltor headset , which functioned perfectly for several years . Will contact Peltor to have the headset examined and , with any luck , repaired .
 I have a severe problem with both AM and FM stations fading out . The dial also drifts . The set is comfortable and does an excellent job of blocking out unwanted noises .
 If you are looking for am AM/FM headset to take to the race track or to use with your scanner DO NOT BUY THIS HEADSET ! -LRB- Besides having to buy a special 30 dollar connecting cord -RRB- This product will not work with a power spliter.The `` drift '' on the Feq . dial is horrible . -LRB- if you can even find the station -RRB- ! & the dial has NO numbers so the AM/FM STATIONS ARE TO FIND . For 100 dollars you get 50 dollar quality .
 I bought these for landscaping and they broke very shortly after buying them . not satisfied at all . other than that it was a good product before the rubber ear pieces just fell off of both sides .
 I enjoyed these for the first two months . But noticed that the FM reception was as bad or worse than my much cheaper previous Peltor am/fm headphones . The AM reception was non existent but since I did n't listen to AM I did n't care . I probably should have as it was an indication of where FM was going . I 'd rate this item higher for the excellent ability to hear outside sounds while around noise but the radio was very important to me.FM reception had been getting worse and after a wasp stung me on my head , my end of the dial station disappeared as maybe when I took them off quickly -LRB- not dropping it -RRB- the FM receptor and dial seemed to get worse . As someone said here , the station 's wandered on the dial from out of the box . After the above wasp sting , I could n't find my favorite NPR station and instead only now I get the worst stations
 This set of radio headphones are total junk . Avoid and do not purchase this product they 're not worth $ 40.00 much less $ 128.00 . There is no radio dial or reference for frequency and they are cheap and poorly made with poor reception to boot.Total crap DO NOT EVEN THINK OF WASTING YOUR MONEY ON THIS JUNK .
 Headphone is great for hearing protection , but the radio reception and tuning is terrible . I 'm very disappointed with this product . I intended to use it while cutting grass but it is difficult with the radio stations reception constantly fading in and out . Not worth the price , that 's for sure .
 Ordered after my contractor swears by them . Had the headsets for 4 months and the radio has stopped working , of course just after it becomes non-returnable . They were great for as long as they worked , just not very reliable . Also , the radio dial does not show what channel you are on , so its just turn and guess .
 BEWARE OF MODEL NUMBER , Ordered 2 of the headsets they work as advertised , EXCEPT I was sent the following model # M2RX7A-77 which is the EUROPEAN version , the FL6N cable DOES NOT WORK with this model number , I contacted Peltor America and they said the FL6N cable will not work with the EUROPEAN model `` M2RX7A-77 '' I am returing the product becuase of this . Purchased from Altatac through Amazon , spoke to Altatec on the phone and they had no idea what I was talking about , just said that is what they recieved from Peltor .
 I expected it to be bigger than the picture posted . In fact , I 'm pretty sure that the photo is bigger than the item .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 Reminded me of the old gloves , only lacking the quality.Poorly made will not recommend too many good choices available .
 Hi The Marshmallow Roadsting Forks make the best mashhmallows , but they are poorly constructed . One of mine broke during cleaning after a couple of uses .
 The prongs are too tight to acutally work the way it is described . If you squeeze the prongs and put them through a marshmellow , it just tears the marshmellow apart.I received an open product as well . When I contacted the seller for a replacement -LRB- b/c it 's a gift -RRB- , I was told to staple the bag closed b/c that is all they were going to do if I sent it back . Not impressed .
 Nowhere in the description of this item did it state that the temperature sensor would not work with all Humminbird fishfinder models listed . Very misleading ! I do not fault the transducer ... I fault the seller , Red 's Gear . But you have my money now , and I guess that 's all that matters . Never again !!!!
 After several hours installing it on my boat , I took it out for a test run . It did not accurately give me a depth reading . I had to return it to manufacturer for replacement . Good customer service at manufacturer .
 please please dont buy this stupid mother ***** piece of **** my friend bought this sword and let his cousin swing it around . the first swing his cousin did was a straight down hacking attack he stopped half way through the swing and the handle broke the rat tail tang bent and the sword fell apart !! do yourself a favor and stay away !!!
 Admittedly I only need this as a halloween prop , but I was quite disappointed when it came in the mail today . The blade was bent quite a bit . Luckily the metal is so mild that I was able to bend it back close to straight with just my hands and my knee . It was also bent where the hand gaurd meets the blade . Again , cheap metal , easy to bend beck . The hand gaurd itself looks really nice but it pivots a few degrees in either direction when you put just a little bit of weight against it . The handle rotates around its axis with about five pounds of force , which does n't really affect the use of the sword for display or for prop , but it 's still annoying . There is also about a square inch of dried glue on the top of the handle . Looks like they tried to stop the handle from spinning by dripping super glue in the cracks between the handle and handgaurd . Not very effective.The display stand was broken when I pulled it out of the box . I do n't care much as I was n't going to use it anyway . Just another downside to the purchase as a whole . I 'm sure that if I wanted to go through the hassle of sending it back they would replace it . Just not something I care enough to do.Lastly , the sheath is n't quite functional . The sword goes in about 85 % of the way and requires a good amount of force to get it all the way in from there . After I forced it all the way in , I found it incredibly difficult to get the sword back out without seriously damaging the cheap material . I have since stabbed the sword in all the way and worked it out dozens of times . It 's getting a bit better but nowhere near the point where the sword can be pulled out with one hand.Bottom line , it 's heavy , it 's big , and it looks really awesome , but the craftsmanship and materials used are absolute garbage . If it was n't just here to hang on my hip for one night and toss on the wall the next , I probably would have sprung for the expensive battle ready version . You get what you pay for with this one .
 For those thinking of buying this sword just let me tell you this is for decoration only not fighting , you can swing it but not hard , thats the fisrt thing i did when i got it and the handle bent , this sword is a good replica but `` ONLY FOR DISPLAY '' .
 I thought this watch looked pretty nice on my computer , but I was so disappointed when it arrived . You get what you pay for ! The leather strap is thin , flimsy and cheap looking . And the second hand does NOT `` sweep '' as is stated in the item description . The watch -LRB- case/dial -RRB- is nice looking , but feels very lightweight and cheap.I will be getting another watch for everyday wear - and spending more for better quality .
 although the item is cool , the condition that i received it in was horrible . the paint that was used on the sword to make it black was applied too much at a time and left drip marks all over the blade . on top of that , it was not prepped properly before being painted and the paint was beginning to chip off . i had to spend more money to buy the materials to repaint the sword and make it how it was supposed to be . for the amount of money paid for this , i was not happy with it .
 I was really looking foward to getting a cool bleach replica . boy was I dissapointed . When the box arrived I noticed it was NOT solid . I oppened it to find another box inside that was in poor shape . I opened that box to fin my sword . The blade was all dinged up , the handle was snapped off , and to top it off the sheath was completely shattered . A total waste of money . I regret even opening the page let alone ordering it.Bottom line , there are better things to buy than this .
 I just received my slicing moon sword and after reading the other reviews my expectations were high . After I opened the box I pull the sword out and the chain was not the style in the picture , it was held on by a key ring . The chain links are also a different style , and there is an object that looks like a lions head on the end of the chain also held on by a key ring . The handles wrapping was very poorly done . The blades quality was also lacking . I am very disappointed in the overall quality of the sword .
 On the title is should say replica . I do n't know if it 's just the one I bought but the blade on this sword is extremely wobbly . One could say , &#34; Well that 's to be expected especially considering it 's 68 &#34; in total length . &#34; That may seem to be a reasonable explanation , but I then compare it to the Zangetsu Shikai replica sword -LRB- Ichigo 's second zanpakuto which he formed from his own spiritual energy -RRB- which is 52 &#34; in total length , 9 oz in total weight , and 5mm in thickness . Despite these reasons , that sword looks immaculate in comparison to this one and they were both the same exact price.Although the length is a bit longer than the one in the anime , I will say that this sword 's aesthetics are up to par and quite accurate . The sheath that many people complained about I found actually holds well with the sword . The Swords Tsuba which looks like a Swastika but is really called a Manji , is made of an aluminum or steel metal . The handle I have no complaints about for it definitely has the best construction on the sword . The chain at the the end of the handle is of decent quality and should be cared after to preventing snapping.All in all , if you 're looking for a sword that can do damage and that will last after multiple chops and swings , this is not the sword for you . if you 're looking for a beautiful replica and a nonfunctional sword at a decent price , you have come to the right place .
 The sword is very wobbly and when it arrived the end chain piece fell off . The blade was thinner than the real sword in bleach .
 I feel ripped with this so call sword . its more like a big , bad made knife rather than a katana , it has a decent weight but the plastic and cheap wood on the hilt really , really kill the feeling and also , the blade is not even , like it was hammered harder in some places and lighter in others .
 do n't waste your money on this one ... not reliable . not able to unlock it which is not ideal when you are away from home after biking few hours ...
 After a lot of consideration , I gave this U-Lock a 2-star rating.Since I got the lock , I 've had some problems unlocking/locking it with the keys provided . The lock starts to `` stick '' . It 's as if something is n't aligned properly . This went on , and got slowly more severe , until I could n't turn the key at all . I ended up having to call the police to come take a saw to it so that I could get my bike off of the rack . Here is a picture of the lock afterwards
 I do n't feel like I get a good workout , or sweat enough i do n't feel like im using my mucsles at all . . i really thought it would have been better than it was . now i have to try to sell it .
 I feel like this product is just too drastically inferior to an elliptical machine to be worth the purchase , even though it 's cheaper.Even when you follow the directions , you 're really only working out maybe 3 or 4 muscles . I can run at a pretty good pace for an hour on an elliptical or treadmill , with this thing I can only last 10 minutes or so , as it 's just killing my lower leg muscles . That prevents any sort of aerobic exercise.It also advertises that it folds up and rolls , which it does , but it 's too large to fit under most beds even then , and too bulky and unstable to just lean against a wall.Don ' t waste your money on this . It 's really a piece of junk .
 The Pro has power piston which broke at the anchor point near the handle . This is a very poor design and I noticed that he changed the position of the power piston on this newer models .
 I thought the price was great until I received the machine.It was missing 4 screws and the magnet cluster that operates the computer -LRB- which probably wo n't work anyway -RRB- . It had several damaged places with the paint peeling off.Amazon told me to contact the manufacturer for the parts that are missing ... I 'm still waiting for a reply.Fitness Quest does n't have phone number for customer service so talking to someone is not an option.I feel Amazon should provide the service on products they sell . If it was n't so costly I 'd sent this piece of junk back.This will be my last big purchase from Amazon ... next time I 'll go to a local store that will provide me with service .
 The U-lock may be good , but do n't be fooled , the cable is useless . The thief cut through it like a hot knife on butter . Be weary of the warranty too . It does not cover a cut cable , or much of anything else . Unfortunately , you do not know of the details of the warranty until AFTER you purchase the lock -LRB- details inside , or on the website -RRB- . Try a more burly chain lock or another brand .
 11/28/08 - Buyer Beware
 I used this lock to lock-up my scooter for quite sometime -LRB- ~ 2 yrs -RRB- . At first , it worked really well . However , I then noticed rust building up inside the locking mechanism , which is supposed to be resistant to the elements . Unfortunately , last week I dropped the lock on the ground and the entire locking mechanism shattered . I was in utter shock . Apparently , the silver piece that is supposed to protect the lock , and the black outside sheath are plastic , which makes me question its ability to provide good security.I 'm going to try a different lock combo , which I hope will be a little more durable .
 The lock does what a lock is supposed to do , more or less . My wife uses her bike to commute in New York City , usually locking it to a traffic sign pole outdoors while at work . In the one year plus she has had it , the lock casing is falling apart . Rain and the usual drops and knocks of life have caused the round metal housing that surrounds the key slot to fall apart . The lock mechanism itself is no longer in great shape , and I fear it will stop functioning altogether when she inserts the key , leaving her bike locked somewhere unpleasant . Her previous lock was a Kryptonite U-lock , which she had for years until she lost all the keys . As good as the lock is , it does n't work well without a key . The Kryptonite is more expensive than this , and given her experience , apparently worth it . The extra cable here is a nice extra , but I would prefer a better lock .
 I just bought this lock and used it for the very first time . First the good
 I bought this lock towards the end of the season last year and used it once before the winter . This past weekend I used it a second time and that is when the trouble began . When I came out of the store , I went to unlock my bike and found the key would barely turn . When I removed the key , the lower half was broken off in the lock . $ 140 dollars later I had my bike back , but also a u-lock that was sawed in half . I would not recommend this product to anyone due to the cheapo keys that come with it . The lock itself was sturdy as it took the locksmith 5 minutes to saw through it .
 Spend a few extra bucks and get something that is actually usable.Very chheap handle and steel . Poorly balanced hatchet .
 This gun probably could have been fun if it did n't arrive broken . It was literally wrapped in one layer of saran wrap -LRB- no joke -RRB- in a box that allowed it to bang around in . It was a Christmas present for my cousin and of course , I could not give it to him and had to run out and find something different at the last minute . There was absolutely no packing slip or anything , just a gun with one layer of saran and a broken trigger . Did not bother to try and return it since it was less than $ 20 but it was not handled properly at all ...
 it 's a piece of junk made by the chinese . my nephew hates it ... his fart is louder than this gun .
 My grandson opened it . I looked at it and thought , &#34; Oh s. ... I make a mistake . &#34; It is cheap , looks like a painted stick , was packed poorly in a box that looked as if it was a second packing and there were no caps with it . I wanted to send it back , but my grandson did n't want to hurt my feelings .
 This no way represented a civil war musket . Not in size , not in weight , not in design . It is a toy gun with no resemblance to anything historic . What a disappointment .
 This was my 9 year old 's big Christmas present and it broke the same day he opened it . :-LRB- I feel bad for giving him a cheap present and he feels bad for breaking it . What a bummer .
 Ordered this to use at a Civil War enactment at my son 's school . He was very excited to receive it until the caps arrived a few days later . They just will not fire . The post in the hole where the caps mount is neither centered nor long enough . I tried centering it and we tried firing dozens of times . Never a pop . The caps have the model number it says to use for this rifle and work well in another toy gun . Shoddy or uneven construction . If the caps worked I would have given it 4 or 5 stars .
 My 8 year old loves the musket , but I was disappointed with the quality . What can you expect when it is made in China . I should have realized for the price that it would be low quality . The trigger has already broken , so I certainly ca n't recommend it .
 My son was so excited when we ordered this musket for him . I was extremely disappointed when it came . It was packaged in an oversized box , with just a few pieces of packing paper that was n't enough to make padding . Since I was ordering something brand new , I figured it would be packaged , which it was n't . Also , there were scratches . The biggest deal is that there 's no way to load a roll of caps . The title states * Bulk Roll Caps * . That 's very misleading . His other cap guns have a compartment for the roll to go in , and feeds through as he shoots . This one he has to put a short strip in and manually feed it through . What fun is that ??
 Might be fine as toy for kids . I bought 4 to use as props in a stage production . I thought I read the gun was 53 '' long which it was n't . Needed to add a larger gun stock to make it look more accurate . Hammer and side plate looked realistic but I would have been better off cutting out of wood , adding conduit for barrel , 3/8 '' dowel for ram rod and painting them . That is if you do it yourself or have a volunteer and do n't need to pay someone .
 I bought this for my son along with a couple thousand roll caps . When I gave it to him him for valentines day we discovered that it does n't use roll caps as the descripton implies but rather the single plastic cap type caps . So here he is with a gun and a bunch of caps that he ca n't use with it . The gun itself is ok , -LRB- nothing special and certainly not what I would describe as high quality as some other reviewers have said -RRB- , but the fact that it was n't as described makes me wonder if they have replaced the gun in the description with one that is more cheaply made .
 I 'm now kicking myself for not just getting a nicer carbon fiber tank , especially after reading the bad reviews for this one . I purchased this tank , went to a scuba shop and had it filled , attached it to my marker -LRB- not even tightly I might add -RRB- , then I finished testing I decided to remove it ... which is when I realized that the tank valve was actually coming off instead of being unscrewed from the gun!To make matters worse -LRB- as another reviewer pointed out -RRB- , it 's as if the company totally knows about the defect . Quote
 The tank was great once we got the leaking regulator fixed . Aparently when it was assembled , the threads were stripped .
 Get my tank from UPS and am excited to finally get my gun working . I read through the manual which gives instructions for set up as well as some warnings about not unscrewing the head from the bottle - as when under pressure it could cause the cap to shoot off and possibly kill someone . The manual cites cases where users tried to unscrew the cap and that it can cause great injury . This warning label is on the tank itself as well.I put the tank on my table only to have it wobble down and almost fall to my hard tile floor . The bottom is not flat like other tanks and if you try to set this down it is designed to fall or roll . Not exactly what you want with a pressurized tank.I screw the tank into my paintball gun , fire off a few rounds and then try to remove it -LRB- and yes , it is heavy as well as bulky -RRB- . As I unscrew the tank from the gun I see it 's not coming off . I realize that with every turn the cap is turning off . I immediately stop . This is the VERY first time I 'm using the tank and the cap is put on so loosely as to come off on it 's own ? I realize that it was n't users trying to unscrew the cap , it 's that the cap is designed to come loose on it 's own . There are two allen screws that are there to tighten the cap , but no matter how tight you set them they do n't lock the cap in place tightly enough to not come loose when removing the tank from the paintball gun.The only way I 've been able to safely remove the tank from the gun is by holding the cap in place with a wrench while twisting the gun until it comes off.Being that a loose cap is a seriously dangerous situation , why in the world do they design it where -LRB- at least in my case -RRB- it comes loose on the very first attempt at removing it from my gun?My only guess is that these units were rejected from some other use due to this defect , and these guys slapped a warning label on it in an attempt at minimizing their liability.The defect in the cap design is a potentially deadly danger . Not something worth risking for a game of paintball .
 it sucked didnt get it on time and they sent the wrong size ... f *** them
 The first tank of air popped the 1800 lb . burst disc . Factory sent out a rebuild kit for neck and told me how to install it . I replaced the parts , filled tank second time and popped the 1800 lb . burst disc . Took the tank to our local Insane Paintball store and the tech opened it up replaced the 1800 lb . burst disc and greased the spacers in the neck , put it back together and it has worked fine every since . Its a shame they could n't have put it together right at the factory !! Now I 'm out the cost of repairs !!
 I purchased these for my 6 year old to use in hip-hop class . They are too big for him and fall down constantly . I would n't recommend them for small children .
 this item was terrible . it is false advertisement . the picture of the product on the page is much different then what you will actually get .
 tank is great but shipping sucked and i did n't get the tank i ordered . my tank was supposed to be carbon fiber wrapped and it was n't . overall performance
 The picture shows a carbon fiber tank . The product description says it 's aluminum . The product itself is aluminum , not carbon fiber , and does n't look anything like the picture . Carbon fiber tanks are MUCH more expensive , and this kind of advertising is sneaky and dirty . Bad form , seller . Bad form .
 ... wrong i have a pure energy 3000 psi carbon fiber wrapped tank like the one in the picture retard and there all over the place
 Item received was not the item advertised . A lesser grade Pure Energy Tank was received -LRB- I read the part numbers off of the picture provided in the advertised description , of which was not the same as the item received -RRB- and the regulator on the item was not the Pure Energy regulator assembly that is on the picture description provided in the advertisement . If you order from Dorosports , be prepared to not get what you ordered !
 I had ordered the $ 139 68ci 4500psi carbon tank , But what I received was a 48ci 3000psi aluminum tank which should be priced at around 45-49 bux ... so therefore I am unhappy with my purchase , and am trying to get remembered through amazon the difference between what I paid for and what i received . which sucks because I really needed the carbon tank but will settle for the aluminum just to get this over with . So hopefully I will receive my difference in price .
 i bought this tank about 1 and 1/2 months ago and finally got a chance to play and was disappointed , but before that i received it and it was pure black and 70 ci instead of 68 . when i took it to the field and filled it it didnt make it outside and to the field before it was out of air nd it was in my harness the whole time unattached to the remote line or the marker . luckily i had my spare tnk on me and used it all day , i will now have to fork out some cash to fix a brand new tank that never worked but -LSB- ... -RSB- is too much to just pitch . SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I got this lock because of the price and recommendation in online forums -LSB- ... -RSB- . On first impression , it was a bit heavier than my old kryptonite -LRB- circa 1997 -RRB- , though presumably more secure . The mounting hardware is certainly more robust -LRB- my kryptonite occasionally ` jumped ' out on bumpy roads -RRB- . It has now been three months using the lock in Wash. . DC , and yesterday , I could have said I was perfectly happy with it . However , today , it would n't unlock . The key turned and everything , but the mechanism would not release the lock ! After awkwardly struggling with the locked bike in front of Starbuck 's outdoor seating for around 15min . I gave up.Later I came upon some advice at Onguard 's website :[ ... -RSB- Basically , one needs to ` tap ' the lock while turning the key to jar the mechanism to release . After 10 minutes of tapping with a hammer , I started ` hitting ' , and eventually that did the trick . In some experimentation , it appears that turning the key very quickly is also effective.I plan to keep the lock for now , but if this happens again , it is going back to the manufacturer .
 a week after buying this lock my bike got stolen ... again. : / now i 'm not even going to bother being cheap about the lock and buying a kryptonite
 I 've had two of these locks . The first one lasted about two years.Then i dropped it a few times on the pavement after crashing . The insides started to slide out of the cylinder , and it became difficult to unlock . When I managed to slide the insides completely out , I noticed that the reason it was difficult to unlock was because most of the actual locking part on the inside of the lock is made of brittle plastic.I returned it to the store , who exchanged it , and offered me store credit if it happened with the new lock . Six months later , the same thing happened except I had to cut the lock with a grinder . No amount of hammering or key jiggling would get it open . The store apologized me and refunded me completely . Both locks were sent back to the manufacturer as I recall.If you are careful with your lock , this will probably be OK for you . I usually keep my lock in a loop on my jeans , and drop it occasionally because I 'm clumsy . I also lock and unlock it quite a bit more -LRB- messenger -RRB- , so maybe it 's just not made to be used so much . I upgraded to a $ 70 Kryptonite mini lock , which feels to be more robust than the Bulldog .
 I have checked out the instructions and tried all of the various suggest methods of places to mount the bracket and carry the lock . I have no place on my bicycle where there is any part that has enough spaced to mount the bracket and carry the lock . I finally just tossed the bracket and now carry the lock in my bicycle basket . Otherwise this lock would have been useless to me and would have gone back to the store . For reference , my bicycle is a GT Aerostream , womens , small .
 I was n't able to open the lock until I found this page of reviews and found out that I had to bang on the lock with my fist with the key turned . Every time I want to open it I have to do this , so I will probably return the lock for a refund .
 I bought this in conjunction with a bigger chain lock as security for a moped , came to a total of about 115 dollars . BOTH stopped unlocking , and I ended up having to get a friend with a metal cutter to get my bike off of my front porch . I would not recommend these locks to anyone unless you want your bike stuck !
 Not a good product . Three problems :1 . The photo in the Amazon description is not accurate . The lock has bright yellow rubber endcaps on the straight , locking portion . Not OnGuard 's fault .2 . The mounting clamp/piece on the curved U-bar portion does not stay in place . It rotates . It can not be tightened more than provided and therefore when the lock is in the holder the lock rotates . This is annoying when you are riding over bumps and the lock swings out of position .3 . The lock mechanism does not work smoothly . The curved U-bar bar portion is difficult to separate from the straight locking portion . Often the key must be turned back and forth several times to release the curved bar portion . I should have read the other reviews , here is text for anyone else not reading like me
 Maybe Amazon just shipped the wrong lock but I was expecting Black with SILVER -LRB- like what 's in the product description image -RRB- and got a YELLOW one that looks nothing like what 's in the picture -LRB- the one I received has Yellow ends on the lock part and the lock does not look as thick as the one in the description -RRB- I guess it 's not that big of a deal but my bike is black and silver and I thought it would look cool to have the lock match.I do n't think it 's too much to ask to expect to receive what 's shown in the product listing.Anyway , if you do n't want yellow do n't order this cause I 'm pretty sure Amazon has no distinction amongst the various models . The one I got is the same general model # but it 's not what 's in the picture.The YELLOW Lock I was sent is model # 5010LM BULLDOG STD LM in case you care about the color or exact model in the product description and want to verify with Amazon on which version they plan to send you .
 I received this lock with a frame bracket that is recognized by OnGuard as defective . It essentially did not hold for longer than a week since a crucial connection between two mounting elements is only held by a self tapping screw into the plastic base . OnGuard kindly is sending me a replacement part after I described the issue to their service dept. via email and they told me that `` OnGuard Lock realized the problem shortly after the first batch of locks of this new design shipped out . `` Nevertheless I am suspecting the seller to sell these faulty `` first batch '' locks knowingly AND I am asking that there should be no more locks with this bracket sold any longer . I invite the seller to respond to this comment .
 I had this thing for about three months before it abruptly broke on me . It was working fine , and now the key wo n't turn in the lock . I pretty much babied this lock as it rode inside my backpack with me rather than on the frame , so this is pretty unsatisfactory quality .
 I regret I purchased this . Tested it out by going into a park and sawing branches from the trees . Tried a green branch 1/2 inch thick , it cuts it but with jamming 1/3 in the way , it 's very hard to remove it from the half ' cut branch and restart again because it 's a wire saw . Then I tried to cut a dry branch 1 inch thickness from a dead tree thinking it would go easier than the green branch , the wire got stuck again 1/3 of the way in the branch . I had a hard time removing the wire from the branch to restart again . In the end I could n't cut it thru it took a lot of effort to restart , get the wire out and restart again becuase of jamming , once it jams in the branch you will have a hard time pulling the wire out . The fingers really hurt during sawing as the rings at the ends of wire barely allow for 2 fingers -LRB- I have small hands -RRB- . Save yourself the trouble , DO NOT buy it as I do not recommend it ! Better buy a folding saw like `` Bahco '' which I did before this wire saw and Bahco cut a 4 inch diameter tree ! in less than 1 minute with ease ! The commando wire is absolutely useless !!!
 I think that it was made crappy and that the screw already broke before I started to use it ! I think that it was n't worth the amount that it was priced for !
 The lock worked fine for about three months , but one day as I attempted to lock up my bike before a class I found the key would n't turn . I reinserted the key several times , but it would n't turn , not halfway , not even a quarter of the way . I had an extra cable lock with me , and figured I could fix the lock when I got home . I tried oiling it , and reinserting each of my five keys several different ways , but the lock would n't budge . I contacted the company , and was told that I could get a replacement lock by sending in my key tag along with the five keys that accompanied the lock . I sent these in , along with a printed copy of the email I got from the company representative , about three weeks ago . I still have n't heard anything . I 'm shopping around for a new lock now , as I 'm tired of only relying on my cable locks . I think I will buy a Kryptonite u-lock ...
 It 's a nice lock . I bought it to replace my Krypto , after the viral video of how to hack the Kryptos . It worked good for about 2 years and has been a solid U lock -- but now the key will only turn half way - jams in the middle . I have oiled it and cleaned it - cant fix it .
 First the good news
 This foam roller was so soft that it was squished within a week or two of using it . The one my PT gave me lasted for years . I just bought a replacement black high density foam roller that is very hard , think will last me a while . Do n't waste you money on this one , I do n't know what they are selling this for , it does n't work for exercise .
 This is a very low density foam roller which can not stand the weight of a light weight individual -LRB- 160pounds -RRB- . Even just putting my calfs on it is enough to become depressed and feeling very saggy . For the IT band is totally useless as just putting the leg 's weight on it makes it deform completely . It 's a roller made of foam , but not to be used as one would expect a `` foam roller '' to .
 This item is not worth the money . It looks like left over packaging and not like the professionally crafted foam rollers I 've seen at the gym . The foam looks freeze dried , it was cut on an angle on one end and it 's warped so it wo n't stand straight and falls over easily . Very disappointed .
 Was very disappointed when I received this roller . It collapses as you try to roll and make adjustment to your back , making it difficult to roll on .
 I used one of these rollers with my Physical Therapist for weeks and it always worked and retained its shape . When I went to buy one to use at home , I saw that they were 40 dollars or more . So , I bought this one off of Amazon for 10 dollars . A mistake . After 2 uses ... TWO it was completely warped and lost its shape and really does not work . After I tied to use it the other day -LRB- my 3rd time -RRB- I determined that I have no choice but to throw it out and go buy a real foam roller from a sporting goods store . It is a shame ; I had such high hopes . I guess I now know why it was so cheap .
 When I -LRB- Aben 's wife -RRB- first got this foam roller I was excited that it was a little softer than the one I borrowed from my trainer . I could barely stand to roll my IT Bands at all on hers , so I liked that my body could handle this one better . The problem is that the foam in this roller compresses very easily . In only a handful of uses , I saw it compressing where I 'd rolled on it . My husband has used it a couple of times also and it just keeps compressing . -LRB- I was going to return it but did n't get on it fast enough as my time ran out on the return yesterday . -RRB- So , 31 days in with maybe 14 uses total and the center of the roller is compressed to about 2/3 's of the original diameter . It does not go back to normal , once the compression takes place , it 's just that way . I would not recommend this foam roller . Spend the extra and get a better one . The length of it feels unnecessarily long to me also . I find myself desiring to cut it in half . Just sayin ' .
 While this product is very low-priced , one should consider the old adage , `` You get what you pay for ! '' . At first , it worked like a high quality foam roller . However , after about two weeks of usage on my upper and lower back , it lost its shape to the point where the circumference at the center of the roller was about 1/2 of the circumference at the ends . In other words , it looked like it had been stretched to point where the middle thinned . Do n't buy unless you only intend to use it for a very short time .
 Bought this because of price and to see if it would help my back . I only weight 170 , used it about 5 times and it 's already sagging in the middle . You get what you pay for . Now that I know what results I can get from theses rollers , I 'll buy the $ 30 one .
 was looking for a good foam roller ... i got this one and it felt like a sponge . Nowhere on here does it say its a soft roller . very disappointed .
 Total dissapointment with the foam roller . The material is terrible and the worst quality ever emagined , it even arrived unwrapped .
 Only lasted about a month.It gets to soft to quickly.Buy a high density foam roller.You get what you pay for
 It is not in a good shape all around . The item is not good as shown in the picture .36 '' Full Round Foam Rollers Size
 This is not as good of quality as you will find when you work with your PT . If I ever order another one , I would pay extra to get a better quailty . After using it a few times it also became uneven in diameter .
 Round foam roller is now an oval foam roller after only a few uses . Does n't really hold its shape for long which makes it hard to roll on without holding it with one of your hands ... you get what you pay for .
 It does it 's job I guess ... but it is cheap . I will probably buy another well made , better quality one that will stay round and be more useful that way . I bought it to use with my P90X2 program and after one week of using it , it 's deformed .
 Very low density . Already bent out of shape . Next time I hope to find out the density before I order . I should have remembered that you buy cheap , you get a cheap product .
 This was a waste of money . I wish I could send it back . It 's hard as a rock and just exacerbates my back problem . Do n't waste your money unless your back is made of steel .
 Shipping for this project is just horrible . I know that shipping is often bad these days for 3rd party vendors on Amazon , but I should n't have to wait 3 weeks for such a common product .
 The roller has the proper dimensions , but deforms under your weight . Unfortunately , it 's not appropriate for back exercises . I bet it would make an excellent pool floatie , though .
 This product was softer than what I was expecting . i hardly use b/c I needed something firmer to roll out my muscles .
 Very bad quality , sharp edges , not straight , I am returning it back . As a Pilates instructor , that the worst roller I 've seen so far
 Great price does not equal great quality . Not what I was expecting at all . Has too much give to it . Not firm enough so it does n't target muscles or knots well . So practically useless in essence .
 This feels like it was a foam packing tube re-purposed and sold as something it is not suited for . The quality and finish are ridiculous . The foam is far too soft to be a roller for a human . It also warps almost immediately . Do n't waste your money get something from a sports store .
 I was expecting a black roller as advertised but received a white roller instead , which is less firm and loses it 's shape very quickly . I have to apply more pressure when using this roller to get the same deep message effect but it does get the job done . This roller is a lot cheaper than the other rollers advertised and it is a prime example of `` you get what you pay for '' . If you want better quality , more firmness and durability , I would suggest springing for a more expensive brand . If were to do it all over again , I definitely would pay the extra money .
 I have been longing for a foam roller due to a bad back since my recent move . I used to work at a Physical Therapy office and would use one on a daily basis . I saw them around but figured I could get a more affordable one online . I found this one which was delivered from the east coast in a trashbag which allowed it to look like the leaning tower of piza upon arrival . After that i used it once and noticed that it was in even worse shape than arrival but figured the foam would puff back up and look as normal as it could . This was not the case ... over time it got worse and worse.I will never buy from this seller again ! I would love to get my money back . This is the first bad experience I 've had with Amazon.com .
 I hurt my IT band and I was counting on a foam roller to help me out . For the most part this did the job , but it began to sag in the middle where I rolled on it.After a month , it is more of an ellipse shape than a circle . So rolling is no longer effective .
 my couch is firmer than this roller . on the picture it looks like the one i used to have , but it 's not . this roller is not for pilates or rolling the muscles . they should put this in the product description that it 's an extra soft one . if you are looking for a pilates roll then don ; t buy this one .
 This is a terrible foam roller , if you can even call it that . It came in a trash bag and has the consistency of a water noodle you use in the swimming pool . It was bent when it arrived so that makes it hard to `` roll . '' I used it probably 10 times and it already has an indention in the middle . And I weigh 125 so its not bc I 'm fat . And now that I 've wasted my money , I get to go buy a better product .
 Unfortunately the foam in this did not hold up . After several uses the center area collapsed to about four inches and has not expanded back to the correct shape . I do n't think the foam is stable enough . Also when trying to roll it tends to flatten to an egg shape that skids on hardwood floors . I do n't recommend this one .
 I bought this foam roller for my father for some light use and , suffice to say , it is terrible . While the size is as promised , the roller itself is not uniform as there are &#34; dents &#34; and indentations on the roller -LRB- this is with no use , by the way -RRB- . This makes it virtually impossible to get a good rolling experience . Additionally , the foam itself compresses way too much when you do try to use it . I would not recommend and would not buy again even if you looking to use it occasionally . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 this really is to soft and i would stick to paying a bit more for some quality - feels and works cheap
 Apparently not all foam rollers are created equal . If you want one for therapy or workout purposes , the one from JCA Sales is n't the one . Theirs has a very rough and fissured surface and at the same time appears to have inconsistent density and is kind of spongy in places . The ends are cut off rough and are unpleasant to handle . It works neither as a firm bolster nor as a softer support . With its poor surface , it is uncomfortable to use . This one is not at all like ones sold elsewhere -LRB- OPTP for example -RRB- . It might be good cut up for packing materials ; that 's about it .
 If you are buying this to roll out after working out , you will be very disappointed . The open cell foam breaks down quickly . Within 2 weeks you will have a lumpy pile of `` foam '' .
 Collapses and bows under your own weight -LRB- I am 160 lbs -RRB- and can not support anyone above 10 years old . Get a HIGH DENSITY roller , it 'll cost a bit more but you wo n't have to buy another
 Its not hollow in the picture , its not hollow in the description , but the middle ~ 2 inches of my foam roller is hollow.It deforms under my weight .
 When received , this foam roller had a 1 1/2 '' diameter hole all the way through the center of the roller . This means that the roller will collapse under any weight and not be sufficient for working the IT Band and the surrounding muscles . The roller must be solid to work/massage the interior muscles near the IT band . Do n't waste your money .
 The item pictured is the black foam roller which is the harder and firmer foam roller.Instead , I received a white foam roller . The white foam roller is softer and quickly loses it shape.If you scroll down the page , THEN you see the description that it is a white foam roller.MISLEADING!I am returning this ... : - /
 While this product looks like the high-grade white foam rollers , it 's poor quality . The foam is quite soft and becomes permanently indented in very little time . Once this happens , it does n't roll very well . would not recommend this product .
 I thought I was ordering a black roller , which is the firmest . I actually received a white roller which is completely different and is generally less expensive . The photo is deceptive so beware .
 I had read the review by the customer who said that this roller became compressed with use , but I dismissed it , thinking he must weigh 300 lbs . Well , I weigh 110 pounds , and this roller became compressed into an oval shape soon after I bought it . Needless to say , it no longer rolled . I tossed it in the trash and bought a dense black roller at my local runner 's shop . What a waste !
 I did not want to spend too much on these products so I got this to start . It did help ease minor tightness but the effect was temporary -LRB- or perhaps I do n't use it enough -RRB- . It gets deformed after regular use so perhaps firmer ones are better for more serious users .
 Used 1st time ... Leaked . Very disappointed . Went to use during an adventure race and darn thing leaked . Very very disappointed .
 I will preface this by saying I did n't get this product from Amazon - I got it from a bike shop . And I actually had two . The first one kept sticking when I tried to turn the lock , and when I took it to the store in exasperation for a second time , the store exchanged it with another lock . After a few weeks , it would n't stay on the mount anymore . I began riding with it on my handlebar . Suddenly and quickly , it began to fall apart . The bottom lock part broke into two without so much as a drop - it just surprised me one day after I unlocked it . One night -LRB- on the week that I was supposed to buy another lock to reinforce -RRB- , I locked my $ 500 bike to a sign , and three hours later , EVERYthing was gone . I swear it was not due to forgetfulness on my part . The lock must have given away too easily to those darn bike thieves.Now I am left mourning , without even the evidence of a lock to send in for the anti-theft offer -LRB- which is one good thing they offer - just remember to send it in 10 days within purchase -RRB- . I do n't know why I had so many more problems than other people on this site , but I wanted to leave my two cents .
 This lock seems just fine when it 's fairly new.But if you use it several times a day , mounted and bumping over city streets , the lock and key stop working . I 've had this lock forabout 6-7 months and I spend more and more time trying to get thekey to turn and lock . It just does n't work anymore ! I 'm so disgusted that I 'm looking foranother Krypto lock . The last one I had lasted almost 10 years withoutproblems . If you 're a heavy user of the Onguard ATB 5011 lock , beware !
 I 'd like to preface the majority of my review by saying that the product itself is quiet nice . It has the proportions I need to safely lock my front wheel and frame with ease . It comes with a handful of keys that seem to work fine . The lock is rubberized so it does not blemish the bike . Now for the bad things ! I am fairly certain my particular lock came as a refurb or return . The packaging was smashed up . The product was also very sticky . It looked like the last person who had this in their hands had had taffy for lunch . This alone is unacceptable . What 's worse was the mount came more or less broken . The strap was jammed -LRB- improperly -RRB- into the ratcheting portion so tightly that no amount of force could dislodge it . I ended up stripping one of the hex nuts . The tightening nuts are double sided so I guess I still have hope , but I 've otherwise given up on the mount . Since I ride with a back pack most of the time , I just settled for carrying it . But it would be nice if did n't have to add that extra strain .
 This lock was kept indoors or in my backpack when not in use but , I only got to use mine about 8 times before the key got stuck in the lock & broke . The lock is often hard to turn . Also the key will often be very hard to remove after locking OR unlocking . I was at home spraying it with lock lube & working the lock back & forth when the key gave out.If you ever notice the key is hard to remove & your key tip starting to twist out of shape , JUST-TOSS-THAT-KEY-AWAY & use one of the FOUR remaining keys that are included with the lock . Do n't EVEN try to use it `` just-one-more-time . '' I was just about to swap keys out when mine broke . No wonder they give you so many spare keys!A friend of mine had a more expensive On Guard model with the same key design & it was permanently locked . In that case the key would easily turn & turn but the lock would never open.On the plus side , it seems secure , it 's not expensive & it 's light weight .
 It 's been only two weeks , the lock became stuck and I ca n't unlock it . This is the first time I buy a product from the brand , I 'm really upset . < Update > The warranty department sent me a new one after one call . Thanks to that . I wish that it wo n't stuck easily like the last one .
 After reading many reviews , I decided to give this lock a try . Upon receiving , I was very impressed with it . It was heavy-duty , a perfect size , and seemed mostly impenetrable . I was quickly disappointed however . On my first day with it , I threw it in a backpack -LRB- it comes with a mount , but it seemed too heavy to put on and I didnt want the extra weight on the actual bike -RRB- and made a quick trip to the grocery store.The keys are very flimsy and do not want to cooperate . After some fussing -LRB- and a few choice words -RRB- I finally got it to lock . Leaving the store was when I had had enough . It took me close to 20 MINUTES to get the thing unlocked . I had to use three out of the five keys provided . Luckily I am a very patient person otherwise I think I would have broken a key off inside the lock . Yes , I 'm quite sure this lock would make any theif 's attempt at theft very difficult ... however , it should n't be so difficult for the owner to unlock their own bike . I returned this item the day after this happened through Amazon -LRB- who by the way makes the return process very simple -RRB- and will never purchase another ONGUARD lock . Do not waste your money . This lock is a royal PITA !
 I used this lock for less than a month and the key broke off inside the lock . I did not force the key , but simply turned it and it snapped off . I am not exaggerating ! This lock is a joke !
 I had the same problem as some others in these reviews . I have owned the lock for about a year , but I only used it for the third time tonight . Tonight , the key did n't work . And then it broke off in the lock . I live overseas now so I can not easily take advantage of the warranty .
 I had this lock for two days before I broke the key off in the lock . Now I know why they give you five keys ! I tried to pull it out with tweezers , but could not , called a locksmith who spent half an hour trying to pull out the broken key and then finally gave up and drilled the lock out .
 I bought this so I would not have a heavy lock to carry on my commuter bike.It does not like rain . I had trouble unlocking and had water trapped in it for a few days after . The key was not that sturdy . Maybe it is the brand . My other locks are the other brand , no problem
 I own and tested 5 airsoft rifles , and have spent at least $ 600 dollars on airsoft guns.GUNS TESTED :1 -RRB- Boyi M4 M16 Grenade Electric Rifle LPEG2 -RRB- JLS S-M8 XM8 Spring Airsoft Rifle Tan3 -RRB- BE HK XM8 Electric Airsoft Gun Rifle Gry4 -RRB- M4 M16 Replica Airsoft Gun Double Eagle M83 A2 Full Automatic Electric Rifle5 -RRB- Black Type 96 airsoft rifle Shadow Ops airsoft gunYou need to read my reviews on each to get the truth ! I am not affiliated with any company purchasing , making , or selling these airsoft guns . Just someone looking to have some fun.BE HK XM8 Electric Airsoft Gun GryComes with : One clip , a push button loader , Mounted scope , strap \ sling , some BB 's , battery and charger.This airsoft gun will fire through 1 piece of card board at 10 feet , and @ the same range dent a soda can ... sometimes going through one side of can . Will not fire every round in a clip , and has alot of feed problems . Found this gun to be unreliable due to feed problems . Even used the rounds that came with the gun ... same results ! Not Reliable ! 40 rounds in the clip . Scope has no magnification . Battery charge time 4 hrs . Safety , semi auto , full auto switch can be used both sides of gun.Clip not interchangable with the JLS S-M * XM8 Spring Airsoft Rifle Tan . The electric M8 's body is longer than the spring M8 's . UPDATE : July 17,2009 Had to do some work to the feed tube inside where the clip goes , and now it fires reliably . The battery does n't seem to last very long . So use it in short battles , and be prepared to charge it for the next days battle.Be safe and have fun ...
 You can find the whole thing here :[ ... -RSB- - it really sounds like they would never pay for a stolen bike : Here are the ` dealbrakers ' : - NO PAY if `` Torches , battery operated tools or power tools were used to open the lock '' - so whats left Hulk breaks your lock with his arms ? - you will have to send the broken lock infurthermore : - they will only cover the value of your bike which is not already paid by your home owners insurance - you need an appraisal or original receipt for your bike - time limits
 Trying to purchase a lock for a decent price in this economy and having adequate protection for my road bike , I decided to purchase the Onguard U lock . Shipped quickly and looked well . I even WD-40 'd it to make sure all the mechanisms were working to its full potential . After locking it outside Subway to a street post one day , I go and eat and come back and unlock it . After I unlock it , the key has broken a small piece off inside of the lock . I was more than lucky to have it not break when I was locking it down as my bike would have been there to be stripped down . The keys are cheaper than ever and I would never buy from Onguard 's U locks again . Overall , it has been used less than 20 times before rupture .
 The frame mount for this product is just plain dangerous . It does not hold the lock securely in place and the lock will work free while cycling . This very thing happened to me . Fortunately , the lock only bounced off of my shin , causing pain but not a crash . It seems that retailers -LRB- and presumably BullDOg -RRB- are aware of this and yet let this inherently dangerous condition continue . I do not even bother using the mount any more.As for the lock itself , after 3 months , the locking mechanism is jammed . The key often does not work . I think the tumblers become misaligned . I have tried wiggling it , shaking it , finessing it , striking it , etc. nothing works . Then , a day or so later , it works again . Again , having read reviews -LRB- unfortunately AFTER purchase -RRB- it appears that the company is aware of this defect . BullDog is BullCr@p!
 I bought this U lock on January 8th of this year . It failed 4 days ago , the locking mechanism has seized up and I could barely get it off the U. It 's fully locked up now.This is a piece of junk , do n't buy it .
 The keys break easily , and the lock seized up after about a year of use , but it took me an hour and a half to saw through the lock with a hacksaw when I needed to get it off . I guess that means it 's good ?
 i have the pitbull and used it for about a year and it had a couple of drops but after a few rain showers over a couple of days the locking got more and more stiffer and now the key wont turn at all . terrible.this is a common problem it seems with this lock and im glad it didnt happen when the bike was locked up.also the lock rattled alot when riding as it has no rattle bumpers which was annoying.theres no point buying this when for a bit more u can get a kryptonite which has a much better build quality .
 Ive had this for a few years and about halfway through the life all the plastic at the bottoms had cracked and came off somehow . it still locks but it looks terrible , and might possibly be tamper-able .
 Do n't buy this piece of crap . Mine simply fell apart . The cylinder came apart in two pieces . I had only had it about six months and have no idea -LRB- e.g. dropped or run over -RRB- what could have caused this to happen ! I ca n't imagine how easy it would have been for a thief to break it and steal my bike !!
 This lock sucks . Save your money . Within one week the holder for the lock was broken . Now a month into this lock and the cage that protects where you insert the key is broken . This lock sucks , SAVE YOUR MONEY DO NOT BUY THIS LOCK IT SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have purchased two of these OnGuard Bulldog locks , the big one , and then a smaller one . The big one key stopped working about a month ago , and then the smaller one that I just bought now does n't work . I think the product is defective . The first one I bought worked for over a year , and the second one lasted about 3 months . I would not purchase this item .
 I read previous reviews of this lock , and really I am to blame because , silly me , thought `` there is no way this will happen to me . '' but sure enough , after no more than 3 uses , it locked forever , luckily not on my bike . TRUST ME . DO NOT BUY .
 Great strong lock , but the lock jammed and I ca n't unlock it now . I 've only been using the lock for about a month . Glad my bike was not locked to it when it jammed . The mounting rack really stinks as well .
 In case you have not picked this up already from the numerous reviews
 After moving to Los Angeles , I needed to buy a second U-LOCK as bike 's are a hot item to be stolen . One u-lock to lock my front wheel to the frame , and the second to lock the frame , back wheel , to a post , etc. . I bought this U-LOCK not knowing the company , but it was sturdy and good feel and at a good price.I had a HORRIBLE experience with this lock . My second time using this , the key broke off like butter while I was opening it . I have owned many U-LOCKS in the past and know how to not force the key , so I was n't using much force at all . The key broke off inside the lock , leaving me stranded . I 'll avoid my heroic details of finding my way home to then return with the 2nd key and plyers to remove the stuck key.The key -LRB- you get two -RRB- that is made for this lock is EXTRA thin . All U-LOCK keys are thin and should never be forced , but this is a terrible design and major flaw . It 's a good lock , but comes with a terrible key , so I would not suggest buying this .
 After careful research , I found this lock to be the best value -- strong and well-priced . I sent it to my son at college . After using it for a few days , he was unable to open it for a few days in a row , he said . Then one day he got it to work . He used it for a few days and then he could not open it when he stuck the key in again . It was just jambed shut . After about two weeks of trouble , he bought another lock . I am not sure if he just got a lemon or if there is an inherent problem with this lock .
 and my bike is at class . I spent 10 minutes fiddling with it , and could not get it open . The key turns the lock , but its stuck good . It often did n't open on the first try , but now it 's completely stuck . I will try another key , but I 'm not happy now , after having to walk back.edit
 The key on this product has a thin area right above the notches that fit the tumblers . In my case , this caused it to break off in the lock earlier today -LRB- I did not apply excessive force , knowing from experience the hassles a broken key can cause -RRB- . Now , the only way of getting my bike off that stand is for me to go home , bring back my rotary tool and cutting disc and have at it -LRB- if that works , this thing is hardened steel -RRB- . The lock itself might be as safe as the Bank of England , but I would advise against buying this product because of the key.Update
 I bought this lock because it was a bit less expensive than other locks . But after only 6 months the barrel is cracked and seperates when unlocked . I do not want to chance that the lock will not hold up to theft so I am going to replace it .
 I read the reviews , saw that some keys break , get stuck or stop functioning soon after purchase . I figured there were just a few bad apples out there . After 2 weeks I noticed some difficulty unlocking/locking with the weakly built keys -LRB- they give you 5 , but it is n't like it helps ! -RRB- . Just after the return period , and after using it only about 12 times , the lock wo n't lock , the key just stops mid turn and any more force will snap the key.On their website they say `` We have found that despite our efforts to make the best locks in the industry , a small number of lock owners , particularly in beachside areas and areas where salt is used to condition icy roads , encounter trouble with our lock mechanism . Corrosion and dryness of the lock cylinder sometimes cause the locking mechanim to bind 90-degrees into the rotation of the key . `` I live in So . Cal 2 miles from the beach and wished I would have seen this tidbit earlier , but I keep my bike indoors at night and kept the lock cover closed . I do n't dare use it again . It is so heavy that it hurt $ to have to return it . I 'll be forking out the money for the kryptonite lock .
 This lock froze up on me about 8 months after I bought it . Fortunately my bike was not locked with it at the time . I lubed it every 2 months or so with a graphite lube as recommended , and it gave no warning before freezing up.I tried to contact OnGuard about their product . Despite 3 support tickets , multiple emails , and several phone calls over the course of weeks , they never got back to me . Their phone system asks you to leave a message and they will call you back , right . Thats right , it is impossible to get in contact with this company.This lock did get wet occasionally as I bike to work rain or shine . However , I park in a garage at work , and I do n't believe this lock was ever left outdoors uncovered in the rain . So the lock only lasted 8 months with occasional exposure to water while en-route to work . Unless you live in a desert and do n't care about the lack of customer support , I would recommend you avoid On Guard products.I just wish Amazon would allow a rating of 0 stars .
 I purchased one of these locks in November . Within a month I needed to lubricate it , as the mechanism was getting so difficult to work . By mid-January , the lock was sticking so much that I * broke * the key in the lock while trying to open it . I literally drenched it in lubrication and it now barely opens , with much fiddling and pressure . If you live somewhere that experiences inclement weather , and where corrosion is an issue , this is not a good choice . I had an ABUS lock previously and its mechanism was so much smoother and trouble free - though it is more expensive .
 I 've had this lock for about 4 years . At first , I did have problems with locking and unlocking the lock and it eventually `` worked out '' . This lock was kept on the book rack of my bike indoors most of the time , except on days that I rode my bike to work or to go shopping , nothing out of the ordinary . This lock literally fell apart in my hands when I unlocked it yesterday !!! For the price that I paid and the little time it was exposed to the elements , THIS SHOULD NOT HAVE HAPPENED . I have a Schwinn U-lock that has been locked outside to a fence for years that is rusty , BUT it still unlocks and unlocks and has n't fallen apart !!!
 I had this lock for about two years . Then one morning I dropped it . It came apart exposing the interior cylinder made of plastic . The plastic was cracked in half . Although I was able to reassemble it , I have no faith in it 's security value and will not use it again . I am replacing it with a Kryptonite New York Fahgettaboutit and hopefully I will be able to forget about it .
 So i rarely use this lock maybe 5 times . well on the 6th time i used it the key became stuck i could engage and disengage the U component but the key was stuck . I was pissed , i had bike 5 miles to a store only to find myself not being able to go into the store because the stupid lock stopped working . And another thing , this lock is HEAVY , i would recommend getting another kind just for the weight issue alone . So yes first it was the weight but add to that the key getting stuck on the 6th use this product gets a fail .
 I had my mongoose bike locked with this U-lock and left it overnight -LRB- in Brooklyn projects area -RRB- only to find out the next morning that the lock was busted up in pieces and the bike was gone , they probably used a hammer or something . I 'm giving this review 2 stars instead of 1 because i do n't know exactly how much time it took for them to brake it . One things for sure i would n't trust this lock a specially if left on for long period of time . -LRB- Note
 11/28/08 - Buyer Beware
 11/28/08 - Buyer Beware
 I waited so long for this lock that some thief took my bike before this darned thing arrive . It 's already been 2 weeks . Now , what am I going to do with this piece of junk ?
 This lock is being returned to Amazon . I 'm surprised by the cheap quality of the accessories that go with this lock.Problem 1
 It wo n't fit on a MTB frame and even if it would when the spline-lock bracket sustains any vibration the heavy lock ultimately falls off and knocks your frame or bruises your leg or causes an accident ; it 's unsafe . It 's heavy-duty yes , but only transport it in a backpack otherwise you 'll be very sorry .
 I was impressed when I first used the U lock on my new bike . Four days later , the lock jammed . Fortunately , I had not yet locked my bike . I made use of the cable lock and a hastily bought padlock until I could find a replacement . I worked on and off for two days to try to open the lock , following the advice of the manufacturer , but have returned it . I 'm glad my bike is n't still locked up somewhere . I wo n't take that chance with an Onguard product again .
 3.2 Todson , Inc. will NOT be liable if theft occurred where : Torches , battery operated tools or power tools were used to open the lock.To File A Claim Under This Limited Anti-theft Program :4.1 Report the theft to the police within 72 hours . FAILURE TO REPORT THE THEFT TO POLICE WITHIN 72 HOURS OF DISCOVERY VOIDS THIS LIMITED ANTI- THEFT PROGRAM .4.2 Notify Todson , Inc. in writing within seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- days of the theft by certified mail , return receipt requested , to the above address and include :4.2.1 a copy of the police report indicating that you reported the theft within 72 hours of discovery ,4.2.2 a copy of the claim filed with your insurance company , if applicable ,4.2.3 at least one original key from your OnGuard lock ,4.2.4 your broken OnGuard lock , and4 .2.5 your Registration Form , and all applicable attachments , if not previously submitted .
 This lock is not worth the money . The cylinder split in two pieces after falling on the ground from a height of about 20 inch . Sorry but a massive bike lock is something different . Better buy for example a Kryptonite bike lock , which is made of pure steel and no plastic .
 Those may be great glasses for someone who is looking just to buy a regular sunglasses , the build is sturdy , but dont expect anything fancy , on the picture the glasses look very good , however when I received them the design does not look good on face as it does not cover the eyebrows , making it look somewhat silly , I would not recommend it !!! If you are looking for inexpensive sunglasses better go to retail sales outlet and buy designers glasses , this way you know you will not look like a f00l in them , this was a waste of money for me .
 if you just looking for a cheap pair sunglasses then go to the dollar tree cause thats what these look like probally came from there if you want a good pair sunglasses go where they sell Foster Grants they are the best
 These sunglasses were very loose on me and the problem I have is that I do n't have time to go to the post office . I am very dissapointed and will never buy from this vendor again .
 The eyegalsses look great in thte picture . But it is cheap and break easily . It is made from cheap plastic and not durable . Do n't waste your money .
 this product is worst not good at all . i used it for a day or so what ever was shown on pic does not match .
 This watch is inferior . It is made for looks only . You get what you pay for .
 The lock itself seems like it is good quality . However , I never had a chance to use the lock since , the plastic lock bracket , which mounts the lock to the bike broke on installation . As a result , I can not take the lock with me when I go biking.The bracket installation guide does not effectively show how to mount the bracket properly to the bike . Even after carefully following the installation instructions , the bracket kept sliding & eventually one of the plastic pieces broke.Unfortunately , I purchased the lock in May 2008 on Amazaon and I did n't get around to installing the lock until July 2008 , which is beyond the 30 day return policy , so I can not return the lock .
 I bought it because it was prime delievery . Everything as previous bad revies happened - my key broken and lock dead on bench.NEVER AGAIN !
 11/28/08 - Buyer Beware
 11/28/08 - Buyer Beware
 My brand new Gary Fisher Hybrid was stolen from the Metra train station on the north side of Chicago using this lock . I was locked to a bike rack with many other bikes at 6:30 am . By 2:30 my bike and lock were gone . The thief must have cut or leveraged the lock open . This is a low crime , high traffic area , so I doubt the thief would have had time to make it a long project to get open - seems the lock was easy to get open . Just an FYI for those thinking about this lock in a big city . Also , the warranty is useless if the thief takes the bike and lock together . If your bike is stolen , you got ta hope the lock is left behind : -LRB-
 This lock works fine and all , but I had a bike stolen because someone just cut through the security cable.So , if you 're using it then you might as well throw the security cable out and just use the U-Lock .
 I chained the bike for only one hour at 10 am on Park Ave in Manhattan . The cable was cut and my bike was stolen .
 After second time going to the beach U-Lock stopped working , with luck managed to unlock after almost half an hour struggle , it useless now . Do not buy it !
 I bought this about a year and a half ago . The lock itself is fine , probably not big differences in security between this and other brands . But what really has disappointed me is that the keys are very flimsy -LRB- are the made of aluminum ? -RRB- , and if the lock is `` sticky '' , as it is in the winter , it 's pretty easy to just twist the key without turning the lock . I 'm going to buy a different brand next time .
 I bought this item for my freshmen year at college . It broke in about a month . The key got jammed TWICE ! The first time I was able to dislodge it , and just had to use a new key , but the second time I was n't able to get it out , and a maintenance crew member ended up breaking my key in half ! This product is cheap . Pass it up .
 I got this calendar for my daughter and was shocked that there are 4 players shown that are no longer on the team . I can almost understand players that we 're traded this winter but Bobby Abreu and David Bell we 're traded in July and they both have months on the calendar . The other two players are Mike Leiberthal and Gavin Floyd . Hard to beleive they could n't find someone other thatn Gavin Floyd ?????
 Not like other Antigua products . The cut is terrible -- there 's no way to wear it without looking like you 're swimming in it .
 Stay away from there balls , these are totally worthless . I bought 6 of these few days . A single ball does not last more than 8 overs , its skin comes off in about 3rd of 4th over itself.A really pathetic product from Reebok .
 if u look under product features ... u 'll see ... `` Box of 6 Reebok balls '' . i only received one , this ball sucks , the ppl that sell this should try playin w / it ...
 Thought it is a quality product and It did n't even last 6-8 overs . . That makes me beleive these are not authentic rebok made balls . Buy the MRI balls instead .
 I placed it on a TC 22-250 and took it to the range over a period of two months . I went out at least once a weekshooting a 100 yards . I would make a adjustment , the scope would move anywhere from nothing to 3 inch per oneclick . Never did get it to hold . Put on a Tasco it zeroed on first try and held . Half the price . I have twoother Nikons Pro Staff BDC 's they work great . The Buckmaster does n't work !
 The item is advertised as the BDC -LRB- bullet drop compensating -RRB- reticle . The one that was sent is the cheaper version called Nikoplex.After taking it to Cabela 's for bore sighting , I went to the gun range for sighting in the scope.After firing a few rounds to get a group starting at 25 yards then to 50 yards etc. . I was stuck at the 50 yard target . it was firing to the left by about 2 inches . I made 2 clicks to the right and it still fired into the same group , I made 2 more clicks and nothing ... after 16 clicks , still nothing . The windage is not adjusting at all.I talked to Amazon.com and they said that because it was no longer in new condition , they could n't do anything for me . No exchange , no return . I recommend purchasing from somewhere like Cabela 's where they would exchange it on the spot even 90 + down the road even with no original packaging . ** update ... after fighting back and forth with amazon , and this review , they agreed to do a one time exception exchange .
 Bought this for my Umbrella Cockatoo . Within 1 hour it was compltely distroyed.Not worth the money
 Ektelon handballs have been great in the past but this batch -LRB- GCV17 -RRB- do n't bounce well and are out of round . Not useable .
 The product was priced right but the quality of the product was extremely sub-standard . Not only did the product not last as long as the OEM pads , the setting on the stimulator had to be set at an extremely high reading to get the proper results , thus reducing the battery life to less than half when using the OEM pads .
 These pads retain stickiness for one or two uses and that 's about it . In addition , the gel sticky surface comes off on your fingers when you try to put them on ! These are the WORST brand I have ever used and do NOT recommend wasting your money !!
 The sled that I received does not look like the photo at all ! The one I received is bigger and less supportive . I purchased it for my 9 month old so I am hoping I can pad the sides up enough to allow me to pull him through the snow .
 I was very hopeful about his sled , since it seemed a good size and ensured my two year old would n't be falling backward off of the sled . It works fine if I 'm pulling her along on the ice , or an inch or less of snow , so we use it on the sidewalks around town . But it seems to not spread out weight evenly - or something - and so it gets bogged down in any depth of snow and just tips over on its side , making for a very unhappy toddler .
 The price is good on this sled , but the plastic cracked on the front of the sled already and we have n't even taken it outside , my boy only sat in it so I do n't know if it came with the crack or if it happened after he at in it . I do n't have the time to return it either .
 We live in an area where we can get over 8 inches of snow . When it gets that deep , this product tends to tip over.We 've used this for when our kids were like 1 year + and we had to go around the yard and pack down the snow in a path or else it would tip over , putting our little bundles of joy face down in the snow!If you 're only going on a packed snow paths , it 's perfectly fine , but we go on the sidewalk then into the fresh snowfall in the backyard , and it never fails to tip over crying , freezing toddlers.Really surprised it 's not mentioned in other reviews .
 Based on another review , I got this boggon for my 3 year old and 17 month old . It 's way too small for both of them . It tips over very easily and the cord is too short as other reviewers mentioned . Neither one of them felt secure in it . I do n't think it 'll get much use and will probably end up collecting dust in the attic while we search for something more suitable .
 I got a picture of my daughter in law pulling her 2 littlle girls on this sled , they were all smiles so I guess I got my monies worth .
 Ordered this sled for my 4 month old 's first winter and was very excited to receive it ! We got it and it had nice high sides and supported him well when the buckle was attached , however , the minute he squirmed to look around , the buckle let go and he fell out face first into the snow . I am really not impressed with a produce designed for an infant that would have the SAFETY harness be so unsafe .
 Played 4 games -LRB- total 16 hands -RRB- of Hand & Foot using the shuffler . By the 3rd game , one side was freezing up and not processing the cards . I realize it was inexpensive and I should not have expected pperfection from something made in China ; however , I certainly expected it to last longer than 4 games ! As an early shareholder in Amazon.com , I can only say I 'm ashamed of you .
 This uis the 2nd card shuffler of this kind that is broken . Cheapely made . I will never buy this again
 Shuffler would never work even with numerous new batteries . Sent item back and did get refund on item but not shipping . Just not meant to have this item and another that I ordered at same time . The other item also broke . First time ever for having problems with something ordered from Amazon.com
 Cheaply made product ... No instructions on how to put it together ... Plastic gears on one side were jammed and broken ...
 This shuffler really does not do a good job . Very unreliable shuffling . Seems cheaply made , not worth the money . Would rather have bought a more expensive but better made product .
 If your cards are getting a little old , it wo n't work well at all . With new cards probably 90 % effective . Sometimes cards get caught on the sides and do n't get shuffled with the rest . Ca n't say that I would have bought this if I had tried it first .
 While this card shuffler did work well , it was very tempermental because the batteries were not well seated and moved out of position after just a few uses . Batteries were hard to insert and had to be teased back in place frequently .
 one of the little plastic clips that holds the card return bracket in place was broken upon receipt . unit still works but bracket has to be held in place . occasionally one side of shuffler is used faster than the other , leaving a portion of the opposite side un-shuffled . other than that unit does what it 's supposed to .
 The product was missing the electrical contacts for one side of the batteries so we could n't even get the unit to operate . I ordered the Casino 6 Deck shuffler and it worked well and had much better visual quality , too .
 I purchased this card shuffler because my daughter and I love to play Uno but do n't much like all the shuffling that 's required after each game . The shuffling is required because a game of Uno results in a deck that 's well-sorted by color -LRB- a bunch of red cards followed by a bunch of yellow cards , etc -RRB- and to break up this order for the next game , we have to shuffle by hand quite a bit . I thought that this device would be the answer to our troubles but it does n't seem to have worked out that way.Unfortunately , the machine will only do a single shuffle at a time so if you need the deck shuffled many times -LRB- as we do -RRB- , then you will have to load the machine , shuffle the cards , collect the cards , reload the machine , reshuffle the cards , etc , etc. several times . After practicing some , I found that each round required about 30 seconds so shuffling the deck seven times requires about 3 1/2 minutes of work -LRB- and , of course , it takes seven perfect shuffles to randomize a 52 card deck ; larger decks such as for Uno will require more shuffles -RRB- . Splitting the deck exactly in half before loading the card shuffler is also a must - if the cards are not exactly divided then you 'll find that the first and last cards of the deck do n't get shuffled at all.I found the instructions scanty - an allegedly three step procedure is printed on the side of the box but I needed about 10 minutes of experimentation before I could get the machine to go smoothly -LRB- in particular , the two halves of the card deck needed to be held just so in order to get the machine to shuffle them well -RRB- . The machine itself is made of plastic which keeps the cost down -LRB- a major issue for me ! -RRB- but unfortunately , it results in a cheap/flimsy sort of presentation . The machine is also far noisier than I expected - on par with a kitchen blender , I 'd say . I suppose this is a case of getting exactly what I paid for ... The device seems most appropriate for folks who are playing six deck games -LRB- where shuffling the cards manually must be QUITE tedious -RRB- and do n't require much randomization of the cards . If you do need lots of randomization , you should be prepared to go through multiple 30 second cycles each time you shuffle up .
 The item requires 4 C batteries , which are not included . It is built of extremely flimsy plastic and when I tested it I found out that the left wheel -LRB- which has to spin to shuffle the deck on the left side -RRB- was jammed and could not be fixed . I returned the item and would not recommend it .
 Used for first time yesterday and it worked very well . Just hope it holds up , as have had &#34; singles &#34; that did not last very long . We play a game requiring 5 decks of cards , so this shuffler is perfect
 This product is very cheap and does not even live up to the expectations of what I would get for $ 10 . It does not shuffle cards ... I put in about 2 decks -LRB- approx amount of cards in the game of PhaseTen -RRB- and it just spit cards out from one side of the queue rack , the other side did n't feed well or at all , when it did feed it only did half of the deck and the other half ended up jammed in the middle return cavity . Very poor quality .
 Bought this shuffler to shuffle Magic
 PURCHASED 6 DECK AUTOMATIC CARD SCHUFFLER BY BRYBELLY HOLDINGS , INC. . THIS PRODUCE WORKED FOR APPROXIMATELY THREE MINUTES BEFORE IT STOPPED WORKING . ONE SIDE WORKED BUT JUST A NOISE FROM THE OTHER SIDE . TERRIBLE PRODUCT .
 The spring-loaded balance plate/tray in the center which is supposed to catch the cardsis not connected properly or the spring is too weak . When the shuffled cards fall onto the plate , the front hangs down and the cards bunch up . Therefore one has to hold the center plate while shuffling so the cards are n't a mess .
 Only worked for 3 uses . After the third , it stopped working . You can not easily take this device apart . I am too late into the process to get a refund ... do not recommend purchasing .
 The piece that holds level the cards that have been shuffled broke so that it was lopsided after only a couple of weeks . Now it has been four months and the shuffler no longer works very well . Very disappointed . Wonder if it is how the shipper packs them .
 I ordered 2 of these shufflers and they both broke after using them 5 or 6 times . The little black insert that is supposed to keep the cards straight broke.Now the cards shuffle in all directions.A waste of money .
 Typical , poor-quality card shuffler . Easily gets off track , cards do n't always lay flat , takes a lot of tweaking to get it to work each time . Storing it on its side in a box seems to throw it off for the next time it is used . Boy , if someone could make a decent , moderately-priced , multi-deck card shuffler there would be a huge market . It is so frustrating to buy these ones that are chintzy to begin with and way to expensive to buy the `` Vegas-quality '' ones that seem to be the only alternatives .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 This watch is beautiful , but not very functional . In an effort to make it water tight Momentum has made it very difficult to set the time , date and alarm . First you have to unscrew the crown . After that you pull the crown out to the first position for date/alarm or second position for time . Unfortunately , the positions are difficult to find and the first position overlaps with the screw threads for the water seal . What you 'll find is that the date will get messed up whenever you attempt to make any adjustment -- time , date or alarm -- and it 's very difficult to set and keep the alarm setting , because when you attempt to tighten down the crown it changes the alarm setting.Cute watch . Just do n't try to set the time , date or alarm and you 'll get years of happiness from it .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 Sure this flask looks nice with a comfy handheld grip , but the purpose is to be able to store cigarettes on the outside compartment . I gave this gift to someone for the holidays only to find that as soon as cigarettes were placed inside the door did n't close properly -LRB- with only 4 cigs -RRB- which defeats the purpose of what could have been a handy item !
 Just got back from my cruise . They scanned all 13 of my groups bags . I was THE ONLY ONE of the 13 that did not use water bottles or mouthwash . Mine was the only one with a note in it that said they say suspicious items and that they had confiscated and discarded my 3 pouches and about $ 65 worth of liquor . I should get my money back for this useless product .
 I have a Brooks B17 Special and a Brooks Special Flier -LRB- bought together in a fit of expectant optimism -RRB- . I have done around 10,000 miles on one or the other , so they should be reasonably broken in . On my typical ride to work -LRB- typically just less than 1hour - 13.5 miles -RRB- , I ride for 8 minutes , then get a pain on the insides of my upper thighs . I need to come off the saddle until the pain subsides , then it is OK for a while . I sometimes suffer numbness in places where I 'd prefer that not happen!The Special Flier is better , but still not good.I have now removed the B17 from the bike , and am trying a Selle San Marco Rolls - have only done one ride to work on it , so I ca n't make a comparison , but I really do n't like the Brooks - disappointing . I was determined to like those saddles , but I do n't .
 The first time filling the container it worked fine . The second refill leaked out before we got home . The people at Academy said there was a defect with it .
 Filled a full tank of CO2 but leaked all out cause of a bad O-ring . Should have triple checked before using it . I recommend people to change the O-ring immediately .
 I used once for a long day of paintballing about a week after receiving the tank . I shot a few shots at home the week afterwards just to get the tank empty . Now it leaks , and I either have to get it fixed or buy a new one . It was really good while it still worked , but I guess I just got unlucky .
 i ordered this , arrived on time , but its a spyder , i do n't know how it works yet , but i thought i should say your run a risk of getting the wrong tank
 Purchased a 20 oz co2 tank new , when I had it charged , it lost pressure over a few days . I had it charged again , thinking it was not filled properly the first time . It lost pressure again . Not a good buy .
 I bought this and it came in good condition , however , it wasnt in any kind of plastic wrapping or a case . It filled up fine and worked great , but after it ran out , I find out that the valve is broken and theres no way to repair it , so i threw it out .
 so i bought this this tank and it wasnt damaged at all when i opened the package and i got it filled but when i put it in my gun it wont pressurize in the gun and im pretty sure its something wrong with the tank cause i put another tank in and it worked just fine ... anybody have any suggestions ?
 I purchased a Co2 tank that was in good condition . And on the day of my paintball day my tank did n't work so I gave to send it in to be fixed .
 This product was broken from the time I received it . I spent a lot of time prepping for a good round of paintball only to get there and my CO2 DID NOT WORK ! The package was not damaged during shipping , it just came in broken .
 When I got this product it looked awesome . Everything was shiny and brand new , but when i went to get it filled it did not fill . The lid was somewhat leaking co2 . Tank got frozen and was useless .
 I liked the price , but it leaked when I had it filled.The guy filling the tank emptied it out and refilled just to make sure.The leak was near the top , at the threads .
 Please be careful buying from Action Village . They have a very rigid return policy . If you 're going to buy an item from them , my advice is to be very certain that it is exactly what you 're looking for !
 I 'm not reviewing the 20oz . CO2 tank but the quote I purchased at the same time . I 've put up many quotes but have NEVER experienced what I did with this one . I know how to put these up , but this one just would n't work properly . I kept going over , and over the words and they still stuck to the backing . Some of the letters just broke apart and I had to literally `` piece '' them back together ... what a job that was . I 'll never deal with this seller again . I 've paid a lot less for the other quotes I have and I had NO TROUBLE WITH THEM . Very , very , disappointed .
 EMPTY TANK !!!! . So i thought I 'd take a chance with many reviews being very satisfied with the tank they received . Unfortunately the tank I received was empty so now i get to take and spend money to have it filled . Hopefully its not gon na leak . My advice just go to Sports Authority and get it there in the first place save yourself the time by just getting one you know will work in the first place .
 This came completely empty . . I try to put it in my new paintball gun & when i put it in i see it had NO Co2 i mean WTF !! i paid for Co2 not a thank all empty
 This product was 5 stars !! except for the fact that it was empty ! i read the product description and it said it was supposed to come ready to use ... in other words FILLED , which mine was not . So basically it was useless because i didnt have anyplace near me to fill it up . Plus i paid for a filled one why should i go pay to get it filled
 I got the container on time and in good packing , but when I had it filled the Valve was bad and I had to pay to have it fixed . The bottle never would stop leaking till they fixed it .
 got for my son for Cmas , got it filled , disappointed when he used it for the first time as it did n't go in to the gun far enough -LRB- reading -RRB- and air leaked
 I went to use this cylinder , and it was completely empty straight out of packaging . DO NOT BUY THESE ARE A SCAM . Just spring for something more expensive , this is too good to be true .
 So I ordered this tank a little while ago - got here fast , no problems there . Got it filled and worked wonders the first week of play . Second week game came by and the tank starts leaking once I get it filled . I 'd be paying more to ship it back then to get it repaired . So now I 'm stuck with a repair bill on a new item . : \
 Because of the great price , I bought 2 of these tanks . When they arrived , I filled them both for $ 5 each . After about 2 months , one of the tanks was completely empty . I had the shop check the valves and all looked ok . So , I filled the tank that leaked again . Sure enough , after about a week , it was empty again.I tried to return the defective tank , but since it is not an `` Amazon Product '' , there is no guarantee that it will be replaced or refunded . I mailed the tank back to Amazon as instructed on their website . A few months later , I have not heard anything , so I expect it is just a loss.Bottom Line
 I ignored the reviews giving the item benifit of the doubt . After one use it leaked constantly . Im not going to pay to have something fixed that should have worked from the begining . Returning it and warning all who try to purchase this .
 The tank was the right price but the test date was expired , a test cost more than the bottle itself . So I would say good for around the house but most paintball fields will not refill this tank.Rhode Island
 Well the tank was delivered fast and that was great . The tank also looks good with a snazzy logo ... but who cares . If I fill it up and do n't use it in the next day or two it drains . I was hoping that it just needed a break in period or something but it has n't gotten better . I have been every where trying to find an air smith to fix the leak but I have had no luck . I guess I will try and return the tank but I loath the idea of returning to an online company . How I wish I had gone to a physical store so that I could exchange it without any problems . -LSB- ... -RSB- There is a lot of great paintball items you can save money on by buying online but from now on I wo n't be getting tanks online with only a 5 dollar savings the hassle is not worth it . I 'll pay 5 dollars more for peace of mind .
 had to return 2 tanks . 1st one would not even fill , leaked from emergency release . 2nd filled and lost Co2 will wrapped for christmas present.returned no problem , but not a good buy .
 The tank arrived quickly and in new condition , but could not refill due to problem at top . Also was told that it was missing the O ring that is needed to seal . Will not bother returning based on the sellers track record on these items and the added cost of sending it back with no guarantee that it will be refunded . Bummer since the cost here was really good ...
 it was a gift to my husband when to get it filled and the container is no good . all the co2 leaked out was told container was defaulted .
 Charged the tank , then noticed that the valve leaks . The pin is very difficult to depress . Not very happy . Now it will not take a charge .
 This expensive saddle is the most uncomfortable bicycle seat I 've ever used . I tried it for two weeks and I was so sore from it I had to stop riding for a week . I replaced it with a $ 20 saddle that is 10 times more comfortable . Clearly this is not for everyone . But you should be warned . All these great reviews are very bizarre to me . I ca n't imagine anyone liking this product . I do n't get it . And I 'm finding a lot of people that share my opinion unlike what I 'm seeing here . So beware on this purchase .
 Update Aug 8 2011Just a suggestion , while it is on my mind , to those who would buy this saddle
 These saddles are not at all as good as people say they are . This is just another one of those weird trendy biker fads like Fixed Gear bikes . I honestly think some riders just are a glutton for punishment.Comfort
 I purchased this whopping 88ci tank only to be bumbed out when this tiny empire tank arrived in the mail . Empire ? really ???? I got 700 shots out of the tank I received and am in the process of taking it up with the company . WRONG PICTURE IN DESCRIPTION
 I could only use these boots twice . The first time , the strap that runs around the ankle started to rub my horse 's ankle raw . Fortunately I know my horse well enough to know something was wrong and got off and checked him and removed the boots before there was much damage done . I had n't used the gaitors with them the first time , so I thought I would give them the benefit of the doubt and try again . By the time just walking around was done my horse was holding each hoof up waiting for me to take the boots off . There was n't any outward damage done , but he was obviously very uncomfortable with them . After saying all this , was it an improper fit ? Not that I could see . They seemed to fit the hoof fine , other than the velcro outer closures were a bit short , but able to close . I had sized him according to the directions very carefully on the Easycare website , to ensure I was getting him the correct boot and the correct size when I ordered . When I received them , I fitted them according to the directions of not getting them dirty , they seemed to fit fine . But as they say , `` The proof is in the pudding '' . Now I am extremely leery to try to buy another pair of any other type of boot , because once you try them out , they are yours . No returns . I do n't care to keep putting money out there and have the product not be usable .
 I sent these boots back and am still waiting for my refund . When I ordered these on amazon it did not say they where the G2 's . I would not have wanted the G2 's as I knew they where not round as my horses all wear . Amazon needs to be more specific .
 Valve leaks on both tanks first time filled . PMI sent new o-rings . Difficult to replace and a waste of time because they both leaked again . Steer clear of push on/off valves . The reviews referring this issue are correct , I only wish I had known before buying .
 It was ok during the first fill with carbon dioxide . However , when I tried to refill it , it started leaking gas and became unusable . I am going to ask company to replace it or refund the full amount.Thanks , AM
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 I 've been running these tires on my commuter bike for the past few months -LRB- approx 400 miles -RRB- . In that time , I 've had a puncture in the center of the front tire and the sidewall on the rear tire completely blew out without warning . This blow out happened on a smooth road w/o hitting anything . Very disappointed in these tires . I bought them -LRB- expensive -RRB- for piece of mind but they 've actually caused more problems .
 I read and heard a bunch about these tires . I first purchased a set of fortes from the local shop . They ran about 300 miles , these tires are supposed to last 1000 miles with little to no flats . I heard people around me saying '' I never get flats with the gator skins . '' I ordered 700X23 for my front and 700X25 for my back -LRB- rider weight 220lbs -RRB- . Well first off , the tires are so hard to mouth on my rims -LRB- both front and back -RRB- that I pinched one tube completely and a second blew under the bead within 30 mins . After finally getting two good mounts I aired both to 100psi and rode two days -LRB- 1 mile to work and back -RRB- , on the third day back from work I hit a rock and landed in a rut and PINCH FLAT . I HAD A PINCH FLAT AT 100 PSI on a 700X23 on my FRONT tire . I am a moderately heavy dude , but PINCH FLAT-FRONT TIRE seriously ? I rode my old GENERIC forte front tire at 80PSI and never had a pinch flat.Experience on these tires is sad . Not at all worth $ 115 bucks . Already ready to go back to the 45-dollar Fortes .
 I have used these tires and Armadillos for riding in nyc in all seasons for a commute between 8-15 miles per work day . These continental tires were supposed to be superior in both rolling resistance and puncture proofing , but are not . Within four months both front and back need replacement and flats were increasingly becoming an issue . I used the Armadillo for close to 5 years without changing the tire and had very few flats as a testament to its durability - and rode them until the thread was bare . I never noticed any supposed rolling-resistance gains . Maybe that 's an issue for track-riders , but to a commuter , I do n't believe you 'll see a difference . Both of these Continental Gatorskin tires that I put only 3-4 months ago picked up huge amounts of embedded glass/debris , and developed horizontal rips . They seem to be particularly puncture-prone during cold and wet weather and snow . They have left me stranded on my bike route without a spare tube too many times -LRB- because I used the other ones to replace flats just a few days before -RRB- . I 'm going back to Armadillo . Like with any tire , i made sure they were properly inflated .
 While these tires are quite light , they lack durability and puncture protection and should be avoided for long distance events . From reading the other reviews , I expected these tires to last longer than the 2500 miles I got out of each . In that time , I experienced 7 flats and sidewall damage due to a branch on the road . From my experience from other tires , I 've found the performance of these tires to be less than desired.Considering the main selling points for this tire are the supposed puncture resistance and durability , I found that I had ended up wasting $ 100 for less than a season of use . I 've used Specialized Armadillos in the past and I 've gotten 11,000 mi -LRB- still going for over 2 years -RRB- in the front and 4,500 mi in the rear.The best thing going for these tires is their weight and road `` stickiness . '' Therefore , these tires are probably best suited for low to medium distance racing/training rides and should be avoided for randonneurs and touring .
 The Continental Gatorskins are too stiff and heavy . Defeats the whole purpose on these tires being on road bike wheels especially 700c x 23mm ! Like I said really heavy tires adds more weight on to the wheels hence more kinetic motion to get moving . Feels like there is sand in the tires might also have to do with the stiff in the tires too . It does n't roll smoothly , they is drag in the tires and you feel like rolly polly.I feel like I can go faster and ride smooth on my mountain bike then this Gatorskin !
 The tire is grippy on wet asphalt . But it 's too fragile . I 've got a through puncture after 3 commute rides . It was a piece of glass . While examining I 've found a lot of surface punctures . I used 3 different brands among gatorskin . All 3 are better in terms of number of surface defects . May be it 's the tradeoff for grippyness -- the rubber of gatorskin is softer and more elastic.I bought pair of gatorskins for commuting in winter when it rains . A lot of debris at expressways shoulders I ride . These ones do n't work for me .
 I bought these on recommendation from a local shop - no more flats they claimed . Expensive , but worth it right ? Well in the first 15 days of riding I 've had three flats . After the first I returned the tire to the shop for a new one , then that tire got a flat too . Sheesh.The first flat -LRB- day two of riding -RRB- was a weird sidewall blowout , maybe a defect in the manufacture of the tire . The second and third were from pieces of gravel slicing the tread all the way through to the tube . Just regular gravel from a bike path . So now I have a useless $ 50 tire with two holes in it , and another that I do n't trust . Very disappointing.I should note that I 've been riding my bike everywhere my life takes me for the last ten years , and am very experienced in installing and caring for tires.In the past I 've had success with Bontrager race lite tires , which are cheaper to boot .
 There 's some Grand Fondo style events coming up this spring . I decided to outfit my CX bike with a pair of wide semi slicks for the mixed tarmac , off road , and gravel surfaces that make these events so much fun . I 've been using Conti road and CX tires for years so it was an easy choice to grab a pair of these . There has never a problem removing or mounting any tire with little need for mechanical assistance from tire irons . However , these represented a challenge never experienced since I changed my first flat , years ago . It took over 15 minutes each to mount the last section of bead . These are the tightest tires I have ever encountered -LRB- 700x28 -RRB- . I used every trick in the book to get these shooz on my custom NovemberBicycles.com 23mm wide clincher wheels . Extra talc , a bit of silicon on the bead , pre-stretching , and a Crank Bros Big Stick . When finished my thumbs were bleeding and my hands were sore . But I finally got them mounted . Yesterday I took the bike out for a ride . I have a semi-custom steel AllCity Macho Man that rides like a dream with my usual Conti 700x32 CX tires inflated to 50 LBS for road and trail use . Not anymore . Even dropping the tire pressure from the recommended pressure on the sidewall to 55 LBS these tires ride like bricks ! I 've been riding long enough to know that the narrower the tire the harsher the ride , but I rode my usual Saturday route over frost heaved roads and some construction . The ride was not harsh it was brutal ! But at least no flats . Once my hands heal I 'll probably remove them and set up with Michelin City Tires or some other brand . Hopefully , until then they will live up to their name and I 'll not get a flat . If so it 's going to be time to drop a dime and call my Wonderful Wife .
 on one bike they are great , on another they are very unstable . for a road bike i love them , the hybrid not so much , we 'll just use them on the trainer , although pretty expensive for trainer tires .
 I 'm not sure why these tires are rated so high . I am puncturing tires , both front or rear , a lot ... a whole lot , about every third or fourth ride.I 'm running 700 x 25 's at 110 psi and knocking out only about 30 miles per ride -LRB- that is , when I do n't puncture and sometimes cut the ride short due to down time -RRB- . It 's not the rims ; I 've checked them out many times . It 's not the tubes ; I 've used several different brands . It 's got ta be the tires ... . maybe I have a faulty set ? I 've been riding for well over 20 years and have never had problems like this.I keep telling myself ... `` It 's just a bad luck streak '' but I know it 's really a bad set of tires.Actually , It think these tires hate me ... . and I feel them mocking me as I yet again rip off the rear wheel and reach for my tire levels ... . I got ta say , the feeling is beginning to become mutual.What did I ever do to you ?? I put you on sweet rims under an awesome carbon frame . I keep you inside the house -LRB- much to the wife 's objections -RRB- . I ride fast and safe and what do you do ? You let me down time and time again.Okay Gatorskin , remember this review when I 've traded your sorry rubber in for a new set of Specialized tires.Alright , you get one more chance ... . but just one .
 After less than 500 miles , bead wore through housing and started eating tubes like candy . Such poor quality is surprising from Continental.I also noticed that the tire design is similar but different from another Gatorskin bought in store . Could this be counterfeit stuff ? Just speculation at this point.I still think Gatorskin are good tires , but I 'll stay away from Amazon for now .
 I replaced my old cheap tires with these rediculously expensive tires -LRB- $ 50 each -RRB- hoping to get less flats . I 'm a bicycle commuter and ride 28 miles per day on urban streets . Flats just come with the territory on my commute , but honestly I 'm getting more flats now than I ever have with these tires and I paid 3 times more . I 've had 10 flats in the past 3 months ! The majority were from punctures , but now I 'm starting to get pinch flats because the bead is now damaged . That leads me into the other thing I hate about these tires , the wire bead is so tight that changing a flat is harder than ever ! It 's just a matter of time before the bead is damaged . I 've even broken a few levers trying to take off these mothers . Avoid these tires like the plague ! Take it from someone who has put them to the true test . They 're definitely not worth the money ! Go with armadillos or shwalbes all the way . I 've always had good success with those tires . They 're expensive , but they 're actually worth the extra money .
 I purchased/received a pair of these tires -LRB- 700x28c -RRB- on March 4th to replace the rear Bontrager Race Lite Hardcase 700x32c tire that came standard with my bike . I did some research online and Gatorskin seemed like a pretty good choice for puncture resistant tires . Unfortunately , these did little good for the amount and type of riding that I do -LRB- around 50 + miles/week -RRB- . I mostly do road riding , with occasional grass and gravel when roads get congested with traffic , and the worst section in terms of tire hazards is the bridge I go over , where there 's several shards of broken glass to go over.Anyway , within the first two weeks a shard of the aforementioned glass punctured straight through the center part of the FRONT tire , where it should 've been the most resilient . Luckily thanks to Amazon 's return policy I had absolutely no trouble returning the tire . I gave these the benefit of the doubt and kept the other tire on the rear , until about another 5 weeks later when it developed a flat as well . The damage on this one was a lot more severe ; there were several spots with holes filled with granules or pieces of glass imbedded through the center part of the tire . Compare this to the Bontrager tires above , where it took 11 MONTHS for the rear tire to develop its first flat -LRB- with the front one still going strong -RRB- and you can see why I 'm unhappy about this purchase.Well , the positives about this tire ? They 're fairly whippy , most likely due to lower weight , and I was able to ride a gear higher than normal without any more perceived effort . Would I recommend these tires to anyone ? No way , especially not for training . Since these seem very short lived I could only see these being used strictly for performance reasons . Longevity wise , you wo n't be finding it here .
 I bought two of these for front and back in addition to tire liners -LRB- yes , needed desperate flat protection -RRB- . First on all , Tire liners did _ nothing _ . period.The first tire had a large 1.5 '' gash in the side of the tire . -LRB- QA problem ? -RRB- But , both are worthless and did less than nothing to protect against flats . I might as well have been riding on tubes ! -LRB- These flats were _ not _ pinch flats , but from unavoidable glass and such -RRB- . Before each ride I inspect my tread & I keep my bike @ 90-100 PSI -LRB- these are rated for 120 -RRB- . Furthermore I was unable to get any English support , only German.Wish I could recommend to everyone some other tire product .
 They should call this the `` Onion Skin , '' because that 's about the amount of protection they offer . I got a thorn flat within 2 weeks of installation.What a joke !!!
 I used Gatorskins in the past , but after two sidewall blowouts , I changed to Armadillos . A few months ago I decided to try a Gatorskin again as I heard they had fixed their infamous sidewall problem . Yesterday on a ride , another blowout . Yup , on the sidewall of the Gatorskin after about 2500 miles on it . That was number three . No more Gatorskins for me .
 I excitedly bought these tires from my local bike shop after seeing the glowing reviews on Amazon . I 'm sad to report that these $ 40 tires -LRB- each ! -RRB- are only marginally better than the cheap tires I used to ride . I 've had three puncture flats in about 800 miles which is about the same as my old ones . These tires are also extremely difficult to mount because of the wire bead.The one thing that I do like about them is that I can run them at 120psi which really lowers the rolling resistance .
 The product you receive is not the one in the picture . You get a hat with the small pair of red socks on the back , not the red clover .
 Got the wrong cap -LRB- twice -RRB- and the wrong size -LRB- twice -RRB- Great cap - they just do n't ship what you order .
 I like to wear a sports tank especially in the summer to eliminate multiple layers , but I was so disappointed with this tank , there was no support and I 'm an average build ! It also shrunk in the wash . I discourage the purchase of this product !!!
 This was part of an order of 3 items , 2 of which had to be returned for wrong size and damage . This top with built in bra arrived with a hole on its side . Customer Service seems ineffective . I had to place several calls before some action was taken in the form of mailing labels for the return of the product without me being charged . Not enought explanation or communication was given regarding this method and my shipped items were returned to me once again due to unclear instructions by Athletica as to which type of Fedex drop off box I could use for this return delivery . The original shipping cost was high too and unjustifiable for the type and quality of merchantise . I 'm still waiting for this issue to be resolved as I have to return the item , in addition to another one that came in the wrong size , once again ... Please avoid using this company to order products .
 this is her son sam -LRB- age 15 -RRB- , got the gun in about two weeks , it worked for a few shots then broke . i took it to a airsoft store to fix and they said a pin had fallen out an messed up the gears , and a piston had broke . this had really made me mad . it is going to cost almost $ 60 to get it fixed . it cost me almost half the guns price to get it fixed . cheap gun it would be better to go with an american made gun like ECHO1 USA , not a cheaply made gun in china or japan .
 I dont like to be the person who writes the one bad review in the middle of all these good ones , but this gun was bad . The shooting rate changer scratches your gun , the battery is hard to get in , and the clip rate is really skippy and horrible . After i shot about 20-30 shots , which did n't shoot consecutively , the gun made an annoying noise and broke on me .
 I should clarify that yo-zuri lures in my opinion are the best , but this time I got 3 good lures that meet the characteristics of the brand and 4 lures that look like a bad copy , are thinner , the tongue is smaller , the lure is painted has a sticker and the hooks are small and thin.I have the doubt if the seller did it deliberately or is a manufacturer 's quality problem . I do not recommend this seller lures .
 Cheaply made too light for anything other than opening mail , Im trying like mad to return it.This is not the gerber quality I am used to . I would not concider this knife for my leo edc .
 I purchased this item less than one year ago , but not through Amazon , and I never sent in the warrantee paperwork . However , it began to fail within 9 months of use . We get ice cubes , but not enough to fill a glass . WE will have to get rid of this machine and replace it with another . We had the Haier for many years before it failed , but it is temporarily out of stock . As soon as it comes back , I 'm ordering another . We use this in our dental office for our employees , and although it was inexpensive , it was still too costly for the length of time it performed . It did n't make ice as quickly as the Haier did .
 In the past 12 months I purchased an EdgeStar IP210 Ice Maker.After 3 weeks of use I had to send it back and was out for a couple of weeks.The company sent me a new machine , I used it for 11 months as per instructions and it quit.The company sent me different tests than what were in the instruction manual . Their trouble shooting tips did not work either.The company said I could get a Technician to repair the unit or send it too them at my expense and they would fix it . At my expense . I had a different unit and the repair for the unit was three times what I paid for the unit.I guess you get what you pay for .
 I have had three of this model ice maker . When this ice machine is n't broken it does one bang up job . After a year though the plastic piece at the top of the unit that moves gets a crack and the thing stops working . Like I said I have had 3 and they all broke in the same place . I also gave 2 as gifts and they broke in the exact same place . This time I am going to see if a small appliance man can glue it back together . It is such a shame that it is defective because when it works it is great .
 We bought this machine and were very excited to have ice on our boat ! It worked perfectly ! It was so nice to have ice right on the counter top rather than having to dig through the freezer . About 2 months went by and we were showing all our friends how wonderful our new ice machine was ! I 'm afraid some of them may have bought one because of us ! After 2 months it started making tiny little ice cubes . We turned it off then on again and the first batch of cubes was normal but on the following cycles the tray would n't fill properly and the cubes were just tiny little nubs . We called the manufacturer and they were very nice and sent us a new circuit board for free . I installed it and the machine worked fine for about 2 months again . Then the same thing happened . I called again . Got another circuit board . Put it in and it worked fine ... . then the water tray broke at the pivot point where the little motor attaches . It would n't even come up far enough to make the machine try to make ice . So I took it apart and glued it back together . That fixed the problem and we were happy to have ice again ! This time after only 1 week it started making tiny little cubes again . I give up . Now , after reading some of the other reviews , I 'm not going to be buying another one . It 's so hard to take apart and replace the circuit board I 'm not going to do it again even if they send me yet another one for free . Do n't buy this product . And if you look closely , most of the other brands are actually the same machine . Just a different name on the front .
 This is the 2nd ice maker I bought from COMPACT APPLIANCE . The first one lasted about 2 years using it everyday . I was very happy with it so I bought a different brand . This one has never worked . All I get is a chemical taste and smell from the ice . I can not use the ice cubes in anything with out the taste and smell.I wrote COMPACT APPLIANCE and they do n't even have the courtesy to respond . That was over 2 weeks ago . I explained to them that I am mostly homebound andam not able to take this to be boxed up and returned . I just want to know what to do about this situation.I know things happe ... but , this was no vault of my mine and I believe the ice maker is defective.If you can help me with this problem I would greatly appreciate it . This is thefirst time I have had problems of this nature with anything I have ordered from Amazon.com . With the exception of a couple of things lost in transit.Your co-operation in this matter would be greatly appreciated.Marcia Perguidi
 This device concept is excellent . However , the designers could have made it easier to clean when mold began to grow ! Yes , mold grew even though we used bottled/purified water ! Along with the mold issues we encountered , the system never really made good cubes . They were always soft , and melted qiuckly .
 We bought 3 of these for all our offices . They make ice much slower than they claim to , and now after a little less than a year they all stopped making ice altogether . The fan seems to still run , but it 's just not making anything on the prongs , as if its not getting cold .
 We received this unit for Christmas about a year ago . My sister-in-law also received one . Hers went out in about 3 months . We assumed that it was because of the kids -LRB- blame it on the kids !!! -RRB- Last week our went out also , when I was figuring out what happened , hoping to fix it , it was the same problem as with my sisters . The tray that the ice is made in cracked at the hinge area . This caused the water to leak out , so there was not enough water to make the ice . One accurance is a problem , two is a product defect . Now we have no ice and a looking for another unit . My advice is to pass by this unit , there are others out there .
 We ordered the ice maker for our RV . Be aware you need to add 5 '' to the dimensions to allow for air circulation . It took three days of vinegar and lemon juice to get the plastic smell out of the ice . The unit will display ice full when it has one ice cube sitting on the full sensor . if you want to use it and have limited space , this is not the best choice ...
 We were given a new Edgestar ice maker and it NEVER WORKED . Their `` Customer Service '' gave us the wrong return address and then said it was lost ! No refund , no replacement -- just a bad product with worse customer support .
 When it actually works it 's fine , but it will break at least once per year . The ice case in these are defective and crack at the hinge , when this happens no ice is produced . Customer service will not help you if the product is out of the 1 year warranty , even though their product is faulty .
 Ice maker works fine . Very poor instructions on drain plug . A little insert that you think is part of packing is part of the drain plug . I threw it away . My bad.Ice maker leaked every time we used it . Customer service would not send a new one for free . They wanted $ 18.00 . I cut off the end of a golf tee to stop the leak . Works leak free now .
 if you buy this piece of junk or anything that looks like it you win the `` fool of the year '' award . i bought three , the first two didnt work out of the box and the third ran less that 2 months . then try to get service , it doesnt exist . most of these are made by the same manufacturer with different names . DONT BUY IT !!!!
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my fiancee . It is only 30 days later and already it quit working . ; - -LRB-
 I was looking forward to owning this item . Big hard shell bag was too cumbersome for trunk and travel . Major disappointment when product arrived . Locks are terrible . You can not have any confidence using this bag . I will consider it in the future if they improve the locks .
 Has 4 locks in which where it locks into failed -LRB- plastic cracked/tore -RRB- My guess is that it was caused when the TSA inspected -LRB- they are not bright enough to figure how to open it -RRB- Have pro staff bag -LRB- fits wonderfully -RRB- but now the bag does not lock properly and when bag comes out - a lock or two are open and your hoping that you did not lose something . Bag going in garbage and buying SKB 1649W it says TSA approved - hoping that means they know how to open the lock and they do n't destroy the new carry bag as well .
 Took the item out of the box and noticed that I would have to remove the seat to install the pad . Once I installed the pad it was not as comfortable as I had anticipated . I embarked on a trip thinking the pad would relieve my ` Monkey Butt ' experience but the pad was uncomfortable at times . The gel in the pad would shift to one side causing the uncomfortable ride . After 4500 miles of traveling on a day to day trip of 14,200 miles in total . I removed the Pad and discarded it . The remaining trip was not as uncomfortable as I thought it would be since the MC seat was comfortable in itself . I would probably recommend this for short trips but not for long trips as it was intended .
 This item REALLY REALLY stinks . its the worst product i have ever purchased . they call it a thigh cuff , but in reality its an ankle cuff . you should probably stay away from all their products . Terrible customer service as well .
 The chain is too thick for the lock to close . So it is useless , you need a larger lock with this chain .
 I commute 150 + miles a week and have been using these tires for a few months - a few months too long . Although these tires are relatively soft and light providing a good feel and roll on the road , they also have a built in tractor beam for debris . The soft tread picks up sharp objects which then progress through the tire during use . The lack of casing to the tire provides little resistance to punctures . What started as a small cut from a chard of glass , ended up as a gaping hole that allowed the tube to bubble out and deflate instantly . Averaging 1-2 punctures a week is not acceptable , so it 's in the recycling bin for these.If your a weekend warrior and want a good feeling cheap tire - these are a good choice . If you on the road a lot and want a reliable tire - I do not recommend these tires .
 I live in Arizona and usually ride from 75 to 125 miles weekly . 2 of the guys that ride w / me recommended these , saw the price here -LRB- Amazon -RRB- went for it and got them . First couple ride was really nice quite fast tires for been quite smooth , I was really happy and impressed , really enjoyed those rides -LRB- the reason I gave 2 stars -RRB- . Unfortunately , got 3 flats on my last 3 rides . Do n't know if its just bad luck or what cause my friends state that that has n't happen to them , but I just ca n't put up with having a flat every time I go for a ride :-LRB- !!!
 What I got was nothing like the one shown in the picture . The picture shows the Swiss pocket knife with a blade , scissors , file , memory card , etc. . I got one with just the memory card . : -LRB-
 I had the exact same problem as another reviewer . Ordered this for Christmas , the description clearly states it 's a memory card with knife , file and scissors and all I received was the memory card only model . It 's obviously too late to get an exchange by Christmas ! : \
 To my disappointment , this USB pocket knife arrived without the scissors/knife/etc . , JUST the USB key . It 's called the `` Flight '' version of the piece . Ridiculous !! Get it together , Amazon !
 This was just a USB not a knife . Returned it . Wrote Amazon about this because it seems it is more than a mistake as it happens often according to reviews . This was not a Victornox knife but a cheap shell of plastic . I will see how Amazon responds and give an update .
 It looked like such a great item at the time , but less than two months after the purchase , the memory key stopped working . Perhaps I got a dud product , but I thought people should be warned about the unreliability of this product . No value can be placed on the hours of work and amount of data that was lost .
 The design that combines a hard top with a nylon bottom is great . That being said , like the others , my pull handle broke off after only a few trips . In addition , the hard top separated away from the nylon bottom in several places , and I have spent $ $ $ having it repaired to the point where I have spent more on repairs than the bag costs . It 's a great bag for casual travel in the SUV . Try a different bag for heavy duty air travel .
 Used this bag on 2 trips , one to Florida , and a second trip to China . On the return portion of the 2nd trip the top strap broke -LRB- handling by US Airways -RRB- . Because of the hard top , this trap is riveted whereas straps attached to the other part of the bag are sewn . The riveted area is a weak point since the rivet actually cuts portions of the strap , and in just 2 trips it has broken . Since this top strap is the one used to pull the bag while rolling it along on the wheels , having a torn strap effectively eliminate use of the wheels and you are left with a heavy bag full of heavy golf equipment to carry ... not a good solution .
 I completely agree with the comment regarding durability . Same thing happened to my T-10
 I bought this product about 6 years ago for a trip to Ireland . My clubs fit fine and the bag worked well . I 've used it on two other occasions since then . Most recently , this past weekend . I planned to end a few days of business travel with golf in South Bend , Indiana -LRB- and and ND-Stanford game -RRB- before I head back home to NJ.That means I had to wheel my clubs around a few airports . About halfway through , the top strap broke . The fabric just ripped out of the metal rivets that secure the strap to the hard cover . Do you know what it 's like to travel after that happens ? You 're miserable . I had to run down to the hotel concierge , obtain a few yards of twine , and jerry-rig the twine around the remaining straps and around the bag . I would n't suggest that - you 're hands will hurt . I wound up tipping every hotel and airport guy I could find so I could navigate my trip instead of hugging a 5 ' bag -LRB- more like wrestling -RRB- . I just got off the phone with the customer service department of `` Dynamic Brands '' . Nothing they can do . They 're citing the one year warranty . Does a one year warranty really mean anything here ? I 've used it 3 times . No , wait . They can do something . They can give me a discount on a new bag ... . The thought of using something 3 times and then throwing it out is not a moral option for me . From there he suggested a home remedy like epoxy or something . I cringe to be in the situation like the other gentleman that brewed up a solution with nuts and bolts . I used to like tinkering in my garage , but no more ... I 'd rather be playing golf.What I want to hear is ... `` Yes , sir . We 've heard that some customers have had issues like this before . We 'll ship a repair kit out to your house right away . What 's your mailing address ? I 'm happy to overnight it ... `` That did n't happen.Poor design backed up by bad customer service ...
 The cover was too small to accommodate a normal cart-sized bag holding 14 clubs . After struggling with it for 15 minutes I returned the product to Amazon which was quite easy .
 Nice bag but I gave it 2 stars because it is not the bag shown in the picture.This bag does not have the drop down side pannier.Don ' t be mislead by the picture as I was !
 I am sure the bag is of decent quality - but BEWARE
 This bag looks good , but that 's about it . I used it for daily commuting and it collapsed within weeks . There is no inside frame so it can not sustain any weight before it compresses . The bag then sags over the bag and almost touches the rear wheel . It is not waterproof and contents get wet even in light rain . If you are looking for a panier pack I would recommend going for the true thing and not this pretty wannabe .
 I purchased this for my daily use , since I need a place to put my keys -LRB- a big bunch -RRB- and my wallet.The layout is good - a front pocket and a main pocket , however , I hope it will have one more small pocket on the back . The size is a little large for everyday carry on.The main complaint is that the quality is not good . The binder ring for the belt became so loose after few days and the belt would dangle around your waist easily . I will return this to Amazon for sure.I had a eagle creek waist pack and it lasted for three years - much better quality control .
 This item is very small . Not large enough for what I intended to use it for . It 's dimensions are misleading .
 The belt on this item is small compared to others I have used and the clips are hard to fasten and cheap . You constantly have to re-adjust it as it always loosens up after a few days . The pouch itself is just fine , it 's the belt and clip that make it a piece of junk . Look for another brand !
 The chain was cut using bolt-cutters in broad daylight on a busy street ; this is no security whatsoever . I had two bikes locked to a street bike rack using the 5019 . I bought the lock because of its reputation and the associated warranty -LRB- theoretically up to $ 3001 US -RRB- . The support from the distributor -LRB- Todson Inc. / OnGuard Locks USA -RRB- has been appalling ! - It took four months and many , many calls -LRB- eliciting weak excuses for inactivity -RRB- before they came back with a cash offer of $ 750 - for a bike orginally discounted from $ 1800 to $ 1500 - that is less than 1 year old and in perfect condition . The second bike , although not stated in the warranty registration , is not covered at all because it is `` a second bike attached to the same lock '' . - In summary , the warranty is not worth the paper it is written on .
 This is the first review I have ever written on Amazon , so that should tell you how much I hate this lock . I bought this lock from a local bike shop about three months ago , and it has given me constant problems ever since.During a period of cooler weather -LRB- in the 50s -RRB- the lock became damn near impossible to turn . I actually rubbed a little skin off of my thumb because I was pressing on the key so hard . It warmed up a bit which made the lock easier to turn , but now I have a more serious problem with it . The lock turns fine , but I can no longer separate the locking cylinder from the U-bar portion , which means that something must be screwed up in the actual locking cylinder . And in case you 're wondering , no , absolutely no physical damage was suffered by the lock.I now have to ship the lock to the company . They informed me that even if they find something wrong with it , they will not pay for shipping costs there . So basically I have to pay to ship a defective product -LRB- weighs about 10 lbs . -RRB- to the company with no guarantee that they 'll actually do anything and if they do do anything no idea how it will take . Judging by some of the other reviews , I might have something to worry about there.In short , do n't buy this lock as it is a horribly defective product .
 The lock has worked so far . It feels heavy and strong , and the bike I 've had locked up with it has n't been stolen so far.Their anti-theft guarantee is terrible . It 's nearly fraudulent , and it 's worth avoiding the lock because the company clearly does n't stand behind their product . To register for the anti-theft guarantee , you have to pay - $ 1 for a year , $ 10 for 2 years , and $ 15 for 3 years . So , after paying for a lock that boasts an anti-theft guarantee , you have to pay for the insurance . It 's not far from a protection racket.Say what you will about the lock - the company relies on deceptive practices . If this is how they sell their lock , how good will their service be if your bike gets stolen ? Read the other reviews of people who have had to deal with it - the company will not do what 's right .
 ok , so i purchased this bike lock because of it 's security rating and warranty because i had a very expensive bike . HAD being the key word.i went inside a store for no more than 15 minutes and when i came out , the bike was gone . the chain was still there on the rack . had been cut with bolt cutters.called on the warranty and had to send the chain in . then i had to send in all my bike info including original purchase receipt.all in all i was on to phone with ONGAURD for what seemed like hours , day after day for 2-3 weeks before i got aproximately 75 % of my bike 's purchase price . and i had only had the bike 3 months .
 Firstly , this pack is super small . It claims to be a good camera bag but it 's not big enough for an SLR with lens attached . It 's not even big enough to hold a standard sized U-lock . Secondly , the product description claims it will mount to non-Topeak racks , but there was no way to mount it to my Blackburn mountain rack . I 'll keep looking .
 I wanted a watch with the following features :1 . Women 's sized analog watch2 . Alarm3 . Night lightAppearance
 I thought this would be good-quality since it was not inexpensive . The design is cool but do n't expect a plush , absorbent towel .
 1 - To use rubber straps you have to completely destroy the elastic ones , because they are permanently attached to the headlamp base .2 - The plastic notch that is holding the lamp in the tilted position is flimsy .3 - No instructions.Does not justify the price , I am very disappointed.Edit
 While the visual styling of the pack is nice , there are a few features that do n't function as well . The waist strap is a little too thin for comfort . The elastic bands to adjust the length of the waist band do n't stay in place and almost every time you take the pack on or off you must readjust it . The water bottle holder is too short and if you shift your weight sharply or bend over , the bottle falls out . I had to attach the bottle cap strap to the top handle of the pack with a carabiner to compensate . When full , the water bottle holder unbalances the pack to one side , which is a little annoying for longer walks . I would n't recommend the product .
 The headline says it all . The actual chain is made from heavy duty construction and it 's very long and easy to chain up . But the second time I used it , my bike was stolen in a pretty residential area in less than an hour . Both the lock and the bike were gone , so I have to assume they picked the lock .
 My original bow roller was worn after 6 years . I replaced it with this Tie Down bow roller and it is almost worn as much as my original , and it is only a month or two old .
 Dimensions of this roller are less than advertised . a bit skimpy in size but roller roller material is non marking . would not buy it again and get full size 3 inch roller .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 I bought this hat because I love the steelers . I never thought that someone could be so cheap as to glue a sticker on a hat and charge 30 dollars for it . I am totally dissapointed in Reebok and the NFL for letting a product like this get out . I would have gladly waited and extra few days or even a month to get a quality embroidered product like the one I got at WALMART just a few days ago for half the price
 This bag is too small . You can get as much in a big under-seat bag for far less than this bag and the rack system .
 This bag is high quality and had nice features . However , I was looking for a medium capacity trunk bag that was smaller than the typical bags available , and this looked perfect . Once it arrived I unfortunately discovered that the foam insulated walls take up a lot of space , leaving an interior barely larger than a large seat post bag . In addition , the bag is heavier than typical because of the thick plastic connector on the bottom that locks it to the rack . The combo weight of the bag plus rack is almost 3 pounds more than a comparable seat post bag.I returned the bag and rack , and bought a `` Detours - Hightail ULP '' bag . It weighs 1 pound less than the Topeak bag/rack combo , and has the medium capacity I was looking for . I love it . I bought it at eBags for less than the Amazon price , but it was supposedly on sale .
 I originally ordered this bag because we had purchased the MTX DXP bag and loved it . Because we do n't need such a large bag all the time , we thought that this nice , small , road bag would work for other times , carrying more than the seat wedge , but still a nice small size . We were wrong ; it carries about the same amount as the Trek 120 seat wedge and takes up more room . We decided to go for the larger Topeak RX Trunk Bag with Side Pannier -- it 's great -LRB- and add to that , we found it here on Amazon for half the price ! -RRB- If you are thinking about ordering this bag -- order the Topeak RX with Pannier instead ! You 'll be much happier with your choice .
 I believe that this is the first item I have ever returned to Amazon . Looking at a few of the more positive reviews , I can only imagine that those who mention packing clothing or shoes in this bag must be super-petite . I could n't get a decent-sized lunch in this bag , let alone any clothing-okay , maybe a case for my glasses . I 've had middling-sized handlebar bags that were more useful . The MTX bag is bigger , but still hardly worth it . Skip this item .
 Bolt-cutters cut large , solid , metal bars with jaws up to 7/8 '' . So they should cut , a 7/8 '' security cable with a 1/16 '' cover or 25mm cable.Cables are made with fine wires with a lot of space between the wires . So they crush and flatten and are very easy to cut . A 1.25 '' cable or 32mm cable that is 16 '' long , could weigh as much as a small U-bar lock , which is a lot stronger.Cutting a grove into a large cable with a hack-saw , may allow bolt-cutters to finsh the job fast.THE 5006 PITBULL MINI IS A GREAT LOCK!Armered cable-locks are a scam , junk and a rip-off . Security chain melted into u-bar will more then double material to cut .
 The first time I used this lock someone cut the lock and stole my bike . It was iRight in front of a restaurant with a door man who constantly stood 5 feet away . Therefore , it ca n't be too hard to inconspicuously cut the lock .
 I was unable to unlock this lock after one year of use . I was careful not to get the lock wet . It is fairly bulky and heavy , which may make it resistant to thieves . By comparison , my previous bike lock from Krypto lasted 18 years .
 I 've had two of these locks . After about a year , the locking mechanism breaks . I 'll remember this almost as much as I 'll remember the miles I had to walk home with a bike locked up elsewhere .
 I had my brand new bike locked up with one of these . The first day I had the bike , and it was stolen . And yes , it was locked the right way . Through the fork , wheel , frame , and bike rack.I do n't know how they did it . They took the lock with them . But now I 'm out several hundred dollars until I can work out a deal with OnGuard.I would recommend spending the extra money and buying the absolute best lock you can .
 I have worn these about 4-5 times and there is a hole in one seam already . I 'm not impressed .
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 There are two considerations for front-mounting baskets like this
 I do n't know what they were thinking . The bracket attaches to the handle bars , but there is no third point of attachment , so it forms a pivot or hinge . Even if you screw it down tight it will still sag until it hits your front wheel or fender . I am going to put something between the stem and the back of the basket to keep this from happening , but you would think they could have figured this out themselves.The basket itself is nice and the quick release is well engineered . But given the choice , I would not have bought it after watching it slowing sag away ...
 i was totally excited for the large size & small mesh of the basket , but the thing was off of my bike within a week . it lost a screw , which made the basket slide down & hit my tire.the assembly instructions were nonsensical -LRB- pictures only -RRB- & the unit as a whole is not sturdy enough to handle it 's own size.i am now sans-basket . again .
 This product failed the first time I used it . It threw all my groceries out of the basket , and if I had n't used a bungie cord , they would have gone into the street . The connection device is poorly engineered , and now it holds my bicycle laundry , gloves , hats , and helmet .
 I have owned this basket for two years . It is very stylish and has a powered epoxy finish to prevent corrosion . It attaches to the handlebars but I needed to provide additional support underneath to carry groceries without the basket wobbling precariously . Even with this additional support , the bracket containing the handlebar grips eventually separated from the basket . The metal mesh literally ripped apart from the mounting bracket . I do not use this basket for decoration or carrying light loads as I use my bike for much of my shopping . Anyone wanting a front basket for such utilitarian use should consider a basket that has , besides handlebar grips , strut supports attaching to the front wheel axle , such as some of the Wald models . Such baskets do not lift off , a feature not required in any case if you use a shopping bag , but they are much less likely to break when carrying a couple quarts of milk and a five pound bag of flour over the bumps and ruts .
 I have other Topeak products that are of high quality , but this went into the trash after numerous attempts to properly mount it . Followed all instructions but the flimsy little cable that is supposed to hold the basket from sliding down does n't work . First , it slips a lot . When you tighten it , it easily frays from the holding screw . Finally , just when you think you got it positioned and tightened properly , the stub on the other end goes through the weak plastic hole in the bracket that is supposed to hold it -LRB- metal being held by a plastic retainer = bad idea -RRB- . So we called Topeak and got a new wire sent to us . Same problem within 10 minutes . I suppose the basket works great if you keep it empty . We gave up and threw this piece of garbage out .
 I wish I ` ld seen the reviews before I bought it . Mine does n't sag but only because I noticed the incipient problems and put washers behind all the screws before they tore through . Even with that , its unbelievably bouncy . It really needs a second mount point . Engineering one now .
 This basket actually worked very well for me for two years , UNTIL the wire mesh of the basket wore through where it is attached and the whole basket fell off while I was riding , almost causing a nasty spill . The basket always did have a lot of movement and tipping to it , but was still functional until this happened ! I dont ' think I 'd buy another basket from this company again .
 I bought this basket after having it recommended at a local bike shop ... `` can it transport a gallon of milk ? '' I asked ... `` Sure . '' Not at all ... the plastic mount is not sufficient to hold the basket without drooping . This basket is not useful for groceries or any other items with any weight at all . Do not buy .
 I agree with previous reviewer about difficulty of getting the basket firmly mounted to the handlebars so that it is secure and does n't move . With a lot of effort , though , I was able to do that . The problem I had , and the reason why I now need to buy a new basket , is that the basket can not handle much weight . After a year 's use where I have put books and other objects that are not super heavy but not light either , the basket has become unwelded to the bracket and thus completely unusable .
 the good
 The previous reviewer put it best and I 'm just affirming that that was also my experience . Without a third point of attachment , ie . something from UNDERNEATH , the basket simply bounces itself to pieces . Even a few grocery items , ie 3 grapefruits , is too much for this basket to handle . Once you 're moving it starts bouncing madly , the joint is stressed and can break , and then basket itself begins to tear around the attachment point -LRB- the latter is what happened to me -RRB- . Mine lasted only a handful of rides . It 's odd to me that none of the removable basket designs I 've come across have come upon the simple idea of support from UNDERNEATH , ie . bracing the basket against the front post as well as the handlebars , with some adjustable length brace to account for different handlebar types and positions.Also , very importantly , you should know that it 's not really totally removable . You have to keep this big ugly attachment clamp permanently on your handlebars -LRB- it 's a pain to install and uninstall -RRB- . If you 're like me and you commute during the week by bike and then sometimes want to go for a longer Saturday ride , but you do n't want the extra junk affixed to your bike . Why not attach the basket to the bike itself , rather then to this flimsy clamp . It would be much more solid.The closest shot I 've seen to a truly removable basket that has support from underneath is the Wald 3133 Q-R Bolt-On Front Handlebar Bike Basket and its related different sizes . But the two problems with these are that 1 -RRB- . the attachement point to the handlebars is a fixed size -LRB- not adjustable -RRB- and will only fit very thin handlebars . I do n't know of many bikes with handlebars that thin . What were the designers thinking ? Worse is 2 -RRB- . there is no securing mechanism at all -LRB- not even a simple velcro strap or clamp -RRB- . Yes a velcro strap would make it slightly less removable -- one would have to pull the strap in order to remove the basket -- but most people would be happy to take the extra 1 second rather than face the basket bouncing off the bicycle while flying at full speed , ending up under your tire and nearly knocking you off your bike into fast-moving traffic , which is what happened to me ! I should have thought to go to the hardware store and buy some velcro strapping . Too late now , the baskets destroyed . I 'm glad I 'm still alive . It 's dismaying to me how poorly conceived all of the designs are . With more and more people bicycling to work and to run errands every day , I 'm surprised there is n't a huge demand for a sturdy basket that you can take off easily and completely whenever you want , but that will stay on solidly when you want it to .
 My cousin gave this to me three years ago , but before installing it my bike was stolen . Fast forward three years and I eagerly install this basket on my brand new Bianchi Cortina . With nothing other than my six pound purse inside , the basket sagged disappointingly . When I arrived at my destination -LRB- a 3-mile ride to the dentist -RRB- I noticed that the sagging basket had ground a groove into the frame of my brand new bike . I am disgusted with this product , especially given the high price and Topeak 's stellar reputation .
 Despite the fact that it claims to be designed for infants , I would encourage parents out there to consider other helmets before this one . First of all , if you 're planning on taking your little one in a trailer , the slight protrusion in the rear of the helmet will affect your child 's ability to comfortably turn his/her head . Our one-year old gets especially perturbed that it 's hard for her to tilt her head back to take a drink of water.Second , the `` Pinchguard '' buckle which seems to be standard on all helmets nowadays , is not all it 's cracked up to be . Our baby has a slight double chin -LRB- yes , she 's adorable -RRB- and let 's just say that it 's not the easiest thing in the world to safely and quickly strap the helmet on . I * have * in fact accidentally pinched her with it once before , which upset us both , and made for a much less pleasant outing . You would think that helmet manufacturers would have figured out that babies are chubby and not happy to be manhandled and thus it would make the entire helmet-donning procedure simpler to put the buckle on the side of the infant 's face where it could be accessed more easily.Anyway , the Boomerang seems very safe , but has caused us a bit of annoyance and we 'll probably look into replacing it soon after just a couple months of use . There 's another $ 30 down the drain .
 I do not recommend this seller . I never got the helmet and I emailed her asking about the product but she never replied back . Amazon gave me my money back
 I purchased this matt to protect my laminate flooring from the weight of my heavy elliptical exercise machine . Unfortunetly , the matt is not thick and compresses to paper thin under the weight of the elliptical . I would not recommend this to anyone with anything more than very light exercise equipment .
 This mat is too thin and weak for my needs . It split under the weight of my treadmill where the rear left foot sits . This caused a tear that went about 8 inches to the end of the matt . I will be looking for another more sturdy mat , even if it costs more .
 Product looks like it will do the job , just caution anyone with sensitivity to smells to think twice . We have had this mat hanging outside for 4 days now and it still reeks .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 I bought this product based on the good reviews of the other customers but I think this strap is 1 -RRB- too long - longer is not necessarily better and 2 -RRB- does not hold as tight as it should be in the ring area - because the buckles are too wide.I think there are other better products out there so my advice is to do more research .
 I bought 2 of these watches -LRB- special edition with rose tree dial -RRB- - one for myself , one for my dad . The seconds handle fell off on one of the watches after just a year of use . The other watch constantly runs behind - you set it to the correct time , you wake up in the morning and it is 30 mins behind , you reset it , wait a couple more days and same story happens all over again . For a $ 135 watch those sorts of mechanical issues are not acceptable .
 Nice pants for the price . Not really for serious yoga , a bit too much cotton for moisture absorption . But What On Earth are they thinking with the length ! I am 5 ' 8 '' and I could stand on the leggings and the end of the pants reached beyond my toes ! And it is not because I have short legs , I got pretty long walkers , but not this long . Unless you are 6 feet tall , with legs of a dancer , I would not try these on ... Oh and btw they do not run small , a medium turned out to be too large !
 Ordered a totally different item , one with plain red no stripes , except those on the shuolder , and a white logo , and i received this , probably best avoided . .
 The first thing i noticed was that the posts are too short , so once you pound them into the ground far enough to hold you will only have about a foot of post above the surface of the pit . -LRB- Regulation , which is included in this set , calls for 24 inches of post above surface . -RRB- During the SECOND GAME played with this set , I noticed that the colored coating was wearing off and there were several dents in the shoes themselves . This set is terrible and not worth $ 5 , let alone $ 40 . DO NOT waste your money on this .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 Faulty Seal n Flate.Purchased from UK on-line cycle retailer in 2006 . On depressing the plunger the foam released under/around the plunger rather than through the flexible hose . Foam sprayed into my eyes and mouth during this event . Thus this device unit was unsafe.Returned for to maker for quality checking and follow up action as appropriate . I never heard back from them , although they may never have recieved it . Either way I would avoid this product .
 The picture of the ball markers package clearly states that 24 ball markers are enclosed . The package I received does n't indicate the number of ball markers , but it only contained 12 . Buy this product only if you do n't mind paying for 24 and only receiving 12 . What a rip-off .
 Are you kidding ? Only received 12 markers for over $ 5 , and they are quarter sized . that means I paid over 40 cents each , next time I 'll use quarters to mark my ball , or better yet dimes , which are thinner and one fourth the price . Worst purchase I have made in years .
 I have had issues with these bags :1 -RRB- I have thought I have sealed these bags , only to find they were n't sealed when I came back to them . The seal on these may be more water tight when closed properly and not agitated , but the seal seems surprisingly flimsy , it comes open much more easily than a standard sandwich bag , and it 's a little difficult to tell if they are sealed properly .2 -RRB- I had one bag come completely apart at a seam near the ziploc , after just a couple of uses . I 'm not sure why these bags even have the extra seam there , but it made me feel really insecure about trusting these bags -LRB- not to mention , the bag no longer worked after just a couple of uses -RRB- . Pulling the bag open puts stress on this seam .3 -RRB- Overall , with the 200ft depth rating , I really expected these bags to seem more heavy duty and secure . All-in-all , I feel safer putting stuff in two ziploc baggies -LRB- bag inside a bag -RRB- than I feel using these dry bags . Maybe I 'm fooling myself , but that 's my impression after using these bags and also using standard freezer baggies , etc. -LRB- which feel much more substantial than these bags -RRB- . Note that I have not actually done comparative testing to see which hold out water better . Sorry , I wanted to like these bags ...
 I ordered a three pack of the 9X6 and 5X7 in August 2012 . One of each in use since August have failed where the fasten strip has separated from the bags -LRB- inside -RRB- . I expect better for the price you pay for these Talked to support and they suggested that they replace on defect and not wear and tear . I used the small one for a phone opening on a regular basis and the larger for a camera used seldom on hikes when raining . I could pursue a replacement for defect . I guess I will write this off as a poor purchase .
 Airtight - yes.Durable - yes.Dirt / sand proof - yes.Fuses -LRB- i.e. , insides stick together and are inseparable at temp 100 F and above and can not be separated -RRB- - yes.Problem is - these bags will fuse at higher -LRB- though not uncommon temps -RRB- . If you 're using this for storage of valuables/electronics beware as you may put in luggage , luggage sits on the tarmac -LRB- i.e. , at over 100 F -RRB- and all your stuff will no longer be bagged , but shrink wrapped ! You 'll have fun peeling / cutting off your stuff.Good news - even though the bags were ruined - all equipment stayed dry .
 i bought these to use in the local water park . i used the bags last week and one out of two of them failed . it had two small punctures in the bag but only had my wallet inside and nothing else in my pocket . today i tried using just a zip lock bag with one of the aloksak bags inside it and the ziplock never leaked . but i can buy about 40 ziplock bags for the same price as one of these aloksak bags . NOT WORTH THE MONEY ! you can just double bag a ziplock bag and it will work way better and way cheaper .
 These bags are just like Ziploc bags . In fact , I see no difference . Even the press to seal seam at the top is just like a Ziploc and does n't appear to be more heavy-duty . Thickness of bag the same too , as far as I can tell . Since I 'm not diving with it , I just needed to keep sand/moisture off of items , I could have used a Ziploc and had the same amount of protection . If you truly need a waterproof bag , save your money and buy a thick bag with a heavy-duty closure .
 I ordered these since i wanted various size water tight bags for various gear and come to find that they barley qualify for a little more than ziplock bags from a super market.granted , they are a bit thicker than a super market ziplock bag , but i would n't trust them either . i am going to stick to the sealine cases which are not only water tight but also waaaaaay thicker plastic and are far more durable . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought these bags all excited that I could read my Kindle without having to worry about getting it wet in the Hot Tub or on the beach . No such luck ! The bag recommended for the Kindle is the 9 `` x6 '' . These are outside measurements as it turns out . You can put the Kindle in , but you will never get it closed . Very disappointing ! So for now I am back to using the Ziploc baggies !!! Kindle Wireless Reading Device -LRB- 6 '' Display , Global Wireless , Latest Generation -RRB-
 These bags say 6x9 but that is far below the interior space afforded . Do n't buy them and do n't try to return them . A busy person only gets 30 days and then they are screwed .
 Hoping to be comfortable taking my Amazon Kindle poolside , I got these bags -LRB- 9 X 6 -RRB- before vacation . Since the Kindle measures only 5 3/8 inches by 8 1/4 , it should fit.Wrong . These bags measure only 5 1/4 by 8 3/4 inside the zipper.They do a great job keeping out the water , just do n't plan on putting something that is 6X9 into them .
 I have car which only has electronic door keys - no valet key . I bought these bags to take my electronic key swimming . The bag has filled with water two out of three swims now , and I also found my key can survive a dunking . I 'm GLAD I did n't have my cell phone it!Today I double bagged my key . First bag filled with water but second bag was OK . Still , I ca n't trust it for my cell phone.I purchased from the Waterproof Store and also bought an expensive waterproof duffle bag for my cameras and computers for use island hopping in the missions field.I am hopeful it performs better .
 I bought these directly from the Loksak website where they even have a note saying `` NEW ! Recommended on the Amazon blog to protect the Kindle reading device . '' Apparently not the 6x9 . The INSIDE width of the 6x9 bag is only 5.25 inches ; there 's a 3/4 inch edge outside the zipper . The 5 3/8 Kindle 2 wo n't fit . When I emailed the customer service department saying I thought the product is misrepresented I got a rather terse reply saying it was my fault I had ordered the wrong size . I called to speak to the CS supervisor who got quite nasty with me . I paid just under $ 6.00 for shipping , and unless I pay to ship them back I 'm out of luck . Not at all a pleasant company to deal with .
 First off , when you take these bags out of the package you do have to admit they seem solidly built . I will give them that . However , on to the bad news . On the package it says to check for leaks . Fine . I opened up the bag and put a wee bit of air in and sealed the bag . im pretty sure it was sealed because i snapped it all along the seal then ran my fingers down it like 15 times . anyway , i then put the bag in the water and voila ! it sealed the air in . no leaks . so then to the stress test . i pressed on the top of the bag towards the back end . no leaks . then i pressed on the back towards the front . POOF ! out went the air and in came the water . Fail . now this was not a little pansy push that i did . i put almost all of my body weight -LRB- 190 lbs -RRB- into this test . problem with these bags is that there is only one seal and it is below these stupid little flaps that cover them . so when you try to close the bag all you do is hit these flaps and crease them all to hell . you think youre sealing the bags but half the time youre just pressing and creasing the flaps . not acceptable . my advice , put another seal in and lose the flaps.As a seperate test i went and tested out a ziplock double lock freezer bag . sealed it the same way as the aloksak then put it in the water . total stress test with all of my body weight and i still couldnt get the bag to pop . it totally passed.so in a nutshell , if you have gear thats just going to sit there and not be compressed with other gear , or there wont be any type of rolling around or anything then take the aloksak . but if you are the type that has your gear all pressed up against other stuff and really taking a beating , id have to say that from the initial testing i gave of the aloksak id recommend using a ziplock.btw i gave the aloksak 2 stars to be nice . the 12x12 bags were the ones tested .
 4.5 x7 : Durability was the main issue . I used these bags to keep my small electronics and their sync and charging cables and plugs . Placed it in my backpack . During my travels through the Philippines in the monsoon season of hiking and jumping between different modes of transportation . Just after three days the bags have developed creases and scratches and some turned to cracks or torn.These bags may have been fine in a well packed suitcase . But in a backpack where everything is just thrown in and gets shaken about , it was a disappointment .16 x32 : Never got to use it on my trip . I wanted to keep my travel clothes in it . Neatly roll it up then pack it tight in my backpack after sealing it and that 's where I ran into the problem . The seal is along the 32 '' length of the bag and not the 16 '' side . I needed to roll the bag along the short side but the seal wont close after the roll and it kept popping open before I finish rolling . The maker should also state in the description atleast where the seal is placed on the large bags.Again this bag may have been fine in a suitcase that can accommodate a 32 '' item but I needed to pack this bag in to the bottom of my backpack that is 14 '' wide .
 These bags were not what I was hoping for and they have two features you should be aware of :1 -RRB- They are smaller than you think . I bought the 4x5 thinking I could store my 4.5 inch iPhone in one - it will not fit without bursting the seams .2 -RRB- They are not `` thick '' plastic . They are one step up from a freezer Ziplock bag.I 'm sure they are waterproof but they will not last much more than a Ziplock , maybe one backpacking trip as long as you put soft and rounded and small objects inside them .
 Would I buy them again ? Not likely . It 's not that the product itself is any less than what it promises to be but that 's just it - if you need a plastic baggie this is the expensive way to go . For a fraction of the cost just get a box of plastic zip top bags at the grocery or big box retailer . They say their zip enclosure is patented ? Does n't seem any different to me than the baggies that cost far far less . One thing on the plus side this bag does fit the iPhone 3G , 4 , 4S -LRB- but not 5 -RRB- quite well for keeping it splash resistant . It 's a bit too snug to fit the iPhone 5 inside and still be able to close the bag up . Using the touch screen while the phone is in the bag is easy and responsive .
 The lock totally fell apart and the key is unable to turn due to the corrosion .
 It comes with a strap , raincover and computer mount if you 're curious . I put about 40 miles on it so far with a fairly good load , lots of road bumps.Looking at the top bags available , the issues for me were a -RRB- spacing all the way around the -LRB- drop -RRB- handlebar , b -RRB- intelligent lay-out of pocket and space , c -RRB- holding shape over the long haul , and d -RRB- price.Some of the hand made bags run too close to the bars imo , no finger room - a huge negative . Others are caverns , not a good use of separate pockets . Others require a decauter to keep them upright . Many are over $ 100 . The Topeak bag is a good compromise , with the negatives being the mounting system is plastic -LRB- but metal screw channels -RRB- and the side pockets are not that useful unless you have wide drop bars.As an edit to this review
 This bag was way too expensive to be so darn flimsy . It comes with a security cable that is supposed to support the bag on the handle bars . I followed the instructions faithfully and tightened the cable as suggested . I did n't even have much stuff in it and the cable let go about halfway through my ride and the bag drooped . I had to re-do the entire installation and tighten the cable even more . I had to use plastic zip ties to secure it . The bag itself is fine , my issues it with the way it connects to the bike . Very flimsy . Do n't expect to put much more than a few pounds in this very large and expensive bag .
 This would be a fantastic comforter except the decal flakes off very easily . We got this at Christmas and by April the decal was peeling off .
 I have a so-so bike . With rips and scratches in many places . I locked my bike with this cable . It worked for 5 months . Then last Monday 11/10/08 , it happened . The thief came over to my bike , bent down and within 16 seconds , rode off my bike . I saw this on the surveillance tape . it would have taken me longer to unlock my own bike knowing the combination . So , in essence , yes , the thief wanted my bike . He was a professional and he has my bike .
 This happened the first time I used this lock . I chained the bike in front of a Best Buy and while I was inside -LRB- 10 min -RRB- , the bike got stolen . Very disappointed .
 My bicycle was stolen . The thief simply cut through the wire . It was in broad daylight and in a semi-crowded area . The lock 's cable was so cheap that the thief was able to easily cut through without anyone noticing . It will not protect your bicycle .
 while I was at work my bike was stolen while it was LOCKED using this bike lock . No , the criminal did n't figure out my combination , nor did I forget to lock it ; the thief took a tool and straight up cut it . It was clean cut ; does n't look like much effort was taken in wrangling the lock in two . Just a clean swipe and my bike was gone . I recommend something else . Anything else .
 This thing is a nice looking piece of junk . I set my combo and used it to lock 2 bikes to the bike rack on my car when I went on vacation . At our first stop , it worked just fine . But when we reached our final destination , the lock was somehow `` stuck '' and would not come open.We tried everything - we moved each digit of the combo up one and down one , we wiggled , we jiggled , we spun the tumblers and retried again and again , but it would not open . Something internally had gone wrong with the lock during the journey , and our bikes were now `` trapped '' on the car . As I did all of this , and the sun began to set , I was filled with a growing sense of dread that my vacation was gon na be ruined by some cheap crummy bike lock.After full desperation set in , I ended up cutting through the cable with a pair of snipers I borrowed off a stranger . Once I finally resolved to take this `` drastic step , '' however , it was surprisingly easy . Of course , this makes me wonder how much I was really protected by this thing in the first place.In the end , this $ 13 piece of crap almost ended up ruining my vacation - and the only thing that saved me was the fact that it 's not very good protection from theft in the first place . Bah .
 I have owned lots of bike locks in many many years of cycling and this one is the first one I have ever owned that actually failed in my hands . I bought it less than one year ago and when I was trying to lock it the last time , the end that sticks into the combination part broke off . That 's right , the metal cable that I relied on to keep my bike save simply broke in two . I would never buy another lock from Onguard ever .
 After just 2 weeks in use , the lock seems to have reset internally and can not be opened . No amount of jiggling , tugging , respinning the cartridge or trying numbers `` one off '' worked . Fortunately , it was very easy for campus security to cut the cable -LRB- as I guess a thief could -RRB- . Maybe it was too cold -- 30F tonight.A real waste of $ 15 .
 This blanket has the most toxic smell ever ! I am returning it immediately ! I am trying to research if it 's made of pvc but that information is not readily available .
 I had very high hopes for this blanket , despite the negative reviews about the awful toxic odor , because there were still so many other positive reviews here on Amazon and on other merchants ' sites , and I also really like the other JJ Cole Collections products . I thought perhaps I would have better luck , or that the odor would not be as bad as some of the reviewers made it out to be . But it was WORSE ! After opening the package , I immediately smelled the horrible toxic-plastic smell . It was completely overwhelming to the point that after I put the blanket back in its packaging and shipment box to return it , I still had the smell in my nose and throat ! Terrible ! I wish there were a way to give it just a half of a star for this so you could see that it 's been reviewed , but it does not even rate a full star . 0.5 / 5 = 10 % = very low F.
 This is more of a rubber mat with a fabric cover . I would not have called it a `` blanket '' if I 'd seen it in person first . I bought this to use both indoors and outdoors , but the rubber chemical smell is too strong to have inside the house or in my car . So it lives in the garage now , and I have yet to find anything to use it for . I did wash it twice , and the smell is reduced but still pretty strong . I do n't think it would bother me for a picnic on the grass outdoors , but it 's not acceptable otherwise.Would not buy this if I could do it over again .
 I just called the company to find out what the blanket is made of , and was told that it is 100 % Polyurethane exterior , and 100 % Polyester Fill.Polyurethane is a form of flexible plastic , which is a turn-off for me . I think I will go with the similar -LRB- slightly longer at 7ft . - 84 `` X54 '' -RRB- TUFFOblanket instead , which is 100 % Cotton on top and Nylon on the back , also water resistant . The fabric make-up may not bother somepeople , but one of the reviews said that the blanket off-gassed an icky smell , which prompted me to find out what it is made from.I gave it two stars because I was forced to give it something , and others seem pleased with it . I 'll take cotton/nylon though . : -RRB-
 In my experience this product has no use at all , unless you use it at a beach or some other extremely hot and dry environment.I does NOT keep your buttocks dry and warm . If you put it on the grass and the grass is cold or damp you will get cold and wet in no time . I would not let my baby use it , it is too risky . I would be better off getting a foam mat , like a yoga mat or similar , it would be much more useful . Even if I go to the beach , I will not take this as it would stick to the skin , a regular towel would be better . So sad I got fooled by all the good reviews .
 Delivery of the blanket was fast , I also liked the look of it . However the striped fabric started coming apart at the edge , where it is sewn to the grey border . The stitches are intact , but since the striped fabric has no firm edge , it is dissolving into single fibres . The padding is visible now . I will try to fix it using textile glue , but it is only a question of time , until the fabric will come off all around the border . Quite disappointing ! -LRB- I tried to upload a picture , but this did not work -RRB- .
 I was excited for this blanket as the reviews are great . I was extremely disappointed when I opened it and it had a HORRIBLE CHEMICAL ODOR ! I would NEVER allow my infant to roll around on this thing . It CA N'T be good for you !
 I bought this blanket based on other customer reviews , after a summer-long search for the perfect picnic blanket . While it is well made , reasonably priced , and much nicer looking than other blankets out there - it 's WAY too small . I take up the entire thing if I 'm lying down on it in the park . If another person is there , forget about it - half of our bodies are on the grass . I 'll probably use it at the beach if anything , and will keep it on hand as a spare blanket , but plan on looking for a larger one for next summer .
 The blanket has very strong plastic smell . I 've left it out on the balcony for 4 days , but I can still smell it . Hopefully the smell will eventually go away .
 This mat is just ok . Yes it folds nicely but I learned the hard way that this is NOT waterproof in any way . We went to the park and the grass was a little damp , after a few minutes I realized that my pants were all wet !!! I cant return it now so it will have to do for the beach or wherever its completely dry .
 If the colors are important to you , note that the Gray/Green color blanket , contrary to the zoom image , does not actually have any true gray fabric colors in it . The photos are so off it 's perplexing , let alone misleading . The solid outer fabric color is practically army green . For the inside lining , the darker stripes are n't dark gray in color , but chocolate brown and the lighter gray stripes are actually olive green . The orange is however orange .
 Not sure why this has gotten so many positive reviews . I ca n't imagine anyone would miss the horrible smell coming off this product . I have been trying to air mine out for a few weeks now and it still fills our entire spare room with a kerosene smell , this is after leaving it outside for a few days . I 'm afraid to put my baby on it . After all , her nose will be only a few inches above the gasses that are coming out of this thing . Very cheaply made , and another reviewer said it 's not even water proof . Do n't buy the hype - looks good in the pics but not in real life .
 I was seriously considering purchasing this blanket . but after reading the reviews about the chemical smell I called JJ Cole , the number listed on their website and asked about the smell . I was told that the smell is from the polyurethane , the chemical used to make the blanket water resistant and fir proof . I have read many articles suggesting the link between polyurethane and cancer . Babies and small children are especially prone to absorb this chemical amongst others due to their weaker immune systems and skin to body ratio . If you are concerned in the slightest to the research that is current on this chemical , do n't buy this blanket or any other water resistant or water proof blanket . Your are taking a risk . I would rather look for a wool , cotton blanket that might not be waterproof than to get this or any other that has polyurethane in it . It is a total bummer , but I think it is better for to error on the side of safety and forget about blankets like this one . Just one well informed parent of two wanting to share some information with you all :-RRB- .
 This `` blanket '' was not a blanket at all . It is definitely waterproof , but I would have liked to see that top of it be more comfortable . Also the gray/green blanket l
 I would prefer something I can put inside my diaper bag , it is a heavy blanket that takes up too much space in my opinion . Nice looking though . .
 This blanket is not 5 ' by 5 ' . Maybe diagonally , but I believe that type of measurement is reserved for televisions . This was a gift and I was going to buy another one for myself . I 'll keep looking .
 I really wanted to like this blanket , but it 's just too small . It 's 5 ` x5 ' which barely fits one adult and 1 child . I need something a little bigger so that 2 adults and a child/baby can fit comfortably . It 's a great color and the quality is good .
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 I find the Hugger Mugger yoga strap to be unpleasantly stiff and uncomfortable . It digs into my skin -LRB- unlike the `` barefoot '' ones used at my yoga studio -RRB- . If you prefer a softer strap you may want to avoid this one .
 This belt is too big for me and does n't synch tight . I can use it , but it is not one I would recommend to others .
 Buildwise this bag reminds me of a cheaper version of my SwissGear walmart 0 degree bag . Generic cheapy zippers , the fill was very thin and flat , the bag is roomy ... that 's about it . I just got back from a 3 day backcountry backpacking trip with 12 degree nights and I brought this bag and a good base layer . My friend and I traded off with this bag and the Eureka Kaycee . In the end we actually had to trade off in the middle of the night because she was shivering in this one -LRB- Wild Basin -RRB- with pants and a jacket on , and I shared the same experience . If you are car camping in 20-30 degree weather this will be a great bag , winter backpacking etc you might weight your other options . Also even with the cheapo compression bag this bag would n't hardly fit in a circa 1980s Gregory backpack sleepingbag compartment or my Lowe Alpine , we had to make a team effort , Eureka KAycee goes right in no prob . Worth sixty or so dollars wouldnt pay any more for it though . The Kaycee bag which is far superior buildwise . Buy this if you get a deal on it and you are car camping , otherwise buy the Eureka Kaycee it ROCKS !
 after my son put every piece of clothing he had with him -LRB- 4 layers -RRB- during a winter camp out he was just about warm enough!not a 0 degree bag .
 first off i paid for priority msil but that was a waste of money . TWO DAYS LATE . second , i had to wrestle vigorously with the bag to get it out of its shell . Its huge , heavy and a big waste of money . Do n't buy Eureka . That 's what i get for buying a cheap sleeping bag . Never again .
 Product never shipped . Seller never responded to emails or gave a heads up it was n't coming . Amazon did n't charge - so no financial loss . Seller should respond to customer inquiries .
 This lock would be perfect except for one fatal flaw . The lock does n't work properly . At first it was fine , but as time passed the key would no longer action the lock . This was initially overcome with patient jiggling for a few minutes . Now the lock appears permanently stuck . This leaves my bike unhelpfully secured to an I-beam in Afghanistan . What would otherwise be a strength for this lock , i.e. the impressive thickness of the steel cable , is now a hindrance because I ca n't find the hardware -LRB- bolt-cutters , acetylene torch , anti-tank round , etc. -RRB- to release my bike .
 I placed the order and it was confirmed . When I recieved the package it was not the correct product . When I contacted the Amazon vendor they informed me that the item that I ordered was now sold out and its next availability was unknown . They shipped me a slightly more expensive alternate product for the same price but it was too late for a Christmas day arrival . All in all it was not a successful experience ...
 I checked that this was suppose to be used for a m82 double eagle and when I got the package and i tried to install it into the gun , it did not match . So now I got three useless gun magazines for a m82 , and these magazines are for a m85 . they are totally different !!! . what a FAIL !!! And I live in costa Rica and it is very expesive to get these kinds of things . pointless to send them back , It would cost me a left nut and the whole package !!! thank you anyway .
 this case arrived without the keys to lock case after several attemps to get a set of keys from shipper I gave up and decided to just keep the case without the keys I am still very angry
 I bought this to lock the front disk and to serve as a visual deterrent . It wo n't fit on the front , and barely fits on the back disk , but in an inconvenient place where you hand can get burned by exhaust pipes . It 's well built , it just is n't recommended for a VTX1300 .
 Nicely designed bag on the whole . See other reviews here for features and such . Big enough for riding local and handling the essentials.Would have been nice if it had a pocket inside that would fit a smart phone - my HTC is too tall to fit the mesh one on the rear flap which meant it got stuck in there with my garage door opener and folding tool set , bouncing along for the ride.Biggest negative is that the zipper for the rear flap only last 13 months - 2 zips per ride , 4 rides a week , or somewhere around 500 uses . First the zipper pull came off at 6mos then the rest of zipper body at the end . Not good.Bought a different brand as a replacement , hoping it will last longer .
 The bag was nice but just did n't last . This bag seemed to be well made and looked good under my seat . It was relatively water resistant for my stuff on the inside and if cinched tightly , it did n't have an excessive amount of jiggle . The medium bag easily fits a tube , bike multi tool , keys and a cell phone . I used it solely off road for 2 months before one of the straps pulled its stitching loose which also ripped the side of the bag . For the duration , it only held a tube , plastic tire tools , multi tool , and occasionally a cell phone , so it was certainly not overly taxed with weight.For perspective , I should say that I ride on fairly rough trails and average 200 + off road miles per month . However , I have a Cannondale seat bag that has lasted for 15 years under similar conditions and is still functioning . I 'm sure I 'll never find a bag to top that but I want more than 2 months out of it . For road riders , I could recommend this bag . For off road , it is not up to the task . ** UPDATE ** I contacted Topeak and they suggested I send it back and they would replace it . The replacement was the same model bag which will have the same problem , but at least the customer service was good .
 I have had this for about 8 months on my MTB . I ride through city but have not even done maybe 300 miles in the past 8 months since I 've been busy and the bag has ripped in a couple of key places . The belt that runs through the seat and holds it tight has almost completely ripped at the stitches . Also , on the side it is ripping at the stitch . Good bag and seems like good quality but they need to do better sawing job and it would be good . Now I need a new bag and this one is garbage .
 This product is well constructed , however , I am not impressed with the zipper location . In order for me to open the compartment , I have to loosen the straps on the side because the zipper is pressed against the underside of the seat when the straps are tight .
 the plastic buckles are low quality . one broke when I tried to attach the bag -LRB- I was n't pulling hard ! -RRB- . I had to secure the bag with additional wires.the bag itself is fine .
 Looks very nice and durable , and is easy to install . I used it once for about an hour on a rough trail ride with a friend and my cell phone fell out . I realized when my bike tools fell out and made enough noise on the dirt trail to hear . Found the zipper had come opened up . Strangest thing ! Back-tracked and found the cell phone and rode out 1/2 mile and the zipper started coming open again ! Possibly the design needs a velcro spot to secure the zipper shut . I bought a different design and have had no trouble on several rides .
 I have less than 100 miles of use with this bag . The stitching is coming loose and there 's a hole worn near the start of the zipper . The bag has n't held up to the abuse of mountain biking .
 I 've been riding with this wedge for less than a year , with about 1,700 miles of use . I researched extensively and was willing to pay a few extra $ for a higher quality product . At first was very happy with the wedge and its size , quality , and feel . I was very disappointed when I noticed a seam coming apart after about 7 months . There is a thin plastic -LRB- ? -RRB- insert in the bag keeping the wedge stiff from the opening along its top that aligns perfectly with the top seam by the opening . The swinging of the wedge that comes from normal riding and hill climbing will cause this stiff insert to rub against this seam breaking it down . Its just a matter of time . 7 months is not what I would consider acceptable product durability . This is my second bad experience with a Topeak product . There wo n't be any more opportunities for a third .
 Far too small for just the essentials so unfortunately I am returning this item . Tried fitting cell phone , keys & bike tools but the fit was too tight . Nice pocket for money/license but overall does not fit my needs . Alas , I will do some leg/field work to check sizes before re-ordering .
 I bought this for my mt. bike.It did not last more than 20 rides , the material got completely tore up , just from gravity.I spoke with a friend who bought the same product and experience a similar thing.If there was zero star I would have given it.Very bad product .
 Sports Instruments -LRB- SI -RRB- was a Utah based company with 3-4 employees that was sold to Bell Sports in 2004 -LRB- and Bell Sports was later sold to Easton Sports in 2006 -RRB- . SI 's activities had slowed , and it is reasonable to believe that Sports Instruments Pro , Fit and ECG Heart Rate Wristwatches were last produced in 2003 or earlier . Products were made in Asia by a reputable factory.Designer and competitive masters athlete Bill Corliss created products with an intelligently designed user interface that was easy to use . The Pro 7 and Pro 9 Hear Rate Wristwatches provided detailed and valuable data for the serious athlete . The Fit and the earlier ECG Fitness Heart Rate Wristwatches had fewer advanced features . The chest transmitter should work with most fitness equipment designed to work with the Polar standard.If you buy SI branded Pro , Fit or ECG products , you should know that the original watch batteries are at the end of their shelf life . Unless the seller has recently replaced batteries , you will quickly or immediately face the burden and cost of dealing with battery issues.Replacing the watch batteries is too difficult for most consumers . Even a professional repair person must use care to maker certain that the parts are precisely returned to the original positions to maintain water resistance . Expect to pay $ 9-20 to have the watch battery replaced , and tell your repair person you want the product to keep its water resistance . The battery on the wireless chest transmitter may be less drained than the watch 's and is user replaceable , a nice feature . The chest transmitter 's CR2032 3-volt lithium battery should be available for under $ 4 . Total outlay for 2 batteries
 Sports Instruments -LRB- SI -RRB- was a Utah based company with 3-4 employees that was sold to Bell Sports in 2004 -LRB- and Bell Sports was later sold to Easton Sports in 2006 -RRB- . SI 's activities had slowed , and it is reasonable to believe that Sports Instruments Pro , Fit and ECG Heart Rate Wristwatches were last produced in 2003 or earlier . Products were made in Asia by a reputable factory.Designer and competitive masters athlete Bill Corliss created products with an intelligently designed user interface that was easy to use . The Pro 7 and Pro 9 Hear Rate Wristwatches provided detailed and valuable data for the serious athlete . The Fit and the earlier ECG Fitness Heart Rate Wristwatches had fewer advanced features . The chest transmitter should work with most fitness equipment designed to work with the Polar standard.If you buy SI branded Pro , Fit or ECG products , you should know that the original watch batteries are at the end of their shelf life . Unless the seller has recently replaced batteries , you will quickly or immediately face the burden and cost of dealing with battery issues.Replacing the watch batteries is too difficult for most consumers . Even a professional repair person must use care to maker certain that the parts are precisely returned to the original positions to maintain water resistance . Expect to pay $ 9-20 to have the watch battery replaced , and tell your repair person you want the product to keep its water resistance . The battery on the wireless chest transmitter may be less drained than the watch 's and is user replaceable , a nice feature . The chest transmitter 's CR2032 3-volt lithium battery should be available for under $ 4 . Total outlay for 2 batteries
 MY HUSBAND GOT ME THIS WATCH SINCE I HAVE MVP AND I LIKE TO EXERCISE AND I NEED TO KEEP MY HEART RATE IN CHECK . WHEN I RECEIVED IT THE WATCH DID N'T WORK AT ALL SO I CHANGE THE BATTERIES FOR A PAIR THAT CAME WITH AND IT TURNED ON . THAT IS NOT THE END . IF IT WOULD WORK PROPERLY IT WOULD BE GREAT SINCE THE FEATURES ARE USEFULL . I AM GREAT AT FIGURING OUT THINGS BUT THIS WATCH WAS HARD TO SET UP EVEN FOR MY HUSBAND . EVERY SINGLE TIME THAT I GRAB IT AND PUT IT ON BEFORE MY WORKOUT THE WATCH FOR SOME REASON FREEZES UP ON ME AND NOTHING WORKS , SOMETIMES IT DOES N'T EVEN BEEP . I HAVE TO OPEN IT UP BY TAKING ONE STRAP OFF AND THE TINY SCREWS , MOVE THE BATTERY , CLOSE IT CAREFULLY AND SET UP DATA AND TIME AGAIN . THIS IS MY DAILY ROUTINE BEFORE WORKING OUT ... . TALK ABOUT WARMING UP AND GETTING YOUR HEART RATE UP BEFORE A WORKOUT FROM BEEN SO ANNOYED .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 Let me bottom line this for you . If you want a bad-boy Microtec based tritium watch , then buy a Traser , Luminox or KHS . All the other ones I 've run into are cheap and a weak excuse for a hardcore watch . I purchased one of these S&W 's to replace a broken Luminox . I sent it back the first day I got it . It was very cheap and the illumination was very poor . I then bought a Traser from LA Police Gear , and was very happy with it . If you want the badest of the bad , check out the German KHS with the blue tritium ... very cool . Best price-to-performance goes to the Traser watches , hands down . All my cop buddies agree with me on this ! -LRB- except my buddy who dropped $ 350 on a KHS , but I think he need to tell himself that to justify spending over twice as much for basicly the same watch ! -RRB- Hope this Helps !
 I received the wrong order , I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon . \ I 'm not happy .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 Let me bottom line this for you . If you want a bad-boy Microtec based tritium watch , then buy a Traser , Luminox or KHS . All the other ones I 've run into are cheap and a weak excuse for a hardcore watch . I purchased one of these S&W 's to replace a broken Luminox . I sent it back the first day I got it . It was very cheap and the illumination was very poor . I then bought a Traser from LA Police Gear , and was very happy with it . If you want the badest of the bad , check out the German KHS with the blue tritium ... very cool . Best price-to-performance goes to the Traser watches , hands down . All my cop buddies agree with me on this ! -LRB- except my buddy who dropped $ 350 on a KHS , but I think he need to tell himself that to justify spending over twice as much for basicly the same watch ! -RRB- Hope this Helps !
 I received the wrong order , I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon . \ I 'm not happy .
 Sports Instruments -LRB- SI -RRB- was a Utah based company with 3-4 employees that was sold to Bell Sports in 2004 -LRB- and Bell Sports was later sold to Easton Sports in 2006 -RRB- . SI 's activities had slowed , and it is reasonable to believe that Sports Instruments Pro , Fit and ECG Heart Rate Wristwatches were last produced in 2003 or earlier . Products were made in Asia by a reputable factory.Designer and competitive masters athlete Bill Corliss created products with an intelligently designed user interface that was easy to use . The Pro 7 and Pro 9 Hear Rate Wristwatches provided detailed and valuable data for the serious athlete . The Fit and the earlier ECG Fitness Heart Rate Wristwatches had fewer advanced features . The chest transmitter should work with most fitness equipment designed to work with the Polar standard.If you buy an SI watch , you should know that the original batteries are at the end of their shelf life . Unless the seller has recently replaced batteries , you will quickly or immediately face the burden and cost of dealing with battery issues.Replacing the watch batteries is too difficult for most consumers , although it can be done with care . Even a professional repair person must use care to maker certain that the parts are precisely returned to the original positions to maintain water resistance , and silicone grease is used for the gasket . Expect to pay $ 9-20 to have the watch battery replaced , and tell your repair person you want the product to keep its water resistance . The battery on the wireless chest transmitter may be less drained than the watch 's and is user replaceable , a nice feature . The chest transmitter 's CR2032 3-volt lithium battery should be available for under $ 4 . Total outlay for 2 batteries
 Beware , I received this watch and it did not work , when I sent the inquiry to Infitinate Surplus , I never received a response . Wish I had read all the reviews prior to ordering and realized it had been manufactured in 2003 !! The watch arrived DOA ! Now Amazon says Infinite_Surplus has a policy that once an item has been opened , they will not take it back -LRB- Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for making people read the fine print of their re-sellers for shipping a product that does n't work , how are you supposed to find out it does n't work unless you open it ???? -RRB- In any event , this watch came in a box that had obviously been opened before and taped back shut . Now I think Amazon AND Infinite-Surplus are a huge rip-off
 Sports Instruments -LRB- SI -RRB- was a Utah based company with 3-4 employees that was sold to Bell Sports in 2004 -LRB- and Bell Sports was later sold to Easton Sports in 2006 -RRB- . SI 's activities had slowed , and it is reasonable to believe that SI wristwatches were last produced in 2003 . Products were made in Asia by a reputable factory.You should know that the original watch batteries are at the end of their shelf life . Unless the seller has recently replaced batteries , you will quickly face the burden and cost of dealing with battery issues.Early altimeter watches were a bit erratic and had higher defect rates , and this watch is no exception . You may want to ask your seller about how to obtain warranty service from a brand that is no longer produced.Replacing the watch batteries is too difficult for most consumers . Even a professional repair person must use care to maker certain that the parts are precisely returned to the original positions to maintain water resistance . Expect to pay $ 9-20 to have the watch battery replaced , and tell your repair person you want the product to keep its water resistance.If you are willing to deal with battery replacement issues , make certain that you get a good enough price to justify the added repair burdens ... and that you get good information about how to deal with warranty issues .
 I had real bad luck with this watch . I tried two watches and neither one worked . The first one had no display and the second one you could n't change it to feet . I sent bought of them back .
 I took a chance on this watch from a close-out retailer who agreed to put a new battery in it prior to shipping . Cost was under $ 20 . The watch has a lot of wasted space on the face of it , devoting the bottom line of the three line display to telling you which mode it is in . For example , when the day/date is displayed on the top line and the time is in the center , the bottom third of the watch reads `` CLOCK . '' All modes display like that.Calibrating is a bit of a chore but works if you follow the directions very closely . It 's easy to miss something and have to start over again.The second day I had the watch , set and ready to go , I headed out to a local hilly park for a workout . By the end of my warmup mile the START/STOP button was missing from the watch , rendering it worthless.My opinion ? If you see one of these for any price , avoid it . Even if it worked as the manufacturer designed it it 's not worth the money .
 This was shipped by Debnroo and I have to say their customer service is LOUSY !!!! They shipped the wrong item - it 's been two weeks and they still have not given me the option to return it AND they said the item I ordered was out of stock . Well , that is not my problem . They took my money so I should at least have the product I paid for or a refund . I highly recommend you think twice before doing business with Debnroo .
 As a saw this is average . It 's easy to handle , and does an OK job cutting . The replaceable/changeable sawzall type blades are easy to find and there is a good selection to choose from , but a dedicated handsaw blade works better.This saw 's biggest failing is that it 's far too heavy . It heavier that two of my bow saws , together . I purchased this to use on camping trips for a basecamp saw . But as soon as I first lifted it , I realized it would be staying behind . The handle is a solid cast metal . it looked like aluminum , but it weights like lead . There is no way I would pack this in to a campsite or on a hunting trip.That leaves me with a tool that is too heavy to bring into the wilderness , but and has little use at home or the shop as there are more effective tools available there.I thought about keeping it in the sawzall box because it would cut the same kerf as that saw , but a sawzall is a demo tool , not a construction tool , I do n't need a neat kerf when using it.There are better saw choices in most situations , and this tool really has little to recommend it . Even the color `` camo '' is a bit silly , it would just help to lose the tool . I wanted to like it , but it comes up short .
 Decided to spring for this with high hopes due to many good reviews , but will be sending it back . Right out of the package I was not impressed with the feel of the leather . It is very thin leather , with a texture that says to me it will probably break down quicker than I 'd like it too . The color is awful funky too -LRB- I got antique brown -RRB- ... just a dead matte brown color ... does not look like the saddle 's finishing at all . Also , Brooks makes a big deal about their stuff still being made in England , so I was pretty disappointed to find that this was made in China . Overpriced for all these flaws , in my opinion . I hear good things about the Velo Orange leather tape , but I think I 'll be doing cloth/shellac on this bike .
 While Brooks saddles are the best saddles money can buy , their bar tape leaves a lot to be desired . Apparently , Brooks farms out the manufacture overseas -LRB- to China -RRB- , and it shows.The bar tape does not match their saddles - it 's a couple of shades lighter and has a matte finish . Also , the tape is made from offcuts of cheap leather , bonded together - this means that you will be bound to end up with a join showing somewhere on the handlebars , no matter how carefully you try to avoid it . When you wrap the tape , each of the bonded pieces of leather has a different grain and is from different parts of the animal 's hide , so one piece will be stretchy while the next will be tough and inflexible . It makes wrapping a real challenge , which is not helped by the fact that the adhesive back simply does n't stick . Finally , each end of the tape comes with the Brooks logo embossed into the leather , so when you wrap it , the end looks terrible - that 's fine if you 're using the modern ` bottom-up ' method of wrapping -LRB- where you finish the wrap with a separate piece of adhesive backed tape -RRB- , but I 'm old school , so I wrap ` top-down ' for a cleaner look . Brooks claims that their tape is ` extra long ' , but after I removed the 4 or 5 inches from the ends so that the tape had a uniform look , the remainder barely fit on my bars.I actually had a nice match for the saddle in Eolo Soft 's ` Bike Ribbon ' in brown -LRB- also available through Amazon -RRB- . It 's cheap and it falls apart when you remove it , but it works nicely while it 's on the bike . I foolishly removed this bar tape when I got the Brooks tape , thinking that Brooks would be better.There is a leather tape that is a perfect match for the Brooks ' Honey saddle - ` Adarga Leather Handlebar Tape ' -LRB- also available at Amazon -RRB- . I found this tape after a long search for a perfect match for my Brooks B17 honey saddle and I 'm really pleased with it . It 's not cheap -LRB- it 's real leather after all -RRB- , but it is not as expensive as Brooks ' tape.All-in-all , I would not recommend this bar tape . If I knew what I know now , I would never have bought this product . Brooks needs to bring this product in-house so that it gets their full service treatment . Failing that , they ought to stick to building saddles , as their bar tape can only sully their good reputation .
 I purchased the bar tape in `` Honey '' and here are a few issues :1 . It does n't match the `` Honey '' saddle2 . The leather is really thin3 . Develops a lasting odor from sweatIf you sweat a lot this tape is n't for you . After a few rides my tape developed an odor from my consistent sweating . The odor was so bad that my wife complained that it was starting to take over the room that I kept my bike in , and she was right . This tape takes a long time to dry if it gets wet from rain/sweat . Go with something cheaper .
 I do n't know if I got a bad box , but the tapered ends on both rolls of tape I got were cut the same direction . Typically you wrap one bar clockwise , and the other counter-clockwise . I did n't realize that the second roll was cut wrong until I had finished the first bar . I had to recut the tapers and waste about 4-6 inches . The tape came up shorter on the bars than I would have liked it as a result.But aside from that.It takes some patience to wrap , since the leather is quite tough , but it does stretch when you put a little muscle into it . The antique brown color was alarmingly light when I first got it , but once the tape was on I applied a tiny bit of proofide and it darkened to match my saddle perfectly . Not very much padding at all , which can be good or bad depending on your preference.If not for the taper issue I would 've given it four stars . I hope every box does n't come like that .
 Bought this tape to match my black Brooks B17 saddle . First off , it 's not a very good match . Second , it lasted all of about 3 days . I got this in black and I got caught in a rainstorm shortly after this tape was installed . When wet , the black dye from the tape bled all over my hands , the ground , my bike , and whatever else my hands came in contact with . It was a huge mess . The dye ruined everything it contacted . To make matters worse , after all of this I was left with an ugly dark green looking handlebar tape . Immediately threw in the trash and went back to my $ 20 tape.I know you are supposed to prevent Brooks saddles from getting wet but how can they release a handlebar tape and expect it to be covered from the elements?This is overprice garbage . Brooks should stick to making saddles . This was a total waste of money .
 We ordered two of these bottles for an upcoming camping trip that was going to require us to filter our drinking water . The bottles turned out to be difficult to use and one did n't work at all . I assumed from the pictures and the pop-up `` straw '' that we 'd be able to drink from the bottles . Instead you have to squeeze the bottle from the base to get the water out of the straw - and it takes a lot of pressure to get it out . It 's definitely a 2-handed firm squeeze to get water from these .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 I ordered a small , since this is what I have had in the past , although not this brand . They are really tight and very hard for me to get on and off . I guess small is extra small .
 I think I am the 3rd review to tell you that NO MATTER what we did , it will not reset from factory 000 . The `` Lock Port '' gets stuck , and you think it 's your fault , so you try and try again , and again ... It 's stuck , so do n't bother re-trying !! When I first opened the package it worked fine in the 000 setting . . But after pushing the side re-set button and setting my own numbers THAT WAS ALL SHE WROTE ! Never worked after that ! IT 'S GOING BACK , AND I AM PI ** ED !!
 Like the other reviewer , I too bought this lock and tried to reset the combination from the default 000 . I followed the instructions which seemed fairly simple , but I could n't get it to work . Now the lock is stuck and I ca n't get it to release when I put in the new code -LRB- or the default code -RRB- . I have tried countless variations just in case I was off a bit when I tried to reset the combo.I am glad to see it is n't just me with this problem . Do n't buy this OnGuard lock .
 Bought this to replace an older ski lock . From the moment I opened it , I could tell it was flimsy and more cheaply made than my older lock . In spite of following directions -LRB- pushing in the reset button while setting the combination -RRB- , it would not reset nor would it lock . My husband - a real fix-it , techie , also tried to get it to work to no avail . A total waste of time and money . It is going back .
 I opened this up and followed directions - the lock will not work . I been trying to make this work for an hour now and nothing . Do n't buy this
 I gave this lock two chances . The first order was obviously an already-opened package , so I returned it . The second one turned out to also be a used lock , since the factory default combination of 0-0-0 did not work . I called their customer support and they recommended returning it . Sorry , wo n't give it a third try.The instructions are inconveniently written on the inside layer of the cardboard packaging itself , which you have to tear apart to access . The instructions themselves are vague and inaccurate.I opted instead to try another brand . I went with the Kryptonite 998600 .
 I bought this hoping it would be a great find becasue the price was so low , but it has an awkward cut to it . The material is of good quality , but the shoulders are so broad and the waste is very small . I still wear it , but it always feels a little awkward .
 This lock will open with all but one of the four numbers of the combination set incorrectly . And if you pull -LRB- with your bare hands ... it does n't take much effort at all -RRB- the lock will pull apart even if you have none of the numbers in the combo correct . It 's just that cheap . You might as well secure your bicycle with a piece of yarn .
 The product received did not match the product shown . Apparently Hoppes has changed from using all orange ink to only using orange for the large center target . The image shown by Amazon and the vendor should be updated to show the correct product.The black lines and the black secondary targets in the corners make this product less useful than the previous model with all orange print .
 What amazing promotional material ! What convincing testimonials from satisfied customers ! I will run right out and buy one today . Or perhaps I will save my money for a decade gym membership .
 Shipping and customer support were excellent . However , this is a cheap chinese made product . The bike I received was well packaged and there were no signs of any shipping damage . However , once assembled I found that the rims were not straight and it was not possible to aline the brake pads . The tires were both flat and when inflated to the recommended pressure the tires came off the rim . I can not recommend this product . However , I due praise Amazon . When I complained they sent UPS to pick the bike up , paid the return postage and refuned everything I paid . Great customer service , sorry the bike was not .
 I bought this case expecting a lockable case capable of storing a firearm moderately secured from the possiblility of my children ever gaining access to it , however it is more flimsy than other pistol cases I 've had , and much less sturdy than what I expected.It is fine if there is no need for the contents to be locked.However , even with a padlock put on the case , the plastic is thin enough that an ambitious child would be able to easily pry open the corners wide enough to remove whatever firearms might be inside , without ever removing the lock.Do not purchase this item if you need lockable storage .
 it almost does n't work , because it 's so flimsy and the clasps are not strong at all . i guess its cheap though so its kind of ok . you get what you pay for
 The tie I ordered looked like it was really dirty , especially on the white parts of it .
 What amazing promotional material ! What convincing testimonials from satisfied customers ! I will run right out and buy one today . Or perhaps I will save my money for a decade gym membership .
 Have not used these very much and they are already tearing on me and will not last much longer . I will go with Valeo from now on
 So I had read all the other reviews , and many of them had mentioned that these run too small . I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and have pretty small hands for a guy and somewhat thin fingers , but instantly ruled out the small size based on the reviews . I got the Medium -LRB- and my hands are in no way Medium -RRB- , and lo and behold , it is too small , a struggle to get them on , and does n't allow me to grip well , so I 'm going to have to get large ! Just absolutely ridiculous . If you could see my hands , the idea that I could be a Large in gloves that are presumably not sized for children is pretty much inconceivable . I do n't know how it 's possible to screw up the sizing this badly . The sizing chart is not accurate . I ca n't emphasize this enough
 I 've had lots of weight lifting gloves with the wrist wrap , and these are by far the worst I 've ever used . The wrist wrap is part of a weird flap that comes over the top of the hand and no matter how you put them , you get a bunched up lump on the wrist that just does not work at all for wrist support.Valeo is a much better alternative .
 Feel a bit cheap with this product and it tears out after 2 weeks of use.I will have to try another product when it comes to buy gloves again .
 These gloves do not last . The first pair I bought only lasted 4 months . I purchased a second pair a size bigger because I thought that was the problem and they also only lasted 4 months .
 Whomever sized these must have box hands , as there is a serious pressure point on the skin between the fore-finger , and the thumb , where the wrap really presses hard when you try to fasten the Velcro . I tried XL as well -LRB- my hands are not that big -RRB- and the same problem ensued . At the least , red discoloration and irritation on the side of my palm facing my thumb , at worst , after wearing these gloves for 1 full session -LRB- and ignoring the pain from them -RRB- my hands turned a slight blueish purple from loss of blood flow . I would Highly recommend purchasing a different model , or a different brand . ` Jenky ' Chinese product should stay in the garbage .
 This belt is too big for me and does n't synch tight . I can use it , but it is not one I would recommend to others .
 I find the Hugger Mugger yoga strap to be unpleasantly stiff and uncomfortable . It digs into my skin -LRB- unlike the `` barefoot '' ones used at my yoga studio -RRB- . If you prefer a softer strap you may want to avoid this one .
 I got two of these to fit a Savage 11LF with a 30mm scope and a 54C PSL with no scope , well it will not fit ether one , the dimensions on Amazon are OD and not ID so take about 1.5 '' off for that , Amazon however was great and sent me a return label and I ordered larger cases , order a bigger case than you need , because Murphy 's law will always prevail .
 I bought this product to store my RWS 460 with scope , guess what , does n't fit , so be aware of this , I your gun is big and has a scope , probably this box will not work ...
 The plastic is getting flimsy and they try a lot of raised graphics on the outside to make it a little more rigid . . My main concern is the egg-crate foam ... Really thin and does absolutely nothing to keep the rifle from sliding back and forth -LRB- Winchester Model 64 -RRB- . If you go on the cheap like I did , as this will not be transported just for storage , get a silicon gun sock to keep it protected . . kind of redundant though ... best thing is buy another brand that has not cheapened its product yet . .
 Product is flimsy and foam insert is thin and falls out of case each time you open it . Case is too small even for a 10/22 Ruger with a scope . I should have spent more . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this bike for my 6 year old daughter and she loved it . She and my 4 year old son were playing and she was riding her bike . His pinky finger was CUT OFF due to a safety hazard on this bike ! The seat material is held on with staples and they are not safe for children !!!! I was watching my children carefully when this happened , so please know it happens in a blink of an eye . If you have this bike make sure your children do not put their hands under the seat , or that you do not either -LRB- helping them learn -RRB- . I would not purchase this bike for anyone !
 We bought this for my son for Christmas . We received it and the back wheel would not spin . It looked nice , but would not function . Amazon gave us a full refund . -LRB- I love AMAZON -RRB- I would buy a bike from a local store if possible , I think many problems are caused by shipping . Bikes are hard to pack in a truck . I have ordered 3 bikes in the last year , all with problems . Save time , go to the local wally world and get one .
 I was very disappointed in the color of the bike when I received it . Though the picture shows a lemon yellow , the bike is actually more of a mustard yellow . I 'm afraid my daughter will be very disappointed on Christmas Day .
 I purchased this mug at Target
 I purchased this mug at Target
 This mug does not keep coffee warm very long . One of the reasons is that it is plastic inside . The lid is hard to screw on and off .
 I bought four of the Stanley Bolt Mugs for myself and the Guys that work with me in the office . I like the cup because if you follow the instructions it keeps the liquid hot or warm for a long time . This cup was designed for to use in a automible and not necerrary in a office environment . When I use it in the car it works perfict but when you put it on a flat surface it tends to want to tip over . I have not had this cup but for about a month and have spilled coffee on my desk twice since i have had it . This cup is top heavy and tilts very easy when it is full .
 Most Stanley products that I have used have been reliable . This product has been a true disappointment . Even when preheated , my coffee does not remain hot and the lid leaks . No matter how many times you rescrew the lid , the threads on it dont seem to be compatible . Course , with the coffee losing heat , there is not a chance of getting burned , but the dribble down the chin look is no fun .
 1st time I put hot coffee in , the bottom cracked ! It was replaced . Second time I used it , the top heavy clunker tipped over , spilling hot coffee on my lap and soaking my truck 's seat . This with the lid in the closed position.Don ' t waste a penny on this ill-conceived piece of junk .
 I purchased two of these to use for physical and Earth science demonstrations in my classroom . On one of the pumps , the metal brackets that connect the foot pedal to the compressing cylinder bent far too easily and rendered the pump unusable . On the other pump , the metal ferrule that crimps onto the air hose loosened and came off , thus leaking out air and making it also unusable . Sorry kids , guess we ca n't make clouds or explore pressure today ! One who is looking for a pump should try another brand of foot pump or go with some version of a hand pump instead of these .
 shipped quickly ! but thats the only good thing i have to say about it ! wiil pump a tire up but dont rely on pressure gauge cuz it doesnt work !!
 it was broken at the first time i use it . it broke at 45 bars when i was pumping my bike and can never pump in any air . i strongly not recommend you to buy this pump when you need a high pressure .
 The 12 volt doctor 's alternator book is poorly written and illustrated . It appears as if an editor has never gone through the text since it contains numerous typos , construction , and grammatical errors . Much of the information is dated and of little use . The printing is low quality and in places unreadable . This book is a real disappointment .
 This book is totally out of date ... it would be appropriate for alternators used in the mid 70 's to mid 80 's . There appear to be some schematic errors in the illustrations ... Thumbs down
 I was very disapointed . The bottle must have lost it 's vacuum . As soon as I poured hot liquid into it it started to get hot on the outside . Obviously it lost it 's ability to keep a vacuum . I asked for a replacement but had to accept a refund . Sent it back and my account was refunded including shipping with no problem .
 I was so disappointed at the new Stanley thermos . I could not believe how cheaply made it is . The cap is hard to screw on tightly and it feels like it is made of aluminum -LRB- thought it 's not -RRB- . I guess I was expecting a well made Stanley like my father used to have . Another American icon bites the dust !! So sad . I would not recommend this product at all .
 This is the fourth or fifth Stanley thermos I have owned over the last thirty years . This is also the first one made in China . The spot weld on the handle bracket to the body broke within the first week . Being an enterprising American , I simply put an American made large hose clamp around the bottle and clamped the broken junk to the bottle . I am sure this will be the last Stanley thermos this customer will ever buy , and I 'm also sure Stanley really does n't give a damn . They know exactly the type of blue collar Americans that have always purchased their products and Stanley consciously made the decision to export the jobs anyway .
 After 2 yrs it developed a little hole inside and ruined the vacuum seal . Now it has the insulating properties of a paper cup . One other guy wrote a review that he 'd bought 4 of these and wo n't buy another . This was supposed to have been a lifer ; the same thermos Grandpa took to work every day . Turns out it 's just a `` Made in China '' piece of junk .
 Classic Vacuum Bottle - 1.1 qtThis Stanley vacuum bottle was purchase to replace one that was lost or stolen from the job site . The one it replaced was manufactured back in the early 80 's and was very durable . It took a heck of a lot to dent it . This new bottle is much lighter , which leads me to believe it is constructed to be less durable as the older onesStories at the Stanley website talk of running over the bottle with a pickup , dropping it from heights that would destroy a normal bottle . But all of these stories were talking about bottles that had been bought in the 70 's and 80 's . I ca n't help but wonder if this new lighter bottle might just buckle under the pressure.Also , Stanley would always put the year of manufacture on the bottom of the bottle . This was a good thing , reminded you how long it had been in service , and after several years gave you something to brag about . They do n't do that anymore . Such a shame that manufacturers are so willing to dispose of American icons for a few extra dollars !
 These are not like the original from before . They are not manufactured as a heavy duty thermos . Last year I bought my boyfriend one that was very heavy duty and has a smooth interior . These are 30 % lighter and you can see every weld inside the bottle . The quality is much worse . I ended up returning two from here and Walmart because the photo is showing the original heavy thermos , not the one that comes with a label and a 30 % lighter tag .
 Bought a new Stanley 1 liter about a year ago . It has lost its insulating properties . Real disappointing but not surprising considering where it was made . I also have an old Stanley that is 20 years old , beat up but still works like a champ .
 25 years ago serving in the military this was the holy grail of thermos bottles . 36 hours and you could still burn your lips . Told my wife the war stories and bought her one . What a sad testament to Stanley . The lower grade stainless steel and poor craftsmanship might give you 4-5 hours , if you pre heat . Stanley profits are probably up but the quality is sure down !
 I bought a new Stanley to replace one I 've had for 30 years . The new one looses all its heat within a couple of hours the old one will keep water hot for the better part of the day . I returned the new Stanley . What have they done with these things ?
 The original model i was looking for -LRB- 24oz food jar -RRB- was sold out everywhere , so i picked this one up . I was impressed by the labeling that promised to keep liquids hot for 24hrs . First thing i did was a temp test with boiling water . 8pm
 Broken weld at the handle bracket . Less than two weeks old . This is the third Stanley bottle I 've had in my lifetime , the other two were lost and stolen , not BROKEN . They picked the wrong Chinese vendor . Do n't waste your 30 dollars .
 I have one of the older , silver Stanley thermos 's that I 've had for years . I like to make a pot of coffee at night , throw it in the thermos , and its still hot in the morning.Thought I 'd try a new one . COMPLETE CHEAP JUNK !!! You can tell just by the weight . My older , well made thermos feels like it weighs about 5 pound heavier than this.You wo n't believe this , but I actually just threw the new thermos in the garbage , and cleaned my old thermos with some baking soda.I tried keeping a pot of coffee hot overnight in this thermos . Ice Cold in the morning !! Plus the cheap little cap cup was crushed when it arrived . would n't even sit flat.Remeber when we used to make stuff worth buying that would last forever . Man I miss that stuff . You can have this junk .
 The quality has slipped . I 've owned three other Stanley Bottles used , abused , nearly crushed one , lost another . Trust me I 've used these bottles nearly daily for years . Recieved a new bottle for Christmas . What a disapoinment , quality and heft gone . Not the same as my old bottle that I still have dents and all .
 This thermos arrived quickly , but had a dent on the cap . It had only two pieces of flimsy paper around the thermos.This thermos is not like the old heavy one from the past . I hope it at least last a year or two keeping liquids warm . I 'm not a happy customer on this one .
 Bought this from local store two years ago and today it no longer keeps any liquid hot ... so much for the idea that it will last a lifetime . Not a cheap item to have last less than two years.Will look for alternative quality item to replace it .
 I bought one of these to hold soup for my lunch and occasionally do some thermos cooking . While I 'm a big fan of the product design , the thermos just does * not * keep things hot if you do n't fill the entire capacity . I usually heat up a can 's worth of soup to near boiling in the morning and pour it in the thermos , taking up probably half the total volume . By lunch my soup is no more than lukewarm.I plan on trying a different brand of thermos in the future .
 This unit is made in China and the only thing in common with the previously American made unit is the enormously high price tag.My unit started leaking under the cap about one month after I purchased it . I bought a new cap only to find that it was a manufacture defect in the sealing area of the unit . This was nursed along by over tightening the cap until it eventually slipped a thread . After that I got into the habit of turning the unit upside down -LRB- allowing the unit to leak into the cap/cup -RRB- before opening it.Soon after this , the spot weld area for the handle gave way . Welded in three spots , two of which clearly have paint on the originally intended upon welding surface.Tonight the thing leaked all over my wife 's lap as she merely intended to open it and that was the last straw . This thing is a TURD!The only reason I did not give it one star is because it does have good thermal qualities .
 I am a locomotive engineer and I drink an average of two quarts of coffee a day while I 'm on the job . I need a vacuum bottle that is durable , and that will easily fit into my grip . This bottle fills the bill in that department , but after a couple of months , this bottle has started losing it 's heat retaining capabilities . I took it out of my grip -LRB- bag -RRB- the other day , and the whole outside of the bottle was very warm . The coffee inside was lukewarm , and I did the preheating stuff beforehand . This is my fourth Stanley bottle , and I will NEVER buy one of these again . They all start out great , and get worse as you use them . I have since ordered a Thermos/Nissan Work Series Thermos Beverage Bottle - -LRB- 40 oz . -RRB- . These are hands down better than anything Stanley makes . I got mine from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The Stanley bottle has great potential , but the company needs to figure out how to insulate it !!
 I 've got several older 1-quart bottles that work great ; however , I am VERY disappointed with the new 2 quart bottle that I just purchased . I have pre-filled with boiling water and the thing still wo n't keep coffee hot more than 3 hours , even in moderate temperatures . It is literally luke-warm in 3 hours ! So , you may ask , what about that `` famous '' Stanley Lifetime Guarantee ? Good luck ... they wo n't even return my E-mails . I do n't know what happened to this once great company , but I will never buy another Stanley Thermos -LRB- except maybe an older one -RRB- . I have n't looked into it , but I would suspect that their products are no longer `` American Made '' if you know what I mean . Anyone want to buy a cheap thermos ? Mine will be on E-bay ... I 'm buying a Nissan Vacuum Bottle .
 Not like the Thermos I once knew ... If you read and believe reviews , this one isalso accurate . I did read the other reviews , and the low rating ones are thecorrect ones .1 . Stanley is 2 Qt .2 . Stanley made in China , I got what I deserved from buying this bottle .3 . Stanley is made 30 % lighter , this is where the insulating qualities were lost .4 . Stanley stopper is made cheap , looks cheap . Not like my 1990 's stainlesssteel one , used to have good quality orange O ring type seal now a cheap whiteseal , this is also why it does n't keep coffee hot , it certainly does n't sealin anything , I do n't think the seal touches any part of the inside wall of thebottle , looks like just the top lip of the stopper is the sealing part of thestopper . Cup is cheaply made , should be all stainless steel . Not plastic lined .5 . Stanley as is , is good looking , but is too light , it feels like holding along tin can in your hand . Again , my opinion .6 . Stanley when preheated with boiling hot water does not as stated keepliquids hot for 24 hours . This statement may have been true when these weremade years ago , but due to the way these are made now , they cool off way toofast . Years ago , I ice fished in Michigan , and placed Stanley out in cold airwith the older stainless steel one , and it still kept coffee hot enough tofish all day and still have a cup hot when going home in the truck . When thisone is left on the counter , it cools off very quickly .7 . This is not the same bottle that was made years ago , -LRB- I think these have beendowngraded since the early 1990 's , due to company trying to save money -RRB- , and I have not seen an original bottle lately . Making them 30 % lighterhas certainly affected the way liquids stay hot . I would really like liquids tostay hot , not quickly cool off.This is not Thermos , its Stanley . I do n't know why the company made this 2QTbottle so light , as it certainly has changed the quality of how liquids stay hotand the heat transfers quickly through the thin wall . Everyone do your homeworkand purchase bottles with these things in mind . If you like the size overinsulating qualities , then this will work . If you want a bottle that keepsliquids hot longer , then buy a different one . I got what I paid for , I wo n'treturn it , but will not buy another Stanley one if I need to . You decidefor yourself . This is my view , no one elses . But low ratings on this bottleare correct . This bottle is listed as a Stanley 2.0 Qt Classic Vacuum Bottle . Itcertainly is not a CLASSIC . It looks like an older version , it does n't act likeone . Sorry Stanley , but this one certainly is a letdown .
 Fact
 I bought this product based on the Stanley name , and the previous reviews on Amazon . I use it to take coffee to work , and was hoping to have hot coffee all day long , based on the previous Amazon reviews . Unfortunately , coffee that is boiling hot at 6am when I leave for work is lukewarm by noon . That 's not anywhere near the performance that was boasted about in previous reviews . I guess Stanley tools are better than their thermos bottles .
 This bottle used to be made in Nashville , TN USA , by Aladdin . This was a great product that had a great reputation , and had a life time warranty . It kept your coffee hot for 8 hrs or more ! In 2002 Aladdin-Stanley sold it 's Stanley bottle division , to a company called Pacific Marketing International or PMI . PMI moved production of this bottle to China for cheaper labor . They still represent them as ` Aladdin Stanley ' thermos bottles , but they are NOT . The newer China bottles say ` made in china ' on the bottom . Check before you buy . The good old Stanley bottles say ` Made in USA Nashville , TN ' on the bottom . They are not being made any more , but some stores still have old stock . The only thing the same about these 2 bottles is the way they look . ** BEWARE ** Stay away from the new Stanley products . What a way to ruin a great American Favorite . And trick the American consumer to boot ! They should be ashamed of themselves .
 The 2Q Stanley thermos we received was a total let down . I have always heard good things about Stanley thermoses and now I know that the things I heard were about them were really about `` Aladdin '' Stanley thermoses -LRB- the ones that were made in the USA -RRB- . After receiving ours and trying it out , we found that the exterior immediately heats up beyond what is comfortable to touch and leaves you with cold coffee within 2 hours . At first I thought we got unlucky and that we should try getting another one , but after reading reviews I have noticed that these thermoses are n't what they used to be.It seems when Aladdin Stanley was sold and manufacturing went to China that quality control really took a dive . Unfortunately I get the idea , from reviews , that 25-33 % of these are defective and that the rest work fine . I think I 'll buy an Aladdin Stanley from eBay .
 I have owned this thermos for less than a year now . It is great as far as keeping my coffee hot for almost a solid 14 hours but the cheesy spot welds that hold the handle on came apart . Until I decide whether or not I will get a new one the handle is held in place with duct tape .
 I have owned a Stanley thermos for years and they were built like a tank and made in the USA . I picked one up a few days ago and was shocked at how light and flimsy it is . While it may look like the old American made Stanley , it is just a veneer of it 's old self and absolute Chinese junk not built to last.I am so disappointed to see once great American companies succumb to the economic pressure of building junk . I would rather they go out of business than ruin their good reputation . Do n't waste your money as the companies soul died some time ago .
 Bought this because they were advertising the model that Stanley says will keep hot beverages hot for 24 hours . Would n't even keep coffee WARM for 2 hours . Total rip off ... . Altrec said it was a warranty problem ? It was brand new supposeable . You know the story . Last purchase for me . I 'll stick to local stores .
 I got this bottle two days ago . About ten minutes ago as of this writing , I was unscrewing the top , and the metal outer layer just came off in my hand . I was looking into a dark , unpolished interior and the poorly finished underbelly of the plastic top . During these two days , all I have been doing is pouring hot water into it and keeping the bottle in my bedroom , since I 've been down with some sore throat . No rough use , even remotely . Made in China , marketed proudly by the prestigious Stanley Company . One star because it keeps the water hot until morning .
 I bought this to replace the one my husband has used for the past 15 years or more . The original works beautifully , but was looking very banged up , so I wanted to surprise him with a new one for his birthday . The new version is slightly lighter , which was actually nice . It still fit into the top of the stanley lunch box he uses . He prepares it just as the old one - pour boiling water in it and let it sit awhile before dumping it and pouring in his coffee . The old one honest to god would keep coffee hot 24 hrs . This new one only keeps coffee hot for about 2 hrs . I did n't realize Amazon had such a short window to return things . Now were stuck with this piece of junk , and my husband is back to using his old one . I wo n't buy any more Stanley products , and will only buy things from Amazon that I 'm 100 % sure I wo n't need to return , like books or music .
 This thermos has the Stanley name , but not the quality . Only keeps coffee warm about 2 hours . Now made in China . Emails to Stanley went unanswered . Do not waste your money on Stanley
 Bought the 1.1 quart around two months ago . It worked perfectly then all of a sudden it stopped insulating . I can not figure it out . It was never dropped and it was gently hand washed . I have the 2 quart version that was given to me as a gift 15 years ago and it is still going strong . I am very disappointed because I love this size thermos . Please Stanley bring back the quality control.Stanley Classic Stainless Steel Vacuum Bottle
 As others stated , '' ` purchased this item after ` reading reviews on this site but found later this is not so good as said . 100oC water filled in @ 9am became ~ 10oC overnight , a 90oC drop without opening the plug in the middle . If you use this for keeping temp at 60oC -LRB- from 100oC -RRB- in 6 hours , I bet it works for that but do n't expect for more than that .
 Stanley used to make a terrific product . I have a beat-up one-quart Stanley thermos -LRB- vintage 1978 -RRB- that still keeps my coffee or tea piping hot for hours . But this review is about the new , one liter -LRB- 1.1 qt -RRB- made by `` Aladdin/Stanley . '' This item is , in a word , junk ! My second one , which has about six months of service , has already lost it 's insulating properties . Tea that is steaming hot in the morning is lukewarm a couple of hours later . This thermos is a warranty replacement for the first one I owned that developed the same problem . You could literally feel the heat dissipating though the `` insulating '' sidewalls of the thermos . The original lasted for about six years , a better performance , but hardly a `` lifetime . `` In fairness to Aladdin/Stanley , they were excellent about honoring their warranty . After the first one died I simply emailed them the problem and model number and they sent me a new one . So the guarantee service was excellent , but not the thermos ! I 'd suggest you spend your money on another product or maybe look for an old vintage one at a thrift store or garage sale . Just remember to sterilize it before you use it !
 I had an old Stanley thermos that I bought at a church yard sale for .25 . It would keep my coffee hot all day long . It 's 3pm and I just poured a cold cup of coffee from the new Stanley my wife just bought -LRB- as I dropped my old thermos and broke the plastic top - it landed on probably the only place that could have ever damaged it -RRB- . Why ca n't they make the damn thing the way they used to - it seemed to work great for like 60 years . I think I will get out the JB Weld and piece the old top back together and have my wife return the new thermos .
 I purchased a Stanley Thermos that was clearly labelled , `` Lifetime Warranty '' , so when it stopped keeping beverages hot I called their customer service number and was told that in spite of how the product was labelled it is their policy to not replace older products . They said that the product failure is the result of wear and tear , in spite of the fact I have taken excellent care of it and it looks like it just came out of the box ! It has never been dropped , dinged or used in any unusual manner . The customer service rep said `` lifetime '' is not the customer 's lifetime but the product 's lifetime and their policy is that older products are not covered since their lifetime has expired . I do n't buy products from companies that lie and I hate dealing with representatives who can only keep restating `` policy '' versus truth in advertising . I used to give these Thermoses as gifts - no more , I have bought my last product from Stanley .
 Will not keep coffee hot . Less than an hour then coffee is too cool to drink . Nice container , looks good , does not leak , just not a thermos . Notified Stanley of issues but so far no response . Do not recommend .
 These Chinese made imitations just plain do not work . I 'd done tests , against a brand new Stanley-PMI bottle , a Stanley-Aladdin bottle , and a Thermos stainless steel bottle . Same volumes of water , same temperatures , same pre-heats . Thermos and old Stanley work great , the new Stanley was terrible . Is it too much to ask for hot coffee 6 hours after filling ? Most working people likely fill a bottle at 6AM , and have lunch at noon . Lukewarm is NOT acceptable to me , and should n't be to anyone . Do n't buy this product .
 Do n't waste your money on Stanley -- inferior products , zero customer service . Got this as gift from son after losing original on fishing trip . Loses heat a lot faster than the original , only keeps coffee hot for 3-4 hours at most . Old bottle kept it hot all day . From day one it leaked , started with just a couple drops progressed to steady , slow seeping after ~ year . Contacted Stanley , said they 'd send me a replacement cap & seal . Did n't get it , contacted Stanley again ~ 3 months later , said sorry , would send replacement cap & seal . Did n't get it , contacted 3d time , no apology this time , said they 'd send replacement cap & seal . Never got it . Wo n't ever buy a Stanley product again .
 I still have my 2 Qt Stanley thermos from 1974 . Beat up , scratched , dented , and still will keep my coffee hot for 24 hours while I am in the field.But I bought the new Stanley 1.1 Qt thermos with a new lunch box . This thermos is made in China and like all things made in China it is cheap . The thermos is light weight , tinney , of low quality steel , and wo n't keep my coffee hot for over 3 hours . I am a forester and I spend all year out in the field -LRB- and Yes ... even when it is snowing -RRB- . My new thermos is not worth what I paid for it ... in fact ... it is so light weight I doubt it would make a good paperweight . As for my old thermos ... it still goes into the field with me everyday ... and at night it makes a pretty good door stop.I do n't know what happened to the Stanley Thermos of a few years ago , but this new thermos is a waste of hard earned money .
 Complete junk . As with others I have noted a much lighter product and one that simply does not keep hot drinks hot or cold drinks cold.PMI , the people that bought Aladdin , really have no idea how to make things . Apparently all they do is design the product and pray to God that the contract manufacturer across the pond is building the product correctly . PMI should have kept the Aladdin factory open and the same people in place , but they decided to ship the job to China and charge the same price . Quality suffered big time folks.Instead of fooling with the warranty , I bought a vintage one off of ebay . The quality is night and day . The vintage stanleys were truly built to last . PMI can use the Stanleys history for their marketing ploys , but they can not steal the quality of the original .
 I have been a locomotive engineer for 35 years and have had a thermos by my side for those 35 years as my trips are between 8 and 12 hours long . Stanley put out a good thermos until the last two . In 2004 I purchased the the 1 liter Stanley thermos . After only 2 years the handle fell off and the thermos went from keeping my coffee hot for 6 + hours to keeping it hot for only 1 or 2 hours . To Stanleys credit they honored their lifetime guarantee and sent me a new thermos . However , while the handle performed better , after only 2 years the coffee stays hot only for approximately 2 hours . Thinking that the stopper might be the problem I replaced that for $ 9 . That did not solve the problem and I contacted Stanley . I was told to ship the thermos to Stanley at my cost . After the failure of the last two I decided what good is a lifetime guarantee if the replacements are also defective . I then ordered a Thermos King thermos from Amazon with free shipping at a good price . It 's arrives tomorrow so I will let you know how it performs .
 This is not the Stanley of old . Bottle claims to keep coffee hot for 24 hours , but after just 5 hours it is warm , and after 6 hours its barely warm enough to drink.Sturdy so if you just need something to keep your drink hot for an hour or two it could be usable , but it does n't do what it claims .
 I bought this thermos about two years ago , and immediately , I discovered that the cup came apart - the stainless steel came off the plastic . After about six months the thermos would n't keep my coffee hot . It will keep the coffee warm for an hour , maybe . I 've already ordered the Aladdin/Stanely thermos and plan to throw this in the garbage .
 I will start this review by saying that I already have two vintage Stanley bottles -LRB- both about 1 quart size -RRB- that my father and grandfather purchased a long while back . I purchased a new 1.1 quart Stanley bottle from a local store , not Amazon , but it 's the same product sold here.I wanted to do some side-by-side comparisons of vintage Stanley products to the newer products to see if the negative reviews were correct.These new bottles are nowhere near the build quality of the old bottles in terms of materials . The old bottles I have might be dented , have scratches all over them , and otherwise have been abused for at least 20 + years , but the weight of the bottles shows that there was at least more stainless steel used to make the vintage stuff compared to the much lighter weight bottle that I purchased new . I 'm not a person to complain without cause if newer products are streamlined or otherwise improved with new materials as years go by , but this is not really a product that improves by using thinner stainless steel to manufacture it . These bottles are likely never used anywhere that ounces of weight matter so I ca n't understand the need to go to thinner/lighter materials -LRB- other than being cheap -RRB- . I 'm also not one to complain without cause for a few things made in China instead of the USA . But if a company is going to make something in China to save on labor costs , and it 's a product that I want to be `` heavy duty '' for years of use , at least give me a good , solid product using the same grade materials as you 'd make in the USA . Stanley apparently does n't do this any longer . DId Stanley do this to make some extra profit and to also drive prices a little lower for more sales ? I 'd say that 's probably correct . I have a grandfather that is somewhat of a packrat and also one of those `` A place for everything , and everything in it 's place '' personalities . HE STILL HAD THE ORIGINAL BOX from his Stanley bottle that he bought sometime in the late 1960s . The price sticker on the box was $ 20 , same as the $ 19.99 I paid for mine at a local big-box store . Given that $ 20 was a substantial amount of money in the 1960s I 'd wager that inflation means an investment in a Stanley bottle back then was probably equivalent to about $ 60-75 in today 's dollars . Back then , when people put out that kind of money for this product , they pretty much demanded the kind of quality , materials , and workmanship that Stanley used to put into their products , and they wanted that $ 20 investment to last for decades -LRB- and it has with the old bottles -RRB- . Now , my $ 20 spent is pocket change , and I think the expectations are to get a few years out of this Stanley bottle and to buy a new one if it breaks . That 's sad.So how does the new bottle perform ? Not as good as the vintage bottles . I filled all three bottles with hot tap water as hot as it can run out of my faucet to heat soak the inside of the bottles . I then took boiling water from a pot on the stove , filled each bottle , and closed the stopper on each one . I screwed the caps on the top and put all three bottles into a kitchen cabinet so that there was n't any breeze or air circulation cooling them excessively . I let them sit for about 12 hours and then opened the stoppers for a very un-scientific finger dip test to see how hot the water inside each one was . The vintage Stanley bottles held the water hot enough that it was steaming when I opened the stoppers , and I could n't hold my finger dipped into the water . The new Stanley bottle had water inside it that I 'd consider to be somewhat hot -LRB- not steaming , not lukewarm , but in-between -RRB- but still not an acceptable temperature for what I want my coffee to be if Stanley is promising that it keeps hot for 24 hours.I give this product 2 stars . It certainly is n't a 5 star product because the materials are n't what they used to be , and that 's sad . It is n't all the way down to 1 star because the new product does keep liquids hot enough that you could probably use it for about 8 hours into a work day . If I 'm bringing home coffee after a 12 hour shift I am going to just pour it out and have a fresh cup brewed at home . 2 stars because if you ca n't get a vintage Stanley bottle that works like they used to promise , this is n't a terrible purchase for $ 20 . But as other people have pointed out in reviews , I 'd be worried about long-term performance if I bought this and expected to use it for 20 years .
 Stanley 2.0 Qt Classic Vacuum Bottle does n't keep coffee hot more than 2hrs . Product is cheap and thin and does n't even compare to 70 's or 80 's version 's .
 I bought one of these about 15 years ago . It keeps coffee hot enough to drink for maybe 2 hours if you preheat the bottle before filling . A better choice is the Thermos Work Series 1.25 QT . It keeps coffee very hot and drinkable ALL DAY LONG .
 I purchased my extra large Stanley Thermos bottle 3 1/2 years ago . I am a nurse and I was willing to pay the extra money because I needed the caffeine to stay awake on my different shifts . I had previously purchaesed a Stanley Thermos 20 years ago and it helped keep me awake many nights . Nice hot tea on the coldest of Cleveland nights . However I had to discard it finally as it was slightly damaged when my car caught fire - in fact the only thing left after the fire was the bare metal frame of the car and my Stanley ... and the Stanley exterior was only slightly tarnished.Recently , I noticed that heat was leaking through the frame and that my hot tea was cold within one hour ... it 's absolutely no good . I looked at the bottom of the bottle and yes , it is made in China . So , all of you `` new '' Stanley customers beware - it may look like an old Stanley and it may work a while , but it 's not an old Stanley . And I hold nothing against the Chinese workers who made it - they probably only made ten cents per bottle .
 This is the second Stanley that I have had in about two years . I use it every day for coffee . The steel on the inside of the bottle has craked and pieces of rubber like insulation are coming out . This is the same thing that happened with the first bottle . Made in China junk , pure and simple , never again .
 In comparison to my old Stanly this thing is junk . . I thought I had received and empty box when it arrived . They cut the weight , quality -LRB- and there Cost -RRB- by reducing the material used it manufacture it . . Not very happy with it and I think I will look to another brand if I ever need another one
 I bought this last week , used it once and the stainless steel collar that the stopper screws into RUSTED , see my posted picture . I called Stanley and the woman in C/S I spoke with needs to actually listen instead of reading off a script as from my perspective she made it sound at first as though it was my fault . She actually had the audacity to claim they made them from high quality materials . Yeah , right , all good quality stainless steel rusts after one use . The place I bought it from has had similar complaints and sent them back . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! Too bad as it really kept a cream soup hot for a boating trip.So I sent an email to PMI-Stanley complaining about the rust and how they outsourced this to China in 2000 . Here is what I said . ---------------------- `` To the Management of Stanley : I spoke with Nancy Domingo earlier today who after my asking told me that you sent this product to China in 2000 for manufacturing . Big mistake ! Are they are using inferior SS with too high an amount of iron ore to create them , hence the corrosion ? After one use the supposedly stainless steel collar rusted . Unless someone in your company follows up with quality control in China , you might want to pull manufacturing back to the US otherwise you are going to cheapen yourselves right out of a product since no one will want to buy it based on reading the reviews for it . I also understand that they used to be made with a stopper you could pour from and have discontinued that as well , there were complaints about that too . Saving 20 cents is not worth losing business altogether.It looks like this after ONE use . -LRB- I inserted a copy of the picture I posted here . -RRB- Speaking of which , you folks have waaaay too many bad reviews on Amazon , you might want to read them and get a clue . I have now added my own including the picture below.I tried to put a review on your website , I guess how unless it is a positive one you do n't want it posted ? It would not accept it just went to a blank page.Speaking of Nancy Domingo she definitely needs some training on how to handle customers with issues . If you have a tape of the conversation which took place today around 3pm PST please go back and listen to it . The biggest concern I have is that the replacement she is sending will do the same thing if it is made out of the same inferior materials . `` This is the reply I got.Dear Hillary , Thank you for your email and for being a loyal Stanley & Aladdin customer.Our products are made of high-grade stainless steel and will last a life time when properly cared for . If you are noticing corrosion that appears to be rust , it could be iron particles or residue that has contaminated the surface . To remove these particles or stains , a standard household cleaner may be used to free foreign contaminants from the surface . Soaking the product in a mixture baking soda and warm water or in white vinegar may also help . After using cleansers , always wash your bottle thoroughly as recommended in our care and use instructions.For more information on the latest happenings with our brands and products , feel free to check out our websites at www.stanley-pmi.com or www.aladdin-pmi.com.Once again , thank you for contacting us today and please let us know if we can be of further assistance.Sincerely , Tim S.Consumer Care SpecialistPMI - Stanley - Aladdin ------------------------ What a joke ! Really ? You use high-grade SS ? It should not rust if that is the case , remember SS is not supposed to rust . Do I look like I have stupid written on my forehead ?
 I bought one two years ago . Exactly the same , but with brushed steel finish . I paid a lot of money for it . After a few uses , I realized the unit did n't keep my coffee hot for the widely advertised 24 hours ... not even for 5 hours . I 'm a school teacher and it was really annoying to come home after a day of classes with the added burden of a useless vacuum bottle FULL OF COLD COFFEE . I then learned Stanley thermos are warranted for life , and went to the distributor in my country -LRB- Uruguay -RRB- . I must say they behaved like gentlemen and exchanged my defective unit . No questions asked . But ... the second bottle ... is more or less the same . So , I bought a THERMOS floating bottle . No problem . It keeps beverages very hot FOR WAY MORE THAN 24 HOURS . I looked for this thermos in Amazon 's site to give it a 5 stars review . Here 's the link : Floating Stainless Steel Bottle , A Stanley thermos ... NEVER AGAIN . If you read this review and still buy one ... do n't say I did n't warn you .
 The plastic screw lid , designed to let you unscrew it a just bit and then pour , leaks every time I use it , and it 's done this since the first day I bought it new . I 'm sure the product has good termal insulating properties , but with a leaking lid , it is useless to me -LRB- unless I 'm outside and do n't care about dripping liquids on the ground -RRB- . If dripping liquid on your pants , desk , car seat , etc. does not bother you , then go for it .
 Back in 96 , I used the green stainless steel Stanley 1 qt . bottle since my dad used them . Even back then , my coffee became cold in a few hours . Recently , I started working overnights again . I bought another green stainless steel Stanley 1 qt . bottle , which was worse then the first.Not sure about all these 4-5 star reviews.Get a Thermos Work Series 1.25-qt . BottleWork Series 1.25-qt . BottleYou will thank me .
 It 's a shame what 's happened to the Stanley company since they 've outsourced their production to China . My father swore by their products for decades , being a factory worker who had his Stanely thermos for 20 years taking coffee to work . Sad that this is no longer the case.To start , for those that do n't know , I need to explain how a thermos works . Basically , it 's two containers . There 's the outer container that you see , then the inner container that holds the liquid . The space in between the two containers is an empty vacuum . The reason for this is that you ca n't transfer heat in a vacuum , so this is what keeps the liquid cold/hot . If that vacuum seal is broken , then the thermos ceases to work . It 's just another big `` cup '' at that point with no insulating value at all.This said , I 've been bitten by Stanly FIVE TIMES so far :1 . -RRB- The first time I purchased one of the large green `` vacuum bottles '' -LRB- the 2 quart size -RRB- . It worked for almost a week before it lost its vacuum seal and quit working .2 . -RRB- Thinking the first must be a fluke , I purchased a second one . This one managed to make it 3 weeks before losing its seal .3 . -RRB- I figured maybe there was something wrong with the manufacturing of the green containers , so bought a stainless steel one . It worked for two uses , and the seal broke .4 . -RRB- Finally , now out over $ 100 in merchandise , I contacted the Stanley company . They sent me a replacement 2 quart thermos , but it was the green one again . This one made it two weeks , then lost the seal .5 . -RRB- Never one to learn my lesson , I figured perhaps there was a problem with the 2 quart size , so gave up on it , and purchased a smaller 1.1 quart . This one worked for almost two months , but then lost its seal.After the fifth failure , I contacted the Stanley company again , and this time was completely ignored . That was almost a year ago , and no response.Now , keep in mind that these are SUPPOSED to be heavy-duty , rugged bottles designed for the work site . Even still , I only ever hand-washed them and treated them with kids gloves , especially after the first failure.Stanley products are now garbage . That 's all there is to it . The sellout to China to do the production of absolute trash products has convinced me to never purchase another Stanley product again , whether a thermos or a tool . I 'm done with the company after this experience .
 not like old stanleys . heat tempered it , and by the time we get to the duck blind , cold coffee . unacceptable . very poor product .
 I have bought Stanley for years with great results . I have lost a couple and had others damaged at work but the last two I purchased were not worth the money . The first was great for about six months then it wouldnt keep my coffee hot more than a couple hours . I even tried pre heating with boiling water and that would only get me an extra hour at most . So I bought another one and after a month the lid started leaking . I purchased a new lid and it also started leaking after a month . Now I on here searching for a new one and it sure wo n't be a Stanley .
 I work at a local ski resort . I have to get up pretty early to head into the frigid temps of the outdoors . Last year this was a freaking awesome bottle which kept my coffee warm till 4:00 or later in the afternoon . I make the coffee around 6:00 am . If I preheated the bottle it stays warm a little longer than if I do not , but it would still be warm well into the afternoon.To make a long story short
 i have three stanley vacuum bottles -LRB- pint , 1.1 quart , 2 quart -RRB- purchased second-hand at various swap meets . i like to bring hot coffee to work in the mornings , but not one of these bottles is really good for more than 2-3 hours at best ! i prep it with nuked or boiling water around 9am , let it sit 10-15 minutes , then refill with hot coffee . the coffee is great till about 11 am , and totally lukewarm by noon . i hear these are made in china now but these are , to my knowledge , the older american-made bottles . at least they do n't say anything about china on the bottom.my boss has two old stanley ` beaters ' he got at swap meets , and his coffee stays pretty hot till 3 or 4 in the afternoon . am i doing something wrong?i called customer service in seattle and asked if there were any other complaints as to heating problems . i was told ` no ' , and that i would have to send the bottles in if i wanted them checked out ... at my expense , i imagine.in all fairness i must admit i hit the coffee pretty hard , so each time i open the bottle cool air enters . my boss , however , opens his nearly as often , and his coffee stays hotter much longer!after reading other reviews , it seems like about two-thirds of these bottles work satisfactorily , and a third are crap . i would definitely not buy one of these new , but would probably buy another used one if it were cheap enough . it appears to be a crapshoot whether or not i 'll get a good one though.i also have a ` thermos ' brand bottle that somebody gave me , and an old ` uni-vac ' that i got at a yardsale . the uni-vac is about as lame as the 3 stanleys , but the thermos works great ! i have opened it late in the afternoon and enjoyed hot coffee . it is cheaper-looking and not as ` cool looking ' as the stanleys , but it certainly does the job !
 From reading these reviews , it seems like there is a lot of inconsistency in units purchased . I just bought a Stanley 20oz Bolt Vacuum Food Jar and the food does n't even hold the heat for 6 hours . I have put boiling water in it for 20 minutes before-hand , dumped that out , and added oats and boiling water . 6 hours later , it is barely lukewarm . I have tried this two nites in a row . Then I read all the recall info from 05/06 and think that Stanley has real quality control issues now that these are being made in China . I am sending this one back and appreciate the posts that recommend different products .
 I hate the new lid design ! Every time I pour coffee , it drips and spills onto my desk and runs down the outside of the bottle . So I have to `` wipe-up '' afterwards . It 's really annoying . I miss the `` pour through '' lid immensely . Also , I use the `` cap '' , which is not insulated , as a cup , so the hot -LRB- very hot , I might add -RRB- cap does n't lend itself well to being used as a cup . Cheap , crappy design . I 'm looking for something else .
 I normally do n't write product reviews , but I 'm amazed how differently supposedly simple products with reputable names can perform . We 're talking , here , about vacuum bottles , not complex electronics or machines with moving parts.We have two three-month old daughters , and we needed a vacuum bottle to store boiled water for formulas . I bought the Stanley bottle , because Stanley has a good name , and it was by far the most attractive of all of the vacuum bottles . The color even matches our babies ' bed.I brought the bottle home , followed the instructions pre-heating the bottle with regular hot water , then replaced this with boiled , bottled water . To our shock , the bottle became almost untouchable after 1/2 hour . After four hours , the water was no longer hot . It seems that a product that was supposed to hold the heat was actually removing the heat from the hot liquid inside and dissipating it on the surface of the outside . Needless to say , I returned the bottle to Walmart and got my money back.Since our old Thermos worked very well , I decided to pick up a Thermos -LRB- The Rock Beverage Bottle # 2510RP -RRB- at The Sports Authority . Again , I followed the instructions and did the pre-heat . I was relieved that , after a half hour , the bottle was actually a bit chilled to the touch . With the Thermos , we 're able to store usably warm water for about a day and a half . In contrast to the Stanley , we 're very pleased with the Thermos and whole-heartedly recommend it .
 I purchased this item in 2008 . Now three years past , I think I have enough experience with this item for a review.First , it does not do a good job on keeping water warm long enough . This is due to its design . It has a steel inner shell , which itself is highly heat conducive . You can clearly feel the `` mouth part '' of the item hot or warm . This rapidly dissipates heat.Second , its build quality of low . The handle on my bottle broke from the body because the weld spot gave up . I have to use some steel wire to temporarily hook the handle to the body . Nevertheless to say , this is not neat and not so safe . I might have to throw this thing soon .
 I followed all the protocols of cleaning and warming up the thermos . Coffeee gets cold after two or three hours , which wo n't work for deer season.The outside of the thermos gets very warm , which clearly demonstrates the insulating properties are gone . I have switched to a Thermos brand , and love it so far . Longevity has yet to be tested.The older Stanley 's were incredible . Hot coffee all day ... and into the next morning even . The post-2002 models are not near as good . If you buy this product expecting it to last like the 20 year old ones you know of ... you will be disappointed.After discovering my problems with the Stanley , I got on here and read the reviews . I have the same message as the other guys . So after ordering my Thermos brand , I emailed Stanley to let them know they lost a customer , and if they put out a better product , their business might be more successful . Their email response offered for me to send the thermos to them , they would test it , and replace it if it was found defective . I politely declined . I do n't want them to send me another free crappy thermos , like others have reported on these reviews.Now that I 'm reflecting on it , they have a decent business model . Build an inferior product -LRB- that surely costs less than half of the old ones in production -RRB- . Replace it if the customer goes through all the trouble of contacting them and sending it in . Customers probably wo n't do this more than once IF AT ALL ... so their business remains just as profitable . Also , lots of people probably do n't pay attention to the warranty , and just buy a new Stanley every couple years . Sell more thermoses , make more money ... good for business.The rock-solid , lifetime-lasting thermos your father still has from the 70s , 80s or 90s does n't need replacing , so Stanley ca n't get any money from him . Stanley figured out that if you build a cheaper product , people will replace it more often , creatig more profits.Me , on the other hand ? I 'd pay twice this price for one that actually held up like my Dad 's old Stanley .
 I ca n't remember giving a product one star before . If you put boiling hot coffee inside , them you might have luke warm coffee at best in one hour . It has disappointed us on two road trips where we thought we would be drinking hot coffee . The older Stanley thermoses worked great but these I believe are made in China and the company really is not trying to satisfy it 's customers , according to all of the bad reviews on Google . This one is going back to the store .
 Large Size . I was hopeful . The outside of the bottle gets warm . I think that 's because the heat in the beverage is passing through . After two attempts -LRB- long drives -RRB- to enjoy this bottle I finally gave it to Salvation Army .
 This was a once great American iconic brand , and it was the best insulated bottle out there . Not anymore . Does not have the insulating properties that the older American made models have and the handles are spot welded and cheap . Do not buy .
 Purchased one of these after borrowing a friends for the weekend , he had an old one he had picked up at a thrift store . The new model does n't seem to do as good a job at keeping the liquids warm and does seem to be a bit ` cheaper ' feeling . The new model was stamped made in China on the bottom , not sure what the one I borrowed said . Luckily I was able to return this and am looking at other options .
 I received a damaged unit for starters . The head lamps are made of metal and they were crushed with paint flaking off . The quality of the product is poor . When I called Imperial to return the item the said to call Amazon , they do n't deal with third parties . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Ordered this for my son as we were planning for a long road trip . As I opened the box I noticed that these are urinal bags and not travel potties . Returned !!
 The bike arrived in great shape . Assembly went okay , and it looked pretty good and got approving comments on its looks . The parts seemed sufficiently solid at first . But the coaster brake was slow , and after a few hours of riding , over a couple of weeks , the bottom bracket assembly started falling apart . I tried putting it back together , but the thread was completely worn . Luckily I was able to return it . With a decent bottom bracket this bike would easily get four stars , but alas ...
 The title speaks for itself , I figure i would try one more time getting something from amazon , and I was right the product was damaged , the fenders were bent and tires did not want to go on , can not say how the bike would be , but looking at the frame would say better off going somewhere else for a bike , plus you need to try the bike before you buy them , do n't make the same mistake , take your money else where
 bolt on stem sheared !! after 2 months . Tell me if I should throw a lawsuit ... fortunately I did n't realize this while on the road . Overall , most and all cruisers are bulky and have poor balance . For simple and solid classic philosophy , buy rather Amsterdam bike . Import from Europe or Japan if you can afford to , or buy the US version from Electra .
 I was very disappointed with the sweatshirts I ordered . They were not the ` crimson ' color as in the picture , but a bright red , which is NOT Alabama 's color . I have found other hoodies in the stores with the right color .
 i wonder if they do quality control on these gloves . they 're great until you put on the velcro straps . When you move your wrists backwards they dig into your skin and hurts A LOT . just try benching in theses , you 'll regret it right away
 I 've gone through multiple workout gloves from harbinger in the past several years and have to say that these gloves are of poorest quality . First of all , the length of the fingers and thumb were n't sewn for universal use . This creates a small ridge right in the middle of your palm which creates a pressure point when lifting , and when you 're bench pressing a lot of weight , you definitely feel the irritation . The second thing I noticed with these gloves is that they tear way too easily . I 've only had them for about one month and I already have tears on the pinky side of both gloves . They obviously were n't constructed to last and I now i know I should 've just payed more for higher quality gloves .
 I was looking for a light weight gloves to lift with because my hands begin to ache when doing pull ups and deadlifts . Sadly , these gloves are not the answer . The velcro strap will cut into the back of your hand and if you do not use the straps then he gloves slides when you lift . It was a waste of money . Harbinger does have better gloves to purchase , but these are pretty lousy .
 Roughly every 2-3 years I order a new pair of work out gloves due to wear and tear . This pair of Harbinger lasted all of 2 weeks -LRB- 4 wears -RRB- . The stitching was so poorly done on 1 of the 2 gloves that the thread securing the rubber wrist band to the primary glove material came completely undone , resulting in the rubber entirely detaching from the glove itself . To minimize my hassle , I chose to have it restitched locally than go through the process of attempting to return the merchandise . To be safe , I would avoid this product/seller combination .
 The gloves are very stiff and do not protect your hands as they should , I ended up in more pain after lifting with them than i did without using them
 These gloves fit good and look good , but not much protection for the palm . I end up with constant calluses , despite wearing these gloves for every workout . I recommend spending the extra few dollars and go up in quality .
 I find these gloves very uncomfortable - the bottom side of the velcro straps have a very sharp edge that almost cuts into my skin and causes much discomfort . I have had to resort to putting tape across the strap edges to dull the edge , but the discomfort remains . I 'd return these if it did n't end up costing more than the gloves . You get what you pay for .
 Overall it 's a good product and is exactly what i was looking for . However , the Velcro straps are too stiff and they cut into your skin . Not sure if it is a design flaw or if a quality control issue .
 Stitching started to unravel after one use . Also , a hole started forming in the mesh back . I 'm not sure if I just got a bad pair , but the ones I received were poor quality .
 Received these and was disappointed with the detail tailoring - the tailoring around the finger openings is loose/sloppy . This allows the material to gather or bunch and can be uncomfortable.I ordered the Large based on other reviews - but I think if you measure your hand correctly , the sizing will be accurate.The final straw for me was the oversized velcro closure on the back - so large it digs into the wrist when you fold your hand up - I ca n't use these , they are a return for something else .
 I just wanted a basic lifting glove so decided to give these a try . When I went to put the gloves on I realized they sent me two left handed gloves ... which does me no good . Since they are cheap it 's not worth my time to send them back . I will just order a different pair form a different company .
 Thee gloves ar at best uncomfortable and difficult to use but are likely to also be painful to use . Literally . They are not well designed or tailored . There is excess fabric around almost all the fingers when using them which wraps around the fingers and causes indentations and consistent pain . Just not a good product . Really is n't worth the savings by getting what seems to be bargain set of gloves .
 I used these for work and about after a month , the padding on the right hand pad has already ripped . Nice and light weight but a bit on the cheap side .
 These gloves are not exactly what I was hoping . They fit snug but there is to much padding on them . It binds up while benching pressing and is very uncomfortable . I would suggest you keep looking and do n't settle on this pair .
 I had a pair of harbingers for about 10 years now . Always loved them . My kids put them somewhere in my house , but that 's not so useful when I want to go hit the gym . These looked the same on the site , but they are not . I am sending them back and figure I will have to order a more expensive pair in order to get the padding the old models had . The padding is probably half as thick and the stitching 1/4 of the strength of the older models . Hope I have better luck with the next set I order .
 I usually wear a size medium weight lifting gloves but these were tight and offered no protection on the joint in the middle of my fingers -LRB- used in pull exercises -RRB- . Size up or pass on this .
 My criticism of these gloves is that the leather bunches up creating painful ridges when lifting heavy , especially around the fingers . I 've been lifting for decades . These are n't terrible gloves , but I 've certainly had better .
 I lift weights 4x/week and these gloves ripped after 2 months of use . These are my third pair of weightlifting gloves - the other 2 were made in Asia and lasted 1-2 yrs each . This one feels good and provides adequate support to your hands , but I 'm disappointed with the quality - expected them to last much longer . Scouring amazon now for a new pair of gloves .
 I really hate it , I used the picture on your website that shows the best size for the handsI measured my hand size and I used it to decide what size is good for my handI found out that the best size is X-Large but when I got it , it was big for my hand
 I work out pretty frequently , but this particular item has been by far the shortest lived pair of gloves I have ever owned . The lower palm of the hand is comprised of paper thin leather , and ripped after about 3 weeks use .
 This glove is too rigid for me . Not much padding and the velcro tab does n't do much in terms of getting the right fit . Will return .
 I just received the gloves and the left hand is one full size smaller -LRB- and believe me , my hands are the same size ... I do n't have the problem of having one hand being bigger than the other -RRB- . Both gloves have a tag inside that say they are both M size , but the left is uncomfortably smaller . My best theory is that the warehouse some how accidentally attached a M-size-label to the left hand glove . Now what am I supposed to do with half a pair of gloves ?
 Buy these gloves size S because others had used the same make and fit me very well , but these fit me wide at the top
 These are only OK gloves . They will work fine for occasional use , but are not very well made and mine fell apart after heavy use . The stitching on the index finger was the first place to give.Also , these take absolutely forever to dry out when they get wet .
 Even though the look of the gloves is appealing they are very uncomfortable to wear
 I ordered these for my son 's friend for Christmas . . much to my embarrassment he returned them to me , after he went to go work out . He brought them over to my house and told me to try on the gloves ... I put on the first glove , the left one . . I went to put on the other glove to find out it was also a left handed glove . I guess you get what you pay for . The $ 7.00 was n't worth re-boxing them , going to the post office and waiting for another pair . . I just drove to the Sports store and got him a new set . . Left & Right !
 Bought for my son . Bought size 3 and was too small and are like size 1 . Did n't bother to return .
 The product itself is good however the sizing is quite off . I bought a size 2.5 for my 10 y/o daughter and they were at least one size too small .
 Perhaps before giving my review on this blade , the listers should make up their minds what it 's actually made of . In one sentence it says it 's a 440 stainless steel blade . In the description it 's indicated as being a 1095 high carbon steel ... VAST differences between the two . Tell you what , send me one of each , I will field test them both and give you a indepth review and comparison of how they each performed individually in basic survival tasks ...
 You must have a seat that fits the dimensions of this bag 's metal plates that actually attach to the seat bottom.If you do n't , and I do n't , this bag 's quick release will only be partially engaged . The next thing you know , the bag is riding on top of the tire .
 Not a terrible design , but does n't fit all . Some of the narrow and flat saddles , such as a Selle Italia does n't work .
 If it was n't for a shoelace I always carry in my seat bag , I would have had to stuff the thing in my shirt after both plastic guide rails broke off in a normal ride . I might have had the whole shebang mounted a little too tight , but golly . I fell victim to the cheap plastic mounting system mentioned by quite a few others here . I like the bag , but I 'm going back to straps . Oh , and the seat mounting piece never worked on my Selle Gel Flow .
 The wedge pack cargo compartment is fine -- this review concerns the means of mounting the pack to the bike . For anyone riding more than a few hundred miles a year , I judge the `` fixer '' solution unlikely to last more than a year or two . For a road cyclist , the repeated shock of hitting pavement joints , patches of rough road and tree-root ridges is just too much for the plastic to take . Mine lasted 18 months before the fixer sheared clean off ; fortunately I had the foresight to stow a long piece of Velcro inside it to use as a workaround to get it home . The quick-release buckle version of the Topeak wedge pack -LRB- I tried the medium size -RRB- is also not impressive , as it was difficult to get it snug enough to not wiggle sideways.I sent the QR buckle version back to Amazon and purchased the medium-sized Timbuk2 seat pack at REI . Its interior capacity is only 24 cubic inches -- smaller than the Topeak small-size wedge pack , which is 28 CI -- but it got the job done . It holds a multi-tool , an 18/23c inner tube , two levers , a patch kit , a CO2 cartridge and a small CO2 nozzle . Any other support gear that I need , such as a second CO2 cartridge or some first-aid items , can fit in a corner of a single jersey pocket . It detaches and attaches to the bike nearly as fast as the Topeak `` fixer '' solution -- three quick Velcro operations . It does n't wiggle . And for the snobs among us -LRB- like me ! -RRB- it is really TINY on the outside , therefore it 's stylish as well as lightweight .
 I have broken two of these and will not be ordering any more Topeak products . I contacted Topeak and was told just call to order replacement parts . The sliding mecanism that secrures the bag breaks . It is very cheap plastic . Maybe this would be ok just for road use but not on a mountain bike .
 Used this for a grand total of about a 1/2 hour and the bracket that connects the pack to the seat sheared right off . And I was only on a paved road . It 's unfortunate b/c other than that it seems like a pretty well constructed pack . I 'm now going to try the velcro pack to see if it 's any better . But the plastic bracket -LRB- Fixer -RRB- was extremely poor .
 Just got this item on Friday.Install was easy . the wedge pack look great.try to get the pack out by pressing the plastic quick release tap.must be my bad luck . the plastic quick release tap break right when i press it . O well , back to Amazon it goes .
 I have owned this bag for four months . Very pleased at first with storage size and ease of installment . After 3 months of riding -LRB- xc and back roads 50 + miles a week -RRB- the cheap plastic , that connects to the seat , broke . If you do any riding over bumps , curbs , gravel or trails beware , next thing you know you will have your bag flapping on your rear tire . I had to jimmy rig the bag through the reflector strap to the rear of my seat with a nylon cord . They should have put either metal or another velcro strap at the top .
 The ball came in plenty of time . There were no instructions included on how to inflate the ball . I had to contact the company to get the instructions . The foot pump is terrible . It whines like a dying animal and is impossible to inflate it to its proper size . I am getting a different ball soon .
 This ball had been used for maybe two weeks by my wife . Was a present to her , so now I feel bad I even got it as she feels like she broke it cause of her weight !! -LRB- weighs a mere 140lbs -RRB- It worked beautifully for that period , I do want to contact the company and see if they send a replacement out . If so , I will change the review.It inflated easily and did n't deflate . Seems like everyone else enjoys it so I probably just got a bad one , but my wife did not abuse it , only used in the living room so I hope they back up their product .
 The flag is great , looks Great . The problem is the listing shows it comes with the Pole , which IT DOES NOT ! The picture sure makes it look like a package deal . The item description states that it does come with the metal stand which is wrong . Look for other sellers as This site has falsely labeled this product . You will be disappointed if you think your getting the whole package ! I 'm rarely disappointed but they really blew this one . I bought two , one for myself and a family member and now I have to return both !
 It was advertised to come with a plastic stand . The only thing in the box was a flag -- no stand . Really disappointing on game day !
 I have ordered countless things online and have never been compelled to write a review before . I was completely ecstatic to `` Bears '' down my sons room . Let 's keep in mind that he is 19 months old , so he takes up very little space in his twin size bed nor does he actually ever use this comforter for his blanket . We have had the set for a whopping 6 weeks and already the Bear silkscreen is cracked and peeling off . Since we do n't use it for his blanket we have n't even put it through the washer , I ca n't imagine it being able to endure that since it has n't endured six weeks of being basically a decorative throw . Disappointed does n't even begin to describe how I feel .
 I orderd this for my daughter and she thought it was an offwhite color . When it came it was periwinkle and with a color called `` helio '' we didnt know ! I have returned it and continue to wait for a black one on backorder ...
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 The katana looks great ! When I bought it , it a very nice feel to it and felt good in my hand . As far as looks are concerned , I would give it four-and-a-half stars . But when it comes to actual quality , as in whether you can really use it or not ... well ... it did n't last very long . I used it in a short film I made in several intense sword fights . By the end of the movie the blade was hopelessly nicked , scratched , and mangled and the sword itself had broken into three pieces ! It is definately NOT full tang ! Good for display , but not for actual use .
 So cheap -LRB- the bag itself is OK -RRB- that is not worth returning , just gave it away . Still not pleased with the fact that I tried on 3 different saddles and it did n't fit .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 The product photo is not of this product . The photo would infer three screws -LRB- one to clamp the lower ring to a base , plus two to secure the upper ring to the lower ring -RRB- . What you get is the vertically split type -LRB- two screws only -RRB- that must be simultaneously tightened onto the base while also tightening onto the scope .
 Warning
 I ordered this blue shirt -LRB- small -RRB- for my 3 yr old , and it failed within a few wearings . The company did immediately replace it at their cost but that one too has failed . I also ordered the black shirt -LRB- medium -RRB- too for my 6 yr old and that has just started to fail now after 3 months . We do not swim every day so I was pretty disappointed .
 We have never had a board as bad as this one . Using the recommended tips we get bounce outs and false scores constantly . The darts will wiggle in the board after the shot and score many times what they should . Sometimes a shot to the outside will shake the inside plates enough to score . We have it solidly mounted on the wall running the 120 volt power supply . We are in the process of looking for another to replace this one . We do n't even feel right selling to someone else it 's so bad .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I purchased this bag because I liked the clip for easy removal . It also kept the bag from swaying back and forth . However , The bag constantly opens by itself while I am riding . I have lost all of the tools from the bag and almost lost my car keys . Two of my friends also bought this bag and had the same problem . They lost all of their tools while riding trails . We called the company to let them know about the problem and they did not seem to care . If you ride rough trails like we do then NEVER purchase this bag . If you just cruise down the road then it might work for ya .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I did n't like the cut of this shirt , it 's too boxy . I looks like I 'm wearing a plastic bag or something . I know it 's for working out or playing basketball , but I just hate the way it made me look . It 's not as light as I hoped either . I prefer light weight clothing when I work out . I 'm trying to lose weight and this shirt gave me a complex . I only wore it once ! And now that the summer 's over , I doubt I 'll wear it again .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 the product sent to me was different than the one shown in the picture . It turns out you at Amazon had 2 different products listed with the same order number . The wrong product was sent to me and it was very frustrating because we were leaving in 2 days for vacation and supposedly there was nothing you would do to resolve the problem in that short period of time . very upsetting and will probably never order anything from Amazon.com again !
 I ordered this and instead of what was pictured , I got another product with a hole in the center for a rider to sit . Worst part is I paid express shipping and Amazon did not give a shipping refund -LRB- even though it was promised -RRB- - what a rip off
 For $ 94 you would have thought that this product was finished properly - no . The pull line for detach has four balls on it , however was not knotted . The balls slide off . Easily fixed with a knot , but what sort of product quality is this?The product looks otherwise solid , however I might jump overboard to test it first - just to make sure that the other components were tied together.Not impressed .
 The `` one '' side spot is larger and does n't match the spots on the other sides . Further , when they arrived the material was dingy and yellowed . Also came with a tag sewn into the seam that was difficult to remove without damaging them . I wo n't use them , and since the shipping and handling charges were close to the price of the product I probably wo n't bother returning them . Cheap , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 yankees rule dont by this anyway it has bad cottton so by a yankee jerseyps this is just a fan but if it were a yankee jersey i would give it 4 stars
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 These socks were purchased for my husband who has MS and experiences coldness in his feet . The socks barely warm and the shank of the sock is so tight that they are uncomfortable to put on and take off -- and my husband is thin . The manufacturer also said that they are not returnable . This is something I did not know until too late .
 This is probably one of the worst purchases I have ever made-I wore these socks with my boots while working outside and they hurt my feet horribly-the wire goes under your toes and after a few minutes it feels like you are walking on rocks or something . I was limping by the end of my work and my feet hurt for two days afterward . Aside from that , they barely even got warm ! The only way I could ever wear these again would be around the house with no shoes on . Definitely a bad purchase !!
 Although I do n't know why I initially had high hopes for the performance of these socks , I did none the less . My husband and I have both attempted to find warmth from these `` D '' battery powered electric socks-and failed miserably . More warmth can be gained from the disposable air activated warming pads one can purchase at a gas station for a meer $ 0.99 than is possible with these socks . Needless , to say I have been quite under impressed by this particular purchase .
 Lectra Battery Heated Socks did not warm my toes . I could barely feel any heat before I put my feet in the socks . Once I got outside , the only warmth that I got was from the wool in the socks . The battery connectors did not seem to make continuous contact .
 No wonder these socks are always on `` SALE ! '' I bought a pair to use while skiing . The first time I used them , it took about 30 minutes to feel any heat at all , and it was just barely noticable . The second and third times I tried them , there was no heat at all -LRB- with new batteries -RRB- . The weight of the batteries and the location of the battery pouches guarantees that the socks will not stay up , but will bang against your ankles or lower legs as you walk -LRB- or ski -RRB- . Part of the poor heat problem , I think , is the poorly designed battery connectors which do n't make good contact with the positive end of the battery . Do n't waste your money .
 These battery powered socks dont even keep your feet mildly warm ! total waste of money dont buy !
 After reading the scores of negative reviews and my own experience with this product , I am amazed that they 're still on the market . I wish I would 've read some of these reviews before I plunked down $ 25 on these lemons . The heat output is almost nonexistent despite using huge , heavy `` D '' cells and a large , uncomfortable heating element . The company recommends periodically removing the battery to avoid overheating your feet , which would be good advice provided you 're using them in the tropics .
 i could n't even feel any heat . i put them in the fridge to see if they felt warm compared to other items in the fridge and i could n't tell a difference . they were a huge waste of money !!
 Not really that warm . The weight of the batteries make the socks slide down . A disappointment .
 my daughter bought me these socks , and I have worn them for the first time today . After taking them from the box and putting them on - they were uncomfortable you can feel the wires and mine dont work even though the batteries are brand new . very disapointing
 I live in New England and drive a school bus that puts out almost no heat in the driver 's area . I purchased a pair of Nordic Gear Lectra socks and gloves . The first time I wore the socks it was 8 degrees outside . Initially I felt no heat from the socks but after about 1.5 hours the balls of my feet felt a little warm . Unfortunately , the top of my toes were still ice cold . I am wearing the socks as I write this , having put them on a over an hour ago because my feet were cold . I feel no heat at all in the toe area . It seems that it takes quite a while for the heating elements to warm up , so essentially you lose several hours of battery life just for the socks to warm up to the point you can feel it.As other reviewers have noted , the battery weight causes the socks to fall down . Not only that , if I wear the socks so the batteries are on the outside of my legs they hit the bus seats when I go down the aisle during my seat checks . If I wear them so the batteries are on the inside they knock against each other . Why Nordic Gear opted for `` D '' batteries instead of a pack of smaller `` AA '' batteries baffles me as the capacity -LRB- milli-amp-hours -RRB- would be roughly the same and the `` AA '' holder could be made curved to better conform against the leg . I also do not understand not putting in some sort of on-off switch rather than having to totally remove the battery to turn the socks off.Unlike other reviewers I have not yet noticed the wires while walking but I do question why the wires would be situated under the balls of the feet where they will see the most amount of wear and stress . I am also curious as to how long the contact spring and snaps will last after repeated washings.Considering the manufacturer 's report that a `` D '' size battery should last 6-8 hours , this means a pair a day . I bought a 6-pack of alkaline `` D '' batteries for $ 6 so that is $ 2/day . There are a lot of cold days in New England and I really ca n't see spending $ 50 - $ 100 in batteries for something that does not do a proper job of warming the feet.Every website I have visited that has reviews for these socks have shown a low rating and pretty much the same comments . A technical website reported that there is less than 1 watt of heat generated along the wire strip , so contrary to what one reviewer reported , the socks will not get hot . And unless you have well insulated boots/shoes , the little amount of localized heat is not going to matter at all.I have considered getting some higher capacity rechargeable batteries but really am unsure whether it is worth it since I really do n't have any other devices that use this size battery.If you are considering this product I would recommend otherwise unless you have access to an endless supply of free `` D '' cell batteries .
 The Lectra Sox either did n't work as advertized . Only the slightest amount of warmth could be felt . What a waste of money
 The socks did not warm my feet and only when worn for hours did I feel any heat from the heating elements
 I ordered these and sent them straight back . I didnt try them on or turn them on . Was not listed in the product info on Amazon about the battery life . When I got the box I read on the packaging that they require 1 D battery each sock , and the battery life is UP to 6hrs per battery , or 2-3hrs using rechargeable batteries . I wanted socks that I could use daily for a whole day skiing - this would mean I would get through 2 D batterys per day and still only have a short day of warmth.I have no idea how warm they get but the wire for heating is only in the toe.Disappointed with Nordic .
 Do n't waste your money . They did n't work for me they are heavy and maybe get a tiny bit warm . . They dont even heat on the toes . I used them when I went snowboarding . It said wait a few minutes for them to get hot and I put them on at 6 am and wore them until 4pm ! They didnt get warm ! I do n't think it should take longer than 10 hours . I tried different typed of batters to . .
 The electric socks I purchased never worked . Even though I called the company 3 times , I was never called back . Poor business , and I will not use them again , and you should n't also . Lgard
 They just do n't work . I brought these to Wisconsin , it was 4degrees outside , I put new batteries in , I did not feel any heat , maybe in a little warmer setting it would be noticeable . But if it was warmer you would n't need them ...
 I can not get them to get warm no matter what I do . Have tried even when it was hot and can not feel any heat .
 I suffer from Raynauds syndrome and my doctor told me to buy heated socks and gloves for the winter.I have tried these socks twice and they are not adequate . I have tried different batteries butto no avail.I will have to try something better .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the way this little compass looks ; it 's easy to read and seemed as though it would be very handy . I 'm a kayak fisher and clipped it onto the front of my PFD for quick reference . Unfortunately on the first trip out the plastic holding the compass to the pin broke and the compass fell off and rolled around the yak . It still works fine , but no longer has a pin attached . I can keep it in the pocket of my PFD now for reference if needed - but if I wanted something more durable , clearly , I 'd have to spend a lot more money .
 Thought I could use it in my car , but the one I got points to or away from all kinds of unseen objects . Even in the house it 's drawn more to the clock radio than Polar North . Not particularly useful for me .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 its a good workout buy my boys are 7 and 11 and they just were n't interested . The guys talks and acts kind of silly which makes it worst . we did it once together and thats it .
 yankees rule dont by this anyway it has bad cottton so by a yankee jerseyps this is just a fan but if it were a yankee jersey i would give it 4 stars
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 The scope description says repeatedly that it has the BDC reticle . I received the scope and it had a Nikoplex reticle . VERY disappointing .
 I am VERY upset that this scope came with a Nikoplex reticle and not the BDC !! DO NOT buy if you want a BDC reticle < they lie !!
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 yankees rule dont by this anyway it has bad cottton so by a yankee jerseyps this is just a fan but if it were a yankee jersey i would give it 4 stars
 Although Seiko is a trusted name in watches , this watch misses the mark . The irridescent blue face makes it difficult to read the time . Plus the date is so small that you 'd need a magnifying glass to read it . I returned this item in favor of a larger face .
 This streamlight is a Chinese piece of junk that is not at all like my original streamlight , I 've already replaced the bulb with the spare provided , it gets extremely hot , I mean the whole light gets hot not just the bulb part ! If you do n't have the adjustable lens screwed all the way tight then it keeps dimming and is just annoying and when it is all the way screwed in tight the light is spread out all over so you really ca n't see long distances . This thing is junk and I wish I never bought it ! I do not blame the seller but I do blame streamlight for making junk now and also not honoring the lifetime warranty they use to offer ! Chinese Junk like everything else !
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I guess I should have known by the price -- it was too good to be true ! The flag itself is very nice . Unfortunately , you do n't get a garden pole . Instead , you get a plastic rod and a suction cup -- to be affixed to a window ?? VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 This product never worked . I bought it because I needed it immediately due to shortage of beds and impending visitors . Visitors slept on concrete slab floor because the mattress deflated at once . I am returning this product .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I should have taken the advise of those that did not provide an adequate rating for this item . Moral of the story , you get what you pay for . Flimsy , cheaply made mold . If all you want to do is store your shotgun/rifle in the closet so the firearm doesnt collect dust , its pefect . Aside from that , forget about using it for anything else . It really sucks !! $ 35 bucks down the tube , I 'm having several regrets buying from Amazon and will reconsider buying something sight unseen ever again . Be smart , spend $ 100 bucks on a sturdy stainless case and you wont regret it .
 Got this as a last second case so my husband could bring his guns home to ALASKA from CA where we are stationed ... We could not bring them with us because even with FOUR locks on the case . . The security people could still open the flimsy case to get a gun out ... I know it 's cheap but it 's not even worth the 30 $ they charge . Merry Christmas to my gun deprived husband .
 Kinda flimsy , but what do you expect for $ 25 ? One of the snaplocks came off when we were closing it the first time.I have a common Remington 700 and it slides around in the case.It will serve the purpose of storage , but thats about it.I would not travel with it more then from the house to the truck and back and make sure it stays flat or padlocked because it would come open with as flimsy as it is .
 Brand new out of the box , the hinge on this case was sprung . It 's a piano hinge and the interlocking pieces were so deformed , there was no possible way for me to get them to lock together properly . I reboxed the case with the intention of mailing it back to Amazon . Missed the 30-day return window . Now I am putting it out on the curb for recycling.That hinge is critical because when you hold the case by the handle , the hinge is below your gun . If it fails , your gun -LRB- and scope -RRB- will fall onto the ground . As it was delivered , the hinge was broken and there 's no way it would have held my rifle.Lesson learned . When you gamble on cheap products like this , MAIL THEM BACK TO AMAZON ASAP . This case is junk . On the plus side , it can be recycled .
 I purchased this case for simple transportation of my hunting rifle between the hunting sight or range and home . I did n't expect much of this case . It arrived and I must say , I am not impressed . They talk about being the most crush resistant , and thick plastic . I can see the crush resistance . The pillars would probably protect the gun from being crushed under certain loads . Other than that , the sides are SUPER thin and flimsy . The whole case flexes easily , even when fully latched . This is not a solid case at all and I 'm wary about even moving my rifle from home to the range in it . Its just too thin and cheap and flimsy to be of any real use . The latches are cheap plastic and are weak . I grabbed it by each end and twisted and two latches popped open . I 'm not going to store my $ 1200 hunting rifle in it . Its just not worth the risk .
 Very cheap quality . Bottom of the barrel in every way . Plenty of other cases to choose from , do n't buy this one . I returned it , 30 seconds after opening the box
 You would think the seller would put the length in the details or somewhere.Is it `` One size fits all '' ? Most rifles come in different lengths .
 I returned this product the same day I got it . While it is relatively inexpensive , you can get -LRB- for the same price -RRB- a Plano case at meijer that is 3x stronger than this one . All I wanted this case for was transporting my Rem . 870 to and from the range . While it technically could achieve this purpose , I felt as though the case would break on the way . The plastic is very flimsy . The padding is ok -LRB- good enough -RRB- , but like I said , Plano makes other cases for the same price that are much stronger .
 One of the latches broke the second time I used this case for transport . Somewhere between checking it in at the airport to receiving at my destination the latch completely came off and is loss forever . I know airport workers are n't known for their gentleness , but this is just pathetic quality . However , you get what you pay for .
 This case is very weak structurally , handle twists when lifted with the gun inside . You got ta be careful not to stack any thing on top of it because its surface easily sags and pushes against the rifle inside . I think I 'm gon na give it away and buy something better !
 Not really happy with my new Plano cases . They are bulky ! The interior padding is not glued or fastened to the case , so that every time I open the cases , the padding falls down from the upper half of the case . There are protrusions that are intended to re-enforce the strength of the case , like as though I 'm going to run over my rifle case with my auto , therefore I need a super tough case - but - these protrusions do nothing but get in the way and consume space . My rifles slop around inside the case , figure that the foam is insufficently thick to actually squeeze the rifle between the two pieces of foam . so that my rifles will lay flat , but do n't pick up the case - cause when I do - I can hear my rifle sliding around inside . Not happy . I 've had better cases at cheaper prices . Thought Plano was a good brand , thought I 'd try Amazon - but , after placing several online orders with Amazon and other online venders - I am begining to think that the best way to buy is NOT online , but to see the item in person . Online when you purchase something really nice , is a bargin - but , online purchases that do not work out to your satisfaction , become only a hassle , cause you lose your shipping costs , and pay return shipping . It 's a lose - lose situation .
 I bought two of these cases for a couple of my guns . Both are very cheaply constructed in comparison to another hard case I have . The hassle of sending them back is n't worth it for me . I will use them until they are junk . Maybe in a few years they will end up in garbage can and I will continue perpetuating the American throw-away society ... These cases are CHEAP ! If your guns are expensive , spend the money and get something decent , not these .
 This case has much to be desired . It just feels cheap compared to the Plano pistol cases , which I like.Pros : - Big - Several lock pointsCons : - The clasps keep popping off of the case - Foam is not substantial - Does not feel sturdyI would not travel with this case . I use it to and from the range where it does n't need to be packed with other things .
 This case is barely okay but has one huge problem -- the handle . The handle is so flimsy , I do n't know that I would be able to trust it to carry the case with anything in it .
 This case does not have dense foam , so your rifles will slide around . They dont have flat ends , so they cant be stood up in a closet , which is assinine . They also have poor hinges , that will come undone.They do not seal tight , and while they do not claim they do , you would expect a better fit from plano molding . After all this is all they do - make plastic crap . This however , is made of plastic , and is crappy . Not the same as my other plano gear.Buy if you dont care about your gun . But if you really dont , you may as well just carry it around in a duffel bag .
 They sent me a defective item , plastic hinges are damaged so that the case can not be closed , trying to contact Amazon and will follow up with review . Do not bother to buy if you do not have time to send it back and forth . Extremely dissatisfied . Made in the USA but so inferior quality ! I post some pics later on of the damaged part .
 I didnt even order this and I still had to pay for it because they would n't take it back . So I had very bad service
 The foam padding is not thick enough to hold the rifle in place allowing it to rub against the plastic case . This would result in damaging the blued finish and/or the wood stock when the rifle slides down while carrying it . The rifle only weighs 6.5 pounds , not especially heavy . I sent an email to Plano `` customeer service '' explaining this and asked for advice and never received an answer . I would not reccomend this case to anyone who values their rifle .
 I took the other reviews with a grain of salt . I knew this was n't a $ 300 rifle case , so did n't expect much , but this thing is worthless ! There is no way to describe just how flimsy the plastic is , but the cardboard box it was delivered in had more strength and rigidity . As for the foam , as others have stated , it 's totally insufficient . I 'm not talking about throwing it around and expecting it not to move , but I put my 10/22 in with scope , closed and latched the case , picked it up , set it back down gently , and the gun had already moved a couple of inches down onto the pillars . I did n't even take a step , did n't shake it , just picked it up . As for the latches , one of them fell off in the first 2 minutes.I thought I 'd give it a go and did n't have high expectations , but this thing is completely worthless . I was hoping for a bargain , but I guess , sometimes , you get what you pay for .
 Cheap , Flimsy , Loose padding , Inadequate padding ... So here 's what i did
 I was incredibly disappointed with this case , but at the price , what can you expect?The case arrived and I could tell already that this was not what I wanted . The plastic was flimsy -LRB- too thin by far -RRB- , the edges sharp . Holding the handle bit into my hand , even when empty . Add 7 lbs of rifle , and you 'll not be enjoying this case.When attempting to lock down the 4 clasps on the case , one of the hinges actually snapped off . It 's easy to put back on , but it would continually pop off . Very unreliable.The foam interior falls off whenever you open the case . This looks and feels embarrassing when you go to the range . Also , the foam is not thick enough to hold items in place . Items rattled down to the bottom of the case when picking it up and moving around.While it 'll protect your gear , this is definitely a keep-at-home case . I eventually moved onto the Uncle Mike soft gun case and could n't be happier.Note
 Hinges separated from case the day I bought it and case fell apart-first time opening the case . There is no metal in the hinges . They 're ALL PLASTIC . Poorest quality gun case I have ever seen ! I returned it the next day .
 Got this on whim on a lightning deal . It 's fine for storing your long gun in the closet but not for toting from home to range or hunting ground . Very thin and flimsy . It now only houses my 30 year old BB-gun .
 If you just want to look like you 're a real sportsman , this looks like a gun case but that 's about as far as it goes .1 . - the foam insert is thin enough so that you 'll have to add more padding to keep your gun from sliding around inside it .2 . - The case is flimsy enough that if you want to lock it , it will take at least three locks . Any less and you simple flip either of the end latches or the center latches and slide the gun right out .3 . - As long as we 're talking about locks , take the case with you when you buy the locks . I bought a set of four Master padlocks and had to use extreme force the two end locks closed .4 . - Do n't even think about flying with this `` airline approved '' case . They will take it but the case offers very little protection against damage . And , you will probably have to replace at least one of the latches .5 . - The photo of a pickup truck backing over the case is obviously photoshopped , either that or they poured the case full of concrete.I 'd expect a lot more from a US manufacturer . Buy something else if you really care about your rifle .
 At the airport , the case did n't keep it out of the rain , so my gun got wet . I had to air it out and clean the gun .
 I received the case and it is exactly what I expected . The problem is it was n't sent in a box so one of the latches is missing .
 The price is pretty attractive , maybe too attrative . When Ibought it , it simply does n't work , can not run for more than12 hours . The manul seems alos weared , looks like an returnitem . I asked for exchange , told amazon run out of stock .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 Bought and sent an -LRB- Iowa Hawkeye -RRB- garden flag w/pole to my granddaughter in Amana , IA . Unfortunately , the winds in the area where she resides are to strong and it blew away twice . After finding it a second time in the mud of an adjacent field , she decided to nail the flag to a post on her back porch . Anyone need a garden flag pole ?
 yankees rule dont by this anyway it has bad cottton so by a yankee jerseyps this is just a fan but if it were a yankee jersey i would give it 4 stars
 The size says fits all , but it would not go on my 1999 Ford F150 steering wheel . While trying to put it on it split at the seam . I had to use duct tape to secure it on my steering wheel . Do n't try this on Trucks is the best advice I can give .
 The item was damaged when I received it and it was a present . now I have ordered a new one to replace this one .
 My new golf ball display case arrived in time for Christmas ... that was the good news . The bad news was it did n't look very good when I took all the wrapping paper off . For starters , the acrylic plastic door that protects the balls had numerous scratches in it - one that ran the entire length right down the middle . The wood frame looked good from a distance but upon closer inspection it also had numerous scratches/blemishes . Finally , the case came with 63 wood tees that the balls sit on . Approx . 10 tees were too flimsy to actually hold a golf ball . I ended up having to use a glue gun to secure the tees enough to hold the balls . The case is now hanging up in my office ... thankfully in a dark corner so you ca n't see most of the blemishes . This is definately ' a case ' where you get what you pay for ... the case cost much less than I have paid in the past for display cases ... now I know why ! I have sent the company 2 emails to express my concerns ... but have not yet received a response back from them .
 I had to return the first cabinet I received because it had over 10 gashes in the wood ; it looked terrible . The replacement they sent me was a little better , but still had some scratches on the wood plus lots of scratches on the plexi-glass . They said they could n't send me another one because the problem is more widespread than they originally realized .
 Very cool looking tool , but I broke it twice the 1st time I used it . I was pushing a pin from a campy chain and part of the support broke off where the chain is held . I had to push another pin so I used second set of `` teeth '' , this broke as well . I ended up using my compact chain tool without any problems . But would not buy secondary to durability issues .
 I purchased this stroller as an attempted replication of the Bugaboo Frog . While this stroller is more rounded , there are similarities between the Frog and this one . Unfortunately , Fisher Price neglected to include quality during their cheap replication.I found this stroller to be a major annoyance to my lifestyle . I frequent go on cruises and the large wheels never fit through doors of staterooms or other rooms on the ships . It does fold easily , but having to fold the stroller each time that I want to go through a door is not my idea of convenience.Another annoyance is the fact that this stroller stained quite easily . The basket underneath even caught any little crumb or spill that my child happened to drop upon it.The handles are too tall for the petite woman such as myself . I ended up letting my mom use this stroller for walking my son or other mediocre tasks . Getting by at the mall or into small stores is futile with this Fisher Price stroller.The major , and actually dangerous problem with this stroller is that it happens to have very poorly designed chest straps . My child can easily slip through them and jump out or fall out . We have resorted to having to knot the straps together at the top , which is a bit idiotic . Perhaps that is why FP left extra strap material on top?So in the end . I own a Bugaboo Frog and I own this Fisher Price model in the same exact color shown . My Bugaboo does have this beat in looks , safety , and efficiency . But this product does fold a lot better than my Frog does . So if you are looking for a cheap imitation to the Bugaboo , please look elsewhere !
 Here are a few problems with this stroller : * it 's heavy * the seat is uncomfortable for your baby * the safety harness/straps are very flimsy and cheaply made and a pain * the stroller is very wide set so you will not fit through isles in stores , not good for the mall or shopping ! * no cup holder or tray for baby * basket underneath is good sized but short so taller items will fall out!I got rid of this stroller-it looks like a bugaboo but is so darn wide that I would bump into everything!It does have a nice smooth ride and is easy to maneuver but that it about the only positive thing I can say !
 yankees rule dont by this anyway it has bad cottton so by a yankee jerseyps this is just a fan but if it were a yankee jersey i would give it 4 stars
 I do n't like this top at all . From the reviews , I was expecting a nicer fabric , with more support . I 'm very disappointed .
 I EXPECTED this to be for the gym to sweat in . It is more like a chemise . It is a cotton blend -LRB- does not wick moisture away from you -RRB- the built in shelf has NO support at all -LRB- I would NEVER do a 5K in it -RRB- I 'm not gon na go through the hassle of returning it ; I 'm just going to keep it for summer as the pattern is nice and will match with anything .
 you do n't see note until you receive productSeller note
 yankees rule dont by this anyway it has bad cottton so by a yankee jerseyps this is just a fan but if it were a yankee jersey i would give it 4 stars
 I got these tire levers because they had good reviews and they looked extremely sturdy for their weight . They 're worthless ! The very tip on both the big and little lever broke off the first time I used them ! Do n't waste your money on these if you want a firm tire lever , bite the bullet on weight and get some aluminum ones .
 Why does n't your sales reps listen to the customers ? I told them that the ticket on these hats says Large , but in fact they are small and they have a small tag on the inside back of the hats.I would have liked to have one of these hats in the large size , but I 'm just too tired to keep trying to get one ! Thanks for hearing my complaints . Emery Bowen
 I bought this and was very disappointed in how flimsy it was . I can easily bend it . Do not buy . Pay a little extra to get a more sturdy license plate , maybe one made of hard plastic .
 If this is an official NBA game ball then I 'm confused . Years ago , I had a NBA leather ball , and this is not even close to being similar . Okay , granted if it takes time to break-in , I was n't inclined to be patient because it also had a erratic bounce . Two fellow ex-college hoop friends that I play with also encouraged me to return for refund as there opinion was also negative .
 i 've always wanted to have an nba game ball , so after seeing the price they had for one here i had to get one . but i seem to feel disappointed . If you see this ball at the store it feels hard slick like great leather . but to my surprise this ball did n't feel like that at all . I guess it is because it the limited edition classic ball , and Spalding used the rest of the leather that was left good , or bad to produce these . the ball feels like the pebbles are big , the patina feels cheap.It seems like the breaking in process would still not help it that much . If you get the balls that they used now that have the new design but still made of leather you can totally tell how different they are . Well I wont play with it , but i guess ill keep it for aesthetic value since its a limited edition classic ball , but i wish it was good enough to play with , guess i have to shell out $ 99 for something worth playing with .
 I 'm sure it 's a great ball but it takes ages to actually break in one of these . Spalding told me it takes 9 months to break one in and I 'm starting to believe them . There are other balls that are a much better value than this ball .
 shortly after i bought it , it no longer works . should have registered the waranty !
 This item is not a St Louis Cardinals Baseball controller , it is an St Louis Rams Football controller . Very disappointed as we are huge St Louis Cardinals Baseball Fans , however , was not able to give this as a Christmas present to my Son .
 I typically use a more streamlined sock . This one came off as way too cushioned and did n't breathe well at all . My foot was wet and full of fuzzies . It would be a decent winter running sock .
 NOTE
 I go swim 3-5 days a week and I would say that this towel absolutely useless for everyday use as towel for swimmer.It is extremely small and does n't wipe off your body like any other synthetic towel . Your body still wet after using this towel .
 I bought this speedo sports towel for my son . He wanted the blue towel which was more expensive than the pink one advertised . It arrived the next day , and although small , it was bigger than some that I have seen.My big complaint and my sons too was that after two uses it turned WHITE . So much for paying extra for a blue one .
 absorbed well but lost color in one use at a community swimming pool . i used this for springboard diving so i might just tie die the washed out colorless shammy and reuse it
 I DID N'T LIKE IT , BUT I THINK YOU HAVE TO USE DOES STRECTH SWIM SUITES
 The towel was fine the first three times of use , but later no matter that I followed all care instructions , started to smell so bad
 Worst ever ! Goes flat after 2 days . Called customer service for return , they tell us they are sending another replacement and do n't give us the option to return it . Guess what ? That goes flat 2 days after we get it . Called service again and get no response this time when I want to return the 2 pieces of flat useless rubber.Never got my money back . Worst customer service !
 This ball has not held up under playground play . It may be fine for home use , but after two weeks of 4-square play , at 15 minutes a day , it began going flat . Kids loved the size , but it wo n't hold up through even 15 min of play now .
 Thought it would be like the playground balls we had as a kid . Pumped it up to the specified pressure on the ball and it bulged and then popped . Very disappointed in the product .
 Item came defective . We infated the ball , only to see that the seam was coming apart . Used the ball for about an hour and it popped . There was no button to contact the seller to even ask to ship another one . DO NOT BUY .
 I 'm always skeptical about other reviews because many times people do n't take the time to read the instructions or have unrealistic expectations . Well , I read the instructions and properly inflated the ball just below the recommended pounds per square inch of air pressure . I even let it remain this way indoors without kicking it for a couple of days.My expectation was that the ball would be round - it was not . I now have an egg shaped ball I need to return . I would not suggest buying this brand .
 I had ordered this ball as my son previously had one and it is an ideal bouncing one for a 4 y old.The ball received was an old discolored ball that was not even the color that I had ordered . Crappy product or end of line that has been on the shelves for years apparently
 Bought this for a kickball league . After the first game the ball became egg shaped and unusable . I picked up a new ball -LRB- different brand -RRB- at sports authority for less money that seems to be holding up better . Oh well ...
 I play a lot of dodgeball and we tend to use these balls a lot . I purchased this one for myself so I could practice more on my own and the first day I used it the thing popped . It did n't even pop on a throw , it rolled into the grass and bumped the fence and all you could hear was `` tssssssssss '' . Maybe I got unlucky but it definitely makes me leery of buying another .
 I was disappointed to receive the balls flat ! Opening on Christmas morning was a dud . It does n't say it in the description nor is it reflected in the picture .
 I was disappointed that this ball came flat . I should have been told that I need to go buy a football pump to be able to inflate it before it could be used .
 I received the order yesterday only because I botched about it . I PAID for 2day shipping and it took 5 . The holster is plain and the paddle does.t work as.well as most others . You get what you pat for .
 The gnome is cute , but it is extremely light so it falls over every time the wind blows . The colors also faded fast , I 'd say within 3 months .
 The exterior of the new spalding balls get roughed up quickly when used on an outdoor court.I had an older Zi/O from the late 90s and used it fairly often ... until buying two new balls this year -LRB- spalding zi/o and a spalding tacksoft -RRB- . The Zi/o ball has panels that are starting to peel slightly -LRB- not peeling severely but the black underneath the orange panels is visible on two panels -RRB- after about 8 months of rare use . And the tacksoft looks like I 've been playing with it for multiple years , after about 2 months of heavy use.Both the Zi/O and the Tacksoft seem like good bargains for INDOOR balls and have great grips , but they are n't made for outdoor use cause the grip wears quickly on both balls . Spalding needs to step its game up .
 I have purchased this ball before , a few years ago . And have tried several different ones throughout the years . This ball used to be a good top of the line outdoor ball . From day one the panels started coming up at the seams , I tried to ignore it for the most part . Also has a fake feel to the skin itself , channels are not too deep , and the grip itself gets slippery pretty easy . I have played for about 20 years , and have a pretty good feel for the game , primarily run PG and SG on the court so the feel of the ball is important to me as it is for many other players . I did not attempt to return this ball , I put a blade in it to end the misery , and so noone else would have to use such a crap ball.Should note that the previous ball I purchased was great , it lasted a long time and had a good feel . It 's possible this one was a bad batch , but seemed to be doomed either way .
 The first day I went out for some outdoor shooting -LRB- last week -RRB- it got pinched in a harmless bushes . I felt it was too soft material since the very beginning , and now it is useless after a little scratch . I just wanted a durable ball and I was able to pay a good price for it . Anyone has a real recommendation for me ?
 When i noticed that a new spalding basketball does n't compare to my older one - seems to be made of cheaper material , I brought it back to the vendor and told him I wanted one not made in china .
 Honestly I 'm disappointed that I did n't buy this locally or least look there first . Once this ball got dirty it was no better than any other ball out there . Most of it 's grip is gone within a week of using it .
 Had it for about 2 years , and lately the leather cover is peeling off and does n't hold air like it used to when new . Majority of use was indoors , so I know I have n't been rough with it . I do n't know that the average life span of a basketball should be , but I 'd consider paying a little more and getting one of better quality .
 Very comfy grip , very sharp blade . Easy to open and easy to close , with one hand . Fits in my pocket and its a rather large blade . All that 's left is to see if the Knife stands the test of time . But right now this blade doesnt appear to be standing the test of time . I 'm getting signs of rust already and i 've had it for around a week . THe blade is discoloring and has a bunch of brown spots . I 've barely used this knife to cut simple things like plastic or in one instance to scud some deer hide . I 've kept the blade clean and dry . Last wordDissapointed
 It 's small , light-weight , and is supposed to work on both types of valves without switching any parts . I bought it at my LBS for a mountain bike and put my Topeak Road Morph G -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- on a road bike that needs higher tires pressures . This pump sticks on a schrader valve , so in pulling it off , I whacked my finger on the brake disc twice , and got a nasty blood blister from it . At 40 lbs it 's extremely hard to pump and I could n't get the tire over 48 lbs . With the Road Morph G I had no trouble getting the tire to 60 lbs . I would n't recommend this pump unless you have very powerful arms .
 terrible pump , ate three tubes in a row , very hard to remove on presta tubes , snaps the heads off , and you will never get your tire past 40psisurprised Topeak did not recall and dump the lot !
 I have an entire set of CAP Olympic Weights and needed one additional 5 lb plate as I somehow lost the other . Those are great and I have no issue with them whatsoever . This CAP plate appears to have missed Quality Control . The inner ring with the hole was not shaved appropriately and there were tiny &#34; bumps &#34; of iron - therefore making it impossible to slide onto the barbell . Rather than return it , I just decided to write it off as a loss . I just wont buy online anymore .
 2 stars because they way close to five pounds and they fit on my barbell , other than that these are very cheaply made . Lumpy cast marks and painted by a blind elephant .
 This product did not work well for someone 6 feet tall . I had to walk hunched over to reach the handlebars .
 The treadmill is on an uphill angle . It is very easy to fall off . The screw head to the exercise computer broke off , and the remainder of the screw is stuck inside the screw hole . There is no phone number for the manufacturer on the treadmill or in the owners manual . Apparently it was on the box which we had already discarded before we realized we needed it . I would not recommend this product and would like to get rid of mine .
 This is very hard to set up and to store , track keeps slipping from side to side , you can not just walk , the frame is weak , and shaky very unhappy with this item . would not recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this treadmill and returned it within 3 days . The sensor that controls the computer did not work . The treadmill 's track is too short . I am 5 foot 7 and was unable to take a full stride on this thing . I would suggest buying something else or walking around the block instead of using this .
 This product is not well made . The runner is thin and it does n't look like it will hold up after use . We returned it the day after we purchased it . I was amazed at how fast we recevied the refund . I gave it two stars for the refund only .
 NOt good ... . not good at all . In the description it states that it 's very easy to put together ... . well , it 's a nightmare . I 'm a single woman ... . and very busy ... I do n't have time to mess around trying to figure out how to put this thing together . I bought this for that reason , that it was suposed to be very simple . Just know that when buying it . Now , if I can ever get this thing up and running , I 'll review it further , but as of now ... . it 's not worth it .
 I got this it was easy to set up but almost not able to be3 used ther is no flow my girlfriend calls it a accident waiting to happen .
 Loved the idea of not having to plug it in , but ... Just go for a walk . Much more pleasant . Even in the cold.Also discovered my dog hated it . He kept trying to rescue me by knocking me off it . Very dangerous .
 It did not arrive on time , and I attempted to contact them 3 times regarding a question I had regarding the product with no response . It took them almost a week to get back to me .
 I had read the other reviews before buying into this treadmill and figured I went in with eyes open , as it were . Well , it did n't work out for me in the end , unfortunately . Because the treadmill is on such a steep incline -LRB- required for it to work via gravity -RRB- I had to keep a death grip on the bars to stay on the machine . That and walking at such an angle ended up being quite hard on my back . Finally , despite the tread being well lubricated and in proper alignment it would randomly stop moving as I walked ; there was no way to guess when it would decide to take a pause , making the whole walking experiencing difficult and obnoxious .
 directions hard to understand . Tension on treadmill is inconsistent and treadmill is on a permanent incline . Stay steadfast and you will indeed get your exercise on it.Easy to store .
 I purchased this product after a decent amount of research - and evidently did n't do enough . I 've owned manual treadmills before - a lot cheaper - and much better quality . THE BELT STICKS - THERE IS BARELY ANY FRICTION - which makes it very difficult to achieve any consistent exercise routine . DO N'T BOTHER WASTING YOUR MONEY !!!
 Crap!Mat does n't roll smoothly , its starts ... rolls for 2-3 seconds then stops hard . I greased it , adjusted it , greased it again and had minimal improvement . Yes it 's quiet and its sturdy but the roller mat does n't slide over the slick board . I returned mine .
 The Phoenix 98516 Easy UP Manual treadmill is a menace . It is difficult to use and control the speed . The treadmill is built so cheaply that the belt slides around , causing bursts of speed . It is rickety and you can not adjust the incline up or down . It 's garbage , I am going to donate it to charity .
 This treadmill was more difficult to use than I expected . It was easier walking on the ground than on this . I would jog to make it move faster , but sometimes it just stays there . I did n't take the trouble to buy lubricant because I assumed it would work properly and over time , will be easier to use , but I was wrong , so I had to return the product which was difficult in itself since I threw the box away . I had to get a new box which was first rejected by UPS then I had to buy a new box again . It was difficult to use and also difficult to return .
 For anyone thinking a small manual treadmill might be the way to go , you may want to think again . I got this thinking its small size would be an asset , as I could store it anywhere I chose . But I soon found out that manual treadmills are a hell of a lot of work , they are much harder to use than a motor driven treadmill is.As others have stated this thing has no height adjustment on the rear , so in my experience the angle this treadmill sits at means I end up going a lot faster than I would like , and the tension adjustment seems to do next to nothing in terms of changing the speed . I ended up having to build a small wood platform on the back so I could adjust the level of the treadmill as needed.Also after only one use 3 screws holding the bottom part together were already stripped out and I had to re-secure them with wood glue , so its not exactly the best built treadmill you will ever find either .
 I received this on Dec 9 , I was supposed to get it on Dec 8 I might add , it was late ... I still have not been able to really use it because the bolt that holds the computer was not included in the package ... so I can get on it and try and use it but I will have no idea how far I am going , what speed , or how many calories I have burned . I had to contact customer service at Amazon because of the bolt , I searched all over the internet for the phone number to Phoenix and could not locate it . I spoke to Jordan in Cust Serv , who tried to send me a bolt similar to the missing one but they did not have it . I insisted on the phone number and he could not locate it either . His idea was for me to receive another treadmill , take the missing bolt from that shipment and send it back ... I refused returning stuff is such a mission and I thought to myself ... that would be messed up , sending over a whole treadmill 2 ways for one little bolt ... he seemed a little perturbed when I declined and insisted on the phone number to Phoenix ... after 48 minutes , including a 14 minute hold . He got the number from a supervisor . I contacted Phoenix and they will be sending me the bolt . I hope that it gets here soon because I have not been able to use the treadmill as of yet , that is why I have given it 2 stars ... I might update it later .
 This treadmill is a piece of junk ! We followed the instructions , but could never get the belt tight enough . The monitor kept falling off and the belt kept moving to the left until it started to fold over . We sent it back in less than a week !
 I hate to be so down on a product , but this treadmill broke the first time we used it.For the price , you 'd be better off buying a stationary bike from a used sporting goods store . My husband picked this out , thinking he 'd like it more than the electric treadmill -LRB- he does n't like the noise , I wear headphones when I use it -RRB- . But it was wobbly , he thought the wobbliness would disappear once he was walking , but instead it broke.Major disappointment .
 I received it today and put it together myself and it 's terrible . I did n't expect the world , but I did expect the noise level to not be as bad as it was . The grating noise it generates is because the belt -LRB- no matter how tight you make it -RRB- hangs just enough at the bottom to touch the 2 metal guides that keep the belt on track . The grating noise is so bad , I really have no intention of using the machine again and after putting it together I really do n't have the strength to take it apart to return it . Bad buy.Update * I fixed the noise issue but the track jerks and you ca n't get a good walking pace because it slips and jerks as you walk on it . If I make it loose , it will move to the left or the right , If I tighten , the tread wo n't move . . Update ** I 'm right now trying to figure out how to fit it into my small garbage can outside . What a waste of money ...
 Even tightening the belt the fullest , it was too lose to use . Do n't buy if you 're over 6 ' tall . Arrived with a broken computer circuit board . Piece of junk .
 This thing was so infuriating , I trashed it within 48 hours of receiving it . It had a mind of its own . The belt kept going to the right no matter what I did . I followed the directions diligently . I loosened the belt , centered it , and it immediately went right despite my doing the adjustments given in the manual.I did get about 3 minutes of exercise before the belt folded over and I could do nothing with it . I was so infuriated , I just wanted to get rid of it , and I did . I had a Denise Austin one before and had no trouble with it for over a year . Bit this contraption had a mind of its own.According to the other reviewers , I guess I just got a lemon .
 After reading reviews for this product , I thought I would be getting a treadmill that presented somewhat of a workout challenge and expected it to work well seeing how it seemed like a pretty simple product . I was wrong !! First , the belt is way too loose ! I followed the instructions on tightening the belt , but it still is way too loose . Once I get on it , it goes so fast that I could practically fall of the back of it if I was n't holding on . And the belt also slips , it will go a little slower and then all of a sudden go really fast which makes your walking motion way too uneven . One of the main reasons I got it is because I read it would give my legs a workout , but it moves so fast I can hardly stay on . Also the electric box does not work . What a pain !! Last thing I want to do is send this huge thing back , but guess that is what I will have to do !
 It 's wobbly , it 's cheaply made , it does n't really allow smooth movements , it 's hard to use even when you follow the instructions perfectly , and it 's not worth the money , even if it seems like a good deal . Do n't buy this . I recommend an electric treadmill , even if it costs more .
 Rather than buying a $ 110 clipper that is not what the professionals use , why not buy an Oster A-5 1 speed for about $ 95 ? You do n't have to unscrew the blade every time you have to change it , and they can be sharpened many , many times . Ask your local groomer or veterinarian what type of clipper they use . You 'll find that none of them use one of these crappy -LRB- but costly -RRB- clippers . Ask them how many times they can have THEIR blades sharpened !
 This pump has a nifty system for attaching to a schrader valve . There 's an outer sleeve that contains the seal , you screw this on first . Then you screw in an inner plunger by turning a knurled ring behind the first sleeve , this breaks the seal of the schrader valve.Removing the pump from the valve is the reverse procedure , first retracting the plunger , then releasing the seal . The beauty of this system is that you do n't lose any air from the shock as you are unscrewing the pump.The failing is that because the outer sleeve and inner plunger have to seal to each other , and to the hose between them and the pump body , the inner plunger is REALLY DIFFICULT TO TURN . I 'm talking painful , frustrating , sweating , tiring , try the other hand hard to turn . I dread using this pump . -LRB- And before you say `` Well , just thread them on together ... '' you must still turn the inner plunger part to break the seal , so this approach is no easier . -RRB- ========================================================================================= Follow-up : I wrote to Topeak technical support and they exchanged the pump for me . I did have to pay to ship the original back to them , but the replacement pump is much easier to thread onto the shock valves .
 The pump tube busted after two uses . The first time I used this on a Fox Shox , it worked flawlessly . The second time I use this to fine tune my road bike tire pressure , the rubber tube make a loud poping sound and was busted .
 I used the shock one time to air up my rear shock . The pump is very small and has no leverage making the pump a pain to use and the hose busted when I was at 200 psi . Next time I will go with a brand like Fox or Rockshox .
 I bought this for my 2011 Recon Gold front fork and it did not work . Had major issues with trying to get air into the fork , needless to say I was disappointed with this product . Perhaps it was n't designed for my fork or I got a flawed one , I dunno , try you luck if you have the extra money .
 After 15 yrs of using shock pumps I recently bought this model . Used it first time on a Fox Float RP-23 and the hose connecting pump and shock did burst in a loud bang . Like fireworks , but right next to your ear . Not funny , potentially dangerous.I usually like to get a lot of bang for the buck , but maybe not with my shock pump . Topeak delivered a lot of bang , and thanks to Amazon I got my bucks back .
 i purchased this watch pretty much to save myself from buying one for about double the cost . when i received the watch i found out why : the band is what you would find on a very cheap watch / the box makes reference to being made in germany , however the watch clearly states , `` made in china '' / the directions were poorly translated / and the sealer of the deal for me was that the mode button was very poor - sometimes it would advance two modes ahead on one press , other times it would n't advance at all.i 'm definitely returning itTAKE CARE !
 Bought this a year ago today actually.First of all ... the band broke after one month ... then ... the casing started to wear showing that the casing is actually painted on ... that is not the true color of the casing ... and then ... this weekend while on a hunting trip I noticed that no matter what direction I was headed ... it always said NE . Luckily a friend brought a compass and we were able to find our way back to the truck ... and ultimately me back to my PC to write a review for this terrible product.So ... consider this you warning ... and BUY SOMETHING ELSE !!!
 I bought this thing for about $ 20 plus shipping from Homeland . It has a 12/24 digital display , which is easy to see , it tells yopu what day it is , and that part is easy to read . It has an alarm that has never failed to wake me up , and a light you can press to see what time it is at night.I bought it , however , for a trip to France , as I thought the compass , the light and the alarm would be really useful . The compass , no matter how many times I `` calibrate '' it , by spinning it around clockwise -LRB- it recommends 3x -RRB- is never accurate , not in Miami , not in Paris and not in the Pyrenees , either.The batteries -LRB- it has two -RRB- are not the most common , but are readily available , and I had to replace them after one month . Maybe I used that light too much . The compass ceases to display first -LRB- it never ` works ' -RRB- , then the face gets dimmer and dimmer and goes blank .
 I scanned a host of web sites looking for an economical compass watch . This watch looked great on the web site and I liked the options so I ordered . Well , Oregon Scientific sent the wrong one . We started over . As another reviewer noted , the chrome effect wore off fairly quickly . I was frustrated because the LED was nearly impossible to read without turning my wrist for a ` straight-on ' reading . To my chagrin , while changing the watch band the LED went flat and disappeared altogether . So much for a watch that lasted less than a year . Get a real compass and find another watch .
 My wife bought this watch in Feb 2003 . I liked it at the first sight . However , the alarm kept ringing till the battery was running out . And then I opened te case and changed it . The inside looked pretty bad . Moreover , the alarm does n't work anymore and the casin g is easy to peel off . The last thing I want to mention is that the warranty is only 90 days . -LRB- I guess there will be something wrong in you watch after that time -RRB- . BTW , I came from China . `` Made in China '' does n't tell the product is good or nottell you much . We can make good stuff .
 I received a huger/sensor watch for xmas and no manual.I ca n't even figure out how to set the time.After extensive looking around on the internet , I could not find any information at all . I think Huger/Oregon Scientific/Whoever , Should have that information available to people like myself , THE CONSUMER.Thank You Very Much.Gary Litchfield .
 I bought these weights thinking it would be hard to make a bad weight . I was wrong . The edges are chipped and rough , the plate has some gouges in it , and the paint is sloppy and came off on my hands . I 'm guessing they actually weigh the right amount , but I doubt they will fit smoothly with the other plates or rotate evenly -LRB- this is important for balance -RRB- . I would not buy these again .
 2 stars because they way close to ten pounds and they fit on my barbell , other than that these are very cheaply made . Lumpy cast marks and painted by a blind elephant .
 I received this a few days ago and was eager to try it now that the weather is turn colder . The other day , it was about 40 degrees when I got out and my hands were freezing when I got to my destination 8 miles later . This morning it was drizzling when I went out for a ride . It turned to light rain a few minutes later and my hands were soaking wet . Product advertising says windproof and waterproof but it is neither . Since I already used it , I ca n't return it anymore - a real bummer ! I bought this specifically for the colder and rainy weather that is upon us now . It looks like I 'm going to have to buy another one - one that works .
 While touted to be very warm these gloves are not . After 30-45min mountain bike rides in 25-30F temps , my fingers were cold , with fingertips numb ! Also , once hands get a little sweaty the gloves adhere making them hard to take off or put on . These are not good winter bike gloves ! If I could send them back I would , but have used them once so I 'll have to eat the loss . I 'll look for something better .
 I 'm a NYC bike messenger.I found these gloves by typing `` waterproof cycling gloves '' into amazon 's search bar . I read some reviews and then decided to buy them gloves for winter riding . I 've worn them twice so far on colder -LRB- NON-rainy -RRB- days for night riding , and they were great - kept my hands nice and toasty.However , today NYC got hit with a pretty nasty nor-easter . I had these gloves on , and I swear I was at risk of serious frostbite 5 minutes into the storm . The gloves soaked through from the snow , and my hands got so cold while riding that I had to stop every 25 blocks to run them under warm water . Let me put it to you like this
 completely worn out in the palm and fingers . used a little more than 1 season and the gloves are completely coming apart
 These are adequate for the fall but I bought these with the intention of using them in the winter < 35 degrees but they do not work . The tips of the fingers are freezing numb by the time i get to work , and my commute takes about 30 minutes . The gloves are also poorly designed the inner layer is extremely difficult to place back after you pull them out of the shell . I think the best thing to do is to get a pair wind proof goretex gloves shell and a layer like polartec .
 Yes as stated they do work well in the fall . but as for anything below 40F with wind . they just do n't cut it . There 's always wind here in germany when I ride in the winter which makes these gloves unusable until the weather warms a bit ! I read the other reviews and thats why I bought these gloves . I was even sucked in by the pics lol ! they are pretty though . Anyways look for somthing warmer if you can !
 I love these PB Borealis gloves , actually . But I recently bought a pair from BikeSomeWhere Storefront on Amazon and the glove was made of a strange foamy material , not to Planet Bike standards . The material that covers the top of the hand has large pores , but the real Borealis glove has a tight-knit material . The palm of the hand is like spray-on foam , but the real Borealis glove has a leather/suede palm . My husband and I each got a pair from Amazon -LRB- sold by different companies -RRB- , but the size large from the BikeSomeWhere Storefront is questionable . Do n't buy these gloves from the BikeSomeWhere Storefront company .
 But I agree with the other 2 star reviews . I 've use these ONCE -LRB- once is enough , as they are at the peak of their condition , and they do n't function correctly -RRB- . I also bike to work , and its about a 4.5 mile bike each way . It was ~ 25 degrees out this morning , and i figured I 'd go to these , my `` winter '' gloves from my thinner fall gloves.Halfway through my ride , my wrists and hands were getting sweaty , while my middle finger , index finger , and thumb were all halfway to numb . They are certainly not windproof , and judging by the look of the material -LRB- this is not confirmed , as it was n't raining this morning -RRB- they would n't be very waterproof either -LRB- there is plenty of felt-y material on the gloves -RRB- . Do not buy ; they would n't be useful in any temperature condition , since at 25 degrees , the hands are too hot -LRB- which would remain the same for any temperature above this -RRB- and the fingers are too cold -LRB- which would be true for any temperature below this -RRB- .
 Pros + Good fit + Good exterior grip + Good interior comfot + Four finger design is a good balance of warmth and controlCons - Lack of water proofing pretty much defeats the purpose of warm all-weather biking gloveIf by some chance , you 're in a place that 's cold but never wet , these might be a good option . If you 're exposed to snow or rain , these gloves appear useless . I returned them and exchanged for the slightly less versatile but waterproofSugoi Firewall Z Glove .
 This is a bulky glove but it is ineffective at near zero and below . Even with a wool liner my fingers are in agony after 15 minutes of riding at a moderate pace -LRB- and hence moderate wind chill -RRB- . No wind protection at all . OK for 35-45 , but even then it may be possible to get as much protection with a lighter glove ,
 Gloves do not keep out the wind-chill at all . They say they are for the winter/fall and are supposed to be windproof/weatherproofI 'm sure they work great in the fall -LRB- 50-60ish degrees -RRB- but in the winter they fail miserably.If you are wearing good glove liners , I 'm sure that would work just fine with these , but come on , we are living the future here and we still ca n't get a pair of gloves that actually keep your hands warm despite the temperature outside?I used them once , hand was frozen within 2 miles of use , against wind on a 30 - degree evening . I commute to and from work on a bike , it 's a 3 mile ride each way , I should n't have freezing hands in that short amount of time.I returned them and bought another pair that hopefully will do the trick .
 The gloves are overpriced for their temperature range . My fingers get numb if the temperatureis in 30s . Protection wise it is not better than my $ 8 Burlington coat factory gloves .
 They were heavier than I imagined . They are heavy winter glove/mits . The last two fingers are fused together . I had no real finger control wearing them . Heavy gloves .
 This canopy is too small for the kids to enjoy . Items that you bounce on top fall off quickly and the canopy is not big enough for the kids to go under to make a mushroom . I only have 2 children and it was still too small . Get at least the next size up .
 The weight plates were very pooly packaged . The boxes was twice as wide as needed . The boxes were ripped and torn . The weights were chipped and scratched .
 Ordered two of these . One was OK . The other one had a 1 1/4 - 1 1/2 inch long , 1/4 - 1/2 inch deep gouge/chip on the outer edge - see the two photos I uploaded . The manufacturer knew about the defect and tried to cover the gouge/chip with paint , which is obvious , since the shade is different.Found a couple of other reviews -LRB- 10 lb plate -RRB- that also mentioned poor quality control from this manufacturer : CAP Barbell 10 lb Gray Olympic Weight PlateCAP Barbell 10 lb Black Olympic Weight Plate
 After the first washing , the shirt had a hole in it . I was disappointed because it was soooo cute .
 We bought this trimmer with the intention of doing some light touching up around our labradoodle 's face . We could n't get this to cut through her facial hair at all . Perhaps it would work well on a dog whose hair is n't as curly and thick . After reading reviews we are going to pay the extra money and get an Oster A5 clipper .
 I purchased this unit through a dog catalog . I loved the idea of having the option of both cordless or corded , but mainly wanted the freedom for cordless trimming , so I could make the mess outdoors . The trimmer fits nicely in the hand . Although I am able to trim my Affenpinscher 's face and ear area to some extent , it does n't quite get through some of her thick fur . I also attempted to trim my Norfolk Terrier 's coat as well , but it wound up VERY uneven . I wound up resorting to scissors , which defeats the purpose of why I bought the trimmer in the first place.If you want a trimmer that basically is for a quick touch-up , this would be for you . The battery died quickly on me . I would say I did n't get more than 15 minutes of trimming time . I guess I 'll have to revert back to my old corded trimmer.I highly recommend the Oster name . The brand has always been a reliable one .
 Literally on the first day that I used this pack , one of the straps failed and the pack fell to the ground . I figured that I would just use the other strap while I walked two blocks to my truck . The second strap failed in the middle of an intersection . Luckily I did n't have my laptop in it like I did that morning . This is a piece of garbage and is being returned immediately .
 This treadmill did not work from the day I received it . The company tech came to work on it and put in new parts twice and it still did not work at all ... would not even turn on . I had to send this product back . Amazon was quick and efficient with the return process and I was promptly fully reimbursed for this item . I think I will stick w / my at home workout videos ! Another person may have a better experience with this company and product , but I will not try it/them again .
 Had this treadmill for six months and the deck broke . Luckily I purchased the extended warranty and they replaced the -LRB- partical board deck -RRB- and put a new belt on . I ran again after a week and the belt slipped . They came out again today to fix it - I ran for 15 minutes and the belt is slipping again . This machine is a piece of -LRB- -LRB- ** % . Do not buy this machine , spend a little more and get a better machine .
 This hat is on the thin side for a major name but most importantly it is very small in size even though it is marked LG/EX LG IMHO ...
 Simply not what I expected . I wanted a technical book and it was way too basic for reassembly for a stripped down weapon .
 These bases are terrible . The price appeared great , but after only one season playing Arc Mens Softball , they completely fell apart . The look like they are 20 years old . My old bases , which I gave away , are in much better condition than these . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM ! TOTAL JUNK THAT IS MADE IN CHINA ! I am forced to buy new bases after only one season !
 Nice looking cheap knife , but not up to the former quality of Kershaw . Since they outsourced their production , the edge-holding quality of the blade has gone way down . They say it is the same steel , but somebody is cutting some corners somewhere.Mine is marked 8Cr13MoV , and whether it is or not is of no consequence , as it is not a good blade . I have seen other blades made of allegedly good steel that were not as good as the same steel from other cutlers . Heat treating is more important than the alphabet soup of the steel . Either that or counterfeiting is at work here.Too bad . Kershaw used to make good knives . I own several.Mine was relegated to use where sharpness does n't count much . Just rough work around the house and in the yard , or as a knife I am not afraid to lose . But , lately , it has gotten impossible to open one-handed with the thumb stud , so it is junk . Or maybe I will cut a thumbnail groove in it for opening.I have a Taiwan copy of a SOG Airlight , and the Kershaw compares poorly .
 Very difficult to use , and much poorer quality when compared to other Kershaws . Opens clumsily , thumb stud too small , etc.I 've been MUCH more pleased with the ones that say `` Made in USA '' . I have about 20 of those , and always look now to see where they 're made .
 It is sharp . It is cheap . But it is almost impossible to open with one hand . I was able to open few times with one hand but almost broke the skin on my thumb.So do n't buy this one for a everyday carry knife . I own many knives by the way . Spyderco is the best but a little more expensive .
 I do n't usually write reviews , and I like to stay as positive as possible . But I feel I must warn others about my experience with the store/co . that tried to do business with me through Amazon.In early Nov. . I requested a men 's size Large of the Turfer Unixex Metro Fleece and they sent me an XXL ! Somebody is either in too much of a hurry , or they do n't care , or they ca n't read , or ALL of the above . When I brought it to the company 's attention , they returned a very `` breezy , '' off-hand , reply , again reinforcing my opinion of their lack of attention to matters that count . I returned the size XXL and ordered a L . So far , I have n't heard a word from the co. that sells this item . Frankly , I 've just given up . But I NEVER want to do business with them EVER again .
 Wow ... the size was so far off you could fit 2 people in this v neck sweatshirt . . not happy ... no size chart on the site ... I want to return but they want me to pay the shipping ... do n't order unless you can get some kind of sizing information from them .
 This product was received on time and in very good condition but `` fit '' people beware ! First I should say that I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and 170 lbs . No beer belly here ... and that seems to be part of the problem with the way this product fits . -LRB- Or more accurately does n't fit -RRB- I 'm pretty sure I could curl up into a ball and fit my entire body into the torso of this `` sweater '' without stretching it out . Perhaps this was designed to fit a more `` husky '' body type . If you are short and stocky you have a better chance of being satisfied with this product .
 Wow ... the size was so far off you could fit 2 people in this v neck sweatshirt . . not happy ... no size chart on the site ... I want to return but they want me to pay the shipping ... do n't order unless you can get some kind of sizing information from them .
 This product was received on time and in very good condition but `` fit '' people beware ! First I should say that I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and 170 lbs . No beer belly here ... and that seems to be part of the problem with the way this product fits . -LRB- Or more accurately does n't fit -RRB- I 'm pretty sure I could curl up into a ball and fit my entire body into the torso of this `` sweater '' without stretching it out . Perhaps this was designed to fit a more `` husky '' body type . If you are short and stocky you have a better chance of being satisfied with this product .
 I do n't usually write reviews , and I like to stay as positive as possible . But I feel I must warn others about my experience with the store/co . that tried to do business with me through Amazon.In early Nov. . I requested a men 's size Large of the Turfer Unixex Metro Fleece and they sent me an XXL ! Somebody is either in too much of a hurry , or they do n't care , or they ca n't read , or ALL of the above . When I brought it to the company 's attention , they returned a very `` breezy , '' off-hand , reply , again reinforcing my opinion of their lack of attention to matters that count . I returned the size XXL and ordered a L . So far , I have n't heard a word from the co. that sells this item . Frankly , I 've just given up . But I NEVER want to do business with them EVER again .
 I had no problems with the seller but was terribly disappointed with the quality of the saddle . The framework was bent and the proprietary clamp did n't fit with my integrated post . And NO , I was n't trying to put it on a Laprade style post.Brooks ' reputation far exceeds the reality of what they sell .
 It holds the Makarov securely if it is the only thing you want from a holster . However , of my 3 Makarov pistols only the worst and ugliest , with a lot of Police wear that I 've got very cheap is getting this holster . Why ? The first gun I tried was my nice , expensive , looking brand new East German made Makarov - literally , with zero blemishes on it . Big mistake !!! There is a rivet that is on the way of the slide 's left side - it is the way this crappy holster made , and there is nothing you can do about that . As you guess , its large sharp head has scratched the slide 's left side as soon as I 've inserted the pistol ! Dung , the designer had to be a teenager or a hard core Israeli soldier -LRB- that 's where this thing is made , and I was expecting good quality based on that -RRB- - somebody who knows nothing about guns or does n't care about their finish as soon as the holster serves the purpose . Have they ever tried their own Makarov in this thing ? I do n't think so . My pistol costs 20 % less after the first use . What do you want me to rate this holster ?? Before they redesign that rivet 2 stars is too much for it - it is a horrible rooky mistake I ca n't forgive .
 I do n't usually write reviews , and I like to stay as positive as possible . But I feel I must warn others about my experience with the store/co . that tried to do business with me through Amazon.In early Nov. . I requested a men 's size Large of the Turfer Unixex Metro Fleece and they sent me an XXL ! Somebody is either in too much of a hurry , or they do n't care , or they ca n't read , or ALL of the above . When I brought it to the company 's attention , they returned a very `` breezy , '' off-hand , reply , again reinforcing my opinion of their lack of attention to matters that count . I returned the size XXL and ordered a L . So far , I have n't heard a word from the co. that sells this item . Frankly , I 've just given up . But I NEVER want to do business with them EVER again .
 Wow ... the size was so far off you could fit 2 people in this v neck sweatshirt . . not happy ... no size chart on the site ... I want to return but they want me to pay the shipping ... do n't order unless you can get some kind of sizing information from them .
 This product was received on time and in very good condition but `` fit '' people beware ! First I should say that I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and 170 lbs . No beer belly here ... and that seems to be part of the problem with the way this product fits . -LRB- Or more accurately does n't fit -RRB- I 'm pretty sure I could curl up into a ball and fit my entire body into the torso of this `` sweater '' without stretching it out . Perhaps this was designed to fit a more `` husky '' body type . If you are short and stocky you have a better chance of being satisfied with this product .
 I am an avid stepper and I found the step workouts on these dvds to be way too difficult for any normal person . Christi gives you the option to follow herself as she does the more complex moves or you can follow her fellow steppers , but the camera view is mainly on Christi so it is difficult to see the other steppers and her queing is not easy to follow . I would not recommend this dvd .
 This product does n't work unless everyone is sitting around a table . If you have to sit at a table , you might as well use cards and chips .
 The line was fused inside the reel , but even after replacing the line it would not cast . Worst excuse for a reel I 've ever seen , but the kids liked the tackle and telescopic pole , so I put a -LSB- ... -RSB- dollar Zebco 202 on it and it works fine .
 No equipment necessary and apparently no clue either . The videos are horrible the instructor uses the push up stands wrong . Their designed to swivel for a reason for proper form . The way he uses them makes it unnecessary to even use use them . The people in the video look like their flailing around swinging their arms like idiots and trying to call it punching . Just buy supreme 90 a stability ball and a few weights are all you need . It 's also more structured everyday has a real plan not just do a few days of dvd and then do a cardio of your choice on the other three days . Video previews are on weider website just watch them to see what I mean .
 Arrived with a 13mm air bubble inside the capsule . There was no evidence of leakage so I 'm not sure how this bubble got in there , except during the manufacturing process . Anyway , it 's not the way it should be so I initiated a return -LRB- pretty simple with Amazon -RRB- and headed down to the local dive shop and purchased one for $ 13 more , including tax.I was disapointed that a new product from Suunto came in this condition , but it was returned with postage paid by Amazon .
 I am very disappointed with this item . The description clearly states that it comes with sports Push-Pull top . It did NOT . What good is a water bottle without any top . This item was sold by Amazon , so there is no seller feedback . I guess I will just throw it away .
 I installed this on the center console of my boat last fall . One season of storage under a cover and ever single rocker switch failed ! All three ! Plus the fuses are ridiculously hard to remove and the quality was low .
 I installed this on a Center Console boat . It was easy to install and the lighted switches are nice and the rockers have a nice solid `` click '' and feel ... but it does not seem like a good fit for a location that is exposed to the elements . One weekend of use on the water and a couple of rainstorms while sitting in the driveway and two of the three circuits do n't work and there is oblivious corrosion forming in the fuse panel . Seems like a true marine product should last more than two weeks ...
 I do n't usually write reviews , and I like to stay as positive as possible . But I feel I must warn others about my experience with the store/co . that tried to do business with me through Amazon.In early Nov. . I requested a men 's size Large of the Turfer Unixex Metro Fleece and they sent me an XXL ! Somebody is either in too much of a hurry , or they do n't care , or they ca n't read , or ALL of the above . When I brought it to the company 's attention , they returned a very `` breezy , '' off-hand , reply , again reinforcing my opinion of their lack of attention to matters that count . I returned the size XXL and ordered a L . So far , I have n't heard a word from the co. that sells this item . Frankly , I 've just given up . But I NEVER want to do business with them EVER again .
 Wow ... the size was so far off you could fit 2 people in this v neck sweatshirt . . not happy ... no size chart on the site ... I want to return but they want me to pay the shipping ... do n't order unless you can get some kind of sizing information from them .
 This product was received on time and in very good condition but `` fit '' people beware ! First I should say that I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and 170 lbs . No beer belly here ... and that seems to be part of the problem with the way this product fits . -LRB- Or more accurately does n't fit -RRB- I 'm pretty sure I could curl up into a ball and fit my entire body into the torso of this `` sweater '' without stretching it out . Perhaps this was designed to fit a more `` husky '' body type . If you are short and stocky you have a better chance of being satisfied with this product .
 This sack was a suggested item when I purchased my Luxury Thermarest -LRB- extralarge -RRB- , so I went for it in the hopes that it 'd help protect my new purchase . Unfortunately , it 's reeeeeally hard to get it to fit in this sake . Like , REEEEEALLY hard.I 've given up trying . So , waste of money for me or anyone else with a Luxury Thermarest -LRB- XL -RRB- that they do n't wan na shred trying to squish into this little bag .
 I was told that I had to take my expensive bikes out of the living room , and I have no garage , or other available room . So they went onto the porch . I wanted the nicest cover possible . This one is not as heavy as I expected for the price , and it has no securing strap or method to keep it tight to the bike -LRB- I am using one on my wife 's 52 cm and another on my 58 cm bike -RRB- . So they come off in any windy rainy storm - just when you want it to cover the bike from the elements .
 Cheap ! Do n't waste your money . Will only fit a small bike . And it 's still very poorly made . Better one at Walmart for less than half the price .
 Bought two covers to cover two bikes we have to keep on our high-rise balcony . One cover blew off and was lost to the wind , so I replaced it and this time punched grommet holes in the bottom of the cover so I could secure it underneath the bike with carabiners . A few days later it rained - I took the covers off the day after to check on how dry the bikes were . The bikes ' seat and handlebars were wet . Not soaking wet , but with enough beads of water to make me realize that these covers are not waterproof . I do n't recommend for anyone looking to keep their bikes outdoors and exposed to the elements . The material is very thin and flimsy . If you are looking to keep dust off your bike while keeping it in the garage , this would probably do the trick . It does look nicer than most bike covers , but I wish I went with a tarp for my situation .
 I have a standard 26 ' adult bicycle and this cover is too small . I can ' imagine it will fit any adult bicycle .
 If you plan to keep your bike covered while in the garage to keep the dust off , then this is fine . If you want this as an outdoor covering for more than a few months , then just buy a tarp . This thing covers the bike well enough , -LRB- although the wheels keep popping out -RRB- it ca n't hold up to frequent use . Mine has already ripped in many spots , and the sun has weakened it alot . Not so good for an outside cover . If the sun is going to destroy it anyway , save a bunch of money and just get a tarp . May not look as nice , but this doesnt either after a few months outside . Final word ... Boooooo !!
 I wish I 'd listened to the reviewer who said the bike cover was too small . I have a women 's ten-speed touring bike , and the cover is almost impossible to get over both wheels . It 's a long struggle and when it 's finally covering most of the bike , it 's so tight that the stitching pulls away from the fabric . Even so , it 's an attractive cover and it seems well made , so I 'd buy another if they added a couple of inches to the length . This one , however , will have to go back .
 Just bought it for my new bike and tottaly disappointed , its not what it says when you read online and what i paid for , its arleady start to wear and stitches are coming out.Unfortunately i cant find my return invoice , so Im stuck with it .3333333
 Length :
 Weems & Plath Martinique Collection Quartz Ship 's Bell Clock -LRB- Standard -RRB- Clock is of the high quality that one expects from Weems & Plath . However , one can not hear the bells striking unless one places his/her ear on the mechanism . Then , the sound is a clicking rather than the bells striking . In my opinion , the clock is not worth the extra two or three hundred dollars over the price of a quartz ship 's clock without the bells .
 Kudos once again to Amazon and its community of vendors for great packing and speedy shipping.Sadly , the product is just so-so and were it not for an immediate need I would quickly return it . First of all , while the product is well made and nice looking , it is heavy ; however , I expected that . What bugs me is that the quick release -LRB- QR -RRB- mechanism is klunky and difficult to operate . Although it is faster to use than the original 4-bolt clasp model of this product , it is NOT a very fast QR . A lot of fiddling around is required to mount the rack securely on the seat post , and just about as much is required to unmount it . If you have a loaded pack already attached to the rack , it 's going to be a 2-person effort to get the rack and pack attached to your seat post ! Worse , the mechanism has some serious metal teeth or grippers on the inside of the QR clasps and they slightly marred my alloy seat post under light pressure ! I can only imagine what the damage might have been had I clamped down as hard as would be necessary for normal use . Although I am not sure this will work , I intend to get some neoprene or other thin cushioning to glue over the grippers to try to prevent further damage.Buyers of this product ... if you get one of these things , consider using it with an old seat post !
 Thought this would be handy on my ride but it did n't end up being what I hoped for . It might work for light duty , perhaps a windbreaker or your lunch , but keep the box until you 're sure.My wife & I ride around quite frequently and as such , it 's a pain in the back to carry the two locks & cables that we need when locking up here in NYC . -LRB- For the record , the Kryptonite 18mm New York Fahgettaboudit U-Lock , the Kryptonite Kryptolok Series 2 U-Lock , and the Kryptonite KryptoFlex 7 ' cable . I 'll leave the total weight as an exercise for the reader ! -RRB- Anyhow , I tried using this to bungee the locks to , in order to avoid rattling and loss and back pain on or extended rides . The clamp seemed solid , but on several occasions the rack swiveled around , becoming off-center and sticking out to the side . Also , the weight of the locks seemed too much for the rack , as it bounced up and down violently as I rode , even over seemingly smooth ground .
 While we love the idea of a quick-release bike rack for our son so that he can look cool when he 's not riding home from school with his books , we are disappointed that the rack will not stay tight . The quick release latch is stripped and wo n't tighten any further . The rack freely moves from side to side , causing his books/gear to repeatedly fall off on a normal ride on a sidewalk , not on rough terrain . I wish I could have it replaced or refunded .
 We have 3 bikes in the house , all 20 + year old cruisers , with various size frames and seat posts . It did n't occur to me that this rack might actually not fit any of them , but it turns out that all the seat posts are too small for this rack . When I actually busted out the calipers and measured them , the seat posts are all smaller than 24 mm . Go figure.Lesson learned
 My dissatisfaction has to do with 1 -RRB- lack of information and 2 -RRB- poor customer service ; not the product itself . It may be great , I do n't know . After purchasing the bullworker , I had questions about using it . I went to the bullworker website , which tells very little about the product . I tried to contact the company via email , and it bounced back -- no address found . I then tried to email thru the Amazon website , and the same thing happened . I called the phone number on the website , spoke with a courteous woman who picked up -LRB- four times in over two weeks -RRB- and never got a call or email . My experience suggests , at least to me , that the company does n't care about customer satisfaction .
 I used this faithfully for a month and experienced severe soreness near my right elbow , VERY severe . -LRB- Probably tendonitis . -RRB- This is a piece of junk . A bodyweight routine of push-ups , crunches , lunges , jumping jacks , etc. , got me much better results , and without having to spend a C-note on a useless item .
 I purchased this product to go along with the Delta bike rack . Yes , it will keep your tire off the wall and I suppose it is somewhat complementary in style to the rack in that they both display a similar curve . But there is much to be desired here . The piece is only about six inches long and therefore will only separate wall from tire at that one point where the bike is completely suspended from the rack . Since the securing of the bike in the rack requires a higher lift and then a lowering to its final resting point it would have been better to have a tray of some length that the rear tire could roll in as you secure the bike in the rack . And of course since it is so short that you are out of luck if you try to hang a different bike whose wheels are n't separated by the exact same distance.Another complaint is that this item is just a solid piece of translucent plastic whereas the rack is metal , so when you see them on the wall it 's not quite obvious that they were meant to go together . Lastly the attachment to the wall is via an adhesive pad . There is no hole for anchoring it more securely and of course when you get a new bike and need to have the rack and tray at a different distance from each other you 'll likely damage the wall trying to relocate it .
 Update June 2 , 2012
 I ordered this tackle box plus kit as a birthday gift , to be shipped directly to thier home . They recieved the tackle box , but it was completly empty ! The company that shipped the box did respond quickly to my email regaurding the problem , but it was been 3wks and they still have not recieved the kit that goes with the box ... I gave this product 2 stars because my friend said that the tackle box was sturdy and easy to use ... but if you want to get everything that you paid for , I would not buy this product .
 I was disappointed with this tackle box . The `` 62 Piece tackle '' was not as expected and rather `` junky '' . I would have been better going to Gander Mountain , spending probably about the same amount of money , -LRB- with the box and shipping total -RRB- , and gotten a better product .
 Please Note
 My seven year old girl slipped and hit her chin on the floor with these and required 7 stitches !!!! on her chin . she was just `` racing '' around on them sitting on her bum , lost her balance and split open her chin on the floor . VERY PAINFUL AND SAD .
 Purchased as a birthday gift for a 3 year old . His mother did n't like it because she feared her child would fall off of it and crack his head open on her tiled floors . Wanted to return it but the process was too complicated so I just gave up . The product 's co. does n't allow you to print a return label and just mail it back plus , since this was a gift for out-of-state . The cost to send it back plus the restocking fee would have almost added up to the original price of the item . Do n't know what will become of the gift .
 This scooter board does not hold any weight . I am under 130lb , but I can not sit on it and roll with it . It 's a waste of money to buy this product .
 I had high hopes for this scooter board after my daughter played on a friend 's scooter that was similar , but homemade . She had so much fun with it that I came home , looked online and found this one and ordered it the same day.My 3 year old was really excited when it got here but in the year we 've had it , she 's hardly used it . I do n't know if ours is defective or if they 're all like this but they 're very poorly balanced . Even while sitting on her bottom and scooting , unless she 's sitting in absolute center , the scooter will flip up on the other side , dumping her onto the ground ... over and over . My daughter weighs about 35 pounds and she is generally centered on the board so I do n't know why it would always flip like that . It seems very unsafe due to this problem .
 I ordered these as well and the straps I received were white . I too wanted black straps , that 's what was shown . Do n't order these straps unless you need them in white .
 I ordered these straps to go on a boat with a black bimini top . The picture shows straps that are black . What I received were straps that are white ! I did not use them , so I do n't even know what the quality is like or if they work . Very disappointed . I needed these on short notice and the opportunity to use them was lost .
 I ordered this beaded jumprope with removable weights and recieved a black speed rope that looks and is used for a different function all together . I even tried having them send the rope out again and they sent the same wrong jumprope again and I eventually had to order my jumprope from some else that wasnt quite what I was going for . Plus the speed-rope they sent me cracked a few weeks after I got it and broke right off . I hate to do this but this was the most unsatisfactory purchase that I have ever made on the internet in the last 10 years that I have been shopping online .
 Plano 53 Aluminum Rifle Case arrived at my home packed only in it 's flimsy display box not packed in a suitable shipping box as a reputable dealer would . Due to not packing the item properly resulted in two large dents in the case . The case itself works well and is of decent quality . I would not recommend purchasing anything from this particular supplier due to their inability to properly pack and ship an item . However I would recommend the case itself . It works well and looks good -LRB- except for the dents -RRB- !
 i ordered one of these cases for my ar 15 because it looked long at sturdy in the picture . the first case arrived in the cheap manufacturer carboard box very scuffed up . the case itself had 2 large dents on top and on the bottom and i dont know if its from warehouse or UPS . sent it back and ordered a replacement and at first it seemed fine but the new one was also in crap packaging and had dents on the aluminum . looks good in picture but the aluminum feels like the stuff storm drains or porches are made out of . wouldnt recommend , at least the amazon prime version .
 These clamps are kinda flimsy-probably why they are cheap . Table edge must be exact size of the clamp or it does n't work well . What are the odds of all tables being the same size ?
 I bought Uvex Shooter Sport sunglasses two months ago . Within one month the plasic frame broke but was still usable - just now , it broke for good . Save $ 40 , do n't make the same mistake .
 This item does not work well for me in that it restrict the circulation in my legs and caused sores around my knees .
 I purchased 4 of the Voit CB5 balls for our church basketball league . The size of the ball is perfect for ages 4 - 6 . 2 of the 4 ball will not hold air . I pump the balls up before each practice and game . The church purchased 4 balls 3 years back and they have been good balls . Very disappointed in the 2 balls that do not hold air .
 I received all six balls ordered ; however , upon inflating them , I lost 2 balls . Apparently , these balls had defective air valves . I did email the distributor on 1/19/09 , eSportsonlineCS , with no response . Very disappointing ... let the buyer beware .
 The ball went flat after only 2 weeks . It was the perfect size ball for my 5 year old son , but it did n't last .
 I bought my Sentry Safe from Amazon in February 2010 and now i cant open it even though i have the correct combination . It is very frustrating dealing with this safe . A week ago i had the same problem trying to open it but eventually it budged so i did n't think much of it . Now it just wont open . I would n't recommend this safe to anyone .
 I recently stumbled upon one of these when a relative died , and we did n't have the combination . I had it open without brute force in under 5 minutes with only a few sewing needles and a length of Cat5 wire . I wo n't describe how I did it here , of course.If you 're looking for something to guard important things against fire , this will probably do just fine . Just do n't expect it to hold out against bad guys for more than a few minutes .
 I was very unhappy with the product . They looked used and were not the color I wanted . My plan was to use them daily to mark seating location in my music classroom , but they move easily and it 's difficult to find anything that will keep them in place . Velcro does n't even work . Not to mention they are ugly .
 I was very unhappy with the product . They looked used and were not the color I wanted . My plan was to use them daily to mark seating location in my music classroom , but they move easily and it 's difficult to find anything that will keep them in place . Velcro does n't even work . Not to mention they are ugly .
 Do not waste your money on this product . This is probably the worst product I 've ever purchased through amazon and its associated merchants . The workmanship is really crappy . Plastic handle . Plastic eyelets . Poorly glued . I used this pole on a trip to the bahamas recently . With the first strike , the pole itself cracked where the thickest part of the rod meets the handle . I managed to land the less than 1 lb reef fish , but the pole was rendered useless . Then upon collapsing the pole , the eyelets came unglued . What crap ! This is worthy of zero stars ! There are much better options for your money .
 Last year I bought a telescopic rod from this dealer . I got a damaged piece of junk . The rod had cracks an deep gouges from top to bottom . I tried to contact the dealer numerous times with no responses . I did n't get a new rod nor my money back . To top it all off , I tried to use it in the Bahamas which is why I had ordered the rod . The very first cast with a ounce and a half lure caused a 15 inch piece of the rod to break off . What a ripoff !!!
 Do n't waste your money on this one . I bought one 7 ' and one 9 ' do n't like them .7 ' broke in base second time I try to pull out 12 '' fish .
 I was very unhappy with the product . They looked used and were not the color I wanted . My plan was to use them daily to mark seating location in my music classroom , but they move easily and it 's difficult to find anything that will keep them in place . Velcro does n't even work . Not to mention they are ugly .
 For the most part it works , and also keep in mind if you use 4 springs can be that much more accurate , however the thing is a PITA . First moving springs from point a to point b is next to never easy.You would have to visit gripper or/and fitness forums to try to find the chart that once existed for this product -LRB- not sure if I still have it -RRB- . It 's big and bulky so you do n't have quite the control you would have with a standard gripper like from IronMind Captains of Crush line.It 's primarily IMHO good for static holds . Push against the floor , use two hands to squeeze , then let go with only one hand and try to hold it as long as you . Hence static holds.I sold mine and do n't miss it . But I hear tons of people that love it . It really depends on who you ask .
 Problems I have with it are the build quality . It is obvious a poor cast of an Ivanko or Woody gripper that had the handles cut down unevenly prior to casting . After casting the knurled grips were put on . The knurled grips are overkill for this . They will cut up your fingers . If finger or hand slipping were a problem I would say wrap the handles with athletic tape or chalk your hands . The knurled hand grips are a bad attempt at trying to be like the CoC individual grippers which also cut your hands . The pin that holds the two pieces together is just that a pin . I expect it to break over time nor do I expect it to hold up to the full amount of tension you can put on this devise . The gripper is made of light weight metal I believe to be aluminum . It feels as though it could break if dropped on a concrete floor.I would return it , but not for minus 25 % restocking fee and the return shipping.Other than the poor quality it does work . I hope that I do not have to do much to it to get it work the way I want . For those interested in a gripper like this I suggest the Ivanko or Woodys . Do n't get fooled by `` knurled grips '' you wo n't need them unless you have a problem with very sweaty hands and towels . If you have callouses already on your fingers then this will be a good ex-foliating tool in addition to hand strength.It also comes with no directions or information on how to use the gripper or adjust springs . You can find information on how to use this by searching for Ivanko or Woody hand gripper .
 My fault for not reading how this was attached to frame . It looks like an excellent product
 Just for reference
 I do n't know what ` special ' bike water bottles are like . I use common grocery bottled water . The much touted size adjustment may accommodate BIG bottles , but it does not hold common grocery store water bottles well - they 're too loose . Also , it wants short bottles . The top of the plastic piece curves up and pushes common bottles away from the cradle . I tried to show this in a picture I posted . If you look carefully at the standard picture accompanying this item it shows a short fat bottle -- not a common taller smaller diameter bottle . In a single brief ride my bottle did n't fall out , but it moved around in the cradle.If your bike comes with predrilled and tapped hole with the correct separation and accompanying screws , installation is quick and easy . If not , I do n't know what you do.Pros : Cheap - if it does n't work for you , you can throw it away.Installs easily , depending on you bike.Cons : Does n't hold common grocery water bottles securely.Edited to add : I wear ordinary trousers . The cuff is n't wide , but it 's not tight against my leg either . I use a Velcro strap to hold the right cuff against my leg to avoid the possibility of it hanging on the chain guard -- it never did before I began using the strap , but I just did n't want to take a chance . Today I was riding with the holder empty ; my left cuff hung on the front wire of the cage and almost threw me . It did this twice . I have removed it and changed my rating from three stars to one .
 There is simply no way to fasten this product to the bike frame . The holder has two holes in it , but are you supposed to drill holes in the new bike ? I would think there would be some instructions , but alas NONE .
 for me it was a very useless thing ;-LRB- it was n't a spot on my bike where i could put this holder , so i did n't use it even once ; -LRB-
 Sadly I ca n't recall it ever mentioning that this item was NOT RETURNABLE.It also took about ten days for me to get it.Perhaps if there 'd have been a picture of how absurd it looks inflated I would have realized it was only potentially suitable if you never intended to use inflated except in a flat water emergency.If I ever had to swim in it , I 'd be getting it in my face with that tube constantly.That tube and the pull valve are both out in the open as soon as its inflated . It looks like snagging either on anything would mean no pfd when you need it most.Try one on locally , inflated , before buying it.Giving it two stars only because its well built.It fits poorly and I could only see having one to fulfil a legal requirement when I would n't otherwise have had a pfd .
 ordered this because it stated universal sizing however they dont state what the size is on the website , only on the jacket , i wish i would have known this beforehand , then to compound it , they sent and charged me for two jackets , i still havnt been able to get in touch with them . its a sad sad sad thing
 if your looking to buy and airsoft gun that is cheap and work moderatly well this is not the one . the whole gun is pretty good . the plastic is kinda strong the grips sturdy and the stock is really nice but when it comes to the actually shooting . it doesnt work . when you pull back the lever it just makes a really bad sound and doesnt cock fully . i think there might be something wrong with the gearbox . I didnt bother returning it becasue i didnt buy it for shooting i bought it as a prop for a youtube seris . overall gun sucks , looks cool , good prop .
 Hello . This gun was pretty bad . When i got it it was pretty sweet looking . I took all the parts out , but it was not fully assembled and the directions were pretty unhelpful . I was able to put it together anyways . The stock was easy to put on and take off . The glasses it came with were good too . The spring cocking mechanism is pretty easy to pull back , but it does n't always load a BB even though it pulls the spring back . I also liked the strap it came with . The sight it came with , after fully assembled , was easy to take off and put on , but it really was n't accurate at all.When i shot it the first few times it was good . It went pretty far and was sort of accurate -LRB- without the scope -RRB- Unfortunately , mine BROKE within the first week ! I was pretty disappointed because I liked it . I took it apart to find that due to the plastic gearbox , the thing that pulls back the spring had broke off . I do not really recommend this gun that much . If you buy it , be careful and do n't be forceful with it . it might not break if you are careful . Hope this review was helpful ! Bye.Extra info : the gun is all blackcomes with strap , BB 's , removable stock , safety glasses , and removable scopeit is a spring gun , so you have to cock it after each shot -LRB- the cocking part is on the left side , so not recommendedfor lefties ! -LRB-
 When you get it , you will not be dissapointed if your a starter , but after a couple backyard shootings , it may stop shooting . It sometimes doesnt even shoot before that happends also . Buy a diffrent gun.Pros1 . Realistic look and feel2 . Not too heavyCons1 . Spring rifle , nuff said .2 . Vertical grip is impossible to take off .3 . You have to put the sights together .4 . Can not attach a silencer or a scope , not even a laser .
 This gun is not good at all ! It shoots to the left , barrel arrived bent , no red dot scope came with it -LRB- as advertised -RRB- .
 Do not buy this !! Within minutes of unboxing I hit the flash-hider on my desk and it broke off . The next day I dropped it down the front steps and the material around the barrel broke completely off . The plastic is way too brittle for regular use . To top it all off it jammed after 150 rounds . I cleared the jam and after that it STOPPED FIRING ! I do n't know how to fix it . My guess is the springs are of such poor quality the wore out . Spend the extra money on a brand name gun like a UTG , UHC , or CYMA that is not made in China .
 we never rec 'd this product . we got an email shortly after we ordered it -LRB- a day or so -RRB- that said it was backordered even tho when we ordered it it said it was in stock . it was supposed to be a birthday present . then when i rated it the first time i said it was backordered . then we get a 2nd email saying our order was canceled b/c the manufacturer ca n't keep up with the demand . so now we have ammo with no rifle . what birthday fun !!! and a waste of my time and money . and no , i do n't even want to rate this item - how can i ? but it made me pick at least star .
 This thing was nothing but problems for me . The cases get jammed up all the time or they fall out of the gap on top . The adjustment wire is maxed out and still does not push into the shellplate without hitting . A call to hornady did not help with these problems . I have ended up and returned this and will maybe order one when they fix these problems
 I have owned these for just under six months . In that time I have replaced the batteries six times . The POWER ON LED 's have never worked . The left muff now has a noticable static/crackle when active . I agree with the ill concieved battery placement . If I had known about the battery situation from the beginning , I never would have bought them . You have to remove the ear cushion to get to the battery . Because of the tight fit , you have to push against the electronics to get enough purchase to pop them off . A small notch on the outside so a screw driver would have helped.That all said , the low profile is the main reason I purchased these muffs and they deliver in that regard . They do not interfere with my rifle stock .
 Got these for my husband as he was looking to get a new ear protection for the range ... had lots of good and bad reviews but like most things its best to test it yourself.First impression WOW very compact and super sturdy ... instructions were a bit iffy on the battery needed . they could specify its needs AAA battery but other than that its great . Tested it out real fast in the garage banging a hammer against metal and it was great . Tested speech which had no problems at all . Highly would recommend this to anyone.Now the bad parts . Took them to an indoor range wearing them outside the shooting area sounded great , walked in and hear a BANG from a 9mm was like umm ok . Kept walking towards the lane and hear another .40 cal go off had ringing in my ears . Right away I got out went grabbing regular nr25 slim protectors and it was a major difference . You must wear additional ear plugs using this at least for indoor range or anything powerful . Also no light for on and off light.Buy something else . Only reason it got 2stars for quality of build .
 It wo n't work at a shooting range . Maybe the microphones responding to slow . A slower sound will react better but this one does not work at a range
 Works for the range . Would n't really like it in combat . Good for the money . Six more words required to hit submit .
 To put in batteries is difficult . The ear pads you have to take off are plastic and foam . Very hard to take off , too easy to tear up.The product literature says the unit provides effective ear protection only if the foam pads are in good shape . It further says that the foam pads have a lifetime of about 6 months .
 I have had these Peltor 6s muffs since April . They were purchased to replace a pair of Dillons -LRB- Made by Peltor -RRB- that were over 10 years old . The old Dillons still work , but are in disrepair due to long hard use.I expected the Peltor 6s to be on par , or better than the old product . Not so . The battery installation procedure is a pain . The sound amplification is not nearly as good as the old pair , nor is the sound attenuation . Now the right muff has developed static . I am returning these muffs for refund and will replace them with another brand . What a shame , Peltor has had a reputation for good quality products in the past .
 I bought this for hearing amplification . I have been a shooter for 40 + years.They quit working after the 4th . use . I use plugs when I shoot long guns and when I got to use them next they no longer worked at all . They did not work that well when they did work . Both sides quit functioning . I called Peltor they said that I should just buy another pair.Not likely I have a pair of MSA Sordin Supreme basic that work great . I bought these while on a trip and thought they would serve the purpose . I was wrong.They were not that expensive , but they were not worth even what I paid for them .
 The battery access -LRB- it does ` nt come with any -RRB- is absolutely stupid . I guarantee you will be breaking the plastic muff ring after it 's aged and dried out for 2 years . I had to view an independant online video on battery replacement because it required a massive amount of effort to unsnap the muff cover the get at the battery compartment , and I 'm very surprised it did ` nt crack in half . PASS .
 replacing the batteries is kind of challenging . the speak function is interment . bottom line is you get what you pay for . .
 I bought 2 of these ear muffs about a year ago and both are sitting in the trash right now . The speakers hiss , pop and squeal loudly when they detect a sound . If I tap on it , it might stop but the next sound can set it off again . The knobs are prone to turning on when in the range bag and the cups are a little too shallow and bottom out on the ears before sealing .
 I purchased model 97044 Peltor hearing protector based largely on the reviews I read here . This is quite possibly the worst hearing protection I have ever used . I wrote this unit off as a lemon or part of a bad batch . However , I was at my local shooting range this past weekend when a gentleman approached me because he noticed that I was wearing the same brand that he had . We compared notes and realized that we both had the same issues . They are as follows .1 . The battery location and replacement procedure is ill considered and lends itself to the possibility of damage to the unit when accessing the battery compartment .2 . The location and orientation of the on/off/volume knob , specifically the right side , causes the right unit to be inadvertently activated when the unit is folded for storage . Thus draining the batteries in that unit between uses . This has happened twice .3 . The function of the unit during the first use was good . All subsequent uses have seen a severe decline in quality of the electronics of the unit . My unit crackles and pops . The other gentleman 's does not work at all and he feels that he gets very little protection .4 . The actually Db reduction is somewhat suspect.That all said , a friend has one of the other , more expensive models , that he is happy with thus far . I really do n't know if I 'm willing to give this company more of my money in hopes that there is light ahead . I really hope this helps everyone who is considering this model.Caveat emptor !
 replacing the batteries was a real issue and I punctured the ear membrane twice . Have since bought the upgraded ones and so far they are better in function and ease of battery replacement . They are also more effective is cancelling noise and easier to initially adjust . The top is very hard and I had to add a cushion so that they were comfortable . They were light and did not affect my shooting the shotgun .
 I purchased a total of 5 units and one of them did not work from the get go ... we were in training for 4 days and had no choice but to use a broken set ... Amazon did do an excellent job on refund ...
 My buddy had done some favors for me while I was deployed to Afghanistan , and I bought him a pair of Peltor 6S 's for his efforts . We went out hog hunting the other night and had to spend a lot of time just trying to get the batteries installed . It comes dangerously close to tearing up the unit just to open it for batteries . STRIKE ONE . When we turned them on , all you could hear was a faint static sound , compared to the Howard Leights I was wearing they were miserable . With my Howard Leights I could hear quite clearly the animals , insects , and our foot steps as we walked . STRIKE TWO . Lastly , the knobs came off several times just handling the things . STRIKE THREE - YOU 'RE OUT !!!! They are on the way back , and a pair of Howard Leights are on the way to my buddy . BOTTOM LINE the Peltor 6S are JUNK .
 Update 1/8/13 - Now having these for 2 1/2 years , I am downgrading this recommendation even more . It is incredibly frustrating that they can not do the basics such as having some kind of indicator showing when the device is on or off . Even without that , it should have a marking on the earphones indicating on/off . Lazy design , lazy engineering , lazy thinking . They really do n't deserve your hard-earned money!I rated these earphones as `` okay '' but not great . At the gun range , they definitely keep the sound down , but it 's the little things that it 's missing . For example :1 . It should have an LED indicator telling you if the earpiece is on or not . That 's annoying and can drain your batteries if you 're not careful , especially , since each ear turns on and off . In addition , it should at least give you an on/off indicator , even it it 's not an LED ! 2 . The overall hearing protector should have an adjustable head band . Not all head sizes are the same . I have an XL head and this barely covered my ears .3 . Installing the batteries is a major headache , that they should definitely make more user-friendly . I have a graduate degree and this thing took me 15 minutes to figure out.Bottom line , for the money , I expect more . Either pay more for a better model or go elsewhere .
 This is the third pair I have had . The first was wonderful , lasted 3 years and you could hear a fly at 50 feet . The second pair lasted about 8 months , and the audio was much less than the first . The right ear unit stopped working . Third pair is junk . The volume reduced after a couple of weeks and the right ear quit after 6 months . Buy the Howard Leigh . They are going on two years now .
 I almost never write reviews but I was so disappointed with these headphones that I had to say something . I am a long time Peltor owner - Tactical 7 's , etc. . When I went to buy another pair of Tactical 7 's I saw these and I was excited . I thought I found a product of Peltor quality for a fraction of the price of my Tactical 7 's . I ignored the negative reviews and bought them . I should n't have.If you are thinking that these are anything like the Tactical 7 's then you are compeltely wrong . These are very lightweight , flimsy and seem to be cheaply made . At the range , they seem to provide only a fraction of the hearing protection that the Tactical 7 's do and even less than the non-electronic Peltors that I own do . And the amplification also is n't close to what the Tactical 7 's provide . In fact , it seems to me that the amplifier in one `` ear '' of mine is n't working at all.Maybe if this is your first and only pair of amplified hearing protectors you would be satisfied , but I honestly doubt it . I threw mine in the trash . Maybe that 's wasteful , but I normally make good purchasing decisions and I hate going through the hassle of the paperwork and paying the postage to return things so it was easier for me to just throw these pieces of junk away .
 took 1 hour to get at battery compartment . My fingers were raw trying to get open without distroying . after getting open and insertingbatteries . Right side did not work . could not get back open to check without prying with screwdriver , so did not try with fear ofbrakeing plastic . Sending back and orderd the tactical 7s with a more pratical solution .
 First off , these amplify ALL sounds , so they are useless in a factory where there are constant noises echoing from a distance.When I walk on concrete , my FOOTSTEPS get isolated by these headphones , and the phones mute for almost a half second EVERY step . I cant even hear myself walk WITHOUT these on . They are hot and not exactly UNcomfortable , but you feel much better NOT wearing them.To top it off , I got it at the last GoldBox deal , and I was * NOT * sent the `` 7S '' model I paid $ 99.99 for . I was sent this 6S model that retails for exactly $ 79 on Amazon , and I didnt notice until 5 weeks later .
 Got the hearing protector and read the instructions to install the batteries . What a PITA to get apart . Installed the batteries on each side and the left side is fair but the right side does not work . I emailed the comapny and have not heard back . Save you money and get something else .
 I really like the Peltor hearing protectors and they work great . They fit better than some other brand that I have . However the one bad drawback to the design is that the batteries are very difficult to get into . One must pry off the ear pad then replace the batteries underneat . I can not do it with my fingers alone because the flange nearly cuts into my skin . I must use a screw driver . Surely there is a better design . I hate this about them . If one has arthritis , you ca n't do it . I have lost some muscle strength after taking statins for cholesterol and I can not do it with my fingers .
 I have had Peltor products before and was satisfied . However the 6S did not work properly from the beginning . One side was not functioning . Another complaint is the difficulty in removing batteries . Very poor design for opening the case . Would not recommend thase
 I tried these on at the store and they seemed great . I guess I should have read the reviews here more before buying them . I bought these to use for trap/clay shooting and was not very happy at all . # 1 they do not block the sound very well , # 2 there was a slight delay until they shut off loud sound , and when I turned them up I heard a faint hissing . Being used to foam earplugs , they felt & sounded a lot different . I could have gotten used to all the shortcomings if they fit better , meaning , when I mounted my shotgun they would hit on the stock . It was very distracting , even if I could have adjusted the fit or my mount slightly , it was too distracting to be worth dealing with . I didnt even shoot a full line , maybe 1 or 2 posts , max and took them off & sent them back . Thank goodness Amazon has an excellent return policy !
 One side worked and the other side got hot and one battery started to melt . I must say the company I got it from was great about returning the product . They paid for the return no excuses .
 Found a problem right off the bat
 I would rate these as disposable IF and a BIG IF they worked even reasonably well.They did nothing to `` SHUT OFF '' loud range noise and sound amplification was inferior and distorted.They barely worked as well as a non electronic muff.Packaging / use instructions poorly written . Battery access very difficult and disclaimer stated that the earmuff foam is only good for `` 6 months '' !!!! A total waste of time and money .
 Ok these things workbut I have had them amonth now and still can not find where to put battery ini would not buy againno support online anywhereI have another pair of electronic ear protectores that I Will look to buy a more ofnot these.And where and how do you put batteries in these ?????
 I bought this product because it 's so popular among shooters in various publications and on youtube . Big mistake . Just because it 's popular does n't it 's a `` must buy . '' I do n't wan na sound redundant , just read the other disappointing stories .
 Sound quality was on par with my $ 29 Caldwell units , and those run about the same size overall . having to run batteries in both sides a negative for me , especially when you have to work so hard to get each side open . i never got the one side installed at all , so label me only partially biased in sound quality.There are better options , and if they were n't on sale , it would be a shame to waste the money on them . Back to Amazon they go . Next guy gets 2 free batteries , I cant get the things out .
 These ear phones seem to work well , however after several hours Persperation collects and is trapped in the ear peaces resulting in static noise . I called tech support and she acknowledged that this was a problem and the recommended solution is to remove the ear cushions and let dry . The removal and reinstallation of the ear cushions is a real pain , not to mention drying parts laying around and unavailiablity of the device while drying . This probably will not be a problem for those using the Tactical 6-S for short periods , but , I tend to wear them for hours at a time and the moisure collection and condensation has been a problem on both hot and cold days .
 With the Peltor name attached , I assumed the Peltor 6S Electronic Earmuffs would be the best value for the dollar . WRONG ! Spoken voices were fine , but there was essentially NO ear protection from range fire - from the 9mm and 40 cal either side of me or even protetion from some of the gunfire as far as 150 feet away regardless of how I played with the adjustment ! I have a pair of cheapee muffs rated at NRR15 that I use for my home workshop and mowing the lawn that give better protection on the rifle and pistol range . The Peltors were returned immediately and I ordered a pair of Brownings - we 'll see if they 're any better.I am very impressed with Amazon 's return policy - fast , easy , no complications , and my charge account was credited within 48 hours of them receiving the returning Peltors . The replacement Brownings were ordered through Amazon without hesitation.If you ca n't make a pair of safe , useable and fully functional electronic ear muffs in the $ 60 - $ 90 range , get out of the business . No further Peltor product trials here , thank you .
 As a working stiff who sometimes struggles to make it out the door with enough light to finish my run before darkness sets in , this is the perfect small , reliable light that I can tuck in my pocket and have if/when I need it . Admittedly , the odd battery size is a bit annoying , but it puts out great light for its size and is well enough made that I 'm willing to overlook this one issue . This little tool has been just the ticket to get me home safely despite losing all natural lighting.I 'm updating this review after using the light since 2011
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 To be perfectly honest , I 'm quite dissapointed with this product.The chips are for the most part , as convincing in appearence and weight as their clay counterparts ; however , the plastic coating around the metal `` insert '' is so paper-thin that the chips have a distinctly metalic clang to them as they are stacked or tossed on top of one-another . I also found about three chips in which the portions of the plastic coating had actually flaked off to reveal the metal benieth.The top and bottom portion of the case -LRB- which was advertised as a main selling point for it 's `` superrior quality '' -RRB- are out of line and do not close properly.I feel I should also not that the two decks of cards included in the set are withought a doubt the cheapest I have ever seen -LRB- although it dos n't really make sense to buy or not buy a set of chips for the quality of the cards -RRB- . In addition to the poor quality , the set did not come with everything included in the discription and does not match the picture . There are only three dealer chips , not six -LRB- nobody really needs the other three -RRB- , and the dice are regual dice , not poker dice -LRB- making them for the most part useless -RRB- . The picture leads one to belive that the extra 50 chips they are paying for are yellow , however they are actually an extra 25 green and 25 black . There are also actually 150 RED chips , not white as the picture displays.I would n't say I expect much more for 38 bucks , but I would at least expect the contents of the set to match the description . At about 60 bucks after shipping ... it 's definatly not worth it .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I love the idea of this ... sleek , out of the way for transit butreadily available on the road , protected when not in use . Unfortunately , the reality is a hard to use product that does little to improve road safety.Because of the narrowness of the mirror , it 's very difficult to focus on whatis actually behind you with a quick glance . Sure , if you sit there for 10seconds you can figure it out , but I do n't have that sort of time when I ` mdodging through Chicago traffic!Save your money and buy the excellent Mirrcycle instead .
 Mirrors are too small and too distorted . The picture on the package shows a perfect reflection - as if !! It 's about as useful as taping two foil-wrapped sticks of chewing gum to your handlebars and expecting to be able to see reflections in them .
 Uncomfortable and heavy for bar ends and useless as mirrors . As mentioned , the mirrors are of a terrible quality . To top that , they do not stay in place when adjusted .
 Even though they look pretty cool , these mirrors are hard to focus , and even harder to see anything in .
 Want to see the whole world through an amusement park funny mirror ? Enjoy the challenge of squinting at swirls and blobs behind you while simultaneously dodging traffic and potholes ? Get these worthless -LRB- albeit stylish -RRB- add-ons and you 'll wonder if you 're actually seeing traffic hurling at you from behind , or if this is just another one of those flashbacks from that Kool-Aid acid test you `` accidentally '' stumbled into back in ' 68 . While absolutely useless as mirrors -LRB- they 're actually concave slivers of chromed plastic -RRB- , they do offer some stunning special effects -- cars change size and shape -LRB- a la Transformers -RRB- , floating pedestrian torsos scurry to meet legs waiting across the street , buildings furl like flags in a breeze ... and all this as you fly down the road on your otherwise respectable bicycle trying not to injure others or get yourself killed.I paid $ 10 for these on Amazon , but I 've seen them retailing for $ 40 in local bike stores . If you MUST have these , please send ME your $ 20 right away instead and I will immediately send you two stainless steel soup spoons you can strap to your handlebars -- a VAST improvement over these pieces of garbage -LRB- dropping LSD and riding your bike backwards would be equivalent -RRB- .
 hard to get them out and lined up to see traffic and they stick out to far . As just handles they work fine .
 I bought these solely for the mirror feature instead of other cheaper or more ergonomic bar ends.The mirror portion is COMPLETELY USELESS .
 No , it does n't work like it shows in the picture . It is really difficult to make any use of these in my daily rides around town.Riding out in the country I do make a little use of the bar ends for changes in posture . They have a good solid mount .
 I put a set of these on my Bianchi hybrid . The mirrors have too much distortion , because they are plastic , and are too thin -LRB- vertical dimension -RRB- to be useful for seeing much of anything behind . The correct angle for viewing is nearly impossible to set while riding . For bar-end-grips-while-cruising , the aluminum frames -LRB- black part -RRB- seem as sturdy as any bar-end grips I have seen , but are cold and unpadded . They are functional grips , that is , right up until I hook a branch or a telephone grounding wire or something !! BUT , they are an elegant idea that I 'm sure will evolve into something that works . My suggestion is wider -LRB- the short dimension -RRB- mirrors , made out of glass , and padded black frames -- somehow .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I needed a two pound weight to wrap around my ankle for physical therapy exercises . When the weights arrived , there were two separate one-pound ankle wraps . They can be used together , but it is awkward and not ideal . I looked carefully for more product info before ordering , but none was available . They are very nice 1-pound weights , but not what I was really looking for !
 I bought this thinking I could workout on it until I have enough money to purchase a better model . I was only able to workout on it for 10 minutes ! It has a very jarring effect on my neck . My neck is now killing me and I 've never had neck problems . What a waste of money . I will be returning it . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I DID QUITE A BIT OF RESEARCH AND THE PRODUCT MET ALL MY EXPECTATIONS . THIS IS MY SECOND TRAMPOLINE AND I AM AWARE OF THE BENEFITS IF USED REGULARLY .
 This is terrible ! my dvd is damaged or defective . I opened it with clean hands put it perfectly into the dvd player , and 90 % of the videos do not work . Please send me a new dvd and i will change this into a good review !
 It sure did increase my heart rate , and it gave me a fair workout to my legs , my calves , and ankles which always burned the next morning . I do n't know if that is normal to have annoying leg pain in the morning and having difficulty getting out of bed . Also , another complaint is that a sales person called me about six months after trying to sell me more workout videos/DVD 's which was very unwelcomed ! However after a year of not using it , I tossed it to the curb .
 I am really sad to say that we tried to buy two -LRB- yes 2 -RRB- rebounders but where turned away because we have a PSC address . My Husband is serving overseas , we can not buy rebounders here.Thanks a lot .
 After reading some of the other reviews , I guess that I should not have gotten my hopes up that I would have a complete set -LRB- Rebounder & video -RRB- . On my 1st shipment , I did not receive a video & did not receive an instructions manual . I spoke to customer service & had to return the original package & re-order another . This one came with a video & manual . I was very excited to give it a try . The `` mega video '' is supposed to be a compilation of several videos from beginner to advanced.When I played the video it was extremely grainy . . it looked like a video that had been poorly copied multiple times . The video played the introduction but would not play the individual workouts ... I was VERY disappointed . I think that I would really enjoy this rebounder if only the videos worked . I am suprised that Amazon continues to ship this out when they KNOW that there is a problem with the videos .
 I just tried my DVD in two different players and it wo n't play on either one . I am returning this one and trying another . Hopefully , it will work . To use properly and get all benefits of the equipment the DVD needs to work , useless otherwise .
 I was really excited to get my rebounder , and while it was tricky getting it put together , it seems to be working very well . However , I put the DVD in my player to start the workout , and it would n't play . My DVD player could n't read it . It finally gave me an error code that said `` Disc is dirty . '' The disc was n't dirty , but I wiped it and tried it again . I got the same error message . I know that my machine is fine , because we had just watched a movie with it the night before , and I have used it since this . The DVD looked like someone ran it from their computer at home and put a home-made label on it . It was really disappointing -- it seemed really poor quality . One reason I purchased this particular rebounder is because it came with a workout DVD . I have never used a rebounder before so it was important to me to have the DVD showing a workout . I ended up finding some stuff on YouTube showing some workout steps , and I am looking now to purchase a real rebounder workout DVD . I can tell you that I will not be purchasing one from Urban Rebounder , though !
 I bought my first Urban Rebounder from an infomercial and absolutely loved it . I purchased a second one directly from the Urban Rebounder website . It arrived in used condition -LRB- mat was all stretched out , several broken springs , frame was scratched and dented -RRB- Customer service insisted it was damaged in shipment and told me they would file a claim with Fedex . Months went by and nothing was happening ; my repeated calls were just given the run around . They finally agreed to charge my debit card , send me out a new one and credit me when they received the defective one . I followed through but was never credited . Unfortunately since I used my debit card I had no recorse . Repeated calls were again given the run around . Worst customer service ever !!! Went on Better Business Bureau Online to check them out and found they have a rating of `` F '' for their terrible business practices :[ ... -RSB- Would definately not recommend anyone purchase directly from Urban Rebounder . Maybe if you buy from Amazon you will have more protection .
 This thing stinks ... literally ! I 've had this thing in my workout room for a couple of days now . The smell eventually started giving me a headache . I had to move it into the garage with hopes that the stink will eventually subside . Setup was very easy and can be done is less then 5 minutes . There are supposed to be elastic loops to hold the legs in place when folded . most of the ones on my rebounder were either torn off or none existent . Someone in their fit and finish department felt just using rubberbands in place of these elastic loops should be good enough and no one would notice . I did . Once I started using the rebounder the squeeking started . The sound is really annoying . Some of the previous reviewers mentioned this ... others did not . I figured that it could n't be that bad . It is.The reviews of this product are all over the place in terms of customer experience . The only thing that I can assume is that the manufacturing process with regards to materials used and assembly procedures is that they must vary greatly from one Urban Rebounder to the next . Unfortunately I guess I was one of the unlucky ones . The old adage , `` you get what you pay for , '' definitely holds true here . It is just a shame since I had such high hopes for this product ... I hope this review helps someone else from making my same mistake .
 When I first purchased this trampoline it work ok for a month or so . But as the we approached the 3 or 4 month the springs started popping out . My kids cut themselves on it . The handle bar completely broke off of the rebounder . At this point I can not use this item and i tried contacting urban rebounder and i have not gotten any response . Amazon.com also said they can not help me.Bottom line . . spent $ 107 and now it 's gone . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM .
 When I ordered my Urban trampoloine , I could barely wait for its arrival . Following the instructions carefully my husband and I assembled it . It was like a bear trap and very rigid . It took us both and ended up in the long run snappoing and breaking the unit . Also no carrying case was with the item as represented . I made an attempt to write to you but no one answered . For health reasons , we decided to try again spending yet another $ 100 . or so . This time we were able to assemble the unit but it was very difficult . I do not see how anyone could take it down each time for storage for two reasons . First , again no carrying bag came again . Second , the unit takes more than I have for strength to assemble it again or take it down for storage . We are extremely unhappy with this unit . We feel it was not represented correctly and with the bag missing twice the full value was absent each time we paid full price for the two units.Thank you , but I will think carefully when buying from you again as I said , no one answered when we needed help either .
 I ordered this , and received the one without the handle . I returned it , and received again today , the same one , without the handle again . Great crappy service .
 I bought this and it was my first rebounder , and I did no research . Upon arrival I realized that it is rickety and unstable feeling . I weigh 220 , so that shouldnt have been a problem . I did decide to do my research and found out that the urban rebounder is among the worst rated rebounders . I lucked out and sold it within 2 weeks to a naive person like myself and got most of my investment back . I decided to go ahead and buy a $ 300 rebounder and its like night and day ... . huge difference . I would recommend going to a sporting goods store and buying their cheapest rebounder and you would be as well off as buying the urban rebounder and save yourself the money . The DVDs were defective and skipped and one wouldnt play several of the workouts . . overall , the entire program turned out to be a cheesey cheap rip off . Save up and get a decent one that you wont get hurt on or buy the cheapest one you can find and you will have the urban rebounder for a lot less money .
 This trampoline was recommended to me as high quality , but mine arrived with several rips in the seams on the spring cover . Also , please believe the others who warn you that it SMELLS ! The toxic rubber odor was overpowering and sickening . I think it comes primarily from the rubber feet , but having been sealed in the box for so long , the smell had permeated the whole item . I let it air out but still smelled strong . Maybe it goes away after a long while , but I did n't want to wait and find out , especially since this one was torn anyway . Having said that , the springiness was nice and it seemed like it would be a great workout . I took a quick look at the DVD and it seemed like a good program , easy to follow . I plan to buy the DVD seperately and get another brand of rebounder .
 My son loves jumping on the trampoline and we used to buy the $ 30 tampolines and replace them every 3 months or so , then bought the Urban Rebounder and it lasted over a year . Then we bought another and it lasted about 7 months . Then we bought another and it lasted 4 weeks so we exchanged it for a new one and that only last TWO WEEKS . My son is n't over 125 pounds so it should n't fall apart so bad . Now I have to find a box to return it which is a huge pain in the butt.DO NOT BUY THIS , either buy something cheaper or something more expensive .
 I ordered this for my son for Christmas . Broke with in a week . Exchanged it for another one and that one is already broken . He is not a big kid that this should be breaking like this . very disappointed !
 I am an avid cyclist who was looking for a new cross training routine . I purchased the Urban Rebounder because I have a power lifter physique and need the extra weight capacity that this product offers , which is 300 pounds , I weigh 210 pounds . I purchased this product on November 11 , 2011 , within 30 days the stitching that holds the springs to the jumping surface had failed . I contacted Amazon and they replaced the trampoline within 3 days . On December 23 , 2011 the exact same problem occurred , the stitching holding the springs to the trampoline surface failed . I contacted Amazon and was told to contact Urban Rebounding because the item was more than 30 days old . I contacted Urban Rebounding and explained the problem . Jody , the lady I spoke with was not concerned with the lack of quality of her product , instead I found her rude and unhelpful . She instructed that I was to contact Amazon to get proof of purchase , she continued with further instructions but because of her attitude I decided dealing with Amazon would be a better choice . I did contact Amazon and was given a full refund . If not for the product failure I can say that I enjoyed this trampoline quite a bit . I jumped on the trampoline a great deal and found it to be a great cross training exercise . I was willing to give Urban Rebounding a third chance because I enjoyed the exercise , but I did not get the response I hoped for from a company whose product had already failed twice , so I am going in a different direction . In addition to the product failure it was very loud , incessant squeaking .
 I was really excited to get started using this rebounder , so when it got to my house I was all set for some serious bouncin ' but instead was hit in the face with a seriously toxic smelling stench . For that reason alone I would n't recommend this to anyone.There are also problems with the product itself . I 'm sure it 's a step up from the wallMart versions , but I found that the bouncing action was n't -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- all that bouncy . Sure I bounced on it and whatnot , but it just did n't feel `` right '' . Also the mat itself seemed stretchy or something . What I mean by this is when I bounced with both feet close together I really sunk into the mat which caused my feet to bend with it . What ended up happening to me is that I got sore feet -LRB- with or without shoes -RRB- . It 's also super squeaky & creaky.I ended up returning it & buying a Needak . Yeah the Needak costs more but it 's not outrageously expensive . Plus it 's made in the US , it DOES N'T smell toxic -LRB- it does n't really smell at all actually -RRB- , and it `` bounces '' right ! It feels more like a real trampoline -LRB- much more bounce than the Urban -RRB- . It 's also quiet & feels MUCH better on my feet . The Needak uses a high quality mat -LRB- the same mat that the other * really * expensive rebounders use -RRB- that feels `` flat '' when you bounce on it -LRB- meaning it does n't flex much -RRB- . The springs are also WAY stronger but softer feeling . It 's kinda hard to explain , but you know it when you feel it.I apologize if this sounds more like a Needak review , but I was really disappointed with the Urban & there are sooooo many glowing reviews for it that I had to add my two -LRB- opposing -RRB- cents . Hopefully this review will save someone from the dreaded Urban Stench ;-RRB- > ! < UPDATE 2011.05.24 > ! < Disclosure : I was recently contacted by JB Berns -LRB- the creator of the Urban Rebounder -RRB- . He offered to send me a new Urban Rebounder and a whole slew of Rebounder workout DVDs , all , surprisingly , without strings attached . However , I offered to update this review with my honest experiences because I felt that was the right thing to do . I 'm a man of my word , so here it is.Update : Upon receiving this new Rebounder , I unpackaged it and again smelled that familiar perfume
 Thr product was great at first but after minimal use to date -LRB- 2 months -RRB- the covering around the outside is tearing and starting to come off-It even gets in the way and can , make you trip if not paid attention to . Plus , the rebounder is getting a little wobbly and does not seem as stable after 2 months .
 I have been very excited to try rebounding because of the health benefits for the lymphatic system and the scientific evidence cited by NASA . I had been putting off purchasing a rebounder however because there are so many varieties and many seemed too expensive at first glance . I have recently been diagnosed with breast cancer and this is really supposed to reduce the risk of lymphedema from treatment so I decided now was the time . I really was skeptical to believe that one would really be much better than another . Urban Rebounder has a great branding strategy , markets the product well and has a lot of DVD 's for a variety in workouts , so I thought I 'd go with this one . Wow , was it a BAD purchase . It does smell strongly of the rubber material but I can live with that . The quality is very poor . The nylon skirting tore when attempting to unfold the trampoline . It definitely takes two people and even then it is dangerously tight out of the box and I could imagine seriously injuring onesself if we were n't so careful . It snapped back at us a couple of times as we tried to open it . The balance bar is very wobbly and they state on the package that it is n't meant to be tight . Not really a safe addition for someone with poor balance . One of the benefits is supposed to be to improve balance . Should n't the bar be more stable for those who purchase it for that reason ? The customer service for the company is awful . Very rude and unresponsive to concerns . I was unable to return the item because `` I '' damaged the item . You should n't be held responsible for trying to take the device out of the box . I did not buy this product from Amazon . I wish I did . I 've never had trouble with Amazon in any way . Sigh . I did decide to purchase a Jumpsport . After more research it seems like it will meet my needs much better . Buyer Beware . Urban may have been better when it first started but shoddy craftsmanship , poor quality and stiff jumping surface , noisy springs and abysmal customer service seem to be the current experience .
 I 've had this about a year and a half . It 's only been used maybe 20-30 times and all the legs are falling off the springs come undone and have to be put back on everytime you use it . I really liked this at first , but then it started falling apart .
 I was putting my trampoline away when it snapped closed and hit me in the face . The strength of the springs that make the trampoline fold in half caused it close with such force that it split my lip open and nearly knocked my front tooth out . After a trip to the emergency room to have 7 stitches in my lip on the outside and inside and being monitored by the dentist to make sure my tooth does n't turn black and fall out ... I highly recommend staying away from this product . I can only imagine what would happen if a child or young adult was hit with this dangerous piece of equipment ! This product does n't even deserve one star , however , the computer will not permit me to leave the rating blank : -LRB-
 I ordered this trampoline last year for my 11 year old daughter for a fun workout . She only started using the trampoline last month for about 45 mins . a day . Now 13 months after ordering it -LRB- the one year warranty has expired , of course -RRB- one of the legs has snapped off . I would say it had maybe only six weeks of daily use before it became unusable .
 I bought this item as new , but when I opened the package , things did not seem to be properly packed . Then I noticed scratch marks where the stabilizer bar had obviously been previously fitted onto the base , and damage to the foam on the stabilizing bar . Finally , the enclosed DVDs had finger prints and scratches and would not play on my player.There was also no invoice enclosed , nor any paperwork regarding how to contact the company . I did not expect this kind of problem when purchasing through Amazon !!
 I really enjoyed my Urban Rebounder the last several weeks -LRB- I had the non-folding one with a bar -RRB- . I weight @ 200 pounds and used it twice a day for 7-10 minutes , over 6-8 weeks . I mainly did the health bounce -LRB- feet not leaving the rebounder -RRB- and light aerobic bounces -LRB- jumping 2-4 inches off the mat -RRB- . This is considered light rebounding . I heard a loud popping sound yesterday . The fabric that holds the springs tore away in one area and the spring next to it broke . I was very disappointed.This might be okay as a starter for people looking to see if they enjoy rebounding , but it 's not built to last , esp . if you are close to 200 pounds or someone that likes to jump high . Consider Reboundair , Needak , Cellerciser , or Bellicon . You 're going to spend 3-4 times as much but you 'll have a real piece of exercise equipment imo .
 Well let me start out with a positive : The Urban rebounder looks and feels solid , especially under my 270 lb frame . Folds ups for easy storage.The Negative : I have not been able to get the included dvd to play , I 've tried every device in my house that palys dvd 'd -LRB- dvd player , computers , laptops , game systems -RRB- That dang disc just wo n't play . Would love to know how to use the rebounder , just ca n't with this DVD .
 I attempted to open it up when I was hit with the off-gassing stench that has been mentioned before . Not only that , but the frame ends that fit into the joints were crumpled so that I could n't even assemble it to try it . No luck with customer service - they said they are phasing out this model and may not have a replacement - and if they did have a replacement , it was going to be $ 30 US to ship it out or more -LRB- to Canada plus duty -RRB- . Really poor customer service ! I have n't even tried it to know if it 's to my liking!Don ' t bother . Buy higher quality and save yourself the headache .
 Well , my kids loved it for the 5 months that it worked . I found I did n't like a trampoline workout -LRB- got dizzy and queasy -RRB- so I gave it over to the kiddos . I had my concerns as the handle had about a foot of play in it and seemed very rickety . My son also gashed his foot on the sharp edge of the springs when he landed a bit outside of the center . Also very noisy . Then , with my 39-lb 3 yr old jumping on it one of the legs just fell off at the weld and the trampoline tipped over . It 's irreparable and going into the garbage . At least my kids jumped on it almost every day for 5 months , but it surely is not a quality product as it fell apart without an adult using it .
 I MADE THE MISTAKE OF ORDERING THIS ITEM , ONLY TO BE DISSAPOINTEDAND TOTALLY UPSET AT HOW THE COMPANY DECEIVES CUSTOMERS BY RATINGTHIS PIECE OF EQUIPMENT AS AN ITEM USED AT GYMS . ARE YOU KIDDING ME?WHEN MY HUSBAND PULLED IT OUT OF THE BOX THE ODOR WAS HORRIFIC AND HADTO PUT IT OUTSIDE IN ORDER TO PUT IT TOGETHER . THE BANDS THAT HOLD THELEGS STARTED BREAKING OFF AND THE SAFETY BAR CAUSED MORE PROBLEMS AS IT ` SVERY FLIMSY AND NOT STABLE . I HAD TO SPEND $ 30.00 TO RETURN ITEM AND HAVEBEEN WAITING OVER 2 MONTHS FOR MY CREDIT .
 Trampoline arrived without the handle . Daughter 's birthday is in 2 days so no time to return and wait for a new one . Do n't want to give her because now we need to send it back . Thanks for ruining the birthday gift .
 i havent even used it yet , The video workout dvd 's that came with it will not work in my dvd player or my computer . I am very disapointed but i didnt know who to call . It would be great if you could help me out and then i could give a better review . Thanks , wynona Flud
 I have purchased TWO Urban Rebounders . The SAME PROBLEM has occured with both . The TAB -LRB- strip -RRB- that is attached to the mat and holds the springs , has become detached each time . I used the first rebounder for less than ONE YEAR-it pulled apart in two places . The second UR was used less than THREE WEEKS and became detached also . -LRB- My son and I both weigh under 200 lbs. , so weight limit is not an issue . -RRB- I would like to offer the following SUGGESTIONS
 I recently rec 'd the Urban Rebounder . The top of the handle bars , where the padding is , does not fit together . One bar is supposed to fit inside the other and lock . Since the two bars or tubes are the exact same size , one does NOT fit into the other . They are now just hanging in mid-air . I have contacted the company numerous times . They told me to take a picture and e-mail them a copy of proof of purchase , which I did . They said they were unable to download it ... so I sent it to several other people , including myself ! , and it downloaded perfectly . So I resent it to them 3 times and have yet to receive any response . I have called them twice now . The customer service for this company is terrible . You can see from these reviews how many people have problems with this product .
 I purchased this for my wife , who is much smaller and lighter than me . Somehow it was too hard for her , and yet when she bounced on it , her feet went almost all the way to the ground . Also , the foam it was packed with somehow bonded to the paint , and there were white blotches all over it that were not removable . I tried scrubbing them and using my fingernails , but they were permanent . After sharing our disappointment with a colleague , he said that if we were serious about buying a rebounder , to get one that , instead of springs all the way around , that could potentially hurt if you mis-stepped , to get one that had what is essentially a bungee-cord winding back and forth between the trampoline surface and the steel rim . He said these are much gentler and easier to use , but they are a lot more money , on the order of three times what this one cost . We have not yet taken that particular plunge . If this one works for you , then it 's sure a lot cheaper . It did n't work for us .
 The trampoline is very squeaky . A spring is not hooked properly & it seems impossible without some time of tool to fix it . I received this product & received only 3 of the promised 6 DVD 's . None of the DVD 's work . I wanted to return the DVD 's in exchange for working ones but Amazon would not let me do this . The only way to exchange was to send back the trampoline & the DVD 's . This is incredibly inefficient , a waste of gas & resources & a huge cardboard box that will sit in a landfill for thousands of years . A simple envelope to exchange the DVD 's would be much more efficient & environmentally friendly.The trampoline does not easily fold up for storage .
 I ordered this `` new '' and it arrived in a twice or more used torn up poorly packaged box.Still hoping it would all be there considering torn holes in ragged box but NO !!! , MISSING PART AND BUSTED SPRINGS ! Then I have to go through all this hassel to RETURN IT as there was NO RETURN LABEL PACKING SLIP INCLUDED ! TERRIBLE SERVICE AND CARE !!!!
 I purchased the Urban Rebounder in March 2010 . In June , the stitching that held the metal to the springs broke . I called the service center . They asked me what I was doing when it broke . I told them I was jumping . I was told that the Urban Rebounder was not made for jumping . The warranty was void because I jumped on the mini-trampoline . I weigh 160 and was on the 300 pound model . If you want to jump , do n't buy the Urban Rebounder .
 I 'm a little upset , as the model that came to me was the one with the black and red cover . My Mom had ordered one about a week and a half ago through amazon , and hers looked like the blue one in the photo that is of higher quality!I 'd read a review from someone on here that stated that there was some styrofoam residue on the cover . Of course , feedback is subjective . For some reason , the models with the black covers `` stuck '' to the styrofoam packaging , and it 's quite unsightly . They were absolutely right ! It looks as if I 'd have to literally scrape or scrub the residue off the cover . Let 's just say that I 'm not impressed . Very cheap looking . Had I not seen and tested the one my Mom had rec 'd from amazon , I would n't have ordered at all . She was intersted in seeing a presentation of the `` Today Show , '' and has been very happy with hers . Just be advised !! I 'll be doing a return , and reordering in the hopes that I 'll get one EXACTLY like hers , that would resemble the one on this webpage !
 Be warned the instructions clearly call for two people to open and fold the trampoline , so for those of you who live alone , you are out of luck.And trying to handle it yourself is a dangerous proposition , not at all recommended.The product should be re-designed so it is easier to open and fold , and the advertising should make the `` two person '' requirement very clear .
 I bought this for my ten-year old autistic son who wants to bounce all day long.Like most cheap exercise equipment , I think this thing is made for people who buy it for a New Year 's resolution , use it for one week , then put it in the garage . If , however , you need a rebounder that will be used for hours every day , this is NOT the one to buy . I purchased two of these over five months and they have both fallen apart . The problem both times was that the springs are attached to the mat by some straps sewn onto the mat . Well , these straps either fell out at the seams or tore . Also , the fabric spring cover fell apart both times in the first week or two.The smell was pretty bad but it did disappear after a week or so.There is one other problem . The black rubber feet left horrible black marks on my white carpet . I had to buy a rug to place under it to prevent further stains . The rubber feet eventually tore apart too.Did my son simply use it too heavily ? Maybe . But surely one ten-year old -LRB- normal body weight -RRB- should be able to use this thing for more than a few months without it falling apart.Very disappointed .
 Let me start by saying that this equipment is really , REALLY fun . I jumped for about 1.5 hours the first day I got it . Along with three DVD 's and fitness bands , it seemed like a great deal.I ignored the fact that the spring cover was ripped when the item arrived . I also ignored that springs kept coming unhooked and are damned hard to hook back . But , then the mat broke . On the first day . The mat ripped and a spring flew off , and this time no amount of grunting and groaning was going to get it stretched back into place -LRB- the section connecting the mat to the spring was torn completely free -RRB- . Poor craftsmanship that I will now have to PAY to return.I would have really loved this item if it had n't been constructed so poorly.Edited to say
 When first time used , two rivets broke causing separation of the two parts at frame pivot folding structure . Poor quality , bad design , this item should be inspected by the consumer safety group.In addition , unit has very strong odor like a kerosene . Of course made in China . I have returned this item without any issue and have my money back .
 I 'm under 200 lbs and yet in under a year the stitching holding the tabs to the mat have come off entirely in one spot and looks ready to come off in a second . The real shame is that I neglected to use it with any great frequency initially and and now that I 'm in a good work out regimen it 's come undone . Even folded up it 's a waste of space .
 We just received this today , or rather yesterday -LRB- as of my writing this -RRB- . The kids and we the parents were looking forward to using it . We purchased it via an employee discount for under $ 30 . Great deal with free shipping . However , some quick notes as I was setting it up . The straps that hold the legs folded broke . 4 of them . This thing has 6 legs . 6 straps . 4 broke . o.OSo I keep at it , and the legs seem flimsy . Flimsy to the point that when I set it up standing , 2 of the legs , 1 more than the other , look as if they are leaning . I honestly look at it , without anyone jumping yet , and think this thing will fall forward and I 'll do a face plant into the TV . The stabilizing bar is loose . When Ijump and hold it , it seems as if I were to hold it while jumping , and lean ever so slightly forward , I 'll do a face plant , not only by the bar falling , but the legs buckling too . Jumping does n't give me much confidence either . It feels as though there is a hole right int he middle . IF you jump in the absolute center , it has a lot of play in the bounce . slightly off center , and its much more firm . I also noticed that one of the springs was off . Maybe that was the cause . Did n't try after fixing it.We saw this on an online/broadcast vendor presentation and it did n't seem as flimsy . We are considering to return it , but the stupid s/h would probably be more than we spend on the thing , so we may just keep it , or yard sale it.I can honestly say one of my children 's toddler trampolines felt sturdier.For under $ 30 , its an `` eh '' kinda purchase . For $ 80 or more , I 'd be very pissed.To top it off , my 6yo was doing light jumping , up and down with the stabilizer bar , and she already twisted her knee . What she has n't done in soccer , or any other sport , she twisted her knee in under 5 minutes . wonderful . .
 The urban rebounder seemed constructed well . My 9 year old started doing the workouts with the DVD and within a month , three straps had broken making it unsafe to bounce on . They are sending us another mat . The return was easy .
 I purchased the Urban Rebounder after having purchased several less expensive trampolines that broke within months . My 130 pound daughter used the Urban Rebounder for workouts . After our bad experiences with previous trampolines , she knew that she had to be pretty careful if we wanted this one to last . Despite this , springs from the UR began breaking within about 6 months . Eventually we had to throw it away . I ca n't even imagine what would have happened if a 200 pound person were to use this . I have yet to find a trampoline that holds up for any reasonable period of time . We will probably buy another UR because my daughter loves using it but I will definitely buy it from a store where I can also buy an extended warranty because I have no doubt it will need to be returned within 6-9 months .
 I grew up with a rebounder and love working out on it together with music , so was excited to buy my own . It feels easy , but is great for fitness , fun , and fat burning.However , after using it most mornings for about 4 months , the rubber `` feet '' on started falling apart one by one -LRB- so that the metal pokes through and ruins the carpet -RRB- , and now I have to buy another rebounder . :-LRB- I weigh less than 150 lbs , so that does n't say much for the quality of this particular rebounder ! This time I 'll buy a different brand !
 The canvas on the center of the rebounder was ripped when I received it . I called to return the rebounder and was told that I was responsible for the return shipping fees . After spending another $ 28.00 to ship the rebounder back , I vowed never to purchase something so heavy from the internet without reading all the fine print . They offer warranty services , but I was not happy with the overall quality of the rebounder and did not want to keep it . It moves around on it 's legs as you are jumpin and the stabilizing bar moves several inches either way which made me very nervous . I thought for the price , this was going to be a high quality item . It did not appear to be high quality to me - at least not enough to warrant the high price tag -LRB- plus the extra shipping to return it ! -RRB- .
 I purchased this item based on other customer reviews and was extremely disappointed . The quality is very poor . One of the hinges was actually already broken when I opened the box . I would n't have given it even 1 star but you 're forced to do so to submit a review .
 While I thought the product was high quality and strong , the outgassing was incredibly toxic . HSN , where I bought it , said they had never heard of this before , however , when I contacted Urban Rebounder , they did acknowledge that they 've had complaints occasionally . The solutions did n't work for me , so they did take the product back . I appreciate the excellent customer service , and I hope this issue can be remedied , because I think it 's a great product and a great way to bring up heart rate and have fun while doing so .
 I purchased this new in March , 2010 . It was used 2-3 times/week average . The fabric that holds 2 of the springs broke today and it is now junk . I would give it no stars . More shoddy workmanship from China .
 This is our second trampolin workout system . The first one from another manufacturer , lasted 4 months . I thought that was short , but when this last one after 2 days started to brake I could not believe it.I just have to check more reviews before buying the next one .
 I love rebounding on this . However , I have problems with the leg springs falling off every time I go to fold in the legs . I contacted Urban Rebounder company and ordered more springs , only to have them send me the wrong ones all 4 , times . I have contacted them again to tell them they 're the wrong ones . I just got replacement springs again and you guessed it , still the wrong ones . I now have 10 of them !!! I 'm wondering if they do n't make the springs anymore , as I have had my rebounder for about 4 years . Anyway , I have had no luck getting the replacement parts right . Does anyone out there need springs?UPDATE
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I specifically ordered this foam roller -LRB- 24 '' , not 18 '' -RRB- because the term `` high density '' was in the name and it was 24 '' , which is the ideal length for a combination of home and travel use . This is NOT a high-density roller . I thought it would be comparable to the black high-density foam rollers -LRB- which do not come in 24 '' length -RRB- that I have used during PT sessions ; it is not . It is in fact much softer . Additionally , when I compared it side by side with my old white foam roller , it is actually softer than that one as well . While the density of this roller does not seem to be a problem for others , the term `` high density '' is misleading and if you are looking for a roller that is actually high density , I suggest you stick with one of the black ones .
 The firmness is softer than Power-system 's EVA foam roller . The surface does not have any protection , so it is easier to be scratched and damaged . For this quality , the product price does not make me happy . I am very disappointed .
 My chiropractor recommended this roller . I tried to use it diligently to improve my back and neck . I finally gave up because it was just too painful and I was n't seeing ANY results after 2 weeks of use . The roller hurt my spine and the muscles were n't relaxing . My flexibility did n't increase at all . My abs were getting a bit of a workout . I 've recently gotten a Yamuna body roller ball . THIS is what I wanted . Doing similar exercises with the ball as I had done with this roller is wonderful ! The ball gives a little more , but contacts less surface area . It really gets some pressure on the muscles and helps massage and relax them . And , unlike this roller , the ball does n't put any pressure on the spine itself .
 This item is not useful as I had thought . It is hard like a brick . It will be catching dust in my home .
 just received the 6 ' x 36 ' . if you want this for massage or exercise , i think its WAY WAY too hard ! if you want this for a weapon , it will probably cause quite a concussion . its too cheap to return so i am banging it with a hammer to see if it will get softer . the one they have at my gym is so much softer and useable .
 I specifically ordered this foam roller because the term `` high density '' was in the name and it was 24 '' , which is the ideal length for a combination of home and travel use . This is NOT a high-density roller . I thought it would be comparable to the black high-density foam rollers -LRB- which do not come in 24 '' length -RRB- that I have used during PT sessions ; it is not . It is in fact much softer . Additionally , when I compared it side by side with my old white foam roller , it is actually softer than that one as well . While the density of this roller does not seem to be a problem for others , the term `` high density '' is misleading and if you are looking for a roller that is actually high density , I suggest you stick with one of the black ones .
 I was sort-of angry when i recieved this in the mail . The bristles are ALOT shorter than in the picture , they are about a centimeter long ! what ?! Yeah . well , the hairs/bristles kept falling out like CRAZZY , so i thought id wash it a bit to get all the loose hairs out . NO ! It didnt work much . And i dont know if it was just my brush , but there was a TERRIBLE smell coming from it after it was perfectly clean and dry ! It gave me a head-ache ! it was so strange i couldnt beleive it ! well , i didnt want to waste my money by not using it , so i just thought id put it in a seperate bag inside my grooming bag , it didnt work . it stenched up my WHOLE bag and spred the smell on my horse ?! dissapointed ... im throwing it away or donating it to someone . but i dont know who would want it ... I WAS SUPRISED ! I LOOOOOOVE OSTER ! Everything else from their brand is my absoloute FAVORITE !!! this brush confuses me ...
 The product is new and never used , but the brush is coming out when I just pass on my hands , I do not beleive it will have a good durability !
 after paying 20 dollars for these balls , i found the exact same ones at sears for $ 3.99 ...
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 Length :
 If you use a washer/dryer , beware that these shrink . If you want to line dry them , that might work.Also , it would be nice if there were a mark/tag or something to indicate which is left and which is right .
 These are dress socks , not normal socks . they are good but i was looking for regular socks . it was quite the price to pay for such a small mistake .
 Battery never lasted very long . Even if I did n't use the GPS . The GPS rarely worked and lost its signal constantly . I sent it back to Suunto twice to try and fix it with no change in performance . It must have been designed to work poorly . I do n't think I can buy a Suunto watch again . Waste of money .
 Unlike every other Suunto product I have owned , this one is a PIG ! Its a poor watch . It 's a poor GPS . It 's an OK barometer . It 's a poor compass . However , it IS all these things in a single device ! I believe they simply tried to put too much into a single package , and thus sub-optimzed everything . Of the many features the device offers , the GPS is the least reliable and worst performing . Too bad , since that is the feature most desired by the purchaser . The issues are as follows : Very slow to get a lock on GPS . As much as 45 minutes when first turned on in a new reagion.Very slow to re-acquire GPS position , even after having had a solid lock within the previous hour . 15 to 20 minutes in open terrain and on open water with unobstructed horizon.Frequent tracking ` drop out ` When it loses signal and drops the tracking , it stayes ` dropped ' . It does n't then re-acquire the signalBattery performance is OK , so long as you do n't use the GPS . It 's dead in four hours when engage in constant GPS tracking ... which by the way , it wo n't accomplish becasue it keeps dropping the signal.Suunto reports that the small antenna configuration makes this so ... I guess they did n't tell the folks at Garmin , because they seem to make small antennas work just fine.Now , let 's talk about case failures , rubber gasket failures , and button failures . All within the first 12 months . The front case top de-laminated ... twice . The third case is still intact , mostly because I do n't use the watch because it just does n't perform . The rubber gasket that covers the actuating buttons failed due to fatigue , since you use the buttons a lot to keep the instrument tracking . And on and on it goes.This product has probably created more bad will for Suunto than its worth . It really should be withdrawn . Save your money , or buy a nice Garmin AND a watch/barometer/compass combination . you will be ahead of the game and for a lot less money .
 I have owned this watch for two years . I have read the manual and tried the PC software . Neither are clear . I own several GPS receivers and watches . I regret trying to get this watch to do both . The battery goes dead very quickly and was replaced at the factory at my expense . The water resistance is now gone so it is in the shop again . It failed me in a mild rain.The GPS is always slow to aquire a signal strong enough to mark a point or navigate by . All the time it spends trying figure out it 's location it is also running down the battery fast . The buttons have a poor tactical feel to them that requires looking at the watch carefully or enabling the slilly beeps.I wish I could get my time and money back .
 I tried to like this watch , I really did . The GPS can take up to 5 minutes to get a lock . Everytime . The GPS is n't accurate . The watch is fragile . After I gave up trying to use the GPS , I just wore it as an everyday watch . Then the casing for the face broke . I had to mail the watch to Suunto to get it fixed . Now if I try to use the GPS the log file aborts immediately . This watch is worthless .
 Please do not spend your time and money with this wristtop . I received with battery problems , it does not charge completely and suunto does not have the proper tech service available to fix it . You have better and cheaper options such as forerunner 201 or 301 or the timex trail runner . The suunto signal detection is quite weaker and when hiking grand canyon the unit remained most of time without capturing signal at all .
 I bought this watch from REI . The first one 's electronics gave it up on the first night when I connected it to the PC . On the second two the plastic housing started separating . That 's right , I had to return the watch THREE TIMES , the 3rd time I just wanted my money back.Also , it seems you have to hold your wrist up facing the sky if you want a reading . Too bad , the watch sounded so good ...
 I bought this for a 10 day trek across africa , followed up by a North Pole trek . What a challenge to get to operate , and when it did start to operate it would stop recording mid day . Also battery life is weak , did n't make it across africa . PS I 'm a computer geek , so it may be user error but doubtful .
 If what you want is a very small interface loaded w / features and you 're willing to sacrifice ` user friendliness ' and graphic display , then this watch is for you . Navigating the various functions can be tricky and GPS , Compass and Altitude functions will need to calibrated regularly in order to be usably accurate . Also note that the GPS function quickly drains the rechargeable battery so for long outings you will need to use this function sparingly . Another factoid
 Received this watch last week . Thought it would be nice to have all this functionality in a watch.I have over 14 years experience with GPS systems . This one is perhaps the least stable I have ever used including the older sequencing receivers . Since it will not hold lock even in an open flat area unless held level and away from your body , you ca n't very well move about with it strapped to your wrist and get any usable data . In a car - forget it . I let it acquire and load the satellite emepheris data for 15 minutes , after which it still could not hold position fixes with any normal movement , even it open terrain with good satellite geometry.The other functions work well enough , stopwatch , dual time , compass , barometer , etc. . The temp function is worthless , however this can not be accomplished with any watch since your wrist warms it.In conclusion it is not as good as the Casio triple sensor pathfinder you can get for about 160 dollars , which has a compass , baro temp function and a battery that lasts years rather than days like this one does -LRB- between recharges -RRB- .
 Uniqueness of this watch was the GPS feature . However , I have yet to acquire a sufficient satellite signals to use any of the functions of this watch that require GPS feature . I paid a lot of money for these features and am now only using it as a time piece . Even as an ordinary watch , I have to recharge every couple of weeks to use it . I have written to Suunto and asked to trade it in for X10 but they refused . My argument to them was that if the watch does not work as advertised , they should not market them as such . Some of us rely on these technologies with our lives . . literally . Their response was that their upgraded model X10 should work better in acquiring the signals . No reasonable remedy . Maybe they produce other products that are good but based on their company policies , I will never purchase another Suunto product again but will be a living negative advertisement of their products . I would give `` negative '' stars if I could . Way to go Suunto ...
 After two weeks of side-by-side usage , I 've concluded that these watches are targeted at very different markets . Furthermore , in many respects , it seems like neither watch is totally ready for prime-time . Both have nice feature sets , but they each seem to be lacking some very important features to make them truly useful across several sports . The Suunto X9i seems to be targeted and more useful to the climbing crowd , whereas the Garmin Forerunner 405 seems targeted at the fitness/jogging crowd . Neither has the complete feature set that the above-average hiker/trail runner/mountain biker needs . Thus , if you purchase either , you have to accept the compromises inherit in one or the other.If I was pressed to recommend one over the other , I very hesitantly lean towards the Garmin Forerunner 405 due to smaller size , better battery life , faster GPS synch , slightly better navigation screen and of course , lower price . I 'm hesitant because of several important cons which I elaborate on below.STATS : Battery Life -LRB- w / GPS -RRB-
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I had the same problem as another reviewer who said all the screws fell out and his knife fell apart . When I noticed it was getting loose , I took the knife apart and reassembled it using lock-tite red . So far so good - that was a few months ago.The quality of the steel is fine but the knife will literally disassemble itself under normal use . That points to a bigger problem
 I had this knife for a short time . Within a few months , it completely disintegrated . It fell apart . All the screws came loose . I was left with a blade and the 2 pieces that made up the handle
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 It was awful , and I threw most of the can away ... who are the tasters their at moutian house ? Years ago their stuff used to be so good ... do n't waist your money on this one .
 This review is for the precooked scrambled eggs and not other Mountain House products -LRB- which are actually very good -RRB- . I ca n't believe another reviewer gave this 5 stars . This stuff is the worst Mountain House product there is . The eggs have a styrofoam consistency and the bacon is just tiny little chips . As an avid camper , I know what I talking about having eaten freeze dried food for years . Buy the -LRB- Mountain House -RRB- uncooked freeze dried eggs which cook up just like real eggs . They 're at least 10 times better . If you really need bacon then get some dried bacon chips at your supermarket . Same weight and much better taste.Who would eat this stuff as part of a regular menu ? This is bulk-packaged camping/survival food . The shelf life on unopened cans is about 30 years if stored correctly at a cool temperature 60 degrees F or lower . High temperatures decrease the shelf life by 2/3 or more . In a # 10 can , you probably have 20 servings that need to be consumed in under a month ; however , you can extend the shelf-life of an opened can by freezing it .
 At this price , a person pays nearly $ 15 dollars per ONE POUND of food . I have found this product cheaper . The food is good , taste well enough but the price is just too much for such a small portion .
 In principle it is a great idea.The product appears huge on the model on the package , covering from the neck down to almost to the waist . The actual product is about 16 '' long and only reaches the mid back if it is set at the neck level . There is no picture of the front so it is unclear how they intended you to wear this unit . If the straps are placed across the chest , it rides up too high . The straps are very short and therefore extremely uncomfortable to wear , I guess because they need to pull the unit tightly against the back in order to receive any benefit at all from the massagers . Some additional adjustment to the straps could make this a much better product .
 These are ok for the speedbag , worthless for the heavy bag . Quality was fair - already had a stitch coming loss by the thumbs after one use .
 these gloves are horrible they fell like a rock and they dont fit even if u get the biggest size . they feel like they are goin to ripe appart . if anyone is looking to buy a pare of normal gloves i would take a look at something else . u will feel the same way i felt when i got them .
 i was sent one used and one new glove so i returned them . they are not as heavy duty as the others out there .
 I ordered these gloves to replace a pair I 'd had for many years . Though I ordered a large , the same size as those I was replacing , the Valeo GLBM Leather Bag Gloves with Wrist Wraps did not fit . They were so small that I could not even fit my hand into the glove . The quality was also very cheap and the leather was super stiff . Because 2 sizes or more too small is not considered a `` defect '' I had to eat shipping . Avoid these gloves like the plague .
 I bought these XXL leather bag gloves for my son who wears 2X and 3X size clothes , and has a hand approximately 5-1/4 '' wide from thumb joint to palm . The right glove split down the side after the first couple of punches on the bag . He 's still using the gloves , but they 're duct-taped . It might help if the manufacturer supplied dimensions for the gloves , or the vendor supplied a chart or visual info to help customers determine sizing . These are the only XXL bag gloves at this price point , but unfortunately they seem to run smaller than one would expect , and the leather material is subject to splitting under the extremely tight fit . If your hands are a true XXL , you may find them too tight for comfort .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 I 've bought just about every kind of hoof pick I 've seen over the years . This one -LRB- same as the Equestria brand pick -RRB- is by far the most comfortable to use and the blade is easy to work around the hoof - much better than the $ 1 plastic picks with the brushes on them.BUT it is the only pick I 've ever had that has broken
 I purchased this item based on reviews , but after only limited use the metal pick started bending when used to pick out a horses hoofs . Fails to perform as designed .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them , so much so that I have not worn them at all .
 I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China . I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered . They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed . I received the pants and they were made in China and did n't fit anything like the other 3 do . I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS . The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it . This was emailed from Zac . I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number . I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon . I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account . Fortunately , I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June . If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city , I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in . I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in .
 Despite the sizes being noted as Medium - Men 's 7-9 , my size 8 1/2 shoe does n't come close to fitting into it .
 I have now gone through three pairs of Adventerer oversoes . Shortly after one year of wear , all three pairs have failed . Honeywell -LRB- who makes them -RRB- could n't care less . They even swore that they did not sell them on their web site overshoe.com ! If you go to that sight , you can buy them . All have just flat worn out in different places . The first pair wore out at the uppers stitching , the second at the bottom of the tongue and the third tore at the heel . I only wear them 20-30 minutes at a time , twice a day , four days a week . They certainly should be able to handle that .
 I would not purchase this shampoo again ... Leaves a bad smell in the dog 's hair.It truly should be used on horses ...
 I bought this hat cause it really has a cool logo and I loved the fact you just do n't see it everyday . Anyways soon after I recieved the hat I began to wear it . It seems thicker than most hats and I really enjoyed wearing it . unfortunately on the 3rd day I had it I has pulling the brim on the cap and the back part where you size it snapped off like a twig . I did n't even really tug hard . Anways it ruined the cap and looking at it i see it was somewhat cheaply made .
 Purchased this product at a premiun price compared to digital pedometers because of favorable experience in the past with this type of pedometer . The only reason I discontinued using them was a tendency of the strap to break due to insufficient clearance with the pedometer body . Otherwise they were simple to use and reasonably accurate . They also did not lose performance over time that occurs with loss of power in the battery operated digital pedometers.The current version was a total disappointment . The first one did not work -- failed to register , and its replacement was no better . There was no way to determine if both were defective or were designed for some application other than walking . Both have been returned for refund and will be replaced by a digital pedometer .
 although this does lather fairly well fragrence does not stay on dog I thought rosewater would emit a better after smell .
 I would not have bought this bag if I had seen it in person.It will suffice , but it 's too floppy looking to be rocking on the streets with style .
 Product was n't what I expected . Material was flimsy , difficult to blow up . Would not buy another one . Was n't happy with product .
 Do not buy this hat for sun protection.The shape is great , and just what I was looking for to protect myself from the sun . The clip visor style allows my hair to not be crushed down by the hat.But the bill lets light through , and the `` UV coating '' is so ineffective that I doubt there is any coating at all . You will note that there is no attempt to disclose any SPF rating for this hat in the description.After wearing the visor for one hour outside , my face became covered in light freckles . Ugh ! I called and tried to tell the representative that this was a problem , and got indifference.Ineffective at protecting your face from the sun - do not buy this unless you are looking for it as a fashion statement only.e4hats - listen to your customers and improve this hat!I note that e4hats deleted my negative reviews of this hat off of their own website . Apparently , they only allow positive reviews to remain on their site . Shame on you , e4hats .
 The seatpost needs an unusual amount of high tork to stay , otherwise the back of the saddle slides down . Even when the bolt is tightened practically to the point of stripping , it still slides back slightly once you sit on the saddle . So it 's a shiny piece of aluminum , I 'm ordering another seatpost . I 'm not just putting down cheap components either , promax actually makes an even cheaper seatpost , which works fine . This one just does n't work though , at all .
 If you ever plan to deal with the customer service , do not buy Marmot Tents . I sent them mine about 6 months ago -LRB- my tent has a lifetime warranty -RRB- . After 5 years and about 5 2-3 day hikes per year the seam tapes started to go off . After 2 months I called them to find out that they received the tent and would replace it . I was n't happy , since they no longer produced a single person tent for a 6ft tall person , but said OK . 2 months later I called and was told that my tent had mildew and would not be repaired or replaced . They offered me to buy a net tent at a discount . The cheapest I could find would have cost me over a $ 100 . I said NO , I want my old tent back . They said they would ship it . 2 months later - no tent . I called them and the guy named Fry told me they still have my old tent in their office.By the way , I dried my tent after every backpack and did n't see any mildew when I sent it .
 The hardware on this halter is so chintzy I do n't even want to put it on my horses for fear one spook will cause the metal to snap and expose sharp edges . Sure , it 's inexpensive , but it 's also useless .
 When I recieved this item I was very disappointed , the halter color was not red . It is more of a coral orange . Very disappointing , but the quality is decent .
 Although the size given on the halter was `` Pony '' , this halter is far too large for my 36 '' mini . I was very disappointed . To return costs $ 7.00 which is actually very reasonable , but the two halters I purchased only cost $ 8.00 . So they will go into the yard sale I suppose .
 I have back issues . So , I did a lot of research on inversion machines before purchasing this particular device on the recommendation of my chiropractor . I have used inversion tables and was going to get one of the latest models being advertised for $ 250 . I currently own boots which are strapped to one 's ankles , but they are a hassle , and it 's hard to hoist myself upside down onto a chin-up bar to hang myself upside down when I feel crappy . Soooo , I liked the idea this device offers , of bracing from the hips so that the inversion can be concentrated on the lower back . Great idea . Here is where it gets not good . In a word , this brand new unit of over $ 300 is cheap . The pieces fit together sloppily and the non-metal pieces are cheap plastic . I have manufactured items before , and know the work that must be done to get metal pieces to fit within certain tolerances . This manufacturer played it safe by going with broad tolerances , so that when fully assembled , the handles and main vertical piece you rest against are rattle-y , not snug and substantial . They jiggle lazily . The handles on the front bottom do n't attach straight . The plastic end-cap on the thigh roller broke off . One of the long bolts to hold the main pad assembly to the vertical riser would n't even go through because there was un-punched plastic insert that had to be removed before i could fit it together . It feels light-duty though I have no reason other than these to accuse it of being so . It pisses me off every time I use it , because I feel like in my desperation to find something that could give me relief , i jumped into something that was clearly double the price of what it should be for this level of quality . If I do n't end up selling it to my chiropractor who said she would take it off my hands if i didnt like it -LRB- before I bought it -RRB- , I 'll probably be retrofitting this and re-engineering it slightly to make it fit together better . My advice , is to look at the pictures , visualize what this thing is doing , save yourself $ 300 , and find an alternate way to achieve this particular stretch . The manufacturer should n't be rewarded for putting something of this quality out for sale . Or just get one of those new $ 250 inversion tables . I can not sense $ 100 of difference in the way my back and legs feel ! Good luck , and above all else , I hope you find relief for your back pain .
 I order 2 of these units . Both of them where used . Someone else had already returned the product because they where defective . After the 1st unit was returned I asked for a new unopened box . I got a new box with an old box inside . The bubble wrap was so old it was yellow . They both where from Meyer Distributing out of Hudson , Ohio .
 This home door gym is not a terrible piece of equipment , nor is it the best . For someone just beginning a work out , or looking for a piece that keeps them active from time to time , this is not a bad place to start . But , for the serious trainer , you will out perform this piece of equipment quickly . There are multiple levels of resistance , but not as many as other elastic band trainers . There are better products out there that offer more resistance , and are more tuned for the serious work out and resistance trainer . Other gym systems like Bodylastics set are a better products and offer a greater longevity of usage .
 I purchased two of these , thinking they would be great to just leave on as I motor to a spot and then jump up on the front deck to fish . As advertised they did exactly as I wanted to - however - humidity makes them go off easily and the little green pins always break way to easily as well . At $ 20 for the rearm kit , it can get expensive . The most disturbing thing is they are disposable . By that I mean if you happen to get a pin hole leak in one , it is now junk , it can not be repaired and there is no replacement inner section for them . I have had them a couple short years and take really good care of my stuff , seems weird that it just developed a leak this easily . I am going back to the traditional life vests , ca n't keep throwing $ 200 away every couple of years .
 These pants are terrible . They are so thin . If your son slides and they stain ... they will not come clean
 things i do not like about this item
 As noted in another review , the straps do not last . Ours essentially dissolved . I 'm thankful that nothing happened while our kids were in the trailer . The straps are what support the bottom of the trailer , providing structure to the cabin as well as the seats.I 'm not the kind to be strongly against things , but in this case for the safety of the passengers please do not purchase this trailer.If you have purchased this trailer , please inspect straps ASAP .
 First use today with a 42 '' tall 38.4 pound child.-Floor sags almost to the ground , shows signs of readiness to tear upon loading child-Head touches top , legs srunched at bottom-Harness inside is cheap , flimsy and rough on edegs-Cover snaps and snaps on frame do n't line up well-Not very reflective , extra reflective material had to be added-Plastic cover for front absolutely neccessary as rocks/dirt fly into trailer hitting child , no other option for ventilation making riding very uncomfortableDesign would be improved by-Particle board or the like to line the floor with and give it some stability-More height for helmets-Adjustable straps on floor to add stability-Reinforcements on seams that will take a lot of pressure i.e. child stepping on to get in seat-Exclusive use of buckles in harness-Covers for harness to avoid cutting into sensitive skin-Tinting widow or added shade to top preventing over exposure-Ventilating side windowsWill be looking for a more sturdy , thoughtful design . Children deserve to enjoy riding as well.Do not buy if you plan on using frequently it will not hold up .
 Sadly , I have to agree with the other poor reviews . My 13 month old hates this thing . The seats are not comfortable for him ; no matter how we try to adjust the straps they cut into the neck ... and it gets very very hot in there even when biking in the shade . It is not really a smooth ride at all . I am very disappointed in this product .
 The bike trailer looked nice once assembled . However , as soon as you put two kids in it , they seem to sit on top of each other and barely enough room for the both of them . The seats are not very balanced or flat . It creates a dip in the middle which is fine for 1 child , but with 2 kids this creates a problem since the seat area gives it like a hammock effect . You have to have strong fingers to latch each child in it . I seem to have the most problem unlatching the straps . I thought it was a cheap latch system . They could 've put better latches . But for the money , you get what you paid for . I would 've invested in a better bike trailer .
 When converted to a stroller , the front wheel assembly is attached to the frame with triangle shaped bracket make of cheap , flimsy , weak plastic . The bolts pulled through the plastic while our toddler was napping on a walk . The wheel pulled off . When this happens MILES from home , you will have quite a time getting the stroller and child back home safely , and potentially injuries could result when the bracket fails.I called the 877 recall number and got TRANSFERRED several times to different people . Every time I explained what happened they transferred me to somebody else and I had to start over again . Finally they wanted me to talk to someone in the LIABILITY department . I left my name and number and so far NO ONE HAS RETURNED THE CALL.The product packaging box does n't let you see how weak and poorly designed this plastic bracket is . If they had just made it from metal or a thicker and stronger type off plastic , it probably would have been safe , but they cut corners and used a weak part in a vital area that keeps the front wheel on.If you have problems , EXPECT A BIG RUN-AROUND and uncooperative , lazy people that refuse to take responsibility and do their job to solve the problem.IF THEY HAD JUST SENT ME A REPLACEMENT BRACKET instead of stalling and passing the buck , I would not be writing this negative review . But not only did they greatly inconvenience us by making us carry a broken stroller and toddler miles back home , but they had this irritating attitude that they could not care less how frustrated the customer is at being shunted around and around from department to department , as if they were annoyed that a pesky customer had interrupted their computer Solitaire game or prevented them from updating their facebook page . They make a defective product , and instead of ADDRESSING THE CORE PROBLEM AND OFFERING A SOLUTION , they put you into limbo land , wasting a whole morning on hold , then wasting hours more waiting for a return call that never comes , making the disgruntled injured consumer fume and fill the time by writing a NEGATIVE review of this dangerous , defective , weak , and unsatisfying product.CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW ? DO N'T YOU WISH YOU HAD JUST MAILED ME A REPLACEMENT 5 CENT PLASTIC BRACKET ????? INSTEAD OF WASTING HALF MY DAY AND LYING ABOUT CALLING ME BACK ?
 To be honest , I really wanted a Burley trailer for my kids and I do even more now after having dealt with the Quick N EZ trailer for a year . Our first trailer we got for $ 25 at a garage sale . It was also InStep but I do n't see that they make this style any longer . It had a hard plastic base as opposed to the canvas most -LRB- if not all -RRB- trailers are made of these days . My son would slip and slide all over . After just a few minutes of biking with no suspension and no seats , he 'd be slumped down with the straps around his neck.Needless to say , I was n't going to make him endure that any longer ! So we picked up the Quick and EZ for $ 80 . We were pleased with how easy it was to set up and how quickly it folded down , though it still was n't small enough to fit in the trunk of our Grand Prix . We now have a Sienna so it 's no longer an issue , but my son 's comfort was immediately a factor from the first time he was put in it . The hammock-style seat is straight up in the back , so when he falls asleep he just slumps over and looks very uncomfortable.Not only that , but the airflow inside the trailer is a HUGE concern for me . After 10 minutes of biking in 80ish degree weather , he is beet red and soaked in sweat . Now , he is not in direct sunlight so that 's not what 's heating him up . It 's that because the hammock seat is canvas and because the seat effectively goes from `` wall to wall '' inside the trailer , there is nowhere for the air to go , even though there is a vent in the back of the trailer . We started putting him in shorts and nothing else to try to keep him comfortable but he still gets extremely hot . How can I enjoy my ride when I know he is miserable?And you can forget about putting two kids in this thing unless they 're very easy-going and do n't mind being squished together . When I was a daycare mom , I would regularly take my son and one of our daycare kids who was only 4 days younger than my son and about the same build , and the first few times they did nothing but fight ! Sure they were two 2-year-olds , but can you blame them ? The hammock seat forced them to lean into each other and make them even MORE hot ! Would you really enjoy riding in the car if you were pressed up against the person in the seat beside you the entire time ? Not likely!Aside from that major complaint , I do have to complain that the small wheels and lack of suspension make for a very bumpy ride and I also feel bad subjecting my kids to that . Also , it would be nice if you could only partially lower the sun shade to keep your baby protected . When we 're going in the wrong direction , he always gets sun on his thighs and sometimes even his arms if the sun is high . We always put sunscreen on of course , but if I 'm going to expect him to sit in there while I bike for two hours , I 'd like to make sure he 's comfortable.So , all complaints aside , the trailer has one big plus . It 's price . You ca n't beat the price , but you get what you pay for . This summer I am seriously considering spending one of my bonus checks to get my son a wonderful Burley trailer . Yes , it 's $ 450 and probably not practical if you only bike once in a while , but seeing as we bike daily in warm weather and sometimes 2-3 times a day , I think the price is justified to make sure he enjoys it as much as I do . Burley trailers come with large wheels with suspension , a roll bar , PADDED BUCKET SEATS !! with mesh on the upper part to allow for good airflow , and padded seatbelts.Yep , definitely getting a Burley this year ! I 've waited long enough ! ; -RRB-
 I bought this trailer last year for my -LRB- then -RRB- 4 y.o. and 2 y.o. I cycle only short distances around town and did n't have alot of money to spend so I bought the cheapest one I could find . I do n't like to waste money and I can usually make due with what I have instead of needing top of the line things . But in this case , it was a huge mistake.Poor Seat Design/Harness : This trailer does not even have what I would call a seat . It merely has a practically vertical sheet of nylon with a three point harness sewn to it . So , there is nothing to really sit on . My children , whether travelling together or just one in the center , end up hanging by their crotches the whole ride . We have tried everything we can to tweak it to make it different but it just does n't get anywhere near an actual seat that you can sit in . And if you have two kids , they just slide to the middle . Also , there is no space for their helmets so it forces their helmets forward and chokes them . An older child can tell you they 're being choked , but I 'd be pretty scared to put a younger baby in that hammock with a helmet on . Although frankly , I do n't see how the 3 pt harness could even hold a younger child to begin with.Bottom Not Durable : The bottom material is also really poor so that after one summer of light use , there are multiple holes in it where the kids feet hang . And if I put groceries in the back , the weight of the bag drags on the street for the ride home.Front Wheel Broke : The front wheel has also broken off but that was while some kids where pushing it so I ca n't honestly say if it was through normal use or something else.It was easy to setup and is easy to attach and unattach . It was also fine to stroll until the wheel broke off . However , since the seat is so completely horrible , the pluses of this trailer do n't matter much.So now I 've learned
 on bike riding , my kid put his foot on fabric bottom . it was scratched on the road . finally it makes whole just in 2 days . what a quality is this .
 Do not buy this stroller . This stroller got a hole in it after the third day of using it . It is really made for one child . If you put two children in here they get smushed against each other . It is also hard to strap the children down into the stroller . Do n't throw your money away on this junk .
 IF YOU OWN THIS TRAILER , STOP USING IT IMMEDIATELY !!!! THIS IS VERY DANGEROUS !!! After one year of very little use the trailer is now just garbage . All of the gray nylon straps on this thing are now so weak that you can rip them in half with very little effort . These straps are the ones used to hold up the seat , and more importantly they are the straps used as seat belts.Today when I was buckling the seat belt on my two year old , the belt just pulled right off of the seat . So I decided to check the other straps and I found that I was able to easily rip every single seat belt off of the stroller with almost no force at all . I am glad that I noticed or I would have been putting my child in serious danger!For anyone that has this trailer STOP USING IT IMMEDIATELY AND THROW IT AWAY . THIS IS NOT SAFE FOR YOUR CHILDREN.If you are thinking of buying this thing DO N'T !
 I bought two of these for my son and his teammate ; both of them ripped at the seams while putting them on ; they did not even last more than two matches ; Stay away from these
 The hardware on this halter is so chintzy I do n't even want to put it on my horses for fear one spook will cause the metal to snap and expose sharp edges . Sure , it 's inexpensive , but it 's also useless .
 When I recieved this item I was very disappointed , the halter color was not red . It is more of a coral orange . Very disappointing , but the quality is decent .
 Although the size given on the halter was `` Pony '' , this halter is far too large for my 36 '' mini . I was very disappointed . To return costs $ 7.00 which is actually very reasonable , but the two halters I purchased only cost $ 8.00 . So they will go into the yard sale I suppose .
 The hardware on this halter is so chintzy I do n't even want to put it on my horses for fear one spook will cause the metal to snap and expose sharp edges . Sure , it 's inexpensive , but it 's also useless .
 When I recieved this item I was very disappointed , the halter color was not red . It is more of a coral orange . Very disappointing , but the quality is decent .
 Although the size given on the halter was `` Pony '' , this halter is far too large for my 36 '' mini . I was very disappointed . To return costs $ 7.00 which is actually very reasonable , but the two halters I purchased only cost $ 8.00 . So they will go into the yard sale I suppose .
 This is a flimsy piece of junk , not worthy of hanging your bike shorts , let alone an actual bike . I puchased three of these things and had the same experience with all three , so I am fairly confident I did n't just get a lemon . Here are the specific problems : If any lateral pressure is applied to the arms , they can easily snap off . Since these were mounted in my garage , there were many times when this happened as I tried to pass between my car and the bike rack and brushed against one of the arms.If any downward pressure is applied to the arms , especially with a bike stored in place , the arms can easily snap off . This happened after my 7 year old leaned her bike against one of the hanging bikes.The hardware -LRB- screws -RRB- sent to assemble the unit are pathetic . They actually included sheetrock screws as the mechanism to affix the arms to the base . These snapped on day one.I upgraded the hardware , re-glued the arm to the base and had high hopes . Unfortunately the arms are so small and spindly that the oak cracked the first time I inadvertently applied lateral pressure -LRB- see above -RRB- . Crash .
 This wood bike rack does definitely does NOT `` hold up '' to its competitors . Not only did I hang an extremely expensive bike , the bike itself is incredibly light weight - so I thought it could hang properly on the wall via this wood unit . Within a day the whole thing ripped apart and came crashing down . Other bike racks I have purchased and are currently using are doing the job just fine ! This unti is obviously NOT engineered properly , and most importantly NOT safe.I also had to PAY out of pocket for the amazon return.Net Net ... DO n't Gear UP !
 no batteries were included and the slot for the battery was not even big enough for the battery to go into ! i had to force the AA battery in , so it may never come out again . shipping took MUCH longer than expected and the wood looks CHEAP ! i will never purchase anything else from this company again
 Nice real but never use it in saltwater . I used it once in saltwater and cleaned it out immediatly afterwards . The real has n't been the same ever since - the real no longer reals smoothly .
 I have never been more disappointed with a company as I have been with Pflueger . I Had a problem with the reel from day one but only recourse would have been to send it in at my expense and hope it would have been covered by the warranty ? I do n't think so . I figured out what was wrong and decided to replace the parts . Problem was that one tiny little brass gear was going to cost $ 18 ! And that did n't include the cost of shipping ! The value of the gear probably was no more than $ 1 as it was a simple brass part and made in China.Worse though was that the other part I needed was n't even available and this on a reel that was now just over a year old ? And Pflueger was no help at all . Pflueger 's suggestion was send it in and they might repair it but cost estimate was going to be more than what I paid for the reel!The other reason I did n't send the reel in to Pflueger was their response to my inquiries ; `` In the event there are no parts available for your reel our reel technicians will offer you an accommodation on a new model at a discounted price '' . This means that had I sent the reel in -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and parts are not available -LRB- turns out that they were Not -RRB- , I would have had to pay again to have the reel returned and all Pflueger would have done would be to offer me a discount on a new reel.Never buying another Pflueger . If you want a good fishing reel , find a company that stands behind their products . If you want to see how cheap Pflueger is , just get a parts diagram for one of their reels .
 I ca n't speak as to the durability of this case . What I can say is that I have a very average sized Mission Maniac bow and it does n't come close to fitting in this case . At the lowest adjustment possible the string and cams are still a half inch above the lid . It may say that this case fits most parallel limbs bows , but unless it is your kids bow , I would doubt that very much .
 I had heard nothing but great things about this product , but mine -LRB- sealed , and clipped tightly -RRB- leaked an entire river through our day pack ! We had soggy clothes , soggy snacks , and soggy spirits . We used it 3 times , the third was the first time water had access to the pack , and boy did it ever ! I am so glad we left our phones in the car this time ! Very sad .
 I bought this in haste as Gooper does n't make a bag this size and I was leaving for a raft trip in just 2 days -LRB- thank you Amazon Prime ! -RRB- . I would have been better off with a bunch of ziplocks ! Cheap materials and poor performance in general . I wrote Gooper to see if they 're going to make bags like this -LRB- I love my Gooper phone case -RRB- but they said it 'll be at least 6-8 months before their new stuff is available . I 'll wait !
 Although I like what I received , and it will do the job , it is not what I ordered . I ordered this round product ... . that is the picture shown . What I received was a square platform with two blue nonslip patches . There is no name anywhere on the rocker I received .
 The hardware on this halter is so chintzy I do n't even want to put it on my horses for fear one spook will cause the metal to snap and expose sharp edges . Sure , it 's inexpensive , but it 's also useless .
 When I recieved this item I was very disappointed , the halter color was not red . It is more of a coral orange . Very disappointing , but the quality is decent .
 Although the size given on the halter was `` Pony '' , this halter is far too large for my 36 '' mini . I was very disappointed . To return costs $ 7.00 which is actually very reasonable , but the two halters I purchased only cost $ 8.00 . So they will go into the yard sale I suppose .
 We purchased this with high hopes in November last year as a Christmas gift . When my wife and I started wrapping all the gifts , we decided to hold off on the goal until our boy started soccer . Today was the first day of practice , and I was so excited to tell my 5 year old that I had a special surprise for him , so I pulled the still sealed box from our master bedroom closet opened it up to find at least 4 poles with severe rust , one of them so much so that all the paint is flaking off . Not only am I unhappy , but my 5 year old was devastated when I told him I could not put it toghether until I got new poles from the company . I have called the number and left a voicemail for the company and hope we can get replacement poles quickly . Right now I ca n't give more than one star . I will revise my review once we hear back from the manufacturer .
 This goal is good for kids but that 's about it . I have n't had it for 24 hours and I 've already obliterated the back post with dents and broken one of the top snaps . If you want something that can stand up to a hard slap shot and an actual roller puck you should keep looking . I 'm not the best hockey player and doubt this goal is standing in a week .
 For me , this would be an absolute do-not buy . I will say this about it
 My wife bought this for my birthday and It has never performed properly since I received it . One of the main reasons I purchased the 231 was for the mounted fan and easy access to the fan . I have had two computer replacements and one fan replacements and the fan still does nothing . I was suppose to have a `` fan-and-computer '' set which was tested together prior to delivery , sent to me two weeks ago . They were never received . Since the box is gone and I refuse to pay for shipping , I guess I am stuck with this product .
 Purchased this bike in November . When it arrived there was `` some assembly required '' . After a few hours , it was assembled and ready for use . The seat was very comfortable and the bike was very quiet . The fan was pretty much useless as it did n't push enough air to make it worth while and it was quite noisy . Other than that , I really liked this bike ... until it broke . One week after I received the bike I got on it in the morning and started to peddle only to hear a grinding noise coming from the flywheel . After researching this online , I discovered that this is a fairly common thing with this model . I contacted Amazon to request return information and they were extremely helpful and accommodating . They paid for the return shipping too ! The only thing was that I had to disassemble the whole thing and make it fit back into the original box -LRB- which we did accomplish after much trial and error -RRB- . The return went very smoothly and Amazon deserves a big thank you for their help with the return process . I went out the day after I sent this bike back and bought a Lifecore 1000rb at a local fitness store . It fits much better in my living room -LRB- it 's noted for it 's compact size -RRB- , is even quieter than the Schwinn and the seat is extremely comfortable -LRB- the only down side is that it cost almost 3 times the price of the Schwinn . -RRB- I guess you get what you pay for .
 I 've been unhappy with this bike , especially for the price . It was shipped with the wrong pedal and had to mess with getting the right one shipped and now 2 years later , that same pedal is now coming off and it appears that the arm for the pedal is faulty and now have to deal with trying to get it fixed and the warranty period is over . So just 2 years after purchasing , am having to once again deal with trying to get it fixed . While the bike has been good to work out on when the parts work , its not the quality I 'm used to seeing with past Schwinn products and given the price and the problems I 've had , I do not recommend it . Very disappinted .
 I have had my Schwinn 213 for just over a year and have used it for about 40 hours in all . Unbelievably the computer in it is broken which means that you can no longer do anything with the $ 550 bike except sit on it and ride it at the easiest level . No settings , no timings , nothing ! A new computer would cost $ 279 and that would be foolish - being the first one lasted only a year ! Do yourself a favor AND DO N'T BUY THE SCWINN !
 3RD DAY USING THE BIKE THE BIKE STARTED MAKING A KNOCKING NOISE INSIDE THE PEDAL ASSEMBLY ... EVERY SPIN OF THE PEDAL IT HAS GOTTEN WORSE ... ITS SATURDAY AND WHAT DO YOU KNOW. , . . THERE IS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE AVAILABE ... HOW CONVIENIENT . . SO I WILL HOPEFULLY AMEND THIS REVIEW IF THEY COME FIX THIS THING ... AND BTW THE PACKAGING WAS HARDLY HOLDING ITSELF TOGETHER WHEN I GOT IT AND THERE WAS A CREASE IN THE SEAT FROM THE PACKAGING SQUISHING IT THAT HASNT GON AWAY ... RIGHT NOW IM NOT HAPPY AT ALL
 I bought this exervcise bike about one year ago . Quite hard to put together and wound up hiring someone to do it . It took him 4 hours in all . Used it 7-8 times , and worked quite well.For about 6 months , had a few medical problems and did not use it.Once again felt well enough to start my exercise program . Plugged the bike in , and now makes a horrible cyclical -LRB- ironic -RRB- grinding noise that comes and goes . When the noise is occuring , the pedal becomes almost impossible to move.Called Schwinn customer service . The gentleman I got on the phone wanted me to take the flywheel apart and to examine the gearing , and then take the pedals and the gearing from the pedals to the flywheel as well . I have trouble putting in a light switch , and told him that I had no tools to do this , nor did I really have the time.At that point , the Dr. Jeckel came out . `` how do you expect me to help you if you wo n't do what I tell you to do ? '' He refused to send someone out to repair the bike , even after I told him that I would reimburse Schwinn the cost of the repair.Now I wish I had bought this at Costco , where I simply could have returned it to a store.I have called in an installer from one of the local exercise equipment stores to repair a device that was used eight times . I will write a followup once repairs have been completed.Things break , but there is no excuse for this horrible customer service . I would stongly suggest that if anyone wants to buy this model , that they purchase it from a store where long term returns are allowed , because Schwinn has been worthless . The same company makes bowflex and nautilis , and the same warning applies .
 I would give it zero stars if I could . Box came completely damaged . Outside plastic part was broken and cracked . Took 3 hours to put together and the resistance did not work . More of a hassle than it is worth .
 Should have put together sooner . Damaged with flywheel scraping side of encloser . Hope can get fixed for less than bargain price I paid .
 although they sent me a Red Sox scarf it was not this one . I searched high and low for this one and in the end , did n't get the one I wanted . they sent me one that was n't even on the site and was n't happy with it . could n't return it , bec it was a Christmas present . unhappy Sox fan !
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 The magnet I received was not as pictured on the web site . Both the word `` Boston '' and the seams on the baseball were red in color rather than the blue pictured.But Amazon did make the return process extremely easy .
 The hardware on this halter is so chintzy I do n't even want to put it on my horses for fear one spook will cause the metal to snap and expose sharp edges . Sure , it 's inexpensive , but it 's also useless .
 When I recieved this item I was very disappointed , the halter color was not red . It is more of a coral orange . Very disappointing , but the quality is decent .
 Although the size given on the halter was `` Pony '' , this halter is far too large for my 36 '' mini . I was very disappointed . To return costs $ 7.00 which is actually very reasonable , but the two halters I purchased only cost $ 8.00 . So they will go into the yard sale I suppose .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 After barely 12 months of use , the plastic bowl of this unit split open and is useless . The unit was not used excessively . Between 300 to 500 rounds of handgun brass was run through it about once every other week . Yet after less than 26 uses it failed.I spent the money -LRB- pre-paid return shipping as well -RRB- to send the tumbler to Hornady for factory warranty repair and received even more disappointment . 3 weeks after receiving it Hornady was unable to give me any idea as to when they would be repairing it.So now I 'm out the tumbler due to a design/construction flaw as well as money for shipping it to and from Hornady 's customer service.I will think long and hard before I buy anything from Hornady in the future !
 I bought this tumbler after looking for some time at several other units and thought that the heavier bowl would last ... was I wrong ! In the less than 6 months I 've had it , the bowl already has several large cracks in it and after reading another review here , this seems to be a problem with this particular unit.I never overload the bowl and only use walnut media with a little flitz media polish added to it and it 's developed several cracks on the outside of the bowl . So far they have not gone all the way through to the inside , but they are fairly deep so it 's just a matter of time until they do.This tumbler is nice and quiet compared to a couple of others I 've tried , but if it 's going to be breaking bowls , I 'll have to start looking elsewhere . Do yourself a favor and look for something with better longevity !
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 The hardware on this halter is so chintzy I do n't even want to put it on my horses for fear one spook will cause the metal to snap and expose sharp edges . Sure , it 's inexpensive , but it 's also useless .
 When I recieved this item I was very disappointed , the halter color was not red . It is more of a coral orange . Very disappointing , but the quality is decent .
 Although the size given on the halter was `` Pony '' , this halter is far too large for my 36 '' mini . I was very disappointed . To return costs $ 7.00 which is actually very reasonable , but the two halters I purchased only cost $ 8.00 . So they will go into the yard sale I suppose .
 I purchased it and used four times before it broke , sent it in for warranty repair and received a new one . Again , used it four times and broke again . Do n't buy it , save your money
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Two of the horseshoes broke on their very first toss , and another after 3 tosses . No surprise , as you get what you pay for , but I did not follow that rule and purchased this set , to my regret .
 Do not order this product ! The product that I received was missing one horseshoe , did not have a protective bag as the picture shows , and it was completely dirty . Not just dusty but actual caked on dirt was covering the set . I was refunded my actual cost but still ended up having to pay for the return shipping . This was a defective/dirty product and I should not have had to pay anything . Waste of my money !
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 This item appears solid black in the pictures , but is in fact purple and green striped . The company should provide better pictures or include the colors in their items description . It is ridiculous that I have to spend my money on shipping to return this item when its description is incomplete and the pictures misleading .
 Appears to be black or a dark blue color on the picture showed ... which it is not.Acutually , in person it is bright purple and green , so it doesnt match all my mats.Quality appearts to be ok however .
 Sadly , there must have been a sewing error when the harness I received was made . One of the straps is permanently `` backwards '' to the other , and so it must be twisted to get it to fasten . This makes it a bit awkward to use , especially after class . I had a few of my friends examine it , just to make sure I was n't wrong ... and sure enough , it is sewn on backwards .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 This is a piece of crap . for starters it 's not really a tent light but a battery operated screw on the wall type light . It was just packaged in a bubble wrap and sold as a tent light to hit a different group . It has no string hole in the back which it should have as a true tent light . it does work but only provides dim diffused light . it might be good enough for marginal use in a tent but not for me . I actually bought it for a closet at home and it 's OK for that . Not very bright though .
 Considering that high quality flags only cost twice as much , the `` World Cup '' flags are a waste of money . The only things good about the flags are the case and the light weight . These flags look better in the picture than in reality . They nylon material used is also thicker and less flexible than the ones used in higher-quality flags . I regret purchasing this product .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Upon first appearance you think this is a fun tool to teach volleys . Maybe , but did not prove particularly useful .
 I would not recommend this product . Inserted 3 sets of batteries and the shuffler still only worked on one side . Packed it up and returned it .
 The Automatic Card Shuffler does n't work as well as I expected it to and the tray was cracked when it arrived .
 This product worked for one month with very light use . One side quit working . Am returning even though I lose postage and 15 % . Will not reorder.Poor quality !
 The 6 Deck shuffler does actually work with 6 decks BUT many of the cards end up on the sides of the shuffler instead of on top of other cards.So , I guess you get what you pay for . That explains why professional card shufflers cost 10-20 times this one . Works better when 1-2 decks are loaded .
 I ordered 3 of these card shufflers . One works just fine . On the second one the spring tray does n't work and on the third one the left side only shuffles intermittently . Obviously they are n't checked to see if they are even working before they are shipped out . I would pay twice as much for a sturdier model .
 Ok , this is not the highest quality product in the world . But for under $ 20 , it was perfect . I needed to shuffle 50 decks of cards for an event I am doing next week.The shuffling was relatively good . Sometimes one side would run out of cards before the other , but that was not a problem . I shuffled each set of decks 3 times to ensure they were mixed up . This only took a matter of seconds.Sometimes some of the unshuffled cards would fall over the side -LRB- it would have been nice to have something there to prevent that -RRB- and some of the shuffled cards ended up on their side.I have no idea how durable it is . But it is exactly what I needed.UPDATE
 6 Deck Automatic Card Shuffler for Blackjack -LRB- Purchased on 01/20/2009 -RRB- by Pachi ParadiceThis did not work my brother had to take it apart and reconnectwiring
 I returned this card shuffler immediately because the plastic on one of the battery door hinges was broken . I ca n't tell you if this does a good job shuffling cards but I can tell you that the plastic material used in its construction is so cheaply made that I did n't want a replacement .
 Jams up all the time , I am not impressed at all w / this item.I do not reccomend purchasing it.If I had to do it over , I would spend more & get a unit that is of a better quality
 I received a damaged Shuffler . I returned the Shuffler on December 13 , 2008 through the Postal Service for a credit adjustment . It would not let me have a replacement so I have to place another order for one.Thank You , Cecelia
 This item woked only the first time I used it and it has been returned to Amazon for refund . This is the second of this kind and I had the same problem . I tried to fix the problem and since I messed with it , I could not return it .
 After using the card shuffler only a few times , it would no longer work . The product seems to have defects .
 The item was a Christmas gift for my daughter . It had a piece of plastic broken off , and not in the box . It also had a weak spring which made it function poorly . I have one that works fine , so I am familiar with the item . I am sure it was a returned item . However , it was n't worth the time and trouble for us to return it . I am seriously disappointed with the CONDITION of this item . Someone needs better quality control.Kent
 Unfortunatley for us we throw away the box before we checked to see if the product was working . Only one side of it works so it does n't shuffle correctly . Make sure you check that it works before we recycle the box .
 4 deck automatic card shufflerdoes n't work at all . i would like to return if possible . not a good product at all . the item had loose parts in it when i received it .
 YES HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THEM NOT WORKING GOOD COULD SOMEONE CONTACT ME SINCE YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS A TOP SECRET .
 Returning the shuffler , as it does not completly shuffle the cards . One side works fine but the other does not feed the cards into the other side !
 I received the shuffler , put in the batteries and used it once a week for 3 or 4 weeks . Now it just keeps on shuffling and I ca n't shut it off unless I take out a battery .
 The original card shuffler I bought years ago worked so much better . In fact , if I had the time , I would return this one . I am very disappointed in my purchase . I just wish it were easier to return merchandise bought on Amazon.com
 I was n't quite sure what to expect when ordering this . We needed a card shuffler but did n't want to spend mega-bucks on a casino quality shuffler . I decided to order this one because we tend to play a lot of card games that require multiple decks of cards . As soon as we started using it I noticed some problems that made using this an issue in any social setting .1 -RRB- It 's bulky -LRB- I realize it 's larger because it holds 6 decks , but it 's awkward having on a table with 6 or 7 people around -RRB- .2 -RRB- It 's loud -LRB- and I mean Loud . As soon as you hold the button , it starts roaring away . Normally this would n't be a problem , but being that card games tend to be played in a social setting , it became a nuisance -RRB- 3 -RRB- You need to run the cards through multiple times -LRB- about 8 or so -RRB- to get a good shuffle ... once again , I was n't expecting casino quality , but I would 've like the convenience of it doing most of the work for me .4 -RRB- The plastic drawer that holds the cards in the center is a flimsy plastic that 's held in by flimsy plastic clips . There are also no sides on it , so when you remove the card holder , the cards fall all over -LRB- maybe it 's by design ... an extra shuffle , lol -RRB- Out of all of this , we just end up shuffling the cards by hand during the game . For games like `` Apples to Apples '' we can run the cards through multiple times after the game 's over , but the overall experience does n't motivate us to pull it out of the closet.It gets the job done for what I paid , but I 'm not sure I 'd buy it again knowing what it 's like .
 I bought this for my mom for mother 's day and had it shipped to her directly . One side does not work and we returned it and got a full refund .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 I 'm disappointed and dissatisfied with poor quality of those expensive Elixir acoustic guitar strings right at the first time I use . Once installed and picked for the 1st time , the open 3rd string made an uncomfortable buzzing sound when it reached to the correct pitch of G note . Moreover , the 4th string suddenly broke when being tuned up , even it had not reached to the correct pitch of D note yet . What a strange situation to me!Outside the box , W.L.Gore & Associates , Inc. advertise their Elixir strings
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Beware ! Despite no mention as such , these are pre-owned clubs . The first set arrived minus three clubs . They shipped with no head covers . Golfsmith re-shipped another used set ; promised to ship covers for hybrids later ; reduced price by $ 50 . When my replacement set arrived , the Golsmith store price tag still on the clubs was $ 150 LESS than what they are selling for via Amazon !!! My problem is not with the product , but with the seller ... live and learn .
 PRO
 First time I used the cot on my camping trip the middle leg supports buckled and bent upward , I sat down on the cot to lay down and the leg gave way . I was laying on the floor of my tent . I purchased the cot because it had a heavy duty rating of over 500 pounds . I weigh about 420 pounds and this should have been just fine . I am very disatisfied with this item .
 Like the other two reviewers , this item failed the second night I used it . Sat down to lie down and the middle leg just folded to the ground . I am 320 lbs so should not have been pushing the 500 lbs claimed rating.Unfortunately having a very difficult time returning the item as well so that adds insult to injury.Just a note , even if the cot had lived up to its claimed load limit , it is really not very practical . It IS comfortable once you are lying down , but it is too tall . I am tall , six foot six , but sitting on this cot , my feet do not touch the ground so I can imagine shorter users would really have an issue .
 I totally agree with the other reviewer that this cot is way overrated . It 's made with cheap , way too thin , materials . The center rod down the middle is because without it , this cot would sway back and forth even worse than it already does . Plus it 's too tall so getting on and off is way uncomfortable on the underside of your thighs . Traded it in for the TETON Sports version . Spend $ 15 more and get that because it has nothing but great reviews and it 's well worth it . As the old saying goes ... `` you get what you pay for . '' Sorry Ledmark , but you missed the mark on this one .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 This is crap ! It leaks . The black inside part comes right out . I will never buy another mug like this again .
 the cup was everything the add said it was and the green bay logo is great . i enjoy the cup very much and would buy another one if needed
 The watch arrived with two scratch on the case -LRB- it was not casual & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ;-RRB- , and a very little hole in steel at 6 o'clock , under the scratches . I ca n`t return the watch because it was send to Peru .
 The watch was very attractive and well priced , but ultimately disappointing because it did not work . Apparently it was shipped with a dead battery which was not checked out in advance . This should not have happened . The watch was returned for a refund .
 Like the other reviewer indicates in his review , I bought these shorts expecting a 10 '' inseam , but they arrived with an 8 '' inseam . The description lists these shorts as having a 10 '' inseam . I wish I had read his review before ordering ! I called the store -LRB- 1-800-569-9038 -RRB- and in their system , this short DOES have an 8 '' inseam , so they think they sent me the appropriate item . They need to fix the info on this page ! Anyway , I was determined not to have to pay return shipping for their error . I explained the situation , and they are sending me a FedEx slip with postage paid and I can return the shorts in that . So in the end , I will have to eat the costs of shipping the shorts TO me -LRB- they wo n't refund that -RRB- and of course , I never got the shorts I wanted . At least I do n't have to pay to return them , thank goodness . Still -- it 's annoying .
 Although the item was listed as having a 10 '' inseam , it only had an 8 '' inseam . Had I known this , I would never have purchased the shorts . Because of the inaccurate listing , I had to pay shipping both ways - for delivery and to return the item . In sum , I would never do business with this seller again .
 These shorts come with a non-standard 8 '' inseams that will likely not fit anyone who is ordering their waist size if they wear a 10 '' inseam . In fact , I have a few Columbia shorts and the standard size for the inseam is 10 '' on all of them -LRB- mind you these were off the rack at Columbia stores , in their standard sizes -RRB- . 10 '' also happens to be the size that is advertized on the site , although now it says 8 '' and 10 '' inseams , without the option of choosing which one you will receive.I have asked Amazon to replace the items since they claim that the 10 '' size is available and will see how it goes . However , I would recommend that you stay clear from these shorts since they will likely not fit , unless you know an 8 '' inseam is the correct size .
 I ordered this clock on the 21st of Dec , prior to Christmas , and paid for 3 day shipping . The ad said order by this date to get your product before Christmas . Well , when I got my confirmation email it said `` Shipping Method
 Not a very good purchase . I was trying to replace a 25 year old toy rifle that finally broke -LRB- after 2 generations of Kids used it -RRB- , this one did not fill the bill . It broke within a week of getting it .
 Ok , have two sons who wanted to play cowboy . So , I buy each one Paris rifle - after a tremendous amount of research . -LRB- As a side note , it 's getting damn near impossible to find cap guns now-a-days . Nobody seems to be making them -RRB- . Anyhow , I picked up two -LRB- 2 -RRB- rifles and a case of caps -LRB- you have no idea how many caps kids can go through in ten minutes -RRB- . The strip caps actually are placed into a detachable magazine on the bottom of the rifle . I found this fun for them to do . The action lever is used to cock the rifle after the trigger is pulled . A seven year old child would be able to do this . When it the toy does function properly , the used cap is ejected - launched into the air . Pretty cool!The toy * feels * solid . It has nice weight and seems durable on the outside . But that is it . In fact the interior mechanism is poorly designed . Why ? Well , after about a week of use , the caps often got jammed inside . They would n't discharge . Sometimes the cap would n't pop.After the first one broke , I thought it was an anomaly -LRB- in that it was a 1 in 1,000,000 type of thing -RRB- . But two days later the second toy exhibited the same exact problem . Was it the caps ? No , I was using Paris caps made by the manufacture of the toy rifle . Was it the kids ? No , because I supervised them when they were playing - and they were n't playing any different than normal seven year-olds do.When the second one broke , I actually decided to see if I can fix the interior . It was easy opening the rifle , I think there were only two or three screws . I was careful not to let the spring get away from me . Once opened , I noticed some ` gunk ' residue that came off the caps . -LRB- Think burnt cap powder -RRB- . A small wire brush was used to clean things up - but in the end the gun just stopped working right.Well , ticked off that two were bad - I sent them back to the merchant and asked for two more . What is the probability that two more would go bad ? Well , to make a long story short , these two rifles exhibited the same jamming problem as the first two . -LRB- Caps got stuck or would n't load , etc. -RRB- . Taking these two apart showed me that the whole internal level action was acting like before . I a nut shell it is a poor design . It is flawed.I sent the second two back and got a credit to my charge card.I really , really wanted the kids to have fund with these . But the rifles spent more time on my work-bench and in the mailbox than in their hands . Really unfortunate , especially since cap-guns are going extinct nowadays.I hope this help .
 As any experienced outdoorsman knows , the combination of high muzzle velocity and projectile mass are second only to accuracy in a firearm . While planning last year 's expedition to Alaska , my group unfortunately put too much emphasis on economy and weight of our equipment -LRB- we were dropped by float-plane so were limited on how much we could carry -RRB- . When I was selected for the Katmai National Brown Bear Refuge tag lottery in 2011 , I knew there would be potential for long distance stalking over rough terrain -LRB- baiting is prohibited -RRB- so the 12-ounce overall weight of this rifle was a primary deciding factor . I was pleasantly surprised at the low recoil for such a lightweight firearm . The `` quality plastic '' frame , receiver and stock also seemed appropriate for the wet conditions - I had been interested in polymer firearms for some time . I was sorely disappointed with this weapon ! During the course of the hunt , I took over a dozen shots with this rifle ; as time went on I began to doubt the optics of the scope because my spotter could detect no impacts anywhere near the animal . So through careful , patient approaches we gradually reduced our range to within several yards of a trophy-class boar grizzly , with absolutely no chance of missing I aimed at center of mass . I was confident I had a heart-lung strike , but there was no detectable damage to the bear ! We were immediately charged by the animal and managed to escape only with the aid of pepper spray . This is definitely not a suitable gun for bear-hunting . Do n't be fooled by the name THIS IS NOT A GRIZZLY RIFLE!Hope this helps .
 Well when I did the search on amazon I entered `` wooden gun '' . This gun came up and so I thought it was made of wood . It 's not ... it 's plastic and my son is very disappointed . He thought he was getting a wooden gun and he spent his own money to buy this . I feel bad for him because I helped him pick it out . It 's very light weight and I am sure it will be broken in no time . I -LRB- my son -RRB- would n't have purchased if we had know it was plastic . =-LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 I 'm putting together a survival kit and these tablets seemed like a perfect addition to a pocket-sized kit ... until I read all the warnings . `` DANGER
 This thing would be more practical as a club - its heavy . The blade bounces back and forth in the aluminum sheath always giving a distinctive clanking sound when walking . The artwork is nice , but quality is lacking with the blades . Some are sharpened , some are dull . The head must be unscrewed . There seems to be no quality control here . The screw may have 3-5 threads and is too slow in a sudden tactical situation . Use it as a club ! Turn the cobra head sideways to fit into the hand properly . Concealed weapons are illegal in most states .
 When I received my gloves I noticed the Rt glove was sewn incorrectly . There was a 1 inch gap where the wrist band attaches to the leather . I notified the company , sent a couple pictures so they could see the problem and send out another pair . The reply was `` so sorry to hear that and will send another pair '' . After three weeks nothing , e-mailed them again , the replay was `` I told the manufacture thought they took care of it , I Will call them again '' , another three weeks nothing . Do n't waste your time there are gloves just as nice in the stores you can buy , and since you can try them on you probably wont buy a defective pair , but if you do you can take them back . With these guys there is no recourse
 Not good gloves at all do not buy . These gloves look very cheap and fit strange . I wish I would have paid more for better gloves if I knew I was going to get these cheap things .
 The idea is great , but from daily use the nylon surrounding the metal frame has worn out , the metal frame whipped out and almost struck my son , therefore making the product defective.If you have this product , I highly recommend figuring out a way to reinforce the nylon around the frame with something that will withstand daily use of folding and unfolding.I will NOT buy again and I would NOT recommend to a friend .
 Did not like it ... it does not stay up easily and once you get it out of the bag , it is hard to get back in . The footprint of the product is not deep so when you kick even the smallest of goals , it falls over . Not happy . I returned it for a Pugg .
 Set-up was easy but our goal did n't last long before the poles poked through the fabric at the top . Duct tape added a bit of time but the product did n't even last a year with moderate use .
 I 'm on my second micro spin now . I liked the first enough to try a second even though that first one broke internally such that you could not move the arm at all . After a season of light duty -LRB- lunchbreaks in a pond near work -RRB- , the arm developed a stiff spot in it 's rotation . I took it apart to grease the worm gear , but alas , the material had galled . I was otherwise pleased with the size , price , and performance of these reels . However , after two have failed , I will now look elsewhere for a micro sized spinning reel .
 On a quest to find good work t-shirts , and knowing all t-shirts are created different , I initially ordered 2 Champion 6.1 oz cotton tagless t-shirts to check the items for fit and quality . I received these shirts and they fit perfectly after washing and the fabric was a very good weight . So I ordered 4 more shirts feeling confident I had finally found the perfect t-shirt . WRONG.The next shipment of supposedly identical t-shirts were too tight and made of fabric of a slightly less weight . How could this be ? I looked at the tagless printing on the inside collar and found that the shirts that fit perfectly were made in Honduras while the shirts from the second order were made in Haiti . A good product is important , but consistency in the products you sell is as important . I will return these shirts and not buy from this seller again .
 I was disapointed when I received this shirt . The description claimed `` heavyweight '' cotton . The actual shirt was very thin . I was looking for a thicker shirt . It 's a nice shirt but very thin material .
 IT was advertised and NOT IN STOCK so I was unable to get it .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 it is very difficult to read . The black letters and a dim light make it difficult . The altimter is not even close . I know it works by berometeric pressure , but I am not 45 feet below sea level . I have tries to correct it according to the directions but !!! Also , the directions are off , when I go west , it states east etc. . Do not recommend it .
 I have had this product since February 2007 . After 11 months I do n't recommend this to anyone . If you just want a compass , then buy just that . If you want the extras , find another brand . The altimeter is a joke.Not only do you need to reset it each day , but it wo n't hold it 's setting for an hour . It has to be constantly reset . Driving on level ground it will jump to a new setting , even to showing that you are now below sea level . The clock works just fine . How many clocks do you need in a vehicle ? If you buy this , buy a box of batteries too . Your going to need them .
 I 'm sorry I can not give title of something that I have because this article has never reached the post office to request that the send and it already has a month so really that bad but I can not talk about something and not proven
 The Good : It has a mirror and a flashlight . I particularly like the flashlight.It has handy gadgets such as tweezers -LRB- splinters -RRB- , compartments -LRB- for Advil -RRB- , and scissors.The Bad : It is fragile ! I used the Miss Army Kit as a key chain and dropped it . The mirror popped off . It was a 2-foot-drop not the Sears tower!My car key -LRB- the only key I used for the kit -RRB- broke off the ring all the time.The pen slipped out of the compartment and gone forever . The company does n't offer replacement tools.Conclusion : Cute idea , but you are better off buying a Swiss Army Knife -LRB- which I did -RRB- . No mirror though .
 I 'm backpacking the europe for several months so need something just like Miss Army Kit . The minute I saw it I knew I had to have it . I love all the details and think it is one of the greatest invention for women travelers . However , the plastic part where the mirror and the pillbox were already fell apart after a week . My recommnedation is that DO NOT USE THIS AS A KEYCHAIN , IT WILL BREAK . Otherwise , cute and smart kit to have . oh , one more thing , the perfume bottle does n't really hold any perfume .
 Is it just me that finds this `` tool '' a bit offensive ? Why is it assumed that a woman can not wield a screw driver or a wire stripper ? Why is it assumed that a man will never need a needle and thread ? I 'm disappointed that we are still gender stereotyping with products . For the record , I need the implements on both the male and female multipurpose tools . When is someone going to make that ?? Sigh .
 The item arrived in very good condition ; however , instead of promised 3-4 business days , the item arrived after one month which was very disappointing .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 They did not send the stick that is displayed in the photo . They sent me a samller , thinner stick that you can buy on ebay for $ 4.99 . As a result I was charged $ 17.44 -LRB- shipping included -RRB- for a stick that costs $ 7.00 -LRB- shipping included -RRB- . What a freakin rip off .
 She 's not a champion yet . -LRB- Dec 2006 -RRB- . She will be someday , but to release a book with this title prior to her winning anything smacks of arrogance .
 This product does not catch more than a few flies per strip . I have seen flies land on it , struggle for a second , and fly away . This is an exceptionally poor product .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 Whoever created this listing need to quit Amazon . A book in the `` Everything Else '' category ? Give me a break .
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 These masks have a very small nose space and in both my boys -LRB- 18yrs and 22yrs -RRB- the mask was very uncomfortable to wear .
 I bought two of these for my twin girls -LRB- 2 yrs . old -RRB- . While the color and Dora picture make it a pretty looking chair , it is not stable at all . When my daughters were climbing in and out it continuously collapsed . Causing them to fall . Also the rivits that are used to attach the legs to the black plastic feet are very loose . Making me think they will break fairly easy . The cup holder is also very small . It could not fit a regular sippy cup . For the same price you can find far better quality and also chairs that have some kind of a locking feature in back to prevent the chairs from collapsing.I have returned these chairs .
 This chair is super cute and my daughter loves it , but the material is very rough and it looks like it 's cracking already . We 've only had it for a month or so .
 The clip in the back does n't attach onto any of my belts . It hooks onto my alicepack but flops around annoyingly .
 This rifle is very heavy , over 7 lbs . It feels like an AK47 with a different barrel . Barrel pump is difficult to use . Loading one pellet at a time is cumbersome . BBs work but will roll out of the barrel if the barrel is not kept pointed up . Accuracy , who knows , I bought it for crows but never hit one .
 I got this vest from my wife as a gift , so I should n't be looking a gift horse in the mouth . Maybe that 's OK , as my comments are not directed at her , but to possible future buyers.I 've had other vests , so I 've had time to develop a very strong opinion about features that I like and do n't . This vest does n't meet up with some of the basics that I am used to enjoying with my years old Gap vest.First of all , the fleece is quite thin and porous and thus not warm in a breeze , so I do n't wear it outside much . The large arm holes do n't help there either.The zipper is only one way , i.e. , it does n't open up from the bottom . To me that is a major inconvenience as I ca n't adjust the bottom when I am sitting or driving . With the slightly longer cut , the vest ends up bunching up around my waist . I also have to undo the zipper completely or yank the bottom of the vest halfway up my waist if I have to pull down the zipper in my pants to go to the bathroom.My major problem , however , is with the cut . The middle has a lot of fabric and wo n't lay flat over my chest and stomach . It finally occurred to me that it is actually perfect for someone with a medium pot belly , but that 's not me.My final complaint is with the pocket zipper , they go down to close . If you do n't zip it fully , small things like change or keys , will fall out.Overall , the design feels like there was a lack of thought throughout . Maybe they turned a junior designer loose on this item.Since I won ; t be returning the vest , it 'll get demoted to workshop duty .
 This is the sleeveless version of the Steen 's Mountain jacket . Runs a size big -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' 160 lbs , small was loose -RRB- . No drawcord in hem is less than stellar . Useless against wind . I 'm having to edit my review because the stitching is coming loose around the bottom of the zipper . It 's not only fraying , it 's also interfering with the zipper operation . I hope Amazon will take it back .
 got a medium and it 's more like an xl and the material is a little flimsy
 bought this vest to supplement a Patagonia fleece vest i have . To my surprise the vest is not very warm , does not feel like i have a fleece vest on ! Otherwise the fleece has a nice material and nice look to it but it is not doing what it is supposed to -LRB- keep me warm -RRB- & also as others have mentioned in the posts here it runs a size larger -LRB- i bought an L but should have gotten an M - for all my other stuff i have Ls -RRB- Hope this helps .
 The vest did not meet my expectations . The quality of the fleece was not what I expected . I expected a thicker fleece . It is very hard buying some things online without details of the construction of the item . Thanks Scott
 There was no drawstring to cinch the waistline as was stated in the description . Very unhappy with this purchase ! Boo !
 I am 5 '11 and 154 pound . Even I select M size , but it 's still too big for me . Seems it built for a guy has 6 ' 3 and 200 pound .
 collar is too big , the length is too long and fit is very loose , not what I was expecting . from the photo it looks different .
 I always bought the Columbia items and will continue , but this item is the worst I ever have seen . I saw the picture and never hesitated to get the item . Well , today I got it and when I opened my jaws dropped . This is thinner than a handkerchief I believe . Never rely on the picture you see . It was my fault that I never consaulted with some customers and when I sent mails to Columbia , they never replied . This is a no-good vest !!!!!
 I bought this item from Amazon at a good price , but when it arrived it was short and blousy ... too wide , yet too short . It 's a shame because the materials are typical Columbia excellence .
 I 've worn Columbia fleece for years , and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile . I 've loved the quality and the details in the design . However , this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories . First of all , there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom , and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest ... the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just does n't work without that simple elastic drawstring . Further , the workmanship is n't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price , and the material is thin and insufficient . Not up to Columbia 's very high -LRB- and usual -RRB- standard . Wish I could get my money back . Try again , Amazon .
 I have a columbia vest from a few years ago , and this one is a FRAUD ... paper thin , DO NOT get suckered into buying these cheap imitations !!!!!
 These items are selling for different prices -- It seems like whatever popular colors are they jack up the price -- what a cheat !
 We 've not gotten to use the Giga Ball . I purchased it in October and when we tried to inflate it , we found 3 different holes in it . Patches were included but not the kind of blue that is need to seal the patches . I 'm very disappointed in the product . I would like to return it if I could find the exact place that I purchased it from , but we did n't discover this until right after Christmas as it was given for a gift .
 The Giga Ball is a great concept and would have been a lot of fun but it would n't hold air . We are returning it .
 My shire/tb cross was standing tied to the trailer , something spooked her , and she backed up and the halter fell apart ! It 's not even fixable . I had bought a used hamilton from a consignment tack store before -LRB- it was then designated to ` back up ' halter status when i purchased this one -RRB- and I 'm glad I did n't throw it out ! I think the manufacturer is making them differently - the fit is different -LRB- aka , ill-fitting -RRB- , the rope material seems different , I 'm not really happy !
 This was by far one of the worst products I have ever purchased . The Techni-ice thawed within a couple hours , even when coupled with real dry ice . Further , I purchased it to use with food in a cooler . The Techni-ice absorbed the blood from other packages -LRB- the ones it did not keep cold -RRB- and by the time we returned from camping , had begun to smell like a decomposing animal . The offending items were thrown into the trash , never to be seen again . Do not waste you money on this product ...
 Do n't ever buy a gun made by BE ever , every gun I 've used made by this idiotic company ends up not working properly due to what I believe is poorly constructed internal parts . My friend bought this gun a while ago , and after charging the battery it fired maybe 3 shots before it stopped shooting entirely . We could n't figure out what was wrong with it , nothing appeared to be broken or jammed , it just would n't shoot . Also two other guns I 've bought made by BE stopped working after like 5 games . And what kind of a name is `` Both Elephant '' anyways ? The only thing good about BE is the hilarious writings on the box .
 This gun looks great , feel heavy.BUT ... . Mine does n't fire right . It even came with a European charger -LRB- Wont fit into American outlets -RRB- and I had to get a new one from them -LRB- free -RRB- . It also came with a black flash protector , and I could n't use that here anyway . I also noticed that there was corrosion all over the screws . It also looks like it might of been used -LRB- bb holes in the box and through the instructions ... -RRB- The only reason I 'm giving it more than 1 star is because the look .
 i got this gun and i thought it was going to be an awesome gun ! THINK AGAIN !!!!! when i used full auto on this gun it didnt work ... NO BULLETS CAME OUT ! the gun was to fast for the bb 's concluding in the gun didnt work ... I had to semi auto with the gun but i had to wait 4 seconds every shot ...
 Sunlight darkening gave-up after 4 years ... -LRB- now they are a yellowish tint -RRB- The foam around the lenses are comfortable but needed to be replace.The strap connection is delicate and need to be replaced often .
 most of these sellers save you a few dollars vs retail but if you have a problem good luck , im not sure about this one , the last one wanted 15 % TO return , these folks ain , t bricks and mortor .
 It is now too late ... I should have read the reviews . But , it is now too late ... 1 . This megaphone is somewhat more expensive than comparable items on the site . BAD2 . It is sold through Amazon so you get it quickly . GOOD3 . It arrived with scratches on the visible parts of the megaphone . BAD4 . It arrived with the packaging INSIDE the box broken showing it is refurbished while advertised as new . VERY BAD5 . I am not sure it works yet so that is another potential surprise.This taught me a good lesson and I will avoid this re-seller in the future .
 DO NOT BUY THIS . Not only does it work horribly -LRB- it screeches when you talk and it 's not even half the power it claims to be -RRB- but their customer service is disconnected and they wo n't return any calls . I think this company may be operating a scam - dishing out manufactured duds and then posing as a reputable company . What a sham !!
 How can you screw up making a mega phone ? I returned it . It was complicated to use . Do n't you just need an on/off and volume ?
 Like the previous reviewer , mine arrived with bad packaging , and the original box was already ripped open , without any manual , warranty , etc. . There are noticeable scratches on the megaphone . Very disappointed .
 This thumbstrap option would work well for my Ruger GP100 or most any other handgun with exposed hammer , hammer down . This item does not work well at all with a Glock -LRB- no exposed hammer -RRB- or similar . Also , it does not work with my 1911 as I carry it in condition one . The strap is really not long enough to go around behind the grip . Otherwise , good product from Bianchi , as advertised .
 I am sure the product is nice . . but considering the post office messed up I never received the backpack but Sportsmagic has been kind and is going to refund me my money since the item was a Christmas gift for my son .
 I bought this cable for my BrassCraft 400 since the one that originally came with it broke after 4 + years of use . Since Brasscraft is the manufacturer of Cobra products , I figure this would be a fitting replacement . A couple months after my purchase , the cleanout was backing up so it was my first opportunity to try the new cable . To my disappointment , the cable went no further than 20 feet before I could n't feed the line any longer . When I pulled out the cable , there were multiple kinks along the cable . This is the same cleanout I 've used the previous cable for the past 4 years without fail . When I compared the new cable with the previous one , the new cable appears to be made of a softer material and I could easily create a kink by slightly bending the cable .
 I 'm a bit disappointed with this purchase . I bought 3 size 5 balls on 9/20/08 specifically to use during my daughter 's home soccer games . One ball for the field and one ball placed at each goal . During the game , the players noticed the ball kind of wobbled when it was kicked . Our coach asked where I bought them , later told me these balls were the cheapest in the market , and soon would breakdown . I stored the soccer balls in my garage and used it about 2 weeks later . All the balls were flat and needed to be pumped . I was kind of surprise of the quality and even more so , embarrassed to use these balls for our games . I 'll eat this loss but , why should you ? Keep shopping .
 I love this display case ... it was exactly what I wanted . It went perfectly with the Steelers helmet that I bought for my Fiance . It is very nice and exactly what they were advertising . He loves it very much . Also , very fast delivery , I ordered it on a Friday and it was at my front door that following Monday . I would definitley order this company again !
 Unfortunately , these poker chips do not weigh 8lbs as it says in the product description on the site . Instead they weigh 19 -LRB- ! -RRB- , and now to deliver it to my country I have to pay 3 times the price I was considering : -LRB-
 This watch was all wrong for my hubs , it looks way more massive and sturdy than it is . It 's really very light , the band is rather thin and the face small . We returned it .
 The number ring on the bazel fell off after only 3 months . It appears to have been glued on . This watch was to replace a Seiko 's Dives that had provided good service for over 15 years . Not the same quality but paid about the same . Paid more than going internet price . On the plus side , time keeping of the watch was perfect
 Great service ! Super fast delivery ! Good price ! Just what I was looking for . Thanks !
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Bought these and a pair of Ray Ban 4115 ... both glasses for small-medium faces . The Bolles were cheap and made in China ... maybe a coincidence . Ray Bans were made in Italy by Luxottica . The Bolles were eceived defective with the logo on the side of the glasses disconnected and lying in the case . Bolles were shiny plastic while the RBs were matte black strong nylon type plastic fram . Bolles were `` polarized '' but I could n't tell . The RB 's were n't polarized but clearly had higher quality lenses . RBs were $ 63 and the Bolles were $ 56 ... keeping the RBs returning the Bolles .
 Do n't purchase these sunglasses unless you are a tiny headed person . Or , perhaps in the alternative , you have an average sized head and you want your cranium to look impossibly gigantic .
 THESE LOOK AND FIT GREAT , BUT DO NOT BLOCK SUN AT ALL . WORE THEM A FEW MINUTES . . HAD TO SQUINT THE ENTIRE TIME .
 May be it is good for tennis stringing but I ca n't tell . It is not for Badminton stringing . If it does , very clumsy .
 The item arrived in very good condition ; however , instead of promised 3-4 business days , the item arrived after one month which was very disappointing .
 I purchased 3 Lesche Model 85 -LRB- do n't get that model wrong should you contact them about your defective digging tool !! -RRB- digging tools in the last 2 months . One out of 3 developed an issue . The plastic handle would slide off . I contacted Predator Tools , the maker of the Lesche digger . At least , I thought it to be the maker of the digger ... and now , I have no idea if Leche is affiliated with Predator Tools , or not . The Predator Tools website states that they are a `` Division of Pamela Lesche Enterprises , Inc. '' ... and after I received one email from the cruds at this company , I received another from someone named George Lesche Senior . There seems to be SOME cnnection between Predator Tools and the Lesche Digger , you would think.So , I contacted Predator Tools about the issue with my digger . I mistakenly called the digger a `` model 87 '' when it is a model 85 . Here is the email I sent
 My Opinion Only . Do n't waste your money it is not much of anything and should only cost $ 4.99 . Low quality . Something that I would expect to be given away as a promo for Harbor Freight Tools . There is a much nicer and larger copy of the Gator Tool for 21 dollars on amazon and it is stainless steel . Even the Jackson Tool is 5-10 times the quality in my opinion and I have a lot of purchases under my belt . Do some research before you buy this item . Lesche Co is pretty proud of this thing and I have no idea why . If I would have seen this before I purchased it I would have only taken it as a free or promo item .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 This gun is probably the worst gun ive bought , it wouldnt even last 3 weeks . doesnt have a hop up , the stock is not collapsable . the laser would easily break and is also not accurate . its gravity fed so it wouldnt have that realistic feel to it . after about a week the gun would often jam than it WILL break . probably the only good thing about this gun is the fact that i bought it for about $ 15.00 . it states on other websites that its about 210 fps , its really about 100 fps . i do not recommend buying this gun .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 I am one of the many former Live fans , Live 95 being one of the best and funnest games of the series , but with recent iterations of the game being lackluster I have moved onto to greener pastures , also known as the NBA 2K series . So when I saw that Live 08 had made some big improvements over the disaster that was Live 07 , I figured why not give it a chance . While this game is significantly better than Live 07 , it still is n't that great a basketball sim . Certain animations seem to be missing making the game seem not as fluid as you would hope especially from a game running at 60 frames per second . Dunk animations in particular are just not right . Guys can go from running or standing still to a dunk in a very quick leap , essentially making the shot unblockable . At best when someone dunks it 's either a foul or a dunk . Blocking the dunk is definitely not an option even with some of the best shotblockers in the league . Also jumpshot animations really have no rhythm so it does not feel very fluid when shooting a jump shot . Watching the game also is n't that fun . The way players move on the floor has a wonky feel to it , not like watching a real game . All in all I 'd have to stay skip this Live and pick up 2K8 . Even though 2K has its flaws , one being a terrible roster glitch that screws up all player match ups on defense , it is still a far better gameplay experience than Live . While I was hoping Live would hit its stride next year , I think we 'll have to wait for NBA Live 2010 before this game is relevant again .
 The game has an update which changes the game play where now when you take a shot the player is moving towards the basket as if he is taking a running jumper . The game originally did not function in that manner .
 The games is fun once it 's loaded . Making a freethrow and alley-oop is so easy . The game is fun . However , it takes up to 2-mins to load and by the time it loads , I dont feel like playing it anymore . Having said that , I sold it just after a week . I used to play NBA 2K and I thought NBA Live was better . With the slow loading time , I 'm going back to NBA 2K .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Great color , great team but horrible brim . I tried to form the brim of the hat and it creased . I could never get the brim to bend the way I liked it . I could n't remove the crease . I assume the brim was made from cardboard . Stay away!Go Phillies !!!!
 I bought this travel mug for my husband who is a HUGE Bears fan and who likes to drink coffee . It looks really nice and it felt like it would be pretty durable ... not the case . First the outside logo piece came off after about a month and had to be super glued back on . A few months after the logo issue the inside of the cup started to come loose . FYI - it is NOT stainless steel inside , it appears to be a black plastic type material . Needless to say after trying to super glue the inside part so it would not come out , and using it for a little while longer , the travel mug finally got tossed . For the price you pay , I would not recommend buying this product .
 This travel mug sits on my shelf because it has leaked since the first time I used it . The lid did not not seal very well and coffee leaked out . I 'm sorry I spent so much money on this .
 Very poor quality for the price . The handle is very cheap and I am just waiting for it to break so I am very careful with it . The bottom is also coming loose . Would NOT recommend this mug for the price . It 's worth $ 10.00 and no more.Siskiyou Sports Chicago Bears 18 oz NFL Stainless Steel Travel Mug
 The below review says that this sling works for an AK47 IT DOES NOT . Ill find a use for it but it wo n't be a sling as it does n't even come close to fitting a sks either . CRAP not worth the money even if it was only 10 $ .
 Misadvertised ! I forgot to check the reviews before i ordered . This is not a original military sling ! I could have bought the same piece of junk for 5.00 , Thanks for misrepresenting a product . It may work on a airsoft gun . Refunds are always a pain so it looks like my kids will use it on their toy guns
 This product is not an SKS Rifle sling ! This is for an AK-47 ! It 's ashame that the seller has n't taken the time to learn the difference . Fortunately I have friends who have AK-47s and I have a Hi-point Carbine for which I can use the sling . The product is well made as most slings for AK-47s are , but the SELLER SUCKS !
 I wanted a thermos type drinking cup that would keep my drink hot or cold . I put a cold drink in and even with ice it was warm in record time . It is now sitting on a kitchen shelf , never to be used again .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 looks nice too bad it doesnt work . the second hand comes off and then the clock cant work . good thing it was cheap
 I did n't like the cut of this shirt , it 's too boxy . I looks like I 'm wearing a plastic bag or something . I know it 's for working out or playing basketball , but I just hate the way it made me look . It 's not as light as I hoped either . I prefer light weight clothing when I work out . I 'm trying to lose weight and this shirt gave me a complex . I only wore it once ! And now that the summer 's over , I doubt I 'll wear it again .
 The bag I ordered from the Amazon page was clearly blue , and though the description mentioned the word `` natural , '' I did n't think anything of it . When the bag arrived , it was a totally different color from the one in the picture . In fact , it was n't a Bean Product bag at all but a Natural Fitness bag that I could have bought from any store . I was ready to go through the hassle of returning it , but luckily the person I bought it for did n't mind . I was really disappointed . I 'm even noticing now on this page that the `` Item being reviewed '' picture is not the original picture I saw OR a picture of the product I received . Next time I 'll order from the company directly so I know what I 'm getting .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 NBA Live has always come in second place to NBA 2K games , atleast to me . Live has always had excellent ideas , but the game has always suffered from sloppy gameplay with little details to the small things that make up a basketball game . Once again , some great ideas carried through with bad gameplay.There is one aspect I need to discuss first . Passing is TERRIBLE . I know they want to make passing more realistic , but I had Garnett posting up on a defender , right in front of the active players face , and I pressed to pass , and Rondo BOUNCED the ball on the ground hard and it made Garnett jump for it . I mean , honestly , is there a point in that ? And sometimes , when I turn on the passing icons , I 'll press square or whatever other button I want to pass it to , and my player wo n't even pass . Sometimes , my player will just throw the ball away when I pass . It 's very nervewracking.Also , foul calling is about stupid . If you run over a defender when you 're on offense , it 's an automatic offensive charge . Now if the situation is switched , and you 're defending , do n't hold your breathe on getting a charge . Even when you press the button for a charge , and your player goes in motion , you 'll get ran over , but no foul will be called . Half the time , when I get called for a reach in , I did n't even see my player 's hand move towards the ball . Half the time , I do n't even go for a steal.Through games , I ca n't shake the feeling that I 'm playing in an arcade . It just feels so fake . The graphics are fine , when I 'm the Celtics , I can tell who 's Ray Allen , who 's Pierce , and who 's Garnett , but the feeling of simulation is too strong . When you go for a rebound , the player may not even be that close to the ball , but somehow it lands in his hands . Laying-up is a bit more animated but also looks fake . How can AI lay it up over Garnett and Oden?Despite the poor gameplay , there are redeeming extras and a deep Franchise mode . In Franchise Mode , you get to go through the NBA Draft -LRB- I landed Oden for the Celtics -RRB- and hire a coaching staff . They incorporated a new rumor central , that 's kinda like a news feed but not exactly news yet . You can read and research all the speculation of signings , trades , releases , and others . You can have your assistant work on players to make them better , and have him set up practices , events , and days off to help fatigue and team chemistry . You can check what players have to say about the team to know what changes are to be made . It 's the best kind of Franchise I 've ever played , honestly.There are other extras like the All-Star Weekend and Fiba World Championship . The All-Star weekend is fun , where you can play the rookie challenge , the 3-point shoot-out , the all-star game , or the celebrated Slam Dunk contest . I have to admit , the Slam Dunk contest is hard but fun . You can go to the Slam-Dunk School , but it really does n't help you with your dunk any . The Fiba World Championship brings other countries ' basketball teams in to the picture , who you can also play with in exhibition games.Overall , the Franchise Mode and the All-Star weekend dominate this game . For me , though , I 'd rather have more realistic in-game play than added features . If an NBA game added the graphics and gameplay of NBA 2K , and the Franchise Mode of Live , I would never put my controller down . But since that is n't gon na happen soon , I think I 'd rather stick with NBA 2K . But if a deep Franchise mode is what you want , then go for this one . For now , I 'll pass .
 NBA Live 08 is the worst basketball simulation game out right now . It 's really easy to just give it to ur best player and have him drive in for the dunk or layup , and its the same way for the AI its impossible to guard a dunk . I just played as the lakers against the Celtics and the final score was 120 to 115 !! Both teams had over 100 points by the end of the 3rd quarter !! Besides the horrible gameplay , the menus are terrible ! the dynasty mode does have a lot of cool features , but its still difficult to manage ur team , because the menus arent fluid . 2ks menus are always very easy to go through . Also u cant improve a plyers stats through dynasty like on 2K . The graphics are pretty good , if u like comical disney graphics ! The players look like they are all 5 foot and have huge heads , and they look ridiculous running down the court . If ur looking to buy an NBA game get 2K8 .
 the control itself sucks - passing is akward , shots look weird , players do n't move like they do in real life when setting up a play ... graphics are disappointing as well ... i liked nba live 05 better than this game ... it seems to be choppy and does n't flow like a bball game should
 The sweatpants got very small after first washing . But the real problem was that one leg became almost two inches shorter than the other ! Never had such a weird issue before . It looks funny . I can not use it anymore . . It was hot summer and did not use it after purchasing in the spring . Now it is too late to return . . So , it is now a piece of junk.Advice
 This order was placed with Deal Rack for a pair of sweat pants Cost ; about $ 23.00 . The cost to ship this pair of sweat pants to me was approximately $ 7.00 . The pants labeled as Medium actually were for a man weighing about 200 pounds and probably over 6 feet tall . The seller was willing to accept a return . BUT I HAVE TO PAY THE RETURN POSTAGE because of his sizing mistake.When you add together all the shipping costs they will probably equal 50 % of the purchase price.No bargain . Stay away .
 These pants felt nice and thick . I always wash things before I wear them and that is when I found my washtub wall lined with fuzzies!I thought , okay , this is just the loose stuff , the rest will come off in the dryer.I dried them and got a tennis ball size ball of fluff off them , so kept tumble drying on air only and five drying session later I am still getting huge amounts of lint.I will not be wearing them as I can foresee that the will be dropping lint all over the house.Unfortunately , I bought 3 pairs because I thought the reviews sounded good , and washed all three pairs , or I would be returning them.VERY disappointing .
 From the product description page
 I bought these Jan 10 2011 . Its now Dec 10 2012 and I 'm sitting here writing this review wearing whats left of them . I only bought them to wear around the house during the winter months . I dont crawl around on the floor on my knees , but both knees on these pants are destroyed and I think its the low quality of the material . I 'm not biased against the Champion brand , in fact , I just ordered a different type pair -LRB- reverse weave -RRB- from them that I hope will hold up better . I just want something warm and comfortable to wear around the house during the winter and not have to re-purchase every year .
 These breeches were NOT cotton . They were a polyester/spandex blend , so I returned them . If polyester works in your climate , they were very nice breeches , but in 110 + heat , poly is a no-no . The seller said they would fix the link to the product description , and they may have , but be aware .
 Nowhere was it available the weight limit on this item . For heavier people this is important !! Weight limit is only 225lbs . Wish that marketing would display this in specifications so consumers would know what they were buying .
 The hook that secures the seat to the bench moves.It is not attached to the frame but to soft farbic.You can not lean back too far or you fall over.The old design had the hook attached to the metal frame .
 Horrible customer service !!! Sent wrong color to me and would not exchange for right color . I would not recommend this chair or this company !!!
 I order the exact chair and color in the picture . Upon receiving my chair it was red and black in color . I attempted to contact the vendor about sending the wrong chair . The gave every excuse under the sun not to correct the problem and satisfy the customer . What a terrible experience !
 zero tipping heavy duty sport oasisdid not buy this prduct donot bill me for it how did it get on my account / / / / / / darwin hall
 It is a nice seat but I think it is a little overpriced.I found one similar to it for 14.00 at Wal-Mart
 I 've been trying to find an extra-large stadium seat for an overweight person . Most show 19 inches as the seat size so I was very happy to find this one which said it was 22 inches . When it arrived I realized that it was the same size as one I already own . The 22 inches apparently included the arm rests . Now I 'm stuck with having to send it back .
 The description says
 As you can see from the title , this was supposed to be a pack of 12 Mylar blankets . It contained only one . Thank you , Amazon , for very cooperatively refunding my money that I lost to this third-party seller .
 I received rescue blankets that are 54 '' x 84 '' aluminized non-stretch polyester instead of the advertised 62x82 mylar . I had purchased this item because of it 's high reviews and just hope they hold up when I really need them . Maybe I 'll use one and see how it holds up and update my review if it 's terrible .
 Much to my utter amazement , I received only 1 blanket , not 12 as advertised . Ironically , what I received is exactly what is shown in the picture , it 's just that the item is small , and not a package of multiple blankets.Why in the world would I pay $ 18.95 for a single blanket ???? Otherwise it 's a perfectly fine 62 '' x 82 '' mylar blanket , but I am amazed that I was charged for 12 , the descriptions says 12 , and I received 1 . If I could give 0 stars -LRB- or -1 stars -RRB- I would .
 No zero star rating available ? Too bad ... Listing calls this a 62 '' X 82 '' Mylar blanket.I note , upon arrival , that the packaging says 54 '' X 84 '' polyester.I use the listing info to make my buying decisions.Please , use enough care to be accurate .
 Stay away from these things if you plan to do partnered practice with them.I 've been training in aikido and kenjutsu for a while . My last bokken broke so I got this pair , since I 'm a little bit out of money . Did n't expect much for this price , but I also did n't expect it to almost get me killed.Like others said , I kept the black one and used the hard wood one for training . It broke in two and sent splinters up my face , almost piercing my eyes . I was lucky my partner was skillful and aimed higher , else I would have lost my eyes . When we examined the wood it was blackened and rooted to the core . Check the customer image for details.I 'm returning this thing even though Amazon might not accept it . I do n't want it one moment longer in my house than necessary .
 The items arrived pretty quickly and I was excited to get them so soon . However , being used to fine worksmanship , I was pretty disappointed with these . Both bokkens have lateral curves to them that become distracting when you are at a guard stance . The manufacturer -LRB- Made in Taiwan -RRB- did n't sand the wood -LRB- oak -RRB- well before they painted/varnished it so it looks and feel pretty unfinished and the grains stand out . If you 're a martial arts purist , do n't get this . Pay more and get a better one or make your own . This is basically a curved stick ... not that there 's anything wrong with that for basic practice .
 The black one looked fine . The natural colored one had cracks on both ends . Some as wide as 1/4 inch . Both bokens were wrapped in hard plastic . I can tell from the way they are packaged that the damage did not come from shipping . So they probably decided that a split end boken -LRB- on both ends ! -RRB- was okay to sell . Amazon really made return easy . Just click on return , and print out the return shipping label . Since this item can not be replaced , I had to return the set and order another one . I will post review when second set arrives .
 Last year I bought a previous set of two training swords , and I thought I bought the same set again with this purchase . Unfortunately not . There were three problems
 I ordered these swords because they looked cool , but up close , there nothing special . First , the swords came WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY late to the point I forgot that they were even shipping to me anymore . Second , they messed up my order by sending me 2 of some hybrid crappy sword between the two shown . Im almost positive that they are hollow and i garrentee that if i hit them against a solid surface with any force what so ever , they will shatter like a glass vase . Not impressed at all , the only good thing about them is that at a distance of about 10 feet , they look slightly intimidating . I wouldent buy these swords again if i could but then again i could have just been unlucky . That 's all i have to say , unimpressed , see ya .
 Lasted a week or two . Then the &#34; hardwood &#34; proke on one made of pine . If you are going to by boken just go buy the polypropolene ones . They do not break and unless you are constant , heavy user you will be unlikely to get anything more than a few dents from impact . And even heavy users will only notice a small warp over time . The boken remains usable .
 DO NOT BUY THESE . THEY ARE NOT SAFE.I bought two sets of these bokken to use as training and conditioning tools for a sword combat class I teach . I have often used other bokken and waster-type swords as strength training tools for my students due to their durability and weight . These fall short in a frightening number of ways .1 . They 're lighter than they should be . Although , given the poor quality , that 's not surprising -LRB- especially after I got a look * inside * them -RRB- .2 . The handles are cord-wrapped , and the picture clearly shows two bokken with bare handles . I purchased these specifically because I wanted bare handles .3 . Three out of the four I ordered broke within minutes of opening the package . The first chipped close to the tip , losing a chunk of wood about an inch and a half long . The other two , however , SHATTERED IN HALF.These are poor quality and unsuitable for technique training due to their weight . Moreover , they are very dangerous and completely unsafe for use . Had I actually been using them in a training situation , it could have caused serous injury or even have proven fatal .
 So I bought these shorts and I thought they would make me look buff like the guy in the photo . Turns out that you need to have image issues , take steroids , and have the personality of a hardboiled egg to be as buff as that guy . Oh well .
 I used the first one I received for about 30 revolutions and it broke at the handle . The courteous service was prompt in the return process , but the second one broke at about the same amount of time , 30 seconds . You can tell when it is opened that it is a piece of junk but I do n't see many alternatives . Do not buy this product .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 Although the connection fits the Garmin I have , the original mount it came with had a speaker in it and this does not . The speaker in the Garmin handheld unit itself is not loud enough to be heard when on the windshield and therefore not really suited for its purpose . Mine broke irreparably after a month . If you REALLY need something to mount your old Garmin , this will work . Just keep in mind , there will be more visual involved as you will have a hard time hearing the voice instructions .
 I was worried that it would be aimed at the young , non-surfing Blue Crush crowd , but the Surfer Mag quote on the back -LRB- `` Every girl , no matter how experienced they are , needs to have this video . '' -RRB- convinced me to buy this for my wife . She has some surfing experience , and I was looking for a video with good female surfing footage and good advice.Unfortunately , this video is more about image . The first 10 minutes were downright laughable . It got better as it went on , since there are some great surfers in the video , but the actual surfing footage is sadly sparse . For some strange reason , they just kept showing duck dives and butt shots . You 'd think that 's all female surfing is about from watching this video . They have some great talent in the video but it mostly goes to waste.The on-board surf-cam footage was really cool , but overall the video was a big disappointment . Too bad ; it had potential with all that talent . -LRB- If you 're looking for a video about the joys of duck diving , though , this one 's for you ! -RRB-
 Do n't waste your time or money on this lousy 35 minute movie of a couple of girls surfing . Other than how to ` Duck Dive ' with a long , or shortboard , you wo n't learn anything else . There are websites with free info on surfing that will teach you how to choose a board , get past the breaks , when to go for a wave , how to stand up , turn , drop , etc. . Just go into search engine http://www.dogpile.com and type in ` learn to surf ' . I am very much a novice and thought this DVD was instructional ... well it ai n't . If you really just want to waste your hard earned moola , send your money to me instead .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 These are just terrible tires and flat more than any other tire I 've ever used . I got a pair on a new bike and they are flatting like crazy -LRB- I use correct pressure , am not heavy , and ride on clean roads -RRB- . They essentially have no puncture protection at all and I have zero confidence in them now . I 'm replacing them with different tires . I 'd never , ever consider using these in a race longer than 1 mile because the odds say I 'll lose time fixing a flat . `` UltraSport tires make a stunning impact on every training ride `` Actually it 's more like every second training ride , which is the frequency with which I 've been flatting on these . `` UltraSport SafetySystem tire incorporates a reinforced tread for extra protection against punctures `` I do n't believe it . I think these flat more than if you simply duct taped tubes to your rims and did n't use tires altogether.I 'd rather race on the incredibly heavy armadillos because at least I know I 'd not lose time to a popped tire .
 I 've had good luck with Continental Gatorskins and Grand Prix tires -LRB- high end -RRB- , but I decided to save some money on my last tire purchase , so I went with the Ultra Sports . I have n't had an unusual number of flats , but I do n't think they grip very well . On my last ride , I had to cover about 100 yards on gravel , and when I returned to the concrete surface , I wiped out when I stood on a short incline , and my rear tire spun out . Luckily , I was not on a fast descent , banking into a steep corner . Admittedly , these tires had two seasons of wear on them , so I might have been pushing them beyond their expected wear . They probably picked up some dust from the gravel , too . Regardless , I ca n't remember ever having that happen to me before on a road bike . I swapped them out for a new pair of Grand Prixs that afternoon . I do n't mind compromising comfort or convenience when I buy an economy product , but I do n't want to risk my safety .
 On my 3rd day out using these tires , I got a flat already . It was n't glass or nails , it was a small little rock . Do n't waste your money .
 Do not use if you think you might be running over general city debris from trees , glass , etc. . After probably 300 miles , I have had 3 flats on the back tire , and now a sizable hole , running at around 100psi . I hate this tire and ca n't wait to replace it .
 I forgot that I 'd had these horrendous things on my hybrid commuter bike years ago and bought a set for my road bike . I get a flat about once a week , and it 's usually caused by some tiny shard of metal or glass that should 've never made it through the casing . I 'm not that fat -LRB- ~ 166 lbs -RRB- and ride on decent roads . Michelin Pro2Races had much better puncture resistance than these . If you 're on a budget , just buy a better tire - you 'll save money by not having to constantly replace tubes . If you need a good , cheap , bulletproof tire , get Michelin Krylion Carbons instead .
 Absolutely the worse tires ever . I have been cycling a long time and fixed more flats than I care to count . These cheap tires came on my 2008 Bianchi -LRB- I ca n't imagine why ? -RRB- and I just assumed they were decent , but then I had a flat.Whatever you do , do n't leave home without tire levers because there is no way you are getting these wire rimmed things off without them . Then , if you are lucky enough to get it back on , be sure to ride directly to the LBS since using the tire levers likely ripped the sidewall.Take it from me , by Michelin or Vittoria , you ca n't go wrong . Steer clear of these ...
 Bought these to replace a set of fantastic Conti Sport Contacts 700x32 with a skinnier tire 700x23 -- bad mistake ! > 1 year and ~ 4500 miles on Sport Contacts = 1 Flat < 1 month and ~ 350 miles on Ultra Sports = 5 FlatsSwitched to Michelin Krylion Carbons , much better tires in the 700x23 size .
 I 'm a regular bike commuter . Usually about 30-50 miles a week.I purchased these tires after my old tires had about 2500 miles on them . These Continentals both flatted within two weeks . At first , I thought it was a fluke , but upon inspection I realized both tires had been punctured all the way through!That is crazy , because normally I might expect to see a glass shard or something that barely got through , but never a hole in the actual tire . These are a waste of money and I 've already almost broke even on buying tubes.The next time these flat , which will probably be this week , I 'm replacing with the Gator Skins . I highly recommend avoiding these tires .
 I have had my new Fuji -LRB- shame on them for putting these tires on the bike -RRB- for all of 7 days and have had a flat on every other ride for a total of 4 . I have been riding theses same roads for years without a flat on my other bikes .
 These are the tires that came on my new bike . They were properly aired at the bike shop , but 9 miles into my first ride the rear punctured on the sidewall . I had to call my friend to come pick me up . I do n't want to worry about patching these every ride , time to look for something new .
 I only have a few hundred miles on these tires and they developed a bubble , a ring of split rubber , a few flats.I 'm very observant of where I ride and avoid any thing that would dan madge the tire . I normally ride the conti Gator skin but wanted to try these cheaper tires . I will be buying some gatorskins not the ultra sport .
 First off , I am a big fan of Continental bike tires . I use the Hometrainer for indoor training , and have had great experience on long tours and city commuting with both the GP 4000 and GP 4-Season tires . But I had to comment when I read the manufacturer 's glowing description of the Ultra Sport 's puncture resistant qualities.Users reviews on a major road cycling review site almost unanimously refute this claim , saying the tire wears out quickly and punctures easily.Yesterday , I was commuting to work on a highway shoulder , when this tire -- which had a total of 150 miles on it -- developed a 2-3 mm `` arrowhead '' puncture , causing an immediate flat . The tire has a gap in the tread that continues through the liner , and it is now unusable . By comparison , I and a riding partner have ridden more than 8,000 miles on Continental GPs and Vredestein Fortezza TriComps -LRB- admittedly twice the cost of the Ultra Sport -RRB- with only a handful of flats , none of which ruined the tire . -LRB- Come to think of it , I ca n't remember * ever * flatting with the GPs . All the flats I recall were using the TriComps , which are essentially a soft-compound , but lined , racing tire . -RRB- Perhaps I had bad luck with some freak road debris yesterday , but the verdict among users indicates otherwise . The Ultra Sport appears to be an inexpensive , entry level road tire that is not designed for any sort of road abuse . Too bad . It grips well and provides a super-smooth ride .
 These are very common tires to get as standard equipment on entry-level carbon road-bikes . The reason for that is how cheaply Continental sells them to the bike manufacturers . The name on these tires over-promises , and their performance under delivers . Had 2 tires -LRB- both my front and real -RRB- wear their tread out in ~ 600 miles of riding . Granted , Boston roads are by no means the best in the world , but even really bad tires should last longer than that . Decided to replace them when I could see deformations in them as if they were going to have blow-outs . Strange because I do n't think I 've ever locked up my brakes on these tires so I do n't think they should have had any abuse to give them flat spots and cause this deformation.I 'd spend my money elsewhere .
 These tires are a joke . In terms of performance , they 're actually pretty good - smooth , fast , minimal road resistance , etc. ... But , they are magnets for glass , small sharp rocks , and any debris one has to ride through all the time on busy urban streets . I averaged 2-3 flats per month with these things , which is heinously bad and totally unnecessary . And if you ride everyday , you 'd be lucky to get much more than a few months out of them before the tread wears out and they become paper thin . So , do n't be tempted by the relatively cheap price - this is a classic example of you get what you pay for . Despite decent performance , there is NOTHING I can recommend about these tires . If you ca n't afford more expensive tires , you are honestly much better off getting some inexpensive gumwalls.Update
 All Batteries dead on arrival -LRB- dealer does n't rotate stock ? -RRB- . Cheaper at Wal-Mart with Tax.-The unit has limitations . The switch mechanism is extremely poorly designed , you operate the unit by rotating the battery cup into a position that compresses a leaf spring . Initially the unit is difficult to operate because of stiffness . Eventually the unit becomes too loose , and the leaf switch -LRB- a small piece of metal that wears easily -RRB- become too weak to stay on.Imagine a cheap dime store AA pen light that you twist on . This unit 's construction is very durable -LRB- aluminum casing -RRB- , but the overall wear upon use of the product 's cheap plastic switch severely impeads it 's longevity.Save your money , spend another $ 20 and get something that will last more than 5-6 uses .
 I have alwasy sighted in guns without a bore sighter , but when I purchased my .300 Winchester Magnum I wanted to try to save money by firing less shots to sight it in . I spent $ 45 on this bore sighter , and that turned out to be a huge waste of money.My batteries were dead when I opened the package so I had to buy more . The on/off is pretty bad and unreliable . I had the laser turn off on its own as I was trying to sight it in.The laser is extremely dim . It was advertised to be visible at 100 yards and it was not . At close range it was hard to see as well.The entire unit and adapters are sloppy and will not really sit solidly in the barrel , so it makes it quite difficult to know if you are actually zeroing the gun or not . I finally zeroed my rifle looking at a wall in my house and when I went outside to shoot it I was WAY off.I would have shot less shots without a bore sighter at all . In my opinion , if you want to zero a scoped weapon , boresight it the old fashioned way if you can and remove the bolt , step back and look through the barrel from at least 5 feet behind the gun . Adjust the entire gun until you see the bulls eye centered in the bore . Then without moving the gun adjust your scope to match . This will get you very close , much closer than the LaserLyte Bore Sighter got me . If you ca n't remove the bolt , just get a gigantic piece of cardboard , mark a spot on it , and shoot at least 3 shots at that spot . Shoot until you get a decent group , then adjust . Once you get it zeroed at 25 yards , do the same with a new large piece of cardboard at 100 , or whatever range you want to zero.To me , a product should give you more utility than you had before the purchase , and this product does not .
 The first one had a problem with the dot size . It would start out small but as the laser warmed up or over a few minutes of useage , the dot was the size of a quarter at 25 yards . I call Laserlyte and told me to ship it back . They got it and told me there was nothing wrong with it ?? She said the dot size was fine ?? They sent me a new one and this one is n't much better than the other one . The dot size is small up to about 30 feet and then it just flares out . Not a great sighter .
 It is advertised as working for all rifles and pistols . Not correct . If your barrell is less than 4 inches long , as is my Ruger .380 and my Taurus .38 special + P , it wo n't work properly.I also have two handguns with longer barrels and it works great with them .
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 I ordered , what I thought , based on the picture and description , was a PINK tennis racket . What I received was a PURPLE tennis racket . Wrote and complained . Amazon apologized and shipped out another ... another PURPLE one . If you like purple and want a purple tennis racket , then by all means , order this one . If you want a pink tennis racket , then I suggest you go to Walmart , because if you order this one , you are not going to get a pink tennis racket like the one in the picture and description in this ad .
 Me too ... I 've received a purple raquet . It 's ok but I was expecting a pink one . I will go for a refund . I wo n't waste my time asking for a pink raquet .
 These ones have no pockets ! A small gripe in comparison to the following . . I purchased five different colors of these shorts at the same time and they were all delivered together . The problem is that they are all different sizes of the same size , if you get my meaning . When I order LG , I want them all to be LG , regarless of what the label says . I have some that go down the my knees , others that are 4-6 inches above the knee . . No consistancy at all . They were made in a couple different countries -LRB- El Salvador , Haiti and the Dominican Republic to be exact -RRB- , but measurements should be the same everywhere -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 This camelback doesnt hold enough to properly hydrate for an hour long ride . theres not enough storage to put a pump , keys , phone and id . the straps are way too big too , they flop around when you are riding unless you strapt the straps down . go with 3L or 100 oz . This thing really needs to be broken in to hold the 2L .
