 We use this in our house to power a Japanese kotatsu heater -- and it works wonderfully ! We have n't had any issues with the heater getting too hot , and we have n't yet tripped a fuse -LRB- we use this almost daily -RRB- . It 's simple to work and comes with an instruction sheet -LRB- telling how to operate and how to change the fuse -RRB- , and with spare fuses .
 I brought a rice cooker from Japan , and it works good for it ! It was fast shipping and well packaged .
 I got this item for using Homebakery made in Japan . I can use and very happy * ^ 0 ^ *
 The charts and carb info are great . The book explains the concepts and implications of the designs , and has many useful illustrations . For the covered carbs , the disassembly photos are superb . However , it does NOT cover the DFAV , DFEV , ICT , IDF , or DCNF carbs , which are some of the most popular . Steps necessary to determine correct jetting are not covered , which is too bad because there is great detail about the jets and how to change them .
 This is one of two excellent books on carburetors that I have read . The two books have different strengths and I 'd recommend getting both . The Aird and Elston book has , in my opinion , a very clear explanation of how each circuit works to atomize the fuel , so that you understand the principles and can make better choices on possible enhancements . I had read pertinent parts of Braden 's book many times without understanding the principles very well -LRB- probably my fault -RRB- and the Aird and Elston book -LRB- primarily the first 30-40 pages -RRB- brought an `` AHA ! '' to me.After having posted the Amazon.com review some months ago , I have had several occasions to refer to Braden 's book , and felt like I gave it too weak an endorsement . It is an excellent book in its own right , and if you are using Webers , you need this book too . Braden 's focus on Webers made it very helpful on many of the specifics that the Aird and Elston book could n't go into , since the Aird and Elston book covers several different brands of carbs . For example , the 40 IDA is covered very well by Braden . I 'd recommend both books for different reasons.Lee Wilkins
 I read this book in one day and then began a complete disassembly of my 40DCOE18 carbs the next day . Where the text was a bit unclear , the pictures more than made up for it . I was able to do both carbs in about 4 hours with no surprises and feeling a lot more confident that I 'll be able to tune these when my car gets reassembled in about a month . Great book . Realize that , at this stage , I 'm not tuning for racing - so take these comments with that perspective .
 This manual has helpfull guides and illustrations which help in rebuilding as well as re-designing your Webers . Charts in this book really helped me to understand and change my set-up for maximum all-around performance.My 2054cc VW Beetle competes with V-8 's of all sizes with no `` slumps '' -LRB- 0-100mph -RRB- . An even curve!Thanks Mr. Braden!Matt Portch
 I never studied or worked on Webers carburators , but i think they are great looking ! So I decided to start learning about them . And maybe put four on my mopar !
 bought for my son , he self taught himself alot of mechanic work by books he bought . pretty impressive to read and learn
 This is an excellent book . Well written and dense with information . There is some excellent fundamental engine physics regarding carburetor function and combustion in the beginning . The section on rebuilds is also great . I highly recommend this book .
 The book brings me the correct data to adjust the float level , right concepts to clean and adjust the progression circuit and accelerator pump , Now the transition problems -LRB- stumble and surge -RRB- are all solved , the performance is excellent , and i am very pleased , Thank you!Phil
 This book has lots of good , general information . This book does not cover the newer carburetors like the 32/36 DGV , but it was very informative nonetheless .
 The book deals with many different types of Weber so by definition is not great for specific recommendations . It does have excellent presentation and some real nice pictures of interesting set ups . It contains good reference material for how the various carbs work including the various jet types and circuits . It probably provides as much info as you have a right to expect from a generic book at this price . On an info level if you buy this book you do n't need ` Weber Carburettors tuning tips and techniques ' by John Passini -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- both cover very similar ground . Print and pictures are bigger in this book so from that perspective it is easier to read but less convenient for carrying around .
 This book goes beyond being a mere product manual . It is , instead an education into the science of fuel/air intake for the internal combustion engine . Of course , it thoroughly vets its core topic , the Weber/Dellorto carburetor line . You 'll learn about the evolution of the Weber carburetor and find out , in depth , how to work on these wonderfully engineered products .
 Good historic and technical info .
 These are absolutely beautiful and bright . Tired of people tailgating or stopping too close to your vehicle ? , especially at night - buy these and you will see the second time the stop behind you , they stay further back . I say this because I have spent a lot of money customizing my truck and if someone bumps them - they would otherwise hit your special truck.Be sure to order the 6 ohm 50 watt resistors as these tail lights draw less current and will cause faster flashing.Fast shipping and good protective packaging . Would buy again .
 its a very well done kit ! they arent cheap or any thing will last a long time a a a a
 I 'll say , right off the bat , that there are n't any instructions and I did n't look any up . I acknowledge that I may not have used them in the exact way they 're meant to be used . I secured a wrap around my muffler using three straps put together . They do n't exactly bite down with the strength of a velociraptor but they do cinch down a bit . you almost have to cinch them down and then fold the metal bands over to hold them in place . I have n't had any issues with them yet , so maybe they 're doing the job I asked them to do just fine ...
 These stainless steel ties do a nice clean job securing the header wrap they are easy to work with and look great THANK YOU !
 These are a must for wrapping your exhaust pipes . I recommended needle nose pliers or vise grips to hold the tab , while you pull it tight . It takes some practice to get them tight , as the steel does not stretch -LRB- like a normal plastic tie-wraps -RRB- .
 These are marketed for automotive use but they work any place you need a way-strong zip tie that will last `` forever '' . About the only thing stronger or more `` heavy duty '' might be a stainless steel hose clamp . Use then any place a nylon zip tie would fail
 I used these to secure the header wrap around my Harley 's exhaust pipes . Very easy to use if you 've ever used a zip tie before ! Just thread the skinny end through the clasp , use a pair of pliers to pull through TIGHTLY and done!I used them on the wrap job two years ago , no sliding , no loosening . Just as good as day one!You do n't need an engineering degree to get the job done without instructions ! Just a little common sense and know-how .
 quality product , shipping was a drag but it was a decent deal considering the competitors . the color was a bit lighter on receiving -LRB- softer lighter gray than the dark graphite depicted -RRB- . I love the look , very awesome . oh , and get the silicone , i know its pricy but you really do need it just be careful to cover EVERYTHING else before application -LRB- i.e. exposed pipe and hardware -RRB- .
 I used these to wrap the exhaust on my motorcyle and had a great end result . You will need a good pair of pliers and some leverage to set it where you need it . There is no locking part like a zip tie , you have to bend it and cut it to set it and size it . Worked perfectly !
 Actually I like the price best . These are usually way over priced . Here they'e just expensive . They do the job and in a year I 'll let you know how they hold up .
 wrap around -- pull tight-you are done -- holds secure , strong , easy to use stainless steel adds design to the heat wrap stylish , needed two per wrap for large exhaut pipes
 Exactly what I needed to tie down components in my engine bay where it gets very hot . Just be careful as they are sharp and can cut .
 Dropped right in as per the OEM that was removed . I saved a bundle DIY'ing and time as well , instead of going to dealer or a shop . FYI invest in the shop manual , you can find this in back of your owners manual or just check with dealer .
 This is the exact fit OEM part for my 2001 Grand AM V6 3400 engine . Replaces the older part number of the factory Denso OEM sensor . Works just like the stock one . I just replacement mine because I had over 125,000 miles on the original . Though the original was still working fine . So these certainly last 100k easy .
 These were direct factory replacements for my '02 Z-71 . They were a breeze to install . Now if removing the old ones were as easy ...
 Decent shocks for the money . Good middle ground for OEM replacements . I hope they last and hold up to the winter potholes ...
 I stripped the threads on my Kawasaki plug and called around to see what it would take . Most mechanics charged a lot for putting in heli coils or other inserts . When I found this system I did n't trust it because it does n't have a lot of reputation on the internet or from local mechanics . BUT it was so cheap I went for it anyway . The system is very well made and the concept is much better than other products that have you drill out the threads . The Sav-A-Thread popped in and held tight right away and still goes strong . I almost tore out my other plug threads just so I could put this in that side as well . I posted detailed pictures on a bike forum and people were impressed with the ease and quality of the final product . Great item . Check here for my instructions on use
 I read installation description and helpful comments . I even asked the local motorcycle shop to do it for me . They declined :--LRB- I knew that there is no going back if you mess this up . I took my time double checking every step . For whatever reason , last step that taps the sleeve into the hole did n't work . So the sleeve spins . However , it is working fine . I put couple hundred miles and no problems . I am just afraid of that spinning that it will come loose . The only reason for 4 stars is the spinning of the sleeve .
 As advertised , high temp protection . Care and caution should be consideredwhen wrapping to cover the ends as they tend to fray , and look unsightly , if left exposed .
 If you have after market exhaust , you need to insulate them . Without insulation the headers , in my case , would allow tremendous heat to build up in the engine compartment . After wrapping , the heat is forced out with the spent gasses . The result is not only more efficient , but cooler .
 This wrap works pretty well and was more than enough length to do the header on my yamaha dual sport . I would recommend using gloves when installing as it was messier than expected and who knows what this thing is made of so that it does n't burn . I went with stainless hose clamps to secure the two ends and did not spray it with whatever spray the manufacturer recommends . I 'm hoping the dark color keeps it from looking too dirty in the future . This stuff makes it tolerable to ride with shorts on - before this my leg was feeling pretty cooked after even a short ride around town .
 great product helps with leaks as well , easy to apply used on motorcycle going to try it on my auto
 Installed it made my car run like new , and it cost half as much as a new one , highly recommended , will buy again , thanks
 I recently bought this item online . I received it very quickly after I ordered it and it was in great condition.Looking forward to doing more buying from this company .
 I have never seen a more accurate set of Oldsmobile paint chips . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I needed much more than I thought , and unless you know what youre doing , consider 2 &#34; rollseasy to install
 It fits snugly , looks good , and gives me that rich feeling I was going for . Did n't even have to use the adhesive tape ! Just placed it on the dash , and it felt just right ! Great buy !
 USA Made in America quality , OEM just as stated.Super price and very low shiopping . Do n't waste time shopping around ...
 ` nuff said . Make sure you have the tools needed to drill into your frame The bolt pattern is different than a lighter-duty hitch .
 I have been happy with the sport grip . The blue color I bought matches the interior color of my car well . It took a few tries to lace it up perfect but now the feel is just great .
 It is great , I love it and the look it has ! The only downside is the lace may break away from the cover .
 I just bought a 1988 Volvo 240 wagon and while I love my old school wheels I 'm a bit grossed out by the well loved steering wheel . The Super Sport Grip slid on like a fitted glove and was easy to attach . The blue even matched my classic Volvo interior .
 It fits snugly , looks good , and gives me that rich feeling I was going for . Did n't even have to use the adhesive tape ! Just placed it on the dash , and it felt just right ! Great buy !
 This water pump exceeds expectations and REALLY works as described in product description . I have increased water flow though my engine and stabilized my water temp throughout the engine resulting in a more effecient cooling system which is badly needed in a Corvette .
 This was the final piece of the puzzle . My bike looks great with the Le Pets bare bones solo seat
 They arrived well packed and installed in minutes . I feel I got what I paid for . Satisfied . Would have preferred a tint to clear but it 's fine .
 They arrived well packed and installed in minutes . I feel I got what I paid for . Satisfied . Would have preferred a tint to clear but it 's fine .
 Beck Arnley is well known for making good gaskets . Remember gaskets can last a long time if you buy the right product brand . This gasket is working fine . Fast shipping .
 If you get the Beck/Arnley 143-0731 Thermostat , make sure you get This Gasket , the one in the box will not fit !
 nice covers and they fit my daughters `` NEW '' Beetle ... nice fabric/neoprene , easy to wash ... shipped on time , and well packaged . .
 So far its been great on my 2008 Honda Rancher . You might struggle with the install a little . You receive two slide mounts so you have an extra for another accessory . Depending on your setup , you might not have all the correct bolt lengths . The instructions say to just cut off the extra , but the problem is that is not easily accomplished after you put the nut on ... which means cutting before mounting and my experience in the past with cutting bolts never works well . You have to be careful that the zipper pull on the interior case clears where the boot cover fits or you might shear off the zipper pull like I did . Kolpin sent me a new case immediately , no questions asked . What I love is that you can push a tab , slide the unit off in seconds . Then if you need a hard case , the large hand screw-bolt can be taken off the case . I read a review that said you can not adjust the position after mounting somewhere , but that is not true , so long as you do not put a pin in hole of the large hand screw . I believe the chances of the screw coming loose are almost impossible ... guess it depends how far and rough the terrain ... Hey just reach over every now and then to tighten as a workout for the day , doubt you 'll ever find it loose .
 Great accesories to personalize your stuff , whether it 's your car , iPad , books , laptop , etc. . It 'll be a great way to pay homage to the greatest superhero ever .
 Bought this decal for my truck as I am a Superman fan . Love it . It is big enough and highly visible in the back of my back window .
 M friend , who has everything superman , wanted something more . She really likes this and she already has it up with her other Superman collection items .
 I bought two of the Superman decals . One for my self , and one for my brother in California . My brother recieved his about the same time that I did , and in good shape . We both love them and are pleased , very pleased with quality , and timly deliavery of the product . Thanks , George
 I would recommend this hitch to anyone looking for one to fit a Jeep Cherokee . I put this on my '98 with the supplied hardware . The hardest part was cleaning out the rusted nuts in the frame , but once that was done it fit like a glove . Total time to install was about an hour and a half .
 This hitch took my about 45 minutes to install on a 99 Cherokee . It fits nice and works well . If you are looking for a rear recovery point for your XJ this hitch would be a god choice .
 Since this is a proprietary bulb , not much choice to compare it . I did replace two , after 5 years on my motorcycle , about 25,000 miles always on ... so they do last a long time .
 very bright lights , keep you safer while driving at night fo sho . now just need the ones that turn when you turn so you can see ahead into dark turns
 This part fit my Airtex E8778 in-tank filter perfectly ; well enough that it does not pop off when I remove the sender from the tank .
 The part fit my vehicle , thanks to Amazon 's &#34; garage &#34; setup . It arrived as desired and expected . I installed it as desired and expected . I paid a reasonable price for the starter .
 The Reese 51032 hitch receiver was straightforward to install even though I jumped into it and loosen some bolts that did n't need to be touched , partially because I did not look in the receiver tube for the instructions and supplied hardware . A second person to hold the receiver while I got the first bolt in would have helped . My bolts were free of rust since my truck has not seen salty northern roads . Badly corroded frame bolts could have made things rough .
 This product does what it is supposed to do . It was a little hard to install due to the fact that I was on my back and trying to hold the Hitch Receiver up with one hand while tightening with the other , and I luckily had another person to help me , but once it was installed it worked perfectly . I have n't tried to tow anything with it yet , but I also drive a Ford Ranger , so towing should be minimal . I made this purchase to accept a bike rack , and it works fine for that .
 first , i must say i am no mechanic . this was so easy to install i did it in about an hour by myself . fit was perfect , no drilling , just had to remove 2 bolts and replace with supplied bolts , hardest part was positioning it by myself to get the first bolt started . good quality , price and arrived on time . nothing negative to report .
 This hitch receiver is really well-designed
 Shipping was fast and hitch was installed with no problems . There was no drilling required to fit my 2006 Ford Ranger . Even though I installed it by myself using a floor jack to hold it in place , it would have been easier with a helper . I would recommend this product .
 This hitch is just what I was looking for . It came in a few days in a perfect package . I bought this to carry bikes.I am delighted with this product . I did have a mechanic install it because I did n't have the tools required . The charge was $ 80.00 which I feel was a reasonable price .
 Quick and easy to install . Color match and fit both perfect . I would definitely recommend these to anyone in hot sunny climates that can crack your dash .
 Terrific fit for my Acura . Easy to clean and is very attractive . The cost was quite reasonable compared to purchasing Acura replacement parts .
 This model is very good all-weather floor mats . Good-quality rubber , fits great my Mercedes 300 CE , 89 . Good profile , which keep water in lower part of the mat . Easy to clean.It was pretty good purchase since I , personally , do n't like carpet floor mats .
 Great iron brush for cleaning specific points of interest of wires , especially 8 gauge and up , terminals , contacts and battery posts . Compact sleek design that gets the job done . Recommend it . The only reason why I gave it 4 stars , it 's because the iron strands of the brush , gets easyly bent , but it can still work fine if you brush the oposite way , and it would still get the job done .
 I like the quality of gates power belts , but usually order them from a local dealer . This requires a trip to the dealer to place the order and another trip to the dealer a week later to pick up the belt . With Amazon , the price was the same and I placed the order on Saturday and received the belt in the mail on Monday .
 Other types with rigid fasteners would not fit my car door . This one does . I bought 2 , and would consider 2 more .
 Yeah , if you got stuck with one of those cup holder-less camrys this is for you . No complaints . Order two .
 Great for older car with no cup holders . These were hard to find and the price was fair.Bought 4 for ca .
 I love my new 2013 Audi A6 - except for the incredibly annoying -LRB- tiny -RRB- cup holders . It was impossible to insert a Dunkin Donuts coffee cup into the cup holder , which definitely put a damper on my driving enthusiasm . Originally I bought the McNaughton Incorporatd Cup Holder Adapter and it serves its purpose admirably . However , while that holder fits snugly into the Audi installed holder , it 's a tad too large to hold a DD coffee cup securely , so I added the Rubberqueen 51216 Cup-N-Can Holder as an a further insert to provide more stability . I removed the `` tongue '' from this holder and simply dropped the body into the McNaughton Adapter and voila ! A perfect outcome .
 This cup holder is much sturdier than other cups holders that 's slip into the window channel . So far a bottle/can has n't slipped out .
 Decent product . Have to be careful when you open and close the window as it occasionally comes off , but it does the job . I 'm satisfied .
 My car 's built-in cup holders have been broken for years so I finally decided to go ahead and try these kind out . I have one on the passenger 's side and one on the driver 's side , both work quite well . The instructions were n't very clear for how to put them in , I initially thought they went between the rubber and the window . This of course does n't work because when you roll the window down , it 's not stuck between anything , so they just fall out . You have to instead jam them in between the rubber part and the door . They do n't feel like they go in very far , but it seems to be a pretty secure hold . Very happy with these !
 very convenient . Sturdy . Great price . 2 1/2 yr old son loves to place his sippy cup in during the drive home from child care .
 I purchashed one of these cup holders for my son 's sippie cup a few years ago . I recently bought another to hold my daughter 's cup . They work great ! The flexible part you place in the window stays in place , even when rolling the windows up and down . The kids like that they can reach their drinks easily . Highly recommend if you need extra cup holders !
 These cupholders do the job . They 're a little flimsy but the fit just right in my truck .
 I purchased this cup holder to go in the back seat with my three and a half year old son . I recently bought a Britax seat for my son , and immediately noticed that there was n't a cup holder in his new car seat -LRB- his old car seat had a cup holder , which he loved -RRB- The Rubberqueen cup holder seemed to be the only solution , as my son ca n't reach the cup holders located in the back seat of our car , from where his car seat is . It 's convenient , versatile and easy to use . Our son loves drinking water , so this cup holder has been a lifesaver for us !
 I have a 2001 Honda Odyssey and was struggling to find a cup holder that would work in my vehicle as the cup holders that come w / the car are horrible ! :-RRB- This works perfectly ! It stays in place , stays put when rolling window up and down , and does n't get in the way when driving.I highly recommend this cup holder !
 i have been looking for some type of cup holder for my 2010 mustang and when i saw these i took a chance because you really could n't tell how they worked in the ad and it did not explain how they worked or where you put them . but i was pleased when i got them , they fit between the window and the rubber and the end has ridges so they stay in place . when not in use we lay them in the back seat . very good value for the price .
 Fits my door ! Shipping was fast . Cant find these anywhere anymore ! The ones in the Auto Sores Are Pre Molded and dont fit alot of vehicles ! What else can I say
 I have a VW Beetle and cup space is very limited . I needed something for those extra large sodas I love to get but had no place to secure in my car . This cup holder is amazing ! It fits securely and can hold the full cup easily . I bought a second one for the passenger side since my sister kept complaining that she had to hold her drink too . Very highly recommend !
 Seriously . This is one of my favorite purchases.It stays put.It 's a good size - holds my superkillerhuge drivethrough ice teas and my 16 oz water bottles . At different times , of course.My drinks do n't tip.It 's simple.It works as intended and that makes me very , very happy . : D
 This was purchased for a vehicle that had no cup holders so a holder was needed that would slip between panels . Once in place , it did n't move . It will hold a cup of coffee or a can of pop , but will not really hold fast food sodas etc. . It works for its intended purpose .
 This was exactly what I was looking for to match the cupholder I bought a couple of years ago from a Pep Boys store , which no longer carries this item . Now both my kids can put their cups against the window in the back seats . Thankful that this item qualified for the Free Super Saver Shipping option .
 We had one of these for my daughter to use in the back seat to hold her sippy cup when she was younger . It worked great until five years and another child later , they would argue over who got to use it . Eventually the rubber tore and they no longer had anything to argue over ... haha , just kidding . Other cup holders for use on the door did n't work in my car like this one did . I was sooo excited to find it on Amazon and ordered two as Christmas gifts that were to be opened simultaneously by the girls . I kid you not when I say they were both excited about their new cup holders ! LOL Seriously.As for the negative reviewers , they can send me theirs ... I 'm sure I 'll need back-ups .
 I was looking for a cup holder to go on my 2007 Suzuki Burgman 400 . Not that I was intending to drink my Starbucks while riding to church , but I wanted somewhere stable to hold a travel mug so I could enjoy the coffee when I arrived.While it was n't designed for it , the flexible strap works well to slip in the door to the storage compartment in the front fairing . -LRB- It is actually designed to slip into the window channel on your car door . -RRB- If it had been rigid , it would n't have worked . Since it is flexible rubber and thin , it works fine.For using in a car , I do n't think you 'd have to do anything more for it to work well . I wanted a little more stability in holding my travel mug because the ride on a maxi-scooter/motorcycle is n't as smooth and the bike leans as well , and so I used duct tape to hold the two arms closed.If purchased for what it is intended for , I think it works just fine and is a low-cost alternative to bring your java along .
 I ordered 5 different cupholders from Amazon.com cause I didnt wan na waste time not liking the one I would get home , and I also wanted to compare them cause I really really need one . This one was by far the best for my car . It was perfect . . I mean I could not have wished for anything better . Now . . I did buy this one regardless of some negative reviews of it saying it was flimsy cause others would review it good . And now after trying it , it 's just perfect . I do think that either they did n't put it in/installed it right or maybe their car is different then mine . I drive a subaru and it works perfectly . I pulled down the window the whole way then I tucked the ribbed rubber all the way down between the door and the window . . then I pulled the window up and it has worked ever since . . 4 weeks now . I 've pulled down the window to the middle and back up several times . . I never pull the window fully down cause we got a little dog in the frontseat anyhow . My starbucks is always sitting tight in there and its not flimsy at all :-RRB- -LRB- Grande -RRB- I might buy another one just because im so excited about this product that if mine ever break , I got a replacement :-RRB- Not that I can see how it could break lol . . The plastic is very sturdy.I told my husband that he ca n't understand how happy I am over just a cupholder , I 've been frustrated not having one for years now !
 I first purchased these back in 1991 for my Honda Civic which came with no cup holders . The trick to installation , as someone else mentioned , is that you must squeeze it between the door and the Window 's Guide -LRB- metal or rubber frame -RRB- , it should NOT touch the window , allowing the window to move freely up and down without contact . I would also recommend that you squeeze all of the ridged parts down behind the door , this will make the Window Guide/frame look a bit more flush . Mine remained secure for over 10 years . I am now happy to find them again and will be purchasing more for my 21 year old Civic and 350z .
 We purchased two drink holders . When we purchase 2 large drinks , they do not fit either car 's cup holders . Now we can place a 32 oz . drink in the cup holder without worrying about it spilling and they are easy to remove from the cup holder .
 works great , hasnt fallen out yet , fits in the window just like its supposed to . I took a piece of velco and stuck it to it to keep from flopping around .
 After my brother ripped the cup holders out of are car on accident I needed something relatively cheap , but functional . While this one loses a start for how much it cost me , it made up for that in functionality . I had a hard time figuring out how you would use this with your window , as I understood you should . I ended up putting it in the lid of the glove box and it holds there.The reason I chose this one over one with rigid plastic is because not all cups are the same size and so this gives you the ability to be flexible with the cup you put into it ; a very important feature for me.Otherwise it is a good simple product . Does n't feel too cheap . I 'm not worried about the arms breaking off from normal usage , but it needs to watch out for my brother.Bottom line
 This is the only window style cup holder that really works . I looked long and hard to find it and it 's well worth the money .
 I needed an extra cup holder in my semi and this works beautifully . Easily removes and installs in between side glass and inner door panel as needed when changing vehicles . Does n't slip . Holds 12 oz . soda can or cup within easy reach .
 Good product.Really tired of the 20-word-minimum thing - is it really necessary ? , so
 For the money it is good . But could not install behind the mirror nor on the dashboard because of some magnetic interference that wo n't let it turn . The only place it worked for me was up inside the windshield next to where they usually place the oil change sticker . However in dark you can not see what it shows . So if it only shows one direction no matter where you go , it is stuck in a magnetic field and need to move it away from it . The sticker is good so do n't be afraid to try on several places until you get it right .
 Pros : Aesthetically pleasingSmall sizeLow costCons : Lacks magnetic compensationNo illuminationIt works as a compass should!Before you buy anything , it is important to understand what you are buying . This is a compass -LRB- built with magnets -RRB- , not a GPS device . Like any normal compass , it will inherently be inaccurate to a varying degree , based on location and your surroundings.It will be thrown off by nearby magnetic interference such as the metal and electronics in your car and likely your ipod and cell phone . I 've had a number of passengers throw off the compass because of their new touch-screen cell phones that interfere with electronics -- indicated by causing static sounds in radios/speakers , very annoying/obnoxious . Fortunately , the compass appears to work fine around my Motorola RAZR maxx VE.If you are constantly using your cell phone while you drive or can not keep this compass away from electronic devices , then you should invest in a GPS . I personally do n't like GPS because I 'd rather know where I 'm going before I go out on the road than rely on someone -LRB- or something -RRB- to tell me where I am , and if I happen to go astray , then I can rely on the compass to get me back on track.For the price , this is a very affordable navigation device that fits well in the car -LRB- mine sits near the center of the dashboard just to the side of the steering wheel -RRB- . The shortfalls include it does not illuminate so it is not visible at night and it lacks compensation for nearby magnetic fields -LRB- though I ca n't see how anyone would expect it to do either of these -RRB- . If you want illumination , you can pay a little more for a different compass . If you want resistance to magnetic fields , you 'll have to pay a lot more . Adjustable compensating compasses are normally made for boats , but can be used in cars , though they usually require an AC/DC power supply and will probably cost around $ 60 - $ 250 -- you may as well purchase a GPS at that cost -LRB- or a watch with a built-in compensating compass -RRB- .
 i honestly do n't know what the other reviewer are talking about the stuck compasses but i 've bought about 10 of these compasses -LRB- at different times -RRB- for myself , my sister , and friends and was recommended by a friend to buy this and i 've had no problems whatsoever with these products . it 's simple , small , and easy to place . i have not have the compass being stuck pointing one direction yet , but maybe i 'm just lucky so far .
 I needed a cheap compass to align my roof antenna . This did just that
 Product was everything that it was described to be from shipment time to install time . I installed hitch in about 20 minuteslaying on the garage floor . All holes aligned perfectly with no drilling required on my 1998 Ford Explorer . It probably tookme longer to find my spare tire tools , in the vehicle , to lower the spare tire for installation -LRB- required with 16 inch spare tire -RRB- . Hitch is a perfect fit and looks good and not to mention the price was the best I found of any brand for my vehicle . I wouldrecommend this product anyone .
 i had my local advanced auto parts price match this item and got it in half the time . no drilling required on 1995 ford explorer xlt . 20 minute job super easy , looks great .
 Completely `` plug and play '' on my 1997 Mercury Mountaineer . Took 10 minutes to install , no drilling required . I have a full size spare , and it clears that without issue . The tire will lower and raise without hitting the hitch . Very happy . * edit * If you are buying this to tow something and need trailer light hookups I also bought this and it works great : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002Q7YA6/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00
 Shipped and received on time . Custom fit the 2000 ford explorer like a glove , easy 4 bolt installation . Highly reccomended .
 This Reese Towpower 51033 hitch was delivered in a few days and installation was a 20 minute job , fit perfect on my 2001 ford explorer.The price is also a plus . yes I am pleased . . Kevin
 Great skid plate and easy to install . Definite must have if you do any riding outside a track . Very light weight but durable construction .
 I bought these tracks for a set of Thule 418 rack feet . Although the basic fit is satisfactory , the rubber part of the feet had to be trimmed , and is not a perfect match for the shape of the track.On my old Ranger truck , the mis-match is no big deal , and the final rack installation is truly truck-strong . For the price , I got a great deal . But if you are putting these on a new , shiny car and want all the details right , do n't use the Thule hardware because you 'll be dissatisfied with the fit.For the Ranger , these tracks were not profiled correctly and had to be bent slightly to conform to the cab-roof curvature . That 's when I discovered how strong these tracks are ; they were very hard to bend . I did n't do a perfect job , but they mounted cleanly and a little RTV filled in the minor gaps . The rivnut fasteners that come with the tracks are first-class , with o-ring seals and anti-turning serrations . They need about 1/2 '' of clearance to insert/install . In several of my mounting holes , there was a superstructure underneath that had to be clearance-drilled , or dented , to be able to install the fasteners . No big deal , just a little extra work/care . At some place in my research , I thought I had seen a claim that Surco was compatible with both Thule and Yakima products ; not sure now . So I 'm giving a 4-star rating despite a good strong product , just because it 's likely that only Surco hardware will fit perfectly .
 I am using these on an endurance race car - a BMW e30 . We raced a 24 hour race recently and changed out the Hawk Race Blue brakes with these about half way through the race . These pads performed almost as well as the Hawk Blues -LRB- I really could n't tell the difference -RRB- and based on what Hawk has to say about these brakes , these should last longer than the Hawk Blues . Great value .
 I have always seen the ads in car magazines for their in car weather mats , and thought they were too expensive . But after looking on-line , the prices are competitve compared to what you would find in an auto parts store . Great fit and quality for my Subaru WRX , would definitley recommend for any car or truck . I live in snow country , and this helps protect the carpet , easy to clean , fits better than oem .
 Easy to apply , look nice . Have used them before , never had one fall off . They are probably more for show than safety , given their size , but they do highlite my motorcycle well .
 This was a great product ! Quick shipment ! Perfect fit for a 2003 Kx 125 big bore kit . Came with everything needed .
 had to put it on outside mirror - first compass of the 6 compasses i 've tried for my 4-runner that was versitale enough to use on the suv . used velcros so can be removed .
 Type S 10402 Compass-Blue We live in a city where there are virtually no streets that go N-S or E-W so even with a map , you still do n't know which way to go . Just stick it on the mirror and you have a fighting chance of finding your way home .
 Very fast service , just more than I expected . Customer feedback is excellent too . I 'd like to do more transaction with this seller .
 I bought these for my Cooper and they to their job perfectly.But know this , these are plastic ; the actual thread is metal and fits securely , but the outter body is made of hard plastic.Also , they are not as shinny as shown on the pictures ; they have a matte finish with a clear semi-gloss coat , so there is a bit of shine.Their size is about the same as a regular size marble , I would say about .75 '' . I 've had them for about two weeks and so far , they 've stayed on , so that 's a plus .
 Looks great . Easy to install . Reuses the reverse light . Ford 's back-up light is of no help . I was Hoping this would improve this problem . It did not . Small complaint . No regrets , looks great .
 Not much to say this is a very nice cover plate am very please with it just like looking in a mirrior it fit was perfect .
 Fits perfectly , worked perfectly . Not much else to say!You do have to evacuate the system and remove the condenserto replace this fan assy . Stupid design on Dodge 's part.PP4x4
 After a lot of research I purchased this cargo carrier , in combination with the ROLA 59102 cargo bag -LRB- another excellent product -RRB- , for my first long distance vacation . I feel I made a great decision . This carrier is solid , strong , and reliable . My concerns about carrying luggage and other items behind the car -LRB- Durango -RRB- dissipated within minutes . Even without an anti-rattle device the carrier remained steady . The design lifts the carrier above the plane of the hitch , increasing ground clearance and providing for easier loading . The fold-up option is convenient and simple to use . Assembly took less than five minutes as there is only one bolt and one pin to install . The main portion is a single welded design . At 50 lbs . I found it to be very manageable to install alone . Its strength was put to test on my return trip home when I was rear-ended in NY . The carrier did n't have a scratch and suffered no other damage -LRB- twisting or bending -RRB- . The 48 '' width worked perfect for me and did n't obscure my taillights . With vacation over , this carrier makes transporting all my bulk items a breeze .
 Used with Toyota Highlander OEM factory hitch . Product assembly was easy enough and the carrier seems sturdy . We opted not to use the bracket that allows the carrier to swing vertical and elevates it slightly . Instead , we bolted the carrier itself into the hitch , it was so long that it just barely fit into OEM hitch , so this may not work for all hitches . Ground clearance was fine even without the bracket and no rattling or noise over 1200 miles . Used with Rola 59102 bag and 59200 spider net for extra security . I appreciate the lighter weight and narrower size than the big hitch carriers , but you still get a 2 '' fitment without an adapter . I did not appreciate the packing job by Amazon . The box was in poor condition , especially at the hitch end , where it had punctured the box leaving a large opening . The UPS guy just shrugged his shoulders and said it was improperly packed . So , be sure to check the hitch end if you have box damage to make sure it is n't scratched , scraped or bent . Our had a slight tilt to the right when attached to the hitch . it was n't obvious if this was due to the hitch or to the carrier , or even to damage from shipping , but I 'll probably keep it since it was n't that bad .
 Bought this unit last year ... It was everything I could have asked for ... Quality construction and just the right size . Carries a lot of stuff . Also bought the bag and it also is great .
 fits nice and the lift fits my f150 fine . plenty of bumper room & tailgate space . have n't put it to the test but looks quality built .
 Replaced original pump with no problems . Pump included updated wiring harness . Very quiet pump and fuel level sending unit is much more accurate than the original factory assembly .
 very good helmet , not heavy and does not feel awkward on my head . Good fit , looks good on my head not like a bowl . Seller had it at my house in a couple of days .
 Great helmet at a very affordable price . I did n't want a full helmet and this 1/2 is perfect . Sizing was good and it seems very sturdy .
 I do n't know how they do it ... lots of protection -LRB- DOT -RRB- , small and light ... and , all for an exceptionally low price . Thank you Amazon & Jafrum .
 I just love this helmet is small and does n't weigh much but still passes DOT regulations which means it 's safe . I have had trouble with big bulky helmets in the past but this one I would say is the best I 've ever tried . THANKS MUCH , Gary L. Hargis
 Ordered for my xr70r due to mine where very worn out kit came with more than everything need was plesently supprise and installing the kit was super easy only down fall was no directions but common sense is need to install
 I 've been using GTX oil in my cars for years now . Never a problem & all my vehicles run strong as he ** . My 85 RX7 was at over 180k miles on the original engine when I sold it as parts due to body damage ... engine was great . I now use the syntec blend For my RX8 . It 's a great comprimise between a killer dino & full synthetic . -LRB- I do not reccomend full synthetic in a rotary -RRB- Keep your oil fresh & drive hard . : -RRB-
 Spectacular , I made a trip 11.000 km with this boot , under sun and rain cold and heat.But my feet always very comfortable and protected .
 They are comfortable , look good -LRB- for motorcycle boots -RRB- , are waterproof after hours of standing in snow and slush -LRB- yes , I know they 're not intended for shoveling snow off the driveway -RRB- and offer much more protection than construction or other type boots . Great value for the money .
 I put these on a 64 ford , and they made a drastic improvement in the handling of the old gal ... . The order was easy , but the shipping was a bit slow ...
 This is the second BedRug I have had in a Ford Super Duty . They are virtually indestructable , great looking and easy to install . I have carried everything from gravel to fine woodwork . The gravel wo n't damage the BedRug and the BedRug wo n't damage the woodwork -LRB- assuming you clear out the gravel first :-RRB- -RRB- . It can be washed out with a hose or vacuumed out . In my first truck it was paired with a SnugTop cap , in this one with an Extang Solid Fold tonneau . Love the BedRug , you WO N'T be disappointed .
 I do n't have a Walbro pump for this exact vehicle but on my 1993 Altima it has increased performance . The fuel efficiency runs about the same and performance has increased a lot . Since these pumps were so under rated I decided I had to share the good news . I took the chance with it since Walbro tells you the specs on its regular pumps and puts it side by side with its high pressure pumps . The high pressure pumps really do wonders .
 I ordered this pump on Monday the week of Thanksgiving and i got it that Wednesday , i was amazed how fast it got here . I did however order the wrong part , so now i have to return it so i will report on the return process as soon as i have the info .
 I have a 1998 Mitsubishi Eclipse GS and a 1999 GST . I love these cars but I do drive them with ... spirit
 I bought this to jazz up my car . I love it . I am a big butterfly fan and this LED really lights up the interior of my car . My daughter loves it . I had to read the directions to see that I needed to unscrew it a bit to make it long enough to make contact .
 I think this product is very good . I got it for my Dad . He lost his original one , we think somebody stole it . This new one is even better anyways though , because it seems to be brighter when it 's lit up .
 This light kicks anus !!!! It lights up my car at night all up in the floor bloard and even reflects off the ceiling !!! No way ! , ... . Waaaaay ! Cool !!! You 're daaaaaamn right it is . And its a skull . How cool is that ? Waaaaaaay cool son !!!!
 I ordered this kit for my wifes 1996 Toyota Camry . Her clutch was just starting to slip . I installed this kit in November 2010 and so far works good . The original Toyota clutch had a better feel to it but for less than 1/2 the money Toyota wanted we can live with it . I would buy this kit again it is of good overall quality . NO Chinese parts THANK GOD . . !!
 If anyone is looking for these injectors , you 're not going to find them anywhere else for cheaper and actually the right fit for the 86 ' Starion/Conquest . Having trouble finding the right 89 ' injectors though .
 I have been using K&N filters for all our cars . I do not hesitate to buy when K&N offers it .
 Arrived on time , perfect shipping , perfect product . Thought about going for a cheaper brand bearing , but considering it is holding up my rear axle , decided to go Timken . No regrets !!!
 It 's a plastic valve cap ! And its black . Not many things can go wrong here . Works well . Highly recommended ! !
 Works great on my 2011 Jeep Wrangler . My factory caps were worn with a hole in the top , so i really needed new ones . These are simple , nothing fancy . Shipped very quickly .
 Come on , people . They are valve caps , not rocket science . Remove from packaging , screw onto the tire valve , and go .
 Is not much to evaluate , just a plastic valve cup . Look good to me , price at amazon.com are very good .
 Not much to say except that they fit my valves on my car , feel sturdy enough that I expect them to be lost before they 're broken . I 've only had it for a day so do n't take the sturdy comment too seriously.I just wish these were a little cheaper than $ 3 + . It 's simple plastic at the end of the day . I can see so many other small things on Amazon -LRB- say those button style batteries -RRB- that are priced much cheaper than these caps .
 Caps are useful for replacing any tire valve caps that you manage to lose . They fit on the tires of my car without any problems , and since they 're black so it blends in with the color of the tires even if the valves themselves are gray/chrome .
 The Valve Caps fit the valves on my tires perfectly , just like they claimed . I would recommend these valve caps .
 The local idiots at the Big-O-Tire did n't put the valvestem cap back on my tire after getting a leak fixed.Got on amazon , found these , bought them.As usual , they shipped quickly , and I installed one onto my tire , and it fit perfectly.Cheap and does what it 's supposed to , as advertised . Not much else to say .
 Good quality valve caps . Fit well , seem like they will be durable . Good price for them too . Would buy these again .
 The title says it all . They work . But why should n't they ? It 's not like we 're talking about a Space Shuttle here .
 I keep on losing the caps on my car tiresI used to buy the brass ones but the wannabe car thieves used to to steal them.I took my wife 's car in for service but the the mechanics did n't tighten the caps properly.These fit great & they prevent the air form seeping out of the tyres.They also match the colour of the tyres perfectlyBell Automotive 22-5-00709-8 Black Plastic Valve Cap
 came with 4 instead of 8 ! but the 8 on the name is the item # so dont be tricked ! but overall its good quality !
 Just your standard plastic tips . 4 stars because they were the same as came on my new tires . I just wish I could 've bought a dozen at a steep discount -LRB- eg 12 / $ 6 -RRB- since I tend to lose them . These were about $ 1 each . All the cost is in the handling , not the product .
 Nothing spectacular , just decent caps at a fair price . Bought for a 2011 Grand Prix and will look here again if I need more in the future .
 does the job , and has been on my car for awhile now & nothing has happened to them . Wish it came with 8 incase one breaks off or someone steals them .
 Nothing flashy about this product . If anything , I would say it is a little over priced for what it is . It requires a $ 25 dollar shipment to be eligible for purchase , which as a Prime member seems a little excessive .
 They go on and keep gunk out of your valves , work as advertised . Nothing fancy , but what do you expect ?
 I purchase this since one of Valve cap has been lost . This cap fits really nice to my Honda Civic 's valve . Without valve I am really feeling unsafe since something touches valve by any reasons , air of tire will be gone . So I am really happy to have this .
 I ca n't say enough about the great customer service Chris provided me in getting me bearings for my integra . The guy went above and beyond which is rare anymore these days . Outstanding prices and top notch customer service .
 Great product ! Lots of compliments , , add great detail to my spiked license frame I purchased . . Quick order , quick shipping and quality for the cost ... VEGAS8 , , Victory , Vegas 8 Ball 2007 , , ca n't beat it . .
 Good chrome and just like the back of the Pratt and Miller Corvettes in ALMS use !
 I ordered these pair of Skull License Plate Fastners to dress up a new license plate frame . They are as I expected for the price . The appearance new is very good . The skull portion feels very cheap and light . I ca n't tell if they are plastic or very light weight metal but they do include two washers , a lock washer and the nut to tighten on the bolt threads . The skull is threaded onto the included bolt shaft . I am using loctite so the skull can not be just hand unscrewed from the bolt and taken off the vehicle . I am only using them to fill the two extra bottom holes on the licensed plate frame since the license plate and frame are mounted to my vehicle by the top of the frame only . I feel these fasteners will be adequate for this if they do not rust or degrade in appearance . I do not think I would use them to attach the plate and frame to the vehicle as they feel too light .
 Bought these for my son and for my brother-in-law too . They both LOVED them . What a uniquie , cool item . Their friends really loved them too and have paid them many complements .
 Nothing fancy but they sure do look flashy on my truck . The only thing is you only get a set of 2 but that 's no biggie , I just ordered 2 sets of these for both front and rear plates . If you already have the skull shifter and skull door locks , I highly suggest you get these license plate fasteners to complete the skull collection .
 The skull license plate fastners were shipped quickly and were a great price . They went along great with the skull license plate .
 Purchased this pair of bolts for the barbed wire license plate frame that I purchased for my husband 's Honda Shadow 1100 . They are heavy duty and very nice looking ! They come in a pair , which is good enough for a motorcycle .
 These are easy to install.you do n't need any tools to install . You do need a screw driver to take off the bolts that are your car . These just twist in . That 's it . They look and fit great add on for your car .
 These skull license plate fastners look great on the bike . Was tired of just plain screws or red reflector types .
 Nothing to Complain about - all good . They are still where I put them and the quality is approporiate for the price .
 These work great to hold my bike 's license plates in place and they look pretty cool too . The washers wo n't lose the tightness with the vibration .
 These are really cool . They go really well with the barbed wire license plate holders . Order them as a set .
 I bought a pair of these for my Honda Shadow , and they look great . The eyes do n't really reflect too much , but that 's okay
 they are a gift for my mans motorcycle and he will love them . they are a good quality metal product
 I love 'em ! They look so cool on my bike . I plan to order more for my other bike . Maybe , evenmy car . Nice product , well done .
 I ordered these to replace the cheap plastic ones that came with my scooter . I did not even pay attention to them until I saw these online at Amazon . Anyone can take your plate if they want it bad enough but with these they will have to work at it a bit because you can really tighten them down . They are a very nice accessory and very reasonably priced .
 PURCHASED THESE TO GO WITH A 3D SKULL TAG AND SKELETON TAG FRAME . IT WAS THE PERFECT FINISHING TOUCH TO A CUTE THEME .
 fast delivery , great looking skull with red eyes , you ca n't beat the price & they look excellent on my 2011 Harley Davidson Street Bob :-RRB- Thanks ...
 What a funny little add on to a Harley Crossbones . It is another little skull to accent the name . They are nicely made , seem as durable as the standard bolts that came on the bike ... no surprises .
 Bought these to replace some plain reflector fastners on my Harley . Ended up being a nice custom touch that looks a lot better than the previous fastners . Acceptable quality . I would buy them again .
 Looks great on my vehicle . I would only use these if you 're going to a car meet , if you park your car on a city street , they wo n't last long .
 These are great plate fasteners . However way over priced on this site !! I just bought these exect skulls at Sears essentials for $ 1.60 including 7 % tax .
 This is a very awesome product , It has a Great price , It is very Easy to install , It shows Obvious improvement .
 I often purchase K&N ; air filters for my cars , and saw that the K&N ; filter was available for International shipment , I decided to take the plunge.I was working on my car -LRB- bonnet was already open -RRB- when the package came , so un-clipped the air filter box , took out the old filter , dropped in the K&N ; filter , and clipped back the air filter box.Couldn ' t be happier ! : -RRB-
 A bit pricey , but I 've yet to find anything better for preventing and in some cases curing corrosion on electrical devices . I 'm into model airplanes and have brought servos back from the dead by shooting some corrosion block into the guts of the things . Every time I crack open an automotive connector I shoot a bit on it just for insurance . It works .
 Helmet is great for the price , no real complaints.only con is helmet lining will dislodge when removing helmet.quick fix spray some adhesive on foam shell to hold lining in place .
 very good helmet , not heavy and does not feel awkward on my head . Good fit , looks good on my head not like a bowl . Seller had it at my house in a couple of days .
 Great helmet at a very affordable price . I did n't want a full helmet and this 1/2 is perfect . Sizing was good and it seems very sturdy .
 I do n't know how they do it ... lots of protection -LRB- DOT -RRB- , small and light ... and , all for an exceptionally low price . Thank you Amazon & Jafrum .
 I just love this helmet is small and does n't weigh much but still passes DOT regulations which means it 's safe . I have had trouble with big bulky helmets in the past but this one I would say is the best I 've ever tried . THANKS MUCH , Gary L. Hargis
 Using these on a small block ford 302 engine with aftermarket aluminum heads . needed longer/more thread engagement for the rockers and place the rockers closer to the bottom of the stud and not on the threads that allow the rocker to pivot side to side due to the extra clearance .
 Just recieved these Smoke Headlight Covers for my 1998 Olds Bravada and they fit well but with the bottom corners a tiny bit loose with 3M tape provided so i added 1 additional small piece of the same tape to each bottom corner and they now fit tight and look perfect . They can be removed if needed to clean the lights and look is totally blacked out as pictured but your lights shine right through when lit . Good Deal !
 Very nice quality and my truck is blue , so it looks perfect . I would buy another one of these in the future .
 easy install and works better then stock will tell friends about this unit and will use again thank you for your help
 I installed an electric fuel pump near the fuel tank . Was concerned about proper pressure to the carburetor of my 427 Ford Stroker engine . Gauge has worked well for over a year . I just ordered another because carburetor cleaner melted the clear plastic face . Gage still works though but you ca n't really read it .
 These filters last which is why I use them . I purchased this for my Camaro and used it for several years . When I sold the car it was still working . Costs a little more but saves money by not having to purchase disposable filters every year .
 Worth it even if only for the lifetime air filter -LRB- have to clean/recondition every 50,000 or less depending on driving habits -RRB- . Gain a few horsepower and hear your engine breathe a little deeper !
 This is a life long air filter it you take cafe of it . Which isnt very hard . It makes your car a bit louder under the hood . And does increase HP . I replaced one from a sand storm in Las Vegas . It was too dirty to clean correctly .
 This is a fine tire gauge that I had purchased for my RV . Price was right and it works well with dual wheels .
 Work as it should.I have an Accu Gauge and others , this one is the best by far .
 I have used this gauge for several years and always found it accurate and enjoy the compact size.I did have an issue where it stopped working and I had to open it up and shim the batteries so that they made good contact -LRB- the batteries themselves have never worn out -RRB- and it has worked fine ever since then .
 These are my favorite tire pressure gauges . I 've been using these for six years . I have them in all my cars and in my toolbox . They are accurate to within their 1/2 pound resolution . They are consistent . Occasionally they will give a bizarre reading -LRB- e.g. 99 psi -RRB- , in which case just try again and they will be fine . The batteries last a long time -- maybe a couple of years . I discarded the silver keychains and just have the dark-blue plastic bodies rolling around in my glove compartments .
 This is my 2nd one . The first one , I had purchased it from Walmart . After dropping it several times , however , it broke . :P When I could n't find this anymore through Walmart , I bought it online . I 've taken extreme care not to drop this one and it has been reliable so far . The reason I like this particular gauge is because it 's small , easy to stow away in my cigarette ash tray in my car , and it 's been the easiest one to use with my particular wheels and tires combination .
 I 've owned one of these for a number of years , and it 's a very handy and accurate gauge.To the folks who complained about erratic readings - did you try fresh batteries ?
 Bought this for my daughter 's Volvo , and had it sent directly to another city . Arrived on time and was installed with no problems .
 This gas door seems to be solidly built . It installs fairly easily and looks great . I had an issue with someone siphoning my diesel from my truck at work . While I really wish I could find that person choking on my fuel this locking fuel door solves that issue without as many bruises on my knuckles .
 I recently migrated from the stock harley seat on my '07 dyna to a single seater mustang -LRB- but that 's another review -RRB- . I of course had that nice seat bolt-hole sitting all exposed on the fender.So I bought this bolt . It installed easily and is a nice accent on the fender . Could n't be more pleased .
 It may sound stupid to review and oil drain pan , but this one finally meets my needs . It is heavy enough plastic that it wo n't buckle in half when full and it pours nicely without dripping down the front . I looked at pans at the national retailers but they were all junk . Go ahead and spend the 3 extra bucks for the lisle !
 Product is good and usefull , no mess . We used it for oil change and we have no complains about it
 This is the only polish that would take mag chloride stains off my Chrome front bumber !
 Easy to use , price is right , good product . A jar of this NXT goes a long way , a lot further than Mother 's Billit Polish . Meguiars NXT Polysh works well on metals that do n't need much attention . Mother 's Billit Polish seams to work much better on heavy tarnished metals . NXT Metal Polysh is a very fine paste , where Mother 's Bullit Polish is a paste but doesnt seam as fine as the NXT Metal Polysh . Both work very well on plastic as a cleaner .
 best compound i ever used . i threw out my can of mothers polish after i got this stuff . you wo n't be disappointed .
 this product is awesome it does what it says and more . i will deff be looking for more of this later on when i run out . but for now it is an great product no need for any other metal polish for specialty metals , this does the trick every time .
 This product -LRB- and any product that Meguiars makes -RRB- is phenominal . Give the chrome or any metal a nice natural polished shine to it and even leaves it with a wax type barrier to prevent further oxidation of the part .
 Installed it the other day , did n't take very long but the instructions were no help . You just take off the bolts for the tow hooks and then take off the stock bumper and this one slides into place . i wish i couldve kept my tow hooks on there but i 'll just mod some on ;] it looks great and works great too . i got into an accident less than a week after i put it on and the mechanic said the aftermarket bumper was the only thing that saved my jeep from getting totaled .
 This is a great bumper I put it on my 1991 jeep yj looks and fits great , took about 30 min to install , i would buy another one !!!!
 Perfect fit and installed in about 40 minutes beginning to end . Has tabs for mounting driving/fog lights , they look good and are much better than the original C-rail bumper .
 I used this to remove a stripped exhaust stud on my Harley Road King . The tool worked great but it appears to be a 1x use as I do n't see how to remove the stud from the tool ? It appears I will have to use a Dremel and try to cut the stud out of the tool .
 Well , title pretty much says it all , this is the best tool I have found so far for stuck studs and bolts , works if the bolt head is rounded off too , just put the correct sized tool over the bolt/stud and hammer it one , it creates little groves in the metal that the metal ` teeth ' on these things use to grip and remove the bolt/stud , I have n't had it fail on me yet , although have n't had to deal with anything that was heavily corroded .
 I used this product just today to wash my car . It shines the car up extremely well . In fact , I 'd say it works just as well as running your car through the car wash . That 's how good of a shine/clean it gives . I had a towel to dry my car for afterwards , but this product seems to dry quickly on its own after you get done rinsing your car off with water . I barely even had to use the towel to dry it.I would recommend this product to anyone who enjoys a car that looks as if it just finished rolling out of the car wash = -RRB-
 This is the best car wash product I have ever used . You get sheeting action like have wax applied to your car . And if you keep your car waxed really well , you can wash , chamois -LRB- or ShamWow -RRB- and terry towel dry your car in less than half an hour cause the water rolls off the wax to make the car almost dry . Worth the price and better than Gold .
 We have been very pleased with the DashMat . It fits well and looks better than I expected . The price was excellent . It should help save the dash from the effects of sunlight .
 good replacement pump , just like the original , even the existing harness worked , pumped right away all parts included . Great item
 I installed it and I assume it 's doing it 's getting the job done ... The item arrived before or exactly when expected ...
 I have a Toyota Tacoma 4dr shortbed with shell.I wanted something nice inside that would not let my fire gear slide all around . This works great . Water gets in on from my top when it pours in the corner and this dries up very fast . I also have spent a couple night sleeping in it and it is comfortable and insults from the cold.Installation was very easy . Zipped together and mounting was easy . The hardest part was installing the extend a bed brackets . The bed liner had the holes mark were to drill out for the brackets , but I found that the stock screws had a hard time going all the through the bed liner . I ended up using just a little longer screw . The other problem is that I had to make my bed extender a little shorter to allow the extra thickness of the liner . Took me about 45 minutes in total.Over all high quality product . Expensive but worth it . The liner also matches my Leed shell interior liner . Looks awesome .
 This is exactly what I wanted , and it fits my 2009 honda civic perfectly ! The price was also very reasonable compared to many other dashmat retailers ... some wanted as much as $ 70 , but I paid $ 36 for mine from amazon , and I am very pleased with it . The quality is great too , although it did take awhile to get here -LRB- about 2 weeks -RRB- , I am very pleased with it , and would order another one in the future .
 This dash cover is really an excellent value for the low price . But if you 're picky about the color matching the interior of your vehicle perfectly ... or if you want a precision fit and finish ... then you could be a little disappointed . I bought a caramel colored model for a 2006 Honda Civic Hybrid , and the DashMat color does n't match -LRB- or even compliment -RRB- any of the browns or tans in the vehicle . But it 's tolerable and quite usable . The fit is n't perfect either , but quite good . The quality of the materials and construction are fine .
 I called the dealership to find out how to get a transponder remote for keyless access to my 2004 pontiac montana , and he confirmed -LRB- using my vin # -RRB- that it is possible to get one , then informed me the transponder would be $ 50 and the programming would be $ 60 . I looked on amazon -LRB- as always -RRB- and found this item . For under $ 35 -LRB- price + shipping -RRB- , a little bit of phone tech support -LRB- dynamite ! -RRB- I now have a remote that would have cost me $ 110 !!
 Not too many ways to mess this up . It was duct tape . It was the wide roll that I needed . 60 yds is a nice size for the price and they had a variety of colors . I had absolutely no problems with the product , the shipping , nor the seller .
 My Mustang really needed a new cabin air filter and I tried Auto Zone and others , but they did n't have it . Amazon had it at a great price and I was able to purchase it . My old filter was very dirty and this new one made a instant difference . I bought this car used and it always had a non fresh smell even after putting in air fresheners . I di n't even know what a cabin filter was until buying this car . I am glad that I found this item at Amazon . I only wish that I had checked there first . it would have saved a lot of time and effort .
 Now that I live in Arizona , the blazing summer sun had heat radiating from my black dashboard.I ordered this DashMat in gray as a buffer and it 's working great.It is well made and a perfect fit for my Chrysler 300 . I 'm really happy I found/ordered it .
 Seldom does a product exceed my expectations , but this one did ! I changed the color on just about every plastic and vinyl part in my truck 's interior , and I could n't be more satisfied . I expected the finished product to look `` painted , '' but the pieces look as though they were manufactured in the new color ! Change a red part to blue ? No problem ! Take care to thoroughly clean the item to be dyed , apply the activator -LRB- I used 3M polyolefin spray -RRB- , and apply as you would spray paint . Light runs take care of themselves , as the product seems to be self-leveling . As such , you do n't run the risk of filing in even faint grain texture . This product makes junkyard replacements of obsolete -LRB- or expensive ! -RRB- parts look like new again ! Thanks SEM !!!
 I had to make a custom support for it to fit my rv.It works but I wish the lens was more sealed from the weather . It comes with mounting screws ... It is easy to mount . Just identify the wires , make the connections and you have a pretty good looking thing.Thank you .
 Great price ! With free shipping , less than half of what I would have paid for the same item from an automotive catalog or other website . Hopefully , I will never test the strength of this heavy-duty product.Lakewood 18000 Universal Drive Shaft Loop
 ALMOST HALF THE RETAIL PRICE HERE AT AMAZON AND FREE SHIPPING ! Bought all four for my 2006 Nissan Frontier . Truck has 90,00 miles and most of the knowledgeable guys I talked to suggested that Oxygen Sensors should be replaced at 80 to 100 thousand miles . It took about 3 hours working at a leisurely pace . If you have intermediate skills and a good set of tools , it 's a snap ! Amazon was OUTSTANDING ! as usual . Packaged right , FREE & FAST ! shipping . This purchase was just as PERFECT ! as every other I have made at Amazon over the years ! THANK YOU AMAZON FOR THE BEST SERVICE AND PRICES ON THE WEB !
 It is working as expectedand shipped as expected too . :-RRB- It match perfect with the old filter and it was very easy to change . Just be careful with the gas line pressure ...
 Fit right in my 2008 Ridgeline and for alot less than even the parts store .
 I used these rotors to replace the rear rotors in my 09 Mitsu Eclipse . They seemed heavier than the old OEM rotors but the quality difference is HUGE . The centric rotors seemed to be of a higher quality and the coating against corrosion is an added bonus for those of us who live in snowy areas . They installed without any issues and seem very sturdy , no noise at all .
 I needed new rotors , but did n't realize how bad until I replaced them with the Centrics . Love the E-Coating and the return to smooth braking .
 I did quite a bit of research prior to purchasing a locking fuel door . This is a top quality product and has all of the mounting hardware necessary for installation . You will need a small wrench due to the limited space , however , it is simple enough . You will not be disappointed in the quality and look of this door .
 This is a nice fuel door and is well made . Had a problem with a screw missig but I called the company that made it and they sent me a set of screws at no cost and had them in the mail the same day .
 Prompt delivery , product looks great , highly polished look like chrome , did n't give 5 star 's hard to install , difficult to screw rear nuts , need better instructions . Other than that great product would buy again .
 Excellent product so far . finish is excellent and went on without a hitch . Quite a robust disk set that I suspect are better than OEM from Mazda for 1/2 the price . Could be better packed though .
 I always change my own oil ... I 'm tired of cleaning up the messes ... Ca n't miss this BIG target !
 Very good product . It is strong and has very good fluids drain and good anti-splash behavior . I do miss that it should have had a top cover like some other equivalent products do .
 This drain pan works perfect for catching large volumes of liquid and has an easy pour spout as well . The picture is yellow and the description says green . It came green , I do n't care about the color but the correct picture would be a little less confusing for the color conscious shopper : -RRB-
 Good for what it is intended for , but it 's almost too big , and too shallow . Makes emptying into another container to take to the oil recyling place a little challenging . I also noticed that the cap at the end other spout does leak a little , but overall , it gets the job done . After all , it 's a pan .
 This drain pan works great . I had an old style drain pan with just a notch cut in the side of it . It was an absolute mess when trying to empty into a bigger container . I have an E350 Super Duty and it runs with 6 quarts of oil . This drain pan makes it super easy to drain the oil and to transfer to the larger container . I do n't understand how some of the others had problems with this !
 I bought this as a replacement to the same item that developed a leak in the side -LRB- after I backed over it once -RRB- . Holds 4 + gallons of used oil or whatever fluid you 're draining , and although the pouring function could be better , it does what it 's supposed to - catches my draining oil and does n't overflow .
 This drain pan is perfect for the driveway oil change in a diesel pickup . When you 're dealing with 15 + quarts , this pan is the only way to go !
 Some people may complain about spilling , but it 's an oil pan . It 's hard to design one that wo n't spill , and still have a capacity as big as this one .
 Drain pan is exactly what you would expect . No splash sides and easy to empty are the outstanding features . No complaints , it works great .
 nice product at about a 20 % savings over local retailers - solid construction - should last for years to come - recommended
 Excellent product and obviously heavy duty . Very solid and well built 12,000 lb hitch mount . Amazon picture shows what appears to be an aluminum valve cover but the text description is correct . Would highly recommend this product .
 ... it 's the correct item.Great mount - very heavy duty . This item is HEAVY , the box was pretty beat-up , it did n't hurt the mount but I feel sorry for whoever received the items the mount came in contact with during shipping!Fast shipping .
 This remote looked like the real thing , has held up well for about 6 weeks so far , and was very very easy to program .
 Item was shipped quickly , it was as described and included the instructions needed to put it right into use . Looks exactly the same as an OEM remote .
 I was n't so sure if it was going to work , but it works great and I 'm really happy . Thank you
 Ordered on Sunday night and received the product on Wed. . I ordered two remotes and programmed them in less than a minute . They are super responsive and work flawlessly . Much cheaper than going to the dealer . Highly recommend !!!!!!!!!
 As other reviews have said this is just a breeze . Great price , super easy to program just follow instructions and you 're done in a flash . Literally was done in a minute with my two year old trying to help , aka playing with the locks . Sturdy construction feels better then the OEM . Also love that there is a groove for future battery changes . Bought two one for me and one for the wife . Highly recommend .
 This remote seemed to be just as they advertised . It arrived very quickly with programming instructions , and worked just as expected .
 I ordered two as replacements for 2001 Ford Escape . They look and operate exactly like the originals that came with the product , except I think the part that attaches to a keyring is actually a more durable design -LRB- originals are lost because that part broke off , so I ca n't compare -RRB- . Programming was quick and easy for me . Great Quality .
 This remote looks exactly like the remote that came with my used 2000 Explorer . No trouble to program . I should have bought two .
 Ordered and received promptly . Followed instructions and it worked the first time . ! 999 Ford F 150 . Well pleased with purchase .
 Fast delivery and easy programming.I will recommend this company products to anyone thats needs key fobs.I ordered the wrong fob and they sent me the correct ones without any problems.I returned the wrong fob and received the correct ones fast .
 I ordered two and they are exactly what I expected . Programming took less than 5 minutes , following the simple instructions that came with them . .
 For under $ 4.00 each , how could I go wrong . I ordered three new ones a one replacement skin for my existing unit . They came with programming instructions and work flawlessly . Now we have 4 sets of keys and 4 remotes for our new to us 1999 Ford Ranger .
 Key fobs work great ! Included instructions on programming work perfect ! Was able to program both key fobs . Saved a lot of money by not having to take car into dealer , able to program right in driveway !
 It honestly took longer to read the directions then it did to activate the remotes . Buying another for the work truck .
 This remote is a great replacement for your lost or broken factory remote . I bought 2 and my Local Ford dealership -LSB- programmed them for me for free . Super convenient and an awesome price !
 new item , arrived fast . Instructions were clear but slightly inaccurate as to the number of key turns needed to program the remote ... and you also need to remove all other keys from keyring to effectively do this procedure . BUT , once the glitches were handled , product works well .
 The instructions provided were very easy to understand and I was able to program the remote to my truck in minutes !
 Very easy to program to the vehicle . The vehicle I bought did not come with a keyfob . The instruction sheet that is included worked perfectly and I had it programmed in about a minute including reading the instructions . 2004 Ford Excursion XLT The fob itself is brand new and works fine . Operated it from inside my house to the vehicle parked in the driveway . Best 3 dollars I ever spend .
 nice product , worked as said whole lot cheaper than Ford dealer . Would order again and would recommend anyone to also
 Setup of this remote was SO easy and fast it literally took my husband less than a minute to set it up ! We love having a working remote again for our truck !
 Ford wanted twice the price for this remote and my dealer has a charge for programming . This looks and functions exactly like the OEM remote . Simple instructions were provided and it took less than 1 minute to do the programming on the new remote and the old original that I had . I highly recommend this product and seller .
 Make sure you have the correct type for your car , then order without hesitation . No brainer set-up , works great . Good price -LRB- certainly beat the Ford place quote by a mile ! -RRB-
 Works just fine . Took less than a minute to program and worked right away . You can also program multiple remotes at once so this is a great buy even if you already have a remote but want a spare or if the part that attaches to the key ring broke off the remote that came with your vehicle like mine did .
 I received the keyless remote within days of the order and followed the very simple instructions and boom , I was set to go ! Great company , great instructions and great product . I recomend this site hands down .
 Great product , easy programming , it works ! the ford dealership was charging me $ 95 for the exact same remote , the guy lied to my face and told me that if I bought it online it was not going to function properly , but it did !!!
 This remote worked great for our ford Escape . However when programming be sure to program your new and old remotes at the same time . I did not realize that reprogramming results in previous remotes not working any longer . So follow the directions and be sure to have all the remotes you plan to use ready to be programmed .
 I ordered it on Friday and received on Monday . It came with easy instructions and I had it working in less than a minute . The remote works and looks just as good as the one that came with the truck .
 I bought this 2002 F150 used and it came with one key and no key fob.I got another key from a locksmith but could not afford the key fob ... over $ 60 ! I decided that I wanted a key fob and went searching for a good deal.I bought this one and was looking forward to putting it to use.The DIY instructions were easy and the key fob has worked with no issues since.Its a good buy .
 Great product . Fast delivery . Just washed it last night by accident and when I opened it there was no water inside . All I can say I great .
 shipped with instructions , had my father in law program it in less than 10 minutes . GREAT for the price . If you take it to the dealership the price is at least 100 $
 Great price and easy to set up . Best transactiion ever . I programmed it the first time from the easy to understand instructions .
 this ford three button keyless remote worked perfect on my ford f150 , I bought another one so I will have an spare one .
 I bought two of these remotes for my husbands Explorer . I initially thought that I had faulty remotes and was ready to return them when he said that he could n't get them to work , but it was operator error :-RRB- . The instructions were easy to follow and the remotes worked instantly . I 've had them for about a week and they still work . I plan on coming back to write another review when/if I have to reset them . Shipping was fast . . no problems with the seller ... great price compared to factory cost . Happy customer here !
 I ordered 3 of these as replacements for the one my wife got with her Ford Escape . They were delivered quickly and instructions were clear . I was able to program all remotes successfully in less than a minute . I would not hesitate to re-order if I ever needed new ones . They look and operate just as the factory remotes . The dealer wanted over $ 60 per remote , these cost less than $ 15 for 3 shipped . Great value and a great product .
 I order this fab from amazon , because my moms was lost . I first went to the dealer and they were asking $ 70.00 for a fab and $ 50.00 to program it . So I started to do some web searching and found the fab on amazon for $ 2.95 and the instructions on how to program it for free . I safe my mom a lot of money :-RRB- thanks Amazon , ill recommend it to everyone : -RRB-
 Great deal ! Order came fast , much cheaper than buying from the dealer . Easy to program , just had to do a quick search for the instructions .
 For $ 3.32 , I assumed I was only getting the shell to replace a broken remote . Much to my amazement , the electronics was also included ! The dealer charges $ 60 .
 This is exactly what I needed . Works great and not hard to program . I recommend this product for anyone . Again , you can not lose when you need a key less entry .
 ANYONE can do the programming with this remote to their vehicle . It 's very very simple . I 've only had it one day so I ca n't comment on durability but it 's in the same shape as the original remote and works the same . I give this an A + so far . Well worth it .
 2ND TIME AROUND - GREAT PRODUCT !! NO ISSUES.FAST , COULDNT HAVE BEEN MORE PLEASED!INSTRUCTIONS ARE PERFECT.CANNOT TELL THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THIS AND THE ORIGINAL ONE .
 Getting straight to the point , this keyless remote worked perfectly for a 2003 Ford Escape . The instructions were very clear and simple and it was programmed within a few minutes . My only gripe is that it does n't come with a tether/lanyard/chain or anything to attach it to a key ring ... but regardless , it 's a great product and worth the money if you need this type of remote . Oh and by the way , I 've been using it for about 3 months now !
 I bought two of these remotes . One to replace my broken one and one for my wife . They arrived earlier than expected and programming them was a snap . Five star quality in my opinion .
 Same remote as factory . I called 800 number for assistance programming my new remote . I had my remote programmed in minutes . Excellent product and fantastic customer service .
 Product was delivered quickly with instructions that made programing a snap . I purchased 2 and had both of them programed in under 30 mseconds . Big savings from what the dealer charges for product and programing .
 Great product . Works just as described . The keyless remote arrived promptly . Included with the remote was easy to understand programming instructions . I will be buying another remote to have as a back up .
 It is worth the money you pay for it . when i had ordered it it did not take it long to get to my house i think it was like 3 to 5 days . When i got it it come with everything to program it and it was easy to read and to program it i will buy again if i ever need another one .
 Just received the fob and had it programed within a minute . Easy to follow instructions to which the only problem was I forgot to reprogram the original fob , so I had to do it twice . No big deal though . Ca n't say anything yet on the quality although it appears to be nearly as good as the original .
 Purchased this item after not having my OEM functioning for several months . I finally searched and purchased , hassle free configuration , works like a charm.Definitely a product worth the price and definitely beats paying the dealership 100 $
 I was told you could only get these from a dealership , which makes me glad I never listen to what sales people say and always look on amazon . I was a little skeptical buying them since the price is so low but I have been using the same one for over a year now and it 's still working . It was easy to program and I 'm so glad I did n't listen to the jackass at the ford dealership .
 Good product , looks just like the original remote I got with the car and easy to program . Works great . Yes I would recommend it .
 I bought this product it came with instruction on how to program it . It was very simple not complicated at all . Within minutes I had my remote for truck . For the money its a great investment .
 Programming was easy and they work fine . A lot cheaper and look and work the same as the originals do .
 This key fob was extremely easy to program/synchronize with my vehicle . Having a second set of keys + fob is quite a relief and provides peace of mind for the unfortunate situation of locking one 's keys inside or loosing them .
 I am very happy with this product , espically for the price . I would recommend it to anybody . Very good quality .
 Once I received this product I programmed it right away . Easy and fast less than 2minutes . It 's very light weight .
 I would not hesitate to purchase keyless remotes from this seller again . Product and instructions were perfect . It took a couple of trys but I was cautioned about that in the instruction material .
 Best deal on the net . Dealer was going to charge $ 60 for very same product and programming was a breeze ! Would HIGHLY recommend .
 I m very happy to get this three button remote control . It is very simple to program for my 2000 's F150 truck . Fast shipping and affordable for a replacement of lost one . Thanks .
 This review will take longer to type than it took me to actually program the new key fob ! The instructions provided are very easy and straight forward . Programed this key fob for an 2003 Ford Explorer Sport , V6 . Great product and a lot less then any `` Stealership '' would charge .
 My GF claims she has n't had remotes for her Escape for years . After only a short period of time driving her car , and having to turn the key to lock/unlock the doors I had to remedy this situation ! Checking with the dealership was highway robbery ! I ordered 2 of these remotes through Amazon and once I received them , had them programmed and working in as little as about 3 minutes -LRB- seriously -RRB- . The instructions are simple and easy to understand ! Do n't let the dealerships tell you that they need to `` program '' your key-fob for you . Anyone can do it ! It 's REALLY simple and these were well worth the money !!!!! 5 stars does not do this justice . I give it 10 STARS !!!! I will not have to use the key in the door again !! LOL
 My husband called the Ford dealership and they were going to charge him $ 50 for a key less remote but he bought this one off Amazon and it was just as good and saved us money that we could definitely use and needed . My husband googled how to program it and did it himself !
 I bought this and it was super easy to set up , i then told my mom about how awesome they are , so she bought some . now after i properly set it up for her vehicle , it will lock and unlock both her and my trucks at the same time , even though my truck was off and not in programming mode when i set hers up
 Ford p/u keyless door opener.Shipped fast . Price was good . It wasto easy to program . Came with instructions . Like it very much . Thank you very much .
 The value for these remotes is outstanding . I bought four remotes and they all came with the batteries installed and functioning . I had no problem programming them to my vehicle with the instructions included in the package . If I had anything to say negatively about the purchase would be that the shipping charges were too high .
 Works great easy to program great price very happy with the whole experience I think I will get another one just as a spare
 Having had my keyless remote break , it was great to find a replacement for such a low price . I recommend this .
 This was a good item for the money ! it was verry easy to program to my vehicle . looks like OEM equipment .
 I ordered two . They were perfect -- they even had batteries installed . Unbelievabley inexpensive !!! The instructions were complete and worked the first time . I recommend them to anyone .
 Went to Auto Zone they wanted 50 bucks and days to order . So I went on line and viola cheep but works perfectly.LC
 Very satisfied with this product , I 'm not sure about the quality of it as far as how long it 'll last only the time will tell , but so far so good .
 I ordered two of these and the programming was easy - the quality is OEM ! Last year I went to a Ford dealer and bought the same item -LRB- just one -RRB- - they charged me $ 40 + and then wanted to charge me for a Ford Certified Tech to program it -LRB- another 40 + -RRB- but the old guy that worked at the dealership that directs cars in into the garage bay said he would do it for free so it just cost me $ 40 . No wonder nobody goes to dealers unless forced to - - kicking and screaming !
 I bought this item after I lost my key chain/FOB . This product was easy to order and was shipped promptly .
 The remote is arrived in a nice padded package with instructions , easy to program and use ... what else could you want . It 's a great replacement for those worn out units .
 This FOB was easy to program with the included instructions it took less than one minute.I bought two of them and could not be happier . Items came USPS took about a week to arrive .
 Shipping was fast and product arrived as described . They programmed just like the instructions said and look like great . 5 button worked great with the side doors and the three button works as well for just the locks .
 The original remote broke the key ring off . This was brand new and pristine ! The instructions to program it were clear and simple . It is hard to believe that the dealer wanted almost $ 150 .
 I bought this for my Ford truck , dealer wanted a couple hundred bucks for a replacement and then the programming charge . What a sucker I would 've been if I fell for that . I got it within two days and instructions , easy-to-follow works awesome I saved literally hundreds of dollars . It took me about five minutes to program both remotes . Very good deal !
 EXCELLENT !! This works as advertised , and the instructions that come with the product were simple and to the point . Bought two for less than HALF of what one costs from the dealer !! Would recommed to those needing new/replacement remotes , no hesitation .
 What can I say , A brand new Ford OEM remote for less than $ 10 and that included S&H . I ordered it late on a monday night and wednesday morning it arrived . Took less than a minute to program it to my 2002 F-150 . And my local Ford dealership wanted $ 30 for the same thing 5 stars ya ` ll
 My husband bought this to replace the one he lost that came with the car . The dealer wanted $ 80 for a new remote and this one works just as well for way less money !
 Took 4 days to receive . instructions written very easy to understand . after programming it worked flawlessly for my 1998 mercury mountaineer
 The remote appears to be identical to my '09 F-150 Ford factory remote . I had it programed in less than a minute . Instructions could n't be easier to follow . Great purchase .
 Great value , so ironic how easy it is to do.Thereis no reason to pay dealerships to rip you off!It takes a little patience to get timing correctwhen setting but truly is easy .
 The Three button keyless remote is perfect . It was so super easy to set up and the price was amazing . Highly recommend .
 Ordered two keyless remotes for my 2003 Ford . Delivery was quick . Programming was a breeze . And so much more affordable than buying from the dealership . Would definitely purchase again .
 I bought a used Explorer without the ` clicker ' , and needed one . I got three for less than half of what one cost at the Ford store . As far as I can tell , they 're the same . Look the same and work the same . I 'd not look elsewhere , 'cause the price on Amazon was was even better than I could find on eBay , and I did n't get stuck paying high postage either . Thanks .
 Worked exactly as it should . Because this is a security oriented device , the steps to set it up for your car need to be followed per the instructions . I should note that this supplier seemed very interested in insuring the customer would be happy with their product and service .
 I just received and programmed my remote . Got online and got instructions and had it programmed in less than 2 min . ! Tip for ordering
 I ordered the 3 button fob for my 1998 Ford Expedition and I received it in the mail within 3 days . It took me less than 2 minutes to program and it works great ! Selection was made easy with the chart guide so I was able to choose the right key fob for my make and model . These guys are the best .
 i bought this on amazon after a remote died for my 2007 ford f-150 ... right out of the package which arrived very quickly i was able to go to the truck , follow the instructions provided and programmed the remote on the first try ... as the instructions tell you , you have to program all the remotes at the same time and it worked flawlessly ... good product , easy to program , good instructions , and now i have the extra remote and set of keys to the truck that i needed ...
 You will be happy to hear that I ordered these a long time ago for my truck and im still using the same one today that I started with and the other is still sitting in a drawer in case I lose my main key set . . I have never changed the battery or anything in either of them . I dont know what it costs now , but I paid like 10 bucks each for them and thats crazy cheap . . It looks , feels and acts just like OEM . Very nice ! On a side note , I cant believe Amazon is still wanting me to do a review for something I bought a couple years ago ! Ok , my job is done here .
 Excellent product easy to follow instructions , much cheaper than a dealership would highly recommend to anyone.I would not change anything with this product
 Item was inexpensive and easy to program works great . Took less than a minute to program . Sure beats paying dealer prices !
 I was told by my Ford dealer it would be $ 75 for this . I was afraid it would be hard to program . The instructions made it easy and now I have 2 programed remotes .
 Great price . Easy to program . Worked perfectly for our 2005 Ford Escape and Econoline 150 . We lost a key and this replacement worked pefectly .
 I was skeptical about this based on what the dealers charge to do the same thing . But within 5 minutes of opening the package I had 2 new key fob remotes working like a champ on a 1999 Ford Expedition . Instructions were included and were very clear . Programming was successful on the first try .
 It was easy it took 2 minute to program thank you im deff gunna by another one and for anyone with a lincoln town car signature series this will for sure work thats what i have and it works perfect !
 Hello , I have a 2002 ford f150 and this remote works great ! Highly recommend it , make sure you read the directions and follow them EXACTLY before you get frustrated like I did .
 I have a 2008 F-150 . This key fob looks acts and programs just like the OEM part . This one seems to work on all 20 model Fords . Why mess with perfection .
 I was very impressed with the promptness I received my remote . Programming and use is easy and flawless . If you need a remote for your vehicle , come to these guys !
 Why pay high prices to the dealer when you can buy one of these and do it yourself?This works great and programming it is easy to do if you read the instructions .
 Works great . Easy to set up . Great to have easy access to vehicle . Highly recommend this item as a replacement or a spare .
 Great remote , easy programming , thanks to the little literature , really do n't need anything complicated to program , works like a charm , recommend highly .
 This item is great ! It works just like the video says , and I had it programmed in 30 seconds ! It 's also a great way to stick it to the guys at the dealership who want to charge $ 75-100 to replace a lost or broken one . Pretty cool !
 Very clearly stated instructions for programming it . I had no problems what so ever . A great deal , I will probably order a couple more .
 very good product including the program steps , work perfect thank you i will use this guys in the future for any keylees , perfect buy
 the instruction I got with this product along with product was very helpful if I ever need another key I well get it from keyless discount .
 The key fob works perfect for 2007 Ford f150 ! Locks and unlocks best from front of truck but works well close . Simple instructions on activating alone . Very pleased .
 I was skeptical because I 've had problems linking keys and key fobs in the past with my car . But this worked flawlessly . Linked it up in seconds , and it works great . Seems solid .
 Fantastic part . Ford wanted $ 58 for this part . It shipped fast and was super easy to sync up with my vehicle .
 I am pleased with my fobs . The instructions were easy to follow and i was able to program them in a couple of minutes .
 Just recieved them today so I do not have a long term rating , but the price and ease of progarmnig is unbelivable . You can not buy the batteries for the price of these . They appear to be the same as original and took less than 5 minutes to read the instructions and program two units . Easy to follow instructions . If they last , great find !
 Easy instructions worked first time . Would have given 5 stars if the battery did n't die out a couple weeks after I programmed it . Otherwise it wored great .
 Once again Amazon comes though for the place to shop online!Item worked just fine , programmed it with-in seconds !!! Why pay dealer pricing , just shop here , get it shipped to your door , and follow the easy instructions ! Same instructions I found in the manual too . Too easy !
 As described easy directions Will do business with these guys again . Shipped very quickly , no problems , nice to trust a good company
 Arrived in a timely fashion . This is the 3rd remote that I 've purchased to replace the original . I hope this one lasts longer than the others .
 I bought a used car and it only came with one key and remote entry fob . Worried that my teenage son might lose the key I immediately went to the dealer for another set . $ 180 and 2 hours later -LRB- with the drive -RRB- we each had a set but still no spare . Bought two keys and two remote entry remotes from Amazon for a fraction of what the dealer charged . For this price definitely buy and extra.Programming was a piece of cake !
 ProsA quarter of the dealerships priceLooks exactly like the one from the factorySimple instrutions to program the remoteCon not think of any cons for device
 This came with instructions , and was very very simple to program the vehicle to work with this on my own . It 's just like the original , not much more I can say about this .
 Functions and looks as factory new . Good instructions included , programmed the new remote along with the current one on the first try .
 I love these . I ordered 6 so I could have 4 for each car -LRB- I had 2 , it turns out Ford only supports 4 fobs per car -RRB- . In the end I programmed 4 of them to open both cars -LRB- 2004 Freestar and 2002 F250 -RRB- , which was even better .
 This remote came in great condition . The only problem I had was that the battery was dead on delivery , but with a quick switch out with batteries , it worked great ! I would recommend this to anyone in need of a new remote for their Ford . The buttons are firm , but easy to press . My last remote , the buttons were soft and got stuck under the plastic frame of the remote ... not so good . The rage of this remote is also another plus . : -RRB-
 The instructions were great this sacs me a lot of money thank you so much I have no complaints at all exactly what I ordered !
 The plastic ring portion of my truck 's fob broke and I was searching for a quality replacement . Found this product and was very pleased with the low price and excellent quality . Took less than a minute to program and works like a new OEM replacement .
 You ca n't tell the difference between these and the factory remotes . They are identical to the original versions and I would recommend these to anyone looking for new remotes .
 very easy to activate.it is always nice to have a spare.bought my truck used and had only one.thanks a lot
 I had no idea if this thing would even work , but for the price , I thought I 'd take a chance . When I got it , it looked and felt like the original , and was incredibly easy to program -LRB- less than 30 seconds -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this .
 Already had a battery installed and programming to the truck was very easy . It works perfectly and I am very satisfied with this purchase !
 Arrived on time and took about 2 minutes to get working on my 1999 F-250 . Had a little gap at the top where the keyring fits and where both halves of the fob came together at the seam .
 I bought 2 of these key fobs and they work great , and was easy to program . and for the price they came with the batterys .
 I purchased an 9 year old second car and understandably the entry remote did not work . I figured just a bad battery and replaced it , however it still did not work , so I decided to replace the whole unit.I called FORD and they wanted $ 75.00 to replace and code.I went ON-Line , and seen that I could buy the unit w/postage for less than $ 10.00 w/coding instructions.I read the reviews they all said the same thing , Good unit and easy coding.I had quick delivery and coding took less than -LRB- NO B.S. -RRB- 90 seconds . Sonny
 I purchased this product thinking it would solve my problem of my doors not locking and unlocking after a battery change in the original . . no ! it did just what is was supposed to do . and programming was a breeze !! ... BUT !! my problem was in the door actuator ... i will still give this product a 5 star rating ...
 I went to the Ford place and it was gon na cost me alot of money for one of these until my friend said look on Amazon and I found this one and I ordered it and I got it . The directions were easy to read took me 20 seconds to install and I love it ... . Soo happy : -RRB-
 Great price . Much cheaper than going to dealership . Remote works great . It took no time to program . I would definately recommend this product to anyone .
 Works great . Had to clock the ignition faster than expected , took me a couple try 's . I should have gotten four of them . When you set the new ones up it deletes the old ones from the vehicles memory . I just chucked them in the trash , they were on their last legs any way .
 I received this product on the day specified , no problems thereIt did indeed take less than a minute to set up , no problemMy problem is that it only unlocks , it does not lock my '99 Ford Explorer Eddie Bauer Edition . When I press the lock button the horn beeps for a second , but again ; does not lock , I 'll be reprogramming it a few more times but odds are I 'm stuck with it the way it is now , still a good buy though , I like it
 TheFord Three Button Keyless Romote was exactly how it was described in the description . The programing took less than 5 minutes and I could n't be happier with not using my key to lock the doors every time . I would definitley do business with them again .
 Ford three button keyless remote controlThe units are working fine , took me less than 5 minutes to program . I have recomended the products to two other people
 This remote worked perfect and if you need one you should tatally buy this one!i If you buy it at the dealer you will pay three times this price .
 Great service from these guys . Glad I did n't pay what the dealer wants for one of these . Glad there is someone out there that provides great amd fast service for keyless entry 's .
 Have a 02 ' F-150 with power windows and locks but no key fob . Found this for &#60; $ 4 . It came with easy to follow instructions . Works just as I had hoped , I just wished I had bought two .
 I purchased this for an 02 Expedition . It arrived 2 days after I ordered , I followed the instructions , & it was operational in less than a minute . The range is not as far as a factory fob , but I 'm more than pleased with this purchase , especially for $ 8 -LRB- including shipping . -RRB-
 Ford wanted $ 50 for the part , $ 30 for &#34; programming &#34; . I paid about $ 8 with shipping , and it took , totally literally , less than 15 seconds to program , instructions came with it . Simple .
 I purchased two of these for a 2002 Ford Explorer . They arrived quickly . It literally took less than 20 seconds to set up both remotes . A few people complained about the range on these , but I was able to unlock from over 10 feet away easily . I have not tried any farther , but honestly why would you need to ?
 I bought this for a Ford 1998 Expedition and I seriously thought it was going to be a hassle to program this remote , but it was so simple ! It literally takes less than 20 seconds to program and it works flawlessly ! I will definitely be buying more of these !
 Works as described ... much better than paying the high dollars the dealer wanted . Would purchase again . The instructions were spot on .
 This key fob was very easy to program and is very easy to use . The only problem I 've had so far is the buttons can be hard to push until the remote is broken in . Very nice product worth the money and beats spending hundreds on new key fobs from Ford .
 The keyless remotes were mailed and received quickly . The directions were specific and easy to follow . I bought three and all work properly .
 I bought this to replace the worn factory fob on my 00 ' Explorer . Looks just like the original , works better , programmed in under a minute . Five stars !
 Ordered remotes on line . Received in 4 days . Programmed 2 in less than 5 minutes . So easy . Thanks for the great product and service .
 Worked great on my 2001 f150 . Make sure you do your research . Order the correct remote for your specific year model . I recommend this product if you want to save a lot of money . Forget going to the ford dealer .
 I needed an additional keyless fob for my 2007 F150 , and this did the trick . Instructions were super easy and worked exactly as described . Thank you !!
 This is a great product and at a great price , too ! I received it with a battery already in it and very clear instructions on how to program it to my truck . I followed the instructions and was done in less than a minute -LRB- seriously ! -RRB- . I would absolutely recommend this to anyone .
 Was looking for a new remote to replace the old and worn one I had for my 2000 Ford Ranger XLT 2WD , V-6 4.0 L. Price was right and I bought two . Received the devices through USPS within the promised timeframe . The instructions were easy enough to follow and I verified them on several blogs just to make sure . I had difficulty trying to get to the program mode on the truck , but is was not due to the instructions but to my personal inability to move the key in the ignition fast enough . Once I had verified all the instructions and re-read them several times , it was a matter of concentrating and moving the key within the correct time allotted . The truck went into program mode and I was able to program the two new remotes and the old remote in less than a minute . Everything was as advertised . I am truly happy with the value I received .
 key fobs were exactly as promised and were very easy to set up with the instructions that were provided . I bought two for less than half of what the dealer wanted for one.I recommend this company 100 % Ford Three Button Keyless Remote
 My wife said it was the best gift anyone could get . When you get use to using a remote and it breaks , it 's a hassle . Great price , same quality as original , easy to program , saved $ 50 bucks over going to the dealer .
 Ordered key and key fob replacement for my Ford F 150 - price was 5 % of Ford dealer cost ! Dealer programmed key and fob with no issues .
 A great addition to my recently purchased 2004 Ford Excursion . Now I have two full sets of keys and working remotes .
 Works great . Easy to program . tokk only a couple of minutes . Looks exactly like original with a much better price tag than offered by the dealers . Thank you
 purchased to replace the wifes broken and worn out graphics on the buttons , original fobeasy instructions to follow for programming.works perfectly , distance could be farther but not a dealbreaker.the 2nd is still sitting in the pouch if ever needed.i would not hesitate to purchase for my vehicle if needed .
 Only because there is something wrong with my truck , i give it 5 stars because it has a good build and im sure it will work when i find out whats wrong with my truck
 great product easy to program . had no problems with this product , would recommend this company to my friends 7 family
 this was great for my 2002 ford explorer.it was perfect and very easy to install , i only ended up having the car for 5 months but it worked perfect and never had a problem with it the hole time.thank you !
 Just set-up my new keyless entry . The plastic loops broke on my OEM key fob , so I bought a new one . Set-up directions were included and it took less than thirty seconds .
 May have to play around with the instructions to get it to work . Took my wife doing them backwards in order for it to work . Works great now though .
 Fast shipping , low price , great product . I was worried about range because other people have said you have to be right next to the truck for it to work . I am pleased to say I can be sitting in my brick house 100 ' away from my truck and still use the remote .
 At this price , I bought two and so far both work better than the original one did after 12 years .
 It works like the original controller except that the range is much shorter than the original controller . But , it is much much cheaper
 It works good for the most part . I have to push its a few times bf it work but it does work .
 It works , its simple and does what it is supposed to for me . I would recommend to you for purchase . I got this for $ 10 .
 This was to replace my broken fobs on my ford it came exactly as shown in the picture was delivered ahead of schedule and was the easiest fob I have ever had to program . Works terrific !
 soooo easy to set up ! their instructions were step by step and impossible to become confused . VERY GOOD REMOTE ! it took me maybe 15 seconds to set up 2 remotes!i definitely recommend this to others looking to replace their broken or lost remotes !
 Very affordable piece that looked just like my original . Directions were a little vague , but a YouTube video helped a lot .
 Got two new remotes for my 2000 F-150 , and had them programmed and working like a charm in less time than it takes to tell about it ! I would definitely recommend this vendor to anyone !
 thank you for the very prompt shipment . Ordered on Monday received on Friday.Programing took 4 trys , it is all a matrter of timing , Very pleased and the price is right . I received two remotes for 1/2 Ace Hardware wanted for just one .
 thus product worked great it was aot cheaper than going to the deaer or the auto parts store to get it even having to wait for it to be shipped to me .
 I bought this to replace the missing key fobs for my 2001 F-250 XLT it worked perfectly and it was extremely easy to program it to the truck
 I ordered 2 remote key fobs for a 2004 Ford F250 that I recently purchased that did not come with the fobs . I order them 8 days ago -LRB- Dec 12 -RRB- and just received them today -LRB- Dec 20 -RRB- . Shipping was a little slow but what can you expect around the holidays . Programming the 2 remotes took me all of about a minute total . They work flawlessly . 5 's all around for this seller and product .
 The item was shipped promptly and included programming instructions . The programming of the remote took approximately two minutes . Works great . Would buy again .
 I bought this with pretty low expectations , the fact that is worked within seconds was impressive especially since its far far cheaper than getting it from a dealer .
 I am so glad I searched this product and made the purchase . I thought it would cost a lot more than it did . The remote is exactly like the factory one that came with the truck . Now I can lock/unlock with the push of a button and I love the convenience . A + purchase all the way around ! Highly recommend this product for price , value and ease of use .
 Remotes were received very quickly . Progamming takes only a minute , literally . The best part is that they were a fraction of what a dealer would want for one .
 It took me no more than 1 minute to program two of these to my truck . The instructions were very helpful and I had no issues with the product so far .
 Received the remote quickly and had it programmed to work with my F250 within 10 min . after opening the box .
 I 've been without a remote for my ford going on 3 years now . It was killing me having to open the trunk hatch first , then pressing the unlock button to open the other doors . Everywhere I went wanted $ 50-80 bucks to program a remote , but when I came across this I was bit skeptical , but went ahead and ordered it . The delivery was set for the Jan 7th but it arrived earlier than expected on the 4th . The directions are simple and easy to follow , so I had this baby up and running within 30 seconds . It feels so had to not have to deal with the hassle of opening through the trunk anymore . = -RSB-
 Product was just as expected . I 'm typing more only because I 'm now required to type five more words ... counting ... down . .
 I was delighted to find out that you could purchase remote control `` clickers '' without having to go through a dealership . When I bought my used Ford F150 I was not given the remote door key fob that usually comes with a vehicle . I found this very unhandy and decided to check the Ford website to see if I could get a replacement . To my surprise , I was glad to find out that you did not have to get them through a dealership and that you could program them yourself . All this could be done for just a fraction of what it would cost going through your local dealership . I am glad Amazon.com had a listing for replacement remote controls for vehicles . Thank you Amazon ! My remotes work great !
 When I bought my truck it did not come with the remote . I was afraid that I would have to spend a lot of money to get one right from Ford . After reading some reviews on this item I decided to take a chance on it . To my surprise it works wonderfully . It only took a few second to program it with the instructions on the website . It saved me a bundle and I could n't be more happy with it.If you are thinking of getting one of these then do n't hesitate . They are well worth the money .
 This key fob is the exact replacement for our Ford Excursion . Thanks to quick shipping and a handy teen , we now have a working key fob again . Excellent product ! Works from a good distance away -LRB- such as inside and upstairs at night to save us from running out in the cold to lock up the truck ! -RRB-
 Great product and was easy to use and easy to program . I would recommend this item to everyone . The battery was installed backwards , maybe for shipping purposes . However once I installed it correctly the remote programed easily and is a great value .
 i found that this product worked great on my car , and it really helped me out because my remote stopped working . the product arrived on time . i am very satisfied ...
 Product worked as expected . Has OEM feel and look . Quick and easy to program by following included instructions . Just keep in mind that if you are programming more than one - you must program all remotes at the same time . You can not program them individually .
 This product works great , the programming instructions included are accurate and easy to follow.I just followed the instructions for the F150 pickup truck to program the E150 Econoline van . Too easy .
 Component Arrived in an envelope with instructions.The case is OK some minor blemishes in the plastic mold.The diaphragm buttons fit with the plastic case is OK.Comes with a battery that is worth more than what I payed for the entire thing.The instructions where clear and easy to understand.Programming my truck took only about two minutes.I have been using the product now for about a week and have no complaints .
 It was easy to program following intructions included and works great . I will recommend everybody needing one to buy it .
 WORKS GREAT still using and will keep using . So far so good . WORKS GREAT still using and will keep using . So far so good .
 Decided to try this after getting quotes of over $ 100 for a replacement , read all the good reviews & figured it was worth the shot . WELL WORTH IT ! Mine came earlier than expected , worked exactly as promised , & was ridiculously easy to program . Honestly was the easiest thing I did all day ! I am SO happy I didnt take a dealers word for it & would recommend this company & product to anyone . I 've already been spreading the word around my office & facebook since so many people need these & begrudgingly pay the overpriced quotes from elsewhere . THANK YOU guys !
 worked as advertised and was easy to program . step by step directions where easy to follow . very pleased with this product .
 Works great . Took about 2 minutes from the time I opened the box & read the instructions , til I had it programmed to my truck .
 Worked great and easy to configure . Good price and quality of product . Very fast shipping ! I recommend this product to anyone ! Great purchase !
 Great value ! Took 30 seconds to program , battery was good , and works flawlessly . Would definitely recommend this product to anyone !!
 Easy to program to truck , took about 3 mins including reading the instructions on how to do it .2007 Ford F150 .
 Ordered first remote for my boyfriends truck he bought used . It was perfect , programmed in seconds and have had no problems . Second remote I ordered was for my own truck , programmed quickly , however battery must be almost dead . It only works when you are close to the truck and very rarely works twice in a short amount of time . I cant complain though , I mean look what I paid ! I think I can afford a battery for it . Very satisfied .
 The cost was SUPER GREAT cause the Ford dealer wanted $ 45.00 to make a new one . The instructions was very simple got it on the first time .
 Item arrive as described with detailed instructions on programming the device . It works great and looks like the original device . Much better than going to FORD and getting ripped off for a much higher price .
 Highly recommend ! I knew mine was bad before I replaced it , but the new one works slick and it was so easy to program ! I was going to order two and only did one because I wanted to see how it would work . So worth the money !
 This product works exactly as described . I bought my F250 7.3 L used , and I never thought I would get a second key fob affordably . I decided that for the price this was worth the gamble . I could n't be more pleased . I wish now that I had bought 2 .
 Looks just like the original , works great , fraction of the price of the Ford dealer ! I 'm very satisfied with the purchase .
 I bought two remotes and they both work great . The Ford Company wanted over $ 50 for one . I was n't sure how well these would work since the price was so low , but we 've had absolutely no problems . The only issue was I had to program one of them twice .
 Shipped quickly and package included very simple instructions to program the remote . I had it programmed in less than a minute . In the event I had a problem programing the seller even included a telephone number to call for assistance , but it was not necessary . If you need a replacement remote look no further .
 I was a bit Leary about this due to the low price . Boy was I wrong ! Not only did it arrive quickly but it came with easily understandable instructions . I had it programmed in less than a minute and it has worked like a charm .
 Looks perfect and works farther away than the oem remote I had . This was very easy to program with my 2001 F-150 . Im so glad to have another remote now !! Ford wanted way too much for same thing.Great purchase ! May buy another to have as a backup ...
 East set-up and works great . Setup took about 30 seconds and had no problems at all . Highly recommended and cheap !
 Nice product fairly east to install with truck wiring harness allready in place , not plug n play , but not to difficult on 99 f250
 I 'm not a racer , but got the traction bars because my pickup , even with sandbags , is a little light in the tail . Plan to only use them when the snow tires are on , seasonally.Good price , good quality , easy install.these list for over $ 80 + @ autoparts or spped shops
 The arm is of a good quality but you only get one and you will need two . This is not claer in the description and had I known I would have bought a pair elsewhere for less cash .
 SPC is one of the best products you can buy to correct toe and camber for the G35 or 350Z . This set corrected the toe and camber of my car and brought it back within factory specs . I do n't have to worry about eating up my tires now because of this . I highly recommend SPC !
 I 'd been having CEL -LRB- check engine light -RRB- issues on my 2001 Audi A4 -LRB- at 186k miles -RRB- for a couple years . At first I replaced the ` cheap ' stuff . . oxygen sensors , MAF sensor , etc. . Usually the CEL would return within a few days or a week . Finally I realized the P0420 code meant I had to replace the catalytic converter . I called my trusted mechanic and got a quote from him . He said it would cost about $ 400 plus labor . And that was for some no-name unit that he randomly selected . Well , I had read that not all catalytic converters are created equal . You need to look for one with the biggest internal volume , and that will usually be the one with the best warranty.I shopped around for a few days and came across the Walker unit . I read a few good reviews on various car forums , and decided to go for it . My mechanic has no problem installing user-supplied parts , so I dropped the car and converter off and had him do his thing . When I picked it up , he said the converter went on with no problems at all and seemed really well built compared to others he 's installed . When I told him I saved $ 150 by buying it on Amazon , he started taking notes.It 's now been a year since it was installed and I have had zero CELs -LRB- at 198k miles now -RRB- ! I will highly recommend this unit to anyone .
 This muffler is amazing , and sounds amazing ...
 I looked up the part number in the ARP catalog for the header bolts I needed for my big block Chevy . I was a little concerned when I found the part number on Amazon for those bolts and saw a picture and description saying head studs and bolts . So I went back to the catalog and looked . Then I looked again . Eventually , I decided to just order them . Sure enough , they 're stainless header bolts . I submitted the product feedback a few months ago , but the description is still wrong , so whatever.I prefer the 6-point header bolts like these , as I can get an open-end wrench on them -LRB- unlike 12-point bolts which I prefer pretty much in all other situations . Because these are reduced heads , you can actually get a box end on them in just about all cases . But I still went with 6-point for that extra insurance.Anyway , you ca n't beat ARP bolts . They 're pretty -LRB- especially the stainless -RRB- , well-made , precise , and near indestructible compared to hardware store stuff . There 's no reason to run anything else .
 What I hoped for and more , nicely made and finished . Fit the 2 inch head pipe perfectly , really like the Supertrapp adjustable configuration baffles . These replaced other after market mufflers and made my 1985 Vmax a pleasure to ride again , a lot less noise and still real decent performance .
 This is the rear converter on the 1997 Subaru outback 2.5 L engine . The fit and finish look good , although perhaps not as good as the Subaru part . The placement of the O2 sensor is slightly forward compared to the OEM part and I had to &#34; modify &#34; -LRB- i.e. cut -RRB- my exhaust shield slightly to make it fit . See my review on the other Walker components for the '97 subaru outback for more details if you are replacing other parts of your exhaust .
 The original cover was pretty well shot , so I cut an extra layer of foam for the seat bottom and tapered the edges , pulled this cover on tight and it looks like it was made for it ! Good heavy duty fabric seems to be holding up extremely well ! Made my seat look like NEW for a fraction of the cost of other options !!! Very happy with purchase .
 Out Golden Retriever loves to ride in our Mule with us , but he had gouged the seats over the years . I went to the dealer for some seat covers but just could not handle the $ 160 they wanted to cover my seat . I took a chance on this set as I did not know if they would hold up but I have not regretted this purchase . The covers are easy to install and so far are very durable . The only con is that they do not fit really tight as there are some small wrinkles but that has not been any problem . Great value .
 Bolted right in and truck starts every time now . Friendly price and lifetime warranty for Bosch quality makes this starter a winner .
 Took out the old starter and put the Bosch starter in the same place . No shimming or adjusting . Wires setup the same as old starter . Could not have been easier . Shipping was very fast too . My Amazon account took about 15 seconds to order and finalize .
 This Ford publication gives a facinating insight into the technical developement of the 1936 Ford V8 from its predecessor of 1935 . It is not so much meant as an owner 's manual but an instuction manual for the Ford salesmen of the era to give them a very technical appreciation of the product that they were to sell .
 I got this as a gift and was completely satisfied . The material is nice , durable , nothing wrong with received package . It was a little difficult to get on the steering wheel , but no big deal . I would recommend this to anyone who likes Spiderman and wants to decorate their car !
 It is great . My son is a Marvel collector and geek he loved it . He now has the cover to go wth his Marvel car mats .
 The Chevy hitch cover is sold metal , feels like it weighs close to 5lbs . This is a lot sturdier than I expected . It looks great , and definitely gets some looks in the parking lot .
 Purchased the Wagner BriteLite 7 '' sealed beam lamps to replace tired halogens on my 70 's muscle car . These lamps transformed night driving , providing a wider beam with whiter and brighter light . An unexpected side benefit was the lower current draw which increased dash lighting substantially . Tremendous product . Highly recommend .
 Great little invention , really helps with dust , pollen and allergies ! Perfect for campervans and RVs , works as expected directly off of 12 volts . Comes with an ingenious and well-built dashboard mount.This unit is unlike your large home ultrasonic humidifier . It is well engineered using a wick rather than vacuum suspension , so it solves the problems associated with running a gravity-fed humidifier in your RV . Extreme temperatures and elevation changes in a vehicle can cause the water reservoir vacuum to change thereby filling the pool too full . Also , tipping the humidifier over causes the pool contents to spill out.This design is not gravity fed , so the thermal expansion and spillage from tipovers is not a problem . Works at any inclination you are likely to park at.It is however more complex than home-based ultrasonic humidifiers . You have to pre-soak the wick -LRB- `` filter '' -RRB- before installing it , and the device will not work without the wick . Initially you may need to shake it or run it horizontally to get water to flow up the wick . The package includes 5 -LRB- five -RRB- wicks , enough for 5 years of usage . These wicks supposedly double as bacteria filters so you are not aerosolizing harmful waterborne nasties , probably a good feature . In addition , the device has an anti-mineral filter for softening your water thereby preventing calcium precipitate from aerosolizing . The wick ingeniously inserts down inside the ion-exchange canister -LRB- `` pod '' -RRB- . The box includes one spare canister , although in a pinch you could probably descale the canister in salt water . What this all means is that water you would not want to drink can -LRB- supposedly -RRB- be used in this humidifier . The instructions state that when using purified water the conditioning parts are good for one year at 8 hours per day of operation . Unknown yet how long it will last me as I am using osmosis water.This device has a timer of some sort that shuts it off after 3 hours , so it wo n't run all night while you sleep . Also , its twist-on reservoir is rather small so it needs frequent refilling , maybe 4 hours of operation is all it holds . The book says 4.7 oz per fillup . You ca n't use this humidifier as an aromatherapy vaporizer so do n't even try it.This report is based on a whole 24 hours of operation .
 My husband came home from a business trip and told me he slept horribly , in part because it was so dry . I bought him this for his next trip to see if it might help . He said it was great and he slept with it on all night . The directions say not to run it dry , but he falls asleep with it running and it does not seem to have damaged it -LRB- it runs about 3 hours on a fill up -RRB- . He sets it up on his nightstand at home when he is having sinus issues . It 's whisper quiet and he does n't snore as much when he uses it . I would estimate he has ran this unit approximately 20 + times since I bought it for him about 3 months ago . No problems with it so far -LRB- I will update in the future if issues arise . -RRB- The only `` con '' to this unit IMO is that the vapor coming out -LRB- it is cold vapor , not steam -RRB- does n't project very far from the unit . You would need to keep it right next to you on the nightstand or desk to get the benefits -LRB- I would think -RRB- . This really is n't an issue for him , and at the price compared to other personal humidifiers , it does not lose a star for this !
 I have had my mini humidifier for a few months now . Still works great and I use it every day at work . My office is very dry , especially in the winter and I found myself coughing a lot . Not anymore ... since I started using this little device , my coughing spells have stopped .
 Nice quality and perfect fit . Used for a replacement of the stock keepers on a 1990 F150 302 . They fit the stock valves perfectly .
 I am very pleased with the license plate I ordered from this seller . My order came quickly , in good condition and I must say , it looks very nice on my '74 Chevy Nova !!
 This plate is awesome.It looks great and is a nice addition to the frontof my yellow monte carlo.Get lots of compliments on this plate .
 Matts just as described , nice fit , nice thickness , nice everything , fit my BMW 325i just perfectly , will buy again , thank you very much !
 Nice colorful plate , True Chevy truck fan , You will be proud to display this on your truck and be proud , Great price and ashipping , Thanks !!!
 Great reliable part !!! Replaced the old with no problem . Main brand part cheap . This brand is recommended then the other off brands I tried .
 Installed these in my Ford Exploder ... er ... I mean Explorer . They have about 5,000 miles on them and they are still running smooth . No complaints here . Timken makes a quality bearing .
 Exactly what my husband wanted and as described . It goes very well with the rest of his skull theme on his truck .
 Door fits well . Easy installation . Looks Great . Replaced one just like . Curious to see if this one Oxidizes like first one .
 My Rolls Royce is purring like a kitten now with these plugs . Oh what a feeling !
 My mom & dad bought this roadside kit for me to keep in my car since I 'm away at college for most of the year and on my own . Thank heavens they did because I was stuck on a highway just last week . I put up the SOS flag and within a few minutes , a good samaritan stopped to give me a jump start using my Barbara K jumper cables . The guidebook in the kit is very informational and helped me understand many things about my car . I love my roadside emergency kit ! I will recommend it to all of my friends .
 I am truly impressed with the attention to detail that was put into this emergency roadside kit . I have shopped around for this item to give to my children , my mother and my 2 sisters and have seen nothing that compares to this ! Not only does it look great , but every item in the bag is useful and certainly gives me a sense of calm when I know that my family is traveling on the road . There is a how-to booklet included that tells you everything that you need to know in case of an emergency , including a list of emergency numbers to call when you have exhausted all other options . Well done and thanks a million Barbara K !
 Best present I have received all year ! I was stuck in the recent snow storm . With my poncho , S.O.S. banner and jumper cables I was able to stay dry , signal for help with my S.O.S banner and have someone stop to let me use my jumper cables to give my car a boost and get it started again . I was on my way thanks to Barbara K !
 I really loved the nice blue and silver case . The items inside are quite handy , and I 've have used several of them . The only down side is the poor quality of the fashlight . It does not work , and is a bit flimsy . The kit I purchased for a friend , also has a bad flashlight . I wanted to return the flashlight , but felt foolish about sending back one item . So I purchased a flashlight to keep in the kit . Overall , a good item to keep in your car , and a great gift for friends . Just replace the flashlight !!
 This battery is the same brand that was in my ATV when I bought it in 1991 . It lasted about six years . Replacement batteries I 've bought since then have been lasting about two years . I 'm hoping this one will be as dependable as the original . The only negative was that it did n't come with the fluid to fill the battery . In my opinion , the battery acid should be included .
 These speakers fit perfectly in my 1997 Goldwing -LRB- GL1500 -RRB- . I find them to be of much better quality than the original speakers . Clear sound at all volumes .
 I have finally got my Truck Painted and bought to go on Truck ! My Truck will be very happy with me
 I 'm an Operating Engineer , so I need to grease regularly . I 'm honest in the fact , I 'm lazy about the pump by hand and wanted a powered version . While it is n't a household name brand , the gun is mpore than effective and comes with an extra battery . I highly recommend this . The price was unbeatable as well , somewhere around $ 55 discounted on Amazon ...
 If you are looking for a grease gun for a great price and great performance , this is it , works great comes with 2 batteries , charger , shoulder strap , thing works awesome . I do n't write reviews often but had to take a minute to write this one . Enjoy -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Have not tried any other brand of battery powered grease gun , but this one has made greasing the tractor , and equipment a lot easier . Had this one at work were we greased a lot of equipment , and that is the main reason I purchased it myself for use at home . Have not had a minutes worth of trouble from it . If it broke today I would buy another one without thinking twice about .
 This seems to be the only Denali hitch cover around , matches nicely . Has an insert to prevent rattling against the hitch .
 Excellent price , perfect fit , Quiet . Several mechanics said Timken Bearings hold up the best . 2 local parts stores recommended Timken but wanted $ 50 more for each side .
 Product was put into my friends 2000 Grand Am and fits like a glove ... came with everything you need and so far so good with no issues !!!
 I go through a hub assembly on each axle about every three years . Grand Ams are just prone to this going out a lot . I am so glad I learned to do it myself and am saving about $ 250 each time.Well , it 's been about three years and my ABS lights came on and then the roaring sound let me know it was the hub assembly again . I have always gotten my hub assemblies at a local auto part store since they were more reasonably priced than the national stores -LRB- Autozone , etc -RRB- , but I found that Amazon beat them in price AND shipped it for free . Ca n't beat that.Overall , I 'm very happy with the purchase . Got what I need at a good price . Put the assembly on today and realized I either put it on the wrong axle or both were bad . Either way , I am buying another since both were three years old and that is usually the life span of these for me . The other is due to go out anytime now anyway .
 What can you say ? The bearing assembly arrived quickly and it was packaged well . It went on perfectly to my car -LRB- 2000 Olds Alero -RRB- and I have n't had any problems with it .
 Ca n't say much more about the product than what has already been said in other reviews.Protip
 OEM for my 2001 Grand Am . Came with the new silver nut to replace the old Black nut when you do the swap . Just pay attention to how the old one comes off as the connector is exact length.My bearings were fine on my old hubs and I later found out that the sensors where likely fine too . I was trying to correct an ABS sensor issue , but it turned out to be the VES actuator -LRB- variable steering parts -RRB- . Anyways , as the old ones had 135,000 miles and are likely perfectly fine , I expect these to last me a long time.Part came well packed and in nice boxes . Well wrapped and super clean . Appears to be the brand to go with and one of the best prices around if you get them at the right time on Amazon . I got mine with Prime and got them quick .
 I ordered this product for my Malibu and delivery was very fast . It got here 3 days before it was supposed to get here . I 'm very happy with the service and will definitely be going through this company again for my parts .
 This fit my wife 's 2002 alero perfectly . No more noise , great price and it even came with a GM revised axle nut .
 This is the best bang for you buck , as Timken is the leader in wheel bearings and wheel hub assemblies . I bought one for my Oldsmobile Alero and it went on in a matter of minutes , no problems.Great product for the price and the shipping was FAST and very well packaged.-Smurf -
 Nothing gives me traction like this tire on the hard pack clay , rocky terrain I ride here in the desert . Lasts long too . This is my tire period .
 Had no issues with the install . FOLLOW the DIRECTIONS ! If you dont you may run into trouble . Check you voltage before hand and you should be good to go.Part works as advertised , and if you have a positive dispacement blower , I highly recommend upgrading your throttle body
 Has more detail that what is shown in the photo . My husband loved it . Too bad we traded in the SUV nine months later and now have to buy a new one : -RRB-
 Great size , great price , nicely die cut , bright white . Looks great on my pick up ! Real vinyl not just a printed piece .
 Easy to install and fits perfect . Did n't need any shims . The car starts like new . Plus Bosch has a great 2 year road side assistance plan thats free , when you buy their starters .
 My wife loves this decal on the rear window of her crossover . Its holding up to the weather good but was a little tricky to install . Make sure you surface is CLEAN and do n't think it will be easy to get air bubbles out after you apply it .
 I have had this license plate already , my best friend gave it to me a few years ago , and EVERYONE comments on it !!! My boss and my friends have all come to call me Wicked Witch ! and I love it . Unfortunately , the first one rusted out , which is the reason I bought this one . This time I will cover it in Polyurithane before I put it on my car . It became very common place to drive down the road and have people point at the plate and laugh or say &#34; WOW &#34; ! I even have had several people ask me &#34; Are you her ? &#34; -LRB- by the way , I drive a Pearl White Caddy and I have long dark hair , but I cant figure out why people ask that , I was 3yrs old when that movie was made -RRB-
 I use it in my Mustang GT 1999 and looks great!I think it fits to almost all Mustangs with screw in type oil caps .
 i think this is a very nice decal the only problem i have is that i bought two of them and when i put them on the two rear glasses of my car one seems as tho as it is looking backward
 I suspected this was a marginal part when my 2004 Sequoia had flat acceleration . Read an article that a mass air flow sensor can be damaged by starting an engine with the throttle open , causing a small backfire in the intake manifold . I had this happen a couple of years ago . The dealer estimated about $ 325 to troubleshoot and replace this part . I figured for around $ 100 , I 'd play a hunch.Installation took about 5 minutes . Longer to find the right tools than to install the part . Took the SUV out for a drive and it 's running like brand new again . Stronger and the mileage is a bit better . It simply drives just great . I am completely happy with this product and highly recommend it .
 I have a Mule 4010 4x4 with 2 bench seats so I ordered 2 seat cover sets . These are really high quality covers and just what I needed . Putting them on takes some effort but is worth the little bit of time it takes to stretch and adjust . Now I do n't have to worry about the dog 's paws or virtually anything else puncturing the seats . Clean off with damp to wet cloth . They are simply GREAT ! I would highly recommend to anyone with such a vehicle for off road -LRB- or on -RRB- use . I just wish they made this particular quality cover for a pickup truck but apparently this manufacturer does not .
 Margen de error casi nulo , este aparato ya lleva mas de un a & ntilde ; o en el trabajo con uso bastante regular .
 The Nexiq USB Link is working great . it is allowing us to communicate with vehicles that were once out of our reach . I will be ordering 3 more of these units in the next 6 months .
 I 've been very pleased . Item is just as described and arrived in a timly fashion . Good price , would purchase from again .
 I bought this mat for my 2010 Tacoma TRD and am totally satisfied with the product .1 -RRB- very nice quality2 -RRB- cut and shaped to my truck 's dash shape3 -RRB- the mat does slide down -LRB- over -RRB- , but it includes three velcro strips you can paste in the back of the dash so the mat stays in place -LRB- even when off-roading ! -RRB- 4 -RRB- I made a small test on the dash , to make sure the adhesive would not damage my dash , since it was a new truck . It came out fine .5 -RRB- packaged in a small box , rolled , so there are no creases .6 -RRB- wo n't cover the defrost vents , so you can keep it at all times .7 -RRB- the vendor claims it wo n't reduce any performance on the dash-mounted speakers , which is why speakers are not cut out . Since Tacomas do n't have speakers on the dash , this was a non-issue for me anyways.I would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a custom-fit dash mat . I could have gotten it at any local car-accessory store for $ 10 more -LRB- in average -RRB- . Free shipping + no tax , ca n't beat the deal !
 Got my Dashmat on time as always with Amazon very easy to install . Only problem I have with it is it 's about 1 '' short of covering the dash on the drivers side , fits real well everywhere else unfortunetly the vent cut outs do n't allow you to move the dashmat to compensate for the shortage . Dashmat may need to re-measure for the newer trucks this particular model fits 2005-2008 Toyota Tacoma Dashmat do some home work the 2008 interior is wider than any previous model .
 Easy to place , stays put , saves the dash from horrid sun damage . But the most important reason I got it is because the gray original vinyl casts a reflective glare on the inside of the windshield . You need a flat surface , black , to kill this reflection . This does the trick .
 I got one for my self and liked it so much I got one for my son , daughter and daughter-in law . Really nice for the price . The one for my daughter 's 64 Ford even fit nicely !
 It fit the truck perfectly and has stayed put . Took a little while for it to flatten out but it 's working great . Saving the dashboard !
 I bought the product assuming it will be exactly 48 '' in length . Unfortunatly the ad . is very deceptive . It measures 40 inches center to center of the securing bolt and 44 inches edge to edge of the rail . Please measure your truck bed before you order , because you want your wheel fender wel to be in the center to look good especialy if you have a tool box . Quality wise , it is too early to tell . Finishing is good . If I had a chance to do it over , I will buy a stainless steel instead of chrome . I hope it helps you guys in your decision making process . Thanks .
 my love of cats is why I ordered these but i had to pay as much shipping as the decals cost .
 These assless chaps are unbeatable . I got 2 sizes smaller than my usual size to help show the outline of my horn of plenty . Nothing beats riding my harley w / my chaps . Summertime is the right time for oiling up my cheeks and riding down the interstate watching the conservative closeted frustrated men drool .
 This product was a perfect fit for my '97 Wrangler and the price was unbeatable . The gasket is very high quality and the installation was pretty simple . The only disappointment is how quite it is now compared to when the exhaust manifold was cracked .
 A higher capacity radiator should be one of those must-have items for any V8 Fox Mustang owner out there , as the factory setup is barely adequate . I bought and installed one of these years ago on my last Mustang to help combat low speed/stop and go traffic temperature issues . While the car did not overheat in those situations , the needle in the temp gauge would creep up past the midway point towards the high side of the `` M '' in `` NORMAL '' on the gauge , which made me uncomfortable . This radiator helped solve that . After the install , along with a 180 degree thermostat and retaining the OEM clutch fan assembly , the needle would barely move past the gauge 's midpoint in the same conditions and would settle between the `` M '' and `` A '' while driving on the freeway . YMMV.Before installing , I ca n't recommend flushing the system and using new coolant and thermostat enough . Replace cap & hoses too if necessary . Old and dirty coolant will drastically shorten the life of your new radiator . Additionally , do not use tap water in the system if at all possible . Installation is pretty straightforward despite the instructions that are enclosed . If your car has a automatic transmission , disconnect and transfer the AT fluid cooler fittings from the old radiator onto the new one . -LRB- May as well add a heavy duty transmission fluid cooler running in-line while you 're at it . -RRB- Reuse the lower shroud retaining clips from the old radiator if the new one does n't have any . Then simply cut off the two plastic `` pins '' on the passenger side end tank and then modify - in my case , mangle - your upper radiator brackets to accommodate the thicker radiator as the rubber portion will not fit over the seam where the aluminum core is crimped over the plastic end tanks . I would not recommend completely removing the rubber since it provides some form of vibration damping and helps prevent the radiator from being grounded directly to the chassis -LRB- that can kill aluminum radiators pretty quickly too -RRB- . You may also have to readjust your fan shroud , possibly having to elongate the slotted holes where it bolts on to the new radiator if the fan still makes contact with the shroud.The only negative aspect has to do with the condition of the item I purchased from Amazon . The upper row of the core was smashed down a bit along with the fins even though the box bore no external indications of severe crush damage . There are no signs of the tubes being compromised , but it looks messed up . Hopefully it is only cosmetic . Will have the unit pressure/leak tested at a shop before installation in my current car . Do n't know if it came from the manufacturer that way or somehow sustained the damage during shipping , but in any case , a big disappointment as returning something of this size is a hassle , given my schedule and location . Also found bits of packing material inside the tank too - but that 's due to it not having caps over the openings . The pieces are small so a good flush with clean water should take care of that without clogging things up .
 High Quality great finish , but a bit short . I guess the length keeps them from bottoming out , but another 1/4 &#34; would have helped on the install .
 There is not too much to say about the sticker ... uh , it sticks ! I 'm pleased that it says what it 's supposed to.I 'm writing this because the seller deserves some credit . My stickers were lost in the mail apparently , and when I contacted the seller , they sent me another one without complaint or trouble . `` It did n't come ? No problem , the post office does that occasionally . We will reship immediately ! '' Thanks !
 I love bumper stickers . They reflect personalities . This bumper sticker is witty and wise . I mount all of my bumper stickers on magnetic backings so that I can change them often .
 I still laugh at this sticker every time I look at it , it 's never going to get old , thing is , there are people out there with this condition , that 's why it 's so funny .
 These were at a great price so I ordered multiple sets as they fit on Honda GL1100 Goldwings and I do a lot of timing belt replacements for my own bikes and for others too . Got exactly what I ordered at a great price and the shipping was super fast -LRB- received on 3rd day after ordering -RRB- !
 Two belts were purchased for a 1982 Honda Goldwing . These turned out to be the perfect replacement belts for the engines timing belt requirement . These belts were bent back and forth - turned inside out - and looked at closely with a magnifying glass . The 30 year old motorcycle is in great shape and it was important to ensure this critical part was the right one . These belts help to have a high level of comfort for cross-country riding.The seller did a great job with shipping and handling .
 A perfect fit , but nothing other than a perfect would work . A great , known brand name and a super price as compared to motorcylce sites and catalogs . A good deal for a good product .
 Gates has always been the premiere manufacturer of timing belts , and I was prepared to pay around $ 30 each for these . What a nice surprise when I found them at Amazon.com for less than half ! A wonderful product at an amazing price !
 Much more affordable but quality belt for my '81 Honda GL1100 than the original Honda part that may have been sitting on a shelf for 30 years . Thumbs up !
 I use this every day in my small engine repair shop and it comes in very handy in tight spots .
 The manual is just what you would expect . It has all the information you need to do engine work and body work . It 's already helped me replace some parts . I feel the illustrations are good but could be a little brighter -LRB- old eyes I guess -RRB- . If you have one of these old Fords then this manual , especially because of it 's low price is a must !
 I got the battery and filled it up -LRB- acid needs to be bought locally . Napa and other auto stores have pints for CHEAP -RRB- . It fits in my 1984 Honda XL250R perfect and it works just like it should . Great battery for cheap .
 I HAVE THREE OF THE DARE TESTERS THAT I KEEP AT SEPARATE LOCATIONS . ALL WORK FLAWLESSLY . BOUGHT THE FIRST ONE MORE THAN 20 YEARS AGO .
 These were a massive improvement over the stock bulbs on my car , but not as bright as I wanted . But overall , I am happy with them .
 DashMat 's are great . I have one in each of my vehicles . With this particular order , the mat did not fit the car .
 Had for a while still works , the gas gauge goes up slow when you fill it i dont know why .
 This price is way to high , even the used price -LRB- $ 6.99 -RRB- is to much simply because they sell at the Disneyland Resort for about $ 4 or $ 5 each . These are wonderful , high quality antenna toppers , i have a huge collection of them myself . Disneyland 's prices are much better , you may even be able to find them at the Disneyland outlet store in Fullerton for cheaper than the Resort .
 Great product for dolphin lovers , looks great during day and at nite ! Put on gas tank of my car . Thanks !
 I never heard a squeak or saw a sign of wear out of this belt and I used it for about 40,000 miles . For the money , this is a great value .
 this product works great and is a lot better priced than getting from a parts store . and actually can tell it makes my truck perform better than before . would definitely recommend to anyone .
 I love this super funny bumper sticker `` Come to the dark side , we have cookies . '' It seems to hold up well in the rain , as it has been raining non stop lately and it is still in place . It stuck well to the bumper and it is easy to see . I would recommend this to anyone on the dark side .
 I saw this on someone else 's car and had to get one for a colleague ! He got a kick out of it . Sort of an inside joke thing .
 I like the joke and graphic . The only thing I would prefer is if the website 's name was n't on the bottom . Otherwise , quite happy with it .
 This swing arm cover really cleans off some of the black frame of the bike without hindering ease of access to work on the bike . Easily comes on and off with 3M dual lock technology -LRB- Velcro -RRB- . Stays on very well no issues , looks great , a must have for the chrome lover .
 Factory replacement for a 2002 Corvette . Works great ; absolutely no complaints . Price was better than or competitive with everywhere else I looked . If you 're buying for a C5 Corvette , please do some research first , as the 5th generation models used several different types -LRB- 3 I think -RRB- of fuel filters depending on your model year . Replacing it is easy on a manual transmission and slightly more difficult on an automatic .
 This fuel filter is an identicle OEM replacement fuel filter at a fraction of the dealers price . Save some money , buy it here !
 I shoppped on the Internet for this bug shield and Amazon had the best price with free shipping ! It was east to install . Took me 15 minutes . Just drill 4 holes on the underside of the hood , place the shield between the hood metal and the fire seal and screw in the 4 screws with rubber protectors and wallah ! The real test will be in June when wil travel over 1200 miles and back on a trip . But so far when you are driving you ca n't even see it from the driver 's seat . I highly recommend the Lund Interceptor !
 I bought this after finding out that the SIP wrench I had did not have replaceable bushes , and they were worn out after 14 months . This rendered the wrench scrap . I checked out other wrenches available but none were rebuildable -LRB- including the Snapon ones others in my workshop use -RRB- . I had to bring it in from the US , and use it with a 12v charger -LRB- which suits me as I 'm a mobile mechanic -RRB- . This wrench has worked tirelessly for 2 years and given no problems I 've had one battery die last week , but was happy to buy another . This tool has really done some work ! The wrench has loads of grunt , on a fully charged battery it will undo anything our shop-air wrenches will .
 Replaced the bolts with these when replacing the cam.Same brand as the cam . Suspect all ok as can not see them working .
 After looking at hundreds of physical and electronic stores , thanks to Remar Autoparts I got the parts needed to repair my car.Fast and secure international shipping.The only downside , the pic is not from the real part . The good thing , the part corresponds to the 143.90008 original part.I definitely recommend Remar Autoparts for spare parts for classic cars .
 The Reese Towpower is a very good brake contoller . Do n't be chased off by the vehicle application chart . This controller will fit any vehicle , any year etc. . I have a 1977 Ford F150 and it was simple to wire into my existing wiring . The directions were easy to follow and , along with your wiring harnes plug at your hitch , a novice should be confident enough to install this in under an hour . I like that the Reese Towpower can be installed in any position under the dash ... it does n't have to be installed on a level plane , and the brake proportion adjustments are an easy dial with your thumb . When I first saw the price I thought this must be a mis-print or a used unit . It is n't ... it is brand new just like from a bricks and mortar store . I had shopped around and was prepared to pay in the $ 90 - $ 100 range at the local national retailers . Boy was I fortunate to search on Amazon ... I saved a lot of money ! Do n't hesitate to buy this Reese Towpower if you are looking for a controller for your trailer brakes .
 This product was very easy to install and the instructions were well written to understand how to calibrate it with my trailer .
 I had a prewired truck and ordered a prewire kit so I did n't have to cut or install any wires on my vehicle . Once installed and adjusted , the brake controller worked perfectly . I purchased this for a one time use of towing a camper , but it would easily work for any other trailer with powered brakes .
 Installed this brake controller on 2000 Toyota Tundra and it works great . It has 2 adjustments on it to get the braking action just right . Compact and fits very good under the dash . Very easy to hook up the wiring to the truck .
 This controler was simple and easy to install and it works awsome . It also was cheaper then all others in all the autoparts stores . But over all works great for my 36ft toy hauler .
 Easy to hook up . It was n't very hard to adjust , just a little trial and error . Once adjusted , it worked great .
 This brake controller gives you a great range in in braking power . From changing how quick they trailer brakes come on to how hard they come on , it 's a great product !
 I was looking for a simple brake controller to haul a rented camper with my truck and this fit the bill . To complement this , I also had to buy a wiring kit that plugged into my truck 's electronics under the dashboard as to not cut any of the factory wires . Once installed , it worked as advertised . At first I did n't have the sensitivity adjusted correctly and the truck and trailer jerked a bit . Once I had it right , the controller worked like a charm .
 This merchant provided a great value . The service was prompt and accurate , unit is as described in add . the experience was without any difficulty , a one stop shop .
 Its cool it gives a number for voltage so you know where to set your brakes . Good detailed instructions , this is my 2nd for my other truck , I liked it that well . Husband 's review
 I purchased this controller to install in a 06 Pontiac Montana that we use for towing a pop-up tent trailer.I wired it up myself , and was able to easily install the controller . I had to contact the manufacturer to find out which wire to connect to for the brake signal . I received an e-mail response in less than 8 hours , detailing exactly which wire , where to locate it , and the color . Their response was fast , accurate & helpful.The controller is a basic model , using a time delay to determine braking power . It works as described by the manufacturer.I took the trailer for a test drive and was able to quickly dial in the amount of braking power desired.Unfortunately , 1 week after installing the brake controller the vehicle was involved in an accident and declared a total loss . I 'll likely be purchasing another one of these in the coming weeks .
 I bought this through Amazon and am pleased with it 's design and performance . It has pigtail wires which are labeled and need to be connected to power , brake , ground , etc. . My 2007 Chevy Silverado just has a wire bundle to connect to , so I bought some connection terminals that could be unplugged if you need to . The Chevy truck did n't have a very heavy ground wire , so I ended up running a heavier wire to ground . Do n't know if that was necessary , but I wanted to be sure it would carry the load . It was not hard to set the control to match the trailer , but you will want to review the instructions the first time you do it . It looks like this controller would adapt to almost any vehicle , despite what the Amazon chart says . We just took a 400 mile trip and it worked fine . I would recommend it .
 Great product highly satisfied . This controller is easy to install on most any vehicle . I put this unit on a 1999 chevy s-10 zr2 pickup with ease .
 easy to install wires being label makes for easy hook up works well screen easy to read in any light
 Great price for such a quality product . Directions were easy to follow and worked as described after installing . Can mount in any direction and pretty slim design . Used on a 2011 Silverado Cab with HD Towing package . All that has to be done is attach unit to pre installed harness under dash and hook up wires tied near fuse box inside engine compartment for power .
 I had a previous model from the same company that I had already hard wired in -- ten years ago in my Toyota truck.These units are hard wired as well and I wanted a simple installation for an occasional use double axle 16 ft trailer.My truck came with a pigtail adaptor that had a plug-in to the truck and loose wires on the other end in cas I wanted to hard wire a brake unit in , In 25 minutes I was done with the install.The unit is idiot-proof and functions perfectly PLUS it allows me to see the voltage actually being applied to the brakes.It seems to be the standard Reese unit that has been around as long as I can remember and it 's a good design.For the under $ 40 price of this item , plus the fact all brackets are included and instructions simple , the unit is a winner for me .
 I had to search the internet to find installation instructions for the unit . It would be better if they referenced a website or gave instructions for the wiring connections .
 This is the `` Best '' brake controller on the market ... Will work brakes on 1 to 4 axles.I 'm glad I got this one . Has worked very well , and easy to adjust .
 Great product at a great price . Easy install and the calibration was effortless . Makes the world of difference when towing my 3900 # camper .
 Easy to install and works fine on my dual axle flatbed.Easily adjusts to conditions as necessarySmall enough toeasily mount within reach
 Great price , easy installation , works great . Do not hesitate on this purchase , you wo n't find a better deal on a break controller .
 VERY PLEASED - This product does what was expected of it . We are pleased with this digital brake control purchase .
 This is a basic brake controller with no fancy features . It works on a mechanical principle rather than electronic sensors , and is based on a design made since these things were invented . This means it works reliably and predictably , all the time . No surprises , and no glitches . It 's trustworthy.Which is what you want when you 're trying to slow 7000 lbs of metal stuck to your back bumper .
 Very easy to install , controls trailer brakes very well , excellent install instructions , easy to understand , good price , and - no blown fuses from the very start of usage .
 as with all other reese products i have purchased in the past , this unit is bullet pruff . works great and is simple to install , highly recommended over more expensive bells and whistle types that are more prone to failure , especially when you need BRAKES .
 this is a great price on this brake control . easy to install and operate , instructions are good , display is easy to see
 For the price , I was n't expecting this to work well with my stock trailer . But actually the dual adjustments are simple and very effective at getting what I wanted out of the trailer brakes . I would recommend it over some higher priced units .
 easy to install , easy to adjust , hardest part is deciding where to place it and not hit your knee every time you get in the truck .
 This was my first brake controller I installed so I do n't know what the more expensive brake controllers do that this one does n't but I am very happy with the Reese 74643 . I have since bought another for another vehicle . The 74643 has a braking power level control knob and digital indicator and a Synch control slider on the side that controls how fast the brake power ramps up . There is a manual brake slider too if you want to brake the trailer manually but I am not sure when I will need that . Everything works great and was easy to understand how to use .
 i give this a 4 star easy to install and easy to use and it works great yes on this product
 The brake controller was very easy to install , very easy to adjust , and it handled a 10.5 x 16 Featherlight trailer , two axles , with two racebikes and gear with ease .
 You will not find a brake controller like this for this price anywhere else . Cant wait till i stqrt using it .
 My family decided to take a getaway camping trip and we borrowed my in-laws ' camper . I needed a brake controller and wanted it inexpensive and fast . I found this controller and it fit the bill being available through Prime . I 'm used to Amazon 's rapid shipping , but the controller came the_next_day ! Unfortunately , the harness I would have ordered for my truck would have been delayed 1-2 days and that put the delivery date past when I needed it . I figured I could pick up a harness no problem . If you own a 2010 or newer Dodge Ram with a factory tow package , finding the harness is not that easy . In the 2010 model , they changed the adapter for the brake controller . -LRB- Note
 I needed a brake controller for my Tahoe , and wanted to find a good one at a decent price ... . Amazon fit the bill again ... The Reese Towpower 74643 digital brake controller was easy to install , easy to mount , easy to adjust . . This is a great product at a great price ... Made pulling a car hauler with electric brakes much easier ... . Glad my truck is set up to tow properly now . . thanks amazon
 Great item for dashes . Gets rid of that reflection from the well cared for dashboard . Prevents sun damage also .
 This product was exactly what it looked like on line and exactly what I was wanting . Looks great and holds the sunglasses like a glove . Could not of been happier . The colors are exact to what the true Indianapolis Colts colors are . I am a super fan and this product is just another of many I will enjoy for years to come .
 The filter came right on time and with-out any damage.Install was great and there were no leaks.Will buy another down the road because I have two cars that take the same filter .
 I bike to work , so I want a REALLY bright and obvious light system . I 'm also pretty cheap and quite handy . I built my own 12v electrical system with a handlebar mounted switch . I used two of these as my rear lights and 2 amber ones as my front lights . They are very bright , easy to see , and I am told by drivers I know , they make me very visible.They were easy to install with the proper mounting bracket and wire harness .
 I bought this gauge about 4 years ago . I find the readings to be accurate -LRB- from low to high readings -RRB- I no longer have to have a 0-10 psi . gauge and another 0-100 . The LED light button is a bit in the way when applying pressure to the schrader valve making the LED to illuminate . I find the reviews somewhat misleading because they claim that the battery is NOT replaceable . However , they are most assuredly accessible . After Removing the small phillips screw on the back , wiggle back and forth while pulling on end and the battery compartment will just pop off , revealing two stacked -LRB- CR 2032 -RRB- lithium batteries . The battery housing has polarity stamped so you know how they orientate once replaced . I hope you find this review helpful and not mistakenly throw away a perfectly good digital gauge because of what some have stated as being `` permanently installed '' .
 I 've owned one of these since 2004 . It sits in the glove box of our Sienna , which needs its tire pressure checked weekly otherwise the tires wear really fast -LRB- another story -RRB- . The gauge takes a little getting use to in order to get a good seal over the stem , but once you get to know how to do it properly , it works everytime . I like the fact that mine came in a case , so it is nicely packed away in the glove box.The backlight readout is great . You can check in low light places -LRB- like my driveway -RRB- and still see the numbers clearly.Too bad this is more expensive than the Accutire MS-4201B , otherwise I would buy a 2nd one of these .
 I own 2 of this unit , a LED and an older LCD -LRB- 7 + years ago -RRB- . I assume they are both accurate as , how can they be tested ? My first one was purchased as a result of Consumer Reports high rating . And the 2nd unit because of my experience with the first . When measuring my ATV tires -LRB- 5 and 7 # 's -RRB- both relay the same/identical information . As with the auto tires , both read the same . My only qualms with this gauge are , as with other comments , the ` seating ' of the gauge with the tire valve stem is sometimes frustrating ... and upon removal of the gauge , the rubber front of the gauge does n't really to ` let go ' . Thus I like the unit but give only 4 stars because of my frustrations during use . Other comment 's relayed poor battery life , I have not experienced that and one unit well beyond normal ` life ' expectancy . Cold weather sure is a factor if the gauge is left in the car .
 Highly accurate and well designed tire gauge . Discovered that my three analoggauges were reading 5-7 psi low . Would give 5 stars if a spare tip seal were included .
 I bought this after having two other gauges that were n't as easy to use or reliable . This unit did exactly what I wanted .
 I have several dial -LRB- analog bourdon tube -RRB- gauges to measure tire pressure , plus a Milton inflater with a built-in gauge . My -LRB- GM -RRB- car also has TPMS . My service dept claims the TPMS is accurate to within about 1lb . This Accutire gauge is in exact agreement with the TPMS in the car , and one of the dial gauges . The other gauge and the inflater are about 2lbs off . With dial type gauges , some interpretation is required at times depending on the divisions of the scale . The 2 dial gauges I have use 2lb divisions . So if the pointer is somewhere between 34 & 36lbs , is it 35 , or 34.5 ? This is why I wanted a digital gauge.Having 4 gauges all reading within 2lbs of each other is very reassuring . This digital gauge seems to be very accurate . The metal housing allows a firm grip , and should stand up to continued use . It uses commonly available CR2023 batteries which are replaceable . It does NOT have a lifetime lithium battery.The flaws are minor , thus my 4-star rating . As other reviewers stated , the LED light is not very useful , but you can just ignore this by not pushing the flashlight button . The tire valve chuck also does take a little getting used to , as others have said . But it 's not that hard , and with a few tries , you can get a reliable seal and accurate reading.The other thing is that you must hold the gauge on the tire valve for 1 or 2 seconds for it to `` lock-in . '' I 've found that you can push the gauge on the valve and get a reading , but if you do n't wait long enough it goes back to zero immediately after removing the gauge . By keeping the gauge on for a second or 2 , the pressure reading is retained for about 10 seconds , making it much easier to read . The instructions that come with the gauge state this is a feature to `` zero '' the gauge to ensure accuracy .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband , and he loves it . It is so convenient to use , even in the dark . I would definitely recommend this tire gauge .
 This usint was as advertised and more than meets expectations . Th lighted display makes it so much easier to read at night .
 Very easy to use ; like it very much . Had a calibration issue with one unit of four , but they swapped it out without issue . Used in a production environment daily ; durable .
 Disregard negative reviews about this item . It is a great digital gauge and well worth the modest price . You may buy with confidence .
 Very similar to the previous model that I owned for over 5 years and that was very dependable.Only concern is that it appears that the backlight seems to come on with every pressure check and this seems like it will waste battery life.Readings are very accurate and the size is perfect to fit in my glovebox .
 Have owned for approx . 2.5 years now , and it 's worked very well . I found out that it 's also very tough , since I fell off the hood of our vehicle at 70 + MPH -LRB- yes , I had set it there after checking tire pressures - very stupid , I know -RRB- , and it did n't have scratch -LRB- was in the fabric `` case '' that comes with it -RRB- and has continued to work flawlessly !! Just bought a second one , so we can leave one in each of our vehicles .
 I bought the Keyless Entry Remote through Amazon and Discount Keyless . It was the best price and it works perfectly ... what more can I say ?
 This ignition replaced a defective one on my Texas Chopper . It was easy to install and works great . The company was helpful when I called with a question .
 works just fine and was relatively easy to install -LRB- it does involve cutting the return line on the transmission and installing the sending `` T '' . -RRB- Mounting the gage inside is also slightly above novice stage because the holder needs to be on a flat surface . You also need to find a keyed fuse slot so the gage is activated when you turn the ignition switch . I just pulled the radio/cd fuse and put the wire inside the slot and secured it with the fuse . There are `` piggy back '' fuse terminals you can buy at an auto store that would be a better way to secure the wire.I 'm sure there are a lot better gages out there , but this one had all the necessary parts to do a complete installation and was the most cost effective . I 'm not sure how accurate the gage is , but it does give you a reasonable measurement of how your transmission is doing heat wise . If you do a lot of towing it is probably a wise move to get an indicator of whats going on . The main `` killer '' of transmission life is excessive heat . Having a gage to monitor your transmission heat can tell you something early on and maybe prevent disaster down the road . ps if it runs above 200 deg. , it will likely need a transmission cooler or a secondary cooler . -LRB- also pretty easy to install and not too expensive -RRB-
 I have purchased B&M products since the 1960 's because of their quality and performance . This is a must have item if you tow a trailer of any type . The installation was simple and straight forward . My installation was made simpler as I also installed a larger capacity B&M cast aluminum transmission pan that had a threaded hole for the sensor .
 I added tis to my CJ7 when a did a 350 turbo tranny conversion and added a tranny cooler . Gage works great and installation was very simple . Just cut into the new or existing tubing and install . I give it 4 stars because the backlight is not very bright .
 This is a great gauge because all the parts are included for all vehicle installation but it was a little difficult to mount as a under the dash install . Other than that the price was GREAT at Amazon with free shipping . MJ
 Bought it to go with the B&M ; tranny cooler.Have not installed yet , but bought on Amazon as was the best price .
 Fram filters do not always get a good rap , but the price was right on two of the top line Fram Filters . I feel great about changing oil and filters at 3000 miles at this price . Seem to work fine .
 The topper was as described , bright and lively . Makes a valued addition to our collection . Service was excellent and timely . Very satisfied .
 Worked perfect . The stripe was extremely easy to use . Application was a snap , it is also long wearing . Easy to apply around corners , vivid color , really added a lot to my bike .
 Amazon is great . Two other major auto parts suppliers took my order and then each cancelled my order after a week because they advertised that they had it and then could not get it . I needed 2 of them . Amazon shipped the part within 2 days . Then I ordered another one and they did it again . I recived both items and they fit perfectly . No shipping charges.Thanks Amazon.I ordered again for other things I needed and they processed and shipped them also very quicly .
 I can only tell you what I witnessed . I bought this book for my husband . He is restoring a 1967 Chevelle . He poured over it -LRB- and still is -RRB- and when his nephew saw it he had to know where I got it and then told his wife to order one immediately . Fabulous find for restorers .
 I recently added this to my new cold air K&N Intake . Slips right on , keeps the rain , mud , dirt etc. off the filter , making the treatment last longer . I own a 2000 Grand Cherokee that sees alot of dirt roads . I would recommend this to anyone who has a K&N Intake .
 Very good quality part that bolted right up like a factory part . They say its 4 to 4.5 inch lift , but i got 5 out of it .
 My sister asked for a steering wheel cover for Christmas . She was totally surprised when we found one with Redskins logo on it . The fact that they had just won the Eastern Division Championship made it extra special .
 This is the first tool that I have been able to get to `` semi-work '' on my 03 Chevy Suburban flex fuel filter . This one at least fit and did as it was supposed to , but I still could not get the filter to come loose . Going to have to give this one to a mechanic with a lift to work on . Incredibly poor design by Chevy on the flex fuel option . As for the tool , it is the best one I have found so far to work on this problem . The ones from the neighborhood chain parts stores are a waste of money for this vehicle .
 this tool was very helpful , made my fuel filter change a BREEZE.I would reccomend this tool because it was very helpful to me .
 I was n't sure how this cover would fit . But I was very pleased the first time I put it on my trike , the fit was fantastic . It fits snug enough on my 93 Goldwing Trike Shop conversion that even in high winds I do n't have to worry about it blowing off . The zipper in the back is handy in that it allows access to the trunk without having to remove the cover completely .
 I have three trikes with 3 different covers . This one looks like the old Lehman Trike cover , but is better made with better materials . The zipper in the back allows easy access to both rear trunks all the way to the seat without unduing the under strap or removing the cover . I have this one on my wife 's Champion/GL1800 Trike . Just had 50 mph winds and it stayed on beautifuly .
 My husband loves this trike cover . Fits nicely and is heavier then most covers we have had . Trike sits in carport 24/7 with gardeners coming weekly blowing everything down and we have no problem with the dust like we did before . We would highly recomend to anyone . We are in Southern Calif. and do not have extreme weather conditions like the rest of the country . For our needs this Nelson Rigg fits the bill . Extremely fast shipping . Hope this has helped . The Ashbys
 This cover is well made and well worth the price . I have a Honda Goldwing with the California Side Car Trike conversion . This cover fits it perfectly . It is well made and I foresee it lasting for many years . Could n't be happier with it .
 this is the second cover i have purchased . firs for a smaller motorcycle and nowfor the trike and both were excellent in quality and durable . thanks for theexcellent product . price was fair
 it fits the midsized trikes nicely . it has a lot of nice features . i bought one for my 2 wheeled bike and love it also
 Fits good , heavy duty , fast shipping . Product looks great on bike and fits very well , like the zipper feature in the back , Thanks ,
 The cover was delivered in less time than expected . So far the cover has withstood severe wind and driving rains here in PA. . I inspected the bike and no dampness is under the cover . Covers my HD-Frankenstein conversion well .
 I did alot of shopping around for a cover , and was very hesitant to purchase on-line . We have a 2010 Harley Davidson trike and this cover fits perfect . The price is half of what Harley wanted and the quality is much better . Very pleased with this purchase . Thank you
 This was a very tight fit on my 2004 Honda California Sidecar conversion trike . I expected it to fit a little better , but it definitely will not blow off ! The cover appears to be made of quality materials . I would have given it 5 stars if the fit was better .
 We purchased this Nov 2010 as a Christmas gift for my father . He had just bought a brand new Trike and although it 's garaged most of the time , he needed a cover for work and in case he needed the garage space.It 's a Universal cover , fit perfectly and its wearing great . It seems to be durable and holding up quite well . He likes how it folds up and he can fit it into the storage compartment on the bike and easily pull it out and cover up the bike himself . My dad has two knee replacements so getting around is a challenge but he said this cover is really easy and does n't seem to bother him at all.He tried a different cover and it took two people to get the thing on ! So this one is much better and very high quality.Thank you
 great quality , you can feel it in the material . great fit . should have bought this one the first time !!!
 This trike cover is made of great material and has a custom fit on top of it !! I like that is covers the entire trike all the way to the ground . I would recommend this trike cover to anyone that is looking for a top quality product .
 Product took longer to arrive than expected . Product was as stated and performed as expected . What more can you say about an Lug ring/eye terminal ?
 As with all Gates products , this belt is a perfect fit for my Land Cruiser . It is top quality and will match original Toyota parts anytime .
 This is a qaulity made by Walker as a direct OEM fit for my vehicle . The wires are about 3 '' longer than OEM , but better to be longer than short . Buy yourself the correct O2/Vacuum sensor forged socket for this unit to properly uninstall the defective one and install this one or risk damaging both . The price is great for this product , and delivery was very reasonably priced and shipped fast with the proper packaging . Thank you .
 This book paid for itself the first time I opened it . It has very good illustrations on placement of wires and other parts . A very wise choice for me , and great price .
 This was the only baby mirror that I could find that attaches to my Jeep . I love it . It 's not a blurry image of baby . I visit grandma in a rural area , lots of bumps and gravel road , not problem with it falling . I just made sure it was attached securely each time we drove , but that 's really for safety . We 've had it for 3mths now . Not broken , not flimsy . I recommend it .
 I really do not understand why this product has so many bad reviews . My husband and I bought this mirror before our daughter arrived and have had it for almost a year now . I will admit that the mirror is a bit on the difficult side to install , but once we installed and tightened it , it stayed in place and has remained so until we removed it to reinstall it at another part of the backseat to accommodate our daughter 's big girl seat . I have moved the mirror around several times while installed and it never came loose . It is such a relief to be able to see my daughter while driving -LRB- She is a troublemaker -RRB- and it is an actual mirror , unlike most made from cheap plastic . My only real complaint would be that the mirror de-threads a little too easily and is a pain to re-thread , hence the four star rating . I will be buying another one for my second daughter due OCT. . I am guessing the bad instances are from user-error or something .
 Rotor is top notch , unlike other cheap , made in china rotors . You will not be disappointed with this purchase . A +
 replaced expensive cross drilled slotted rotors and these seem to stop better and work great price is right product is strong
 Fast shipment and item brand new as described . Recommended!I will buy again in this store with amazing prices .
 This is a great way to give performance to your 454 . I had a pair of oval steel stock heads and now with these new heads I will gain 40 kg of weight and maybe 70-100 HP . Big StainStell valves , good chambers , light weight , big ducts , etc. .
 This streetglow kit is a great buy and this dealer is great to deal with . Fast shipping and low price . I would adivise anyone looking at this product to buy it from them
 Although I had to return these to the seller because i found out they are illegal in Pennsylvania , they were very cool when i did have them . They Came just as described and it was painful having to send them back :-LRB- .
 We have broken so many tables our family reunions when we put the roasted elephant on the table . But luckily now everything 's resolved thanks to these high quality jacks .
 Great manual , I bought it for my 68 ' Camaro RS . My car just needs a few minor tweaks and it 'll be good to hit the road .
 I ordered these flaps for my 05 F-350 and wow they really looked sharp . installation was a bit tricky by myself , but I got through it and was happy in the end . The only thing I did n't like was how they were shipped , each flap only had one side of the chrome protected with plastic wrap , but most of what scratches had occured during shiping were towards the top of the flap , hidden up in the fender well.Super nice , little pricy but makes for a unique look .
 Use it for many things , it will run everything when tailgating and even run my 30 ' Jay Flight RV -LRB- no AC -RRB- . Never had a problem , owned for about 5 years . Looking to buy another and run both for RV
 I 've had a Kipor IG2000 for a year and a half now . It has served very well to power various remote radio operations such as Field Day and the California QSO party.It sips gas , running our applications for many hours on a single tank of gas . I change the oil and check the air cleaner after each outing and the thing `` just works . `` We run fuel with Sta-Ble to keep the gas perky.No issues here .
 I HAVE PURCHASED MANY DASH COVERS . THIS ONE IS THE BEST . NO REFLECTION ON YOUR GLASS . I WOULD BUY AGAIN . = -RRB-
 It has been said to not use a metal drain plus and there will be an adverse reaction between metals . That is why I keep extra nylon plugs around .
 Just what you expect . Having a package of two is great because you know eventually one is going to fail just like the one you are replacing .
 I orded these plugs and received them three days later.Putting them in was an other thing . Theres a pipe in the way .
 Just what I needed to fix my leak and the second one came in handy when my parents plug went bad . Good quality OEM replacement .
 I put this Sensor in my 99 Ford F350 PU because the speedometer stopped working , the ABS light came on and the trans would n't shift right . It was easy to install and it fixed all the problems , the only thing that was n't right with it is that the connector would n't lock onto the sensor . It fit fine , it just would n't go on far enough to lock . I put a cable tie on it to make sure it did n't come off and all is good .
 I have seen some posting saying that these O2 Sensors are good but for cars produced before 4/98 , BMW M3 . My car was produced in 7/98 but I put them in and they are working great . The car is running great and the stupid `` Check Engine '' light is off . This is a great product !
 I bought a 1976 David Brown Tractor , Diesel Motor with a ugly MiG weld on the side of the block . The weld leaked in 3 places ; just enough to make a mess . I added two packages of BARS Radiator Stop Leak Heavy Duty to the radiator and with less then 1 hour on the motor running after I put this stuff in , all leaks stopped . I normally do n't write reviews , but this stuff worked for me and I 'm happy .
 The leak really did stop . And the customer service is the best I have seen from a Stop Leak product . Hopefully the leak stays plugged for as long as possible . Thanks Bars Leaks . You are an engine saver .
 I applied this product one month ago in my ford ranger . It has worked great . Very please so far .
 Do n't leave your receiver hole open . Have some style . Fill your hole with Pro Armor . Everybody 's hole needs protection . Plug yours today .
 Yeah , so '02 Focuses come with a plastic grate that is supposed to keep leaves and children from being sucked into the cabin air system . so anything over factory is a plus . Filter fit perfectly , just as described and was a nice deal . I 'm happy .
 Works as described . Instruction of how to installed it is included for Ford Focus . I think the instruction can be more detail .
 I was a little nervous about buying it online because you cant just return it . But it was the perfect replacement part . The price was great and it was a exact match to the original part .
 If you 're having issues with ABS light , before buying front sensors , check the rear sensors . On 98 Windstar , rust formed around the rear mounting point causing the sensors to move and rub on the sprocket . I thought low output on front was causing intermittent light , but it was the rear ...
 First book I purchased for my husband , who is restoring a '70 1/2 camaro . He has gotten a lot of use out of this book , as evident by the greasy handmarks adorning the pages ! He dfinitely recommends this book !
 So I bought some rims off craigslist for real cheap with a lot of tread still left . However , they were full of curb rashes . So rather than just driving with them , I take on the daunting task of fixing them . Just google fix curb rash and you 'll receive plenty of instructions . This spray paint makes all the difference . It flawlessly matches the paint on the rims so even if you paint more than it 's needed , you can hardly tell . I 've fixed two sets of rims with this . 2005 Acura TL 17inch rims and 2010 Honda Accord Coupe 18 inch rims . I highly recommend a dremel if you do n't already own one ...
 I bought this filter about 1 month ago , overall i 'm happy with it , i can feel a little increase in throttle response since i installed it in comparison with the OEM Honda filter previously installed in my Civic , i recommend this product to Civic 96-00 owners .
 Pretty good . The performance of my crud-wagon -LRB- 2000 Civic -RRB- did n't increase , but at least this will probably last a while .
 as promised by a lot of people this product is supposed to improve the car 's performance by a notch . But it is worth purchasing since you do not have to replace it at all and you can just clean it up and keep it !
 K&N filters are great and I use them in all my cars . Perfect fit , improved performance , and no need to replace them . Just clean every 50,000 miles and you 're all set .
 Filter was a tight fit , seems slightly larger than the stock paper filter . I definitely noticed increased acceleration and about 3 mpg with improved gas mileage . Money well spent . Enough said . I think every vehicle is different because I remember on my old 1997 Ford Explorer it did n't help the gas mileage at all or acceleration . I have one on my 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee and it got about 2 mpg improved gas mileage .
 Amazon has a feature where you could type in your vehicle 's information to see whether this filter fit your car . At first it says this filter fit my car , but then later I try again and it says this filter do n't fit my car . This is the K&N 33-2120 air filter . So I went to K&N 's website and found out this filter does fit my car ! I bought it on Amazon because it 's cheaper than buying it directly from K&N . My car was a 1999 Honda Civic DX .
 Overall , I am happy with the purchase . The Walker exhaust pipe looks exactly as it does in the picture . It was also shipped promptly and arrived in good time . There are some very small dents in the pipe :-LRB- -LRB- does n't effect performance and it goes under the car so ... no problem -RRB- . Also , as a side note for any auto/car DIY folks out there , do NOT order from autopartsexpress.com - their inventory is outdated , customer service does n't realize that people need parts to fix their cars , and just plain shady .
 Installed this in a 2001 Cadillac Catera Sport . Not many fans of the car besides myself . Bought during a great Amazon deal , for just a few dollars more than a regular air filter . I could n't pass it up , since this one is rated at 50K miles before replacing/cleaning . I have n't noticed any measurable improvement in gas mileage , but I do notice a slightly more responsive kick-in when I mash the pedal .
 This is an easy and inexpensive way to customize your Chevy in your own way . The fit on the vehicle is as perfect as it can get ! To install them all you do is peel the cover off of the adhesive strips , and stick these covers on the trucks tail lights . Easy as it gets !
 This is one of the best OTC and widely available tire shines that I have ever found . It is relatively inexpensive , easy to apply , and lasts a reasonably long time for a non-gel based product . I also really like the fact that it does n't leave an obnoxiously glossy coating on the tire , just makes it more black with a slight gloss.Another bonus is that it does n't atomize all over the side of your clean vehicle after you 've detailed it .
 I tried alot of tire clean/shine products bought from retail auto stores until I stumbled across this product . I gave it a try and this is the only foam I will ever use!Most tire spray sold in stores are glossy and I did n't like the looks of it after putting it on . This product is a true showroom tire foam . It does n't make the tire too shine or too dull . Just right . This is the same kind of detail when you walk into the dealer showroom and see how clean and new the tires are . This product has the same effect and it lasts long !
 Without much heavy rain this summer , one application gave my tires a glossy shine for 3 weeks . I highly recommend .
 Works really well and actually stay on the tires for more than a few hours or a day like most of the tire shining products . Very quick to apply .
 This stuff is great ! I 've tried other foaming tire washes and this is the only one I 've found that you TRULY did n't need to wash you tires first . Even though the instructions say you do n't need to scrub or wash before hand , you do get better results if you do .
 It worked perfectly for our camp van ; It 's a 2001 Chevrolet Express Van . The van 's other stock light covers were on it , but the part numbers did not match this new one . I went to &#34; Grote &#34; and looked for the old part numbers but they referred me to this one and it worked great .
 I came on time and is pretty hefty . very convenit that is comes with 4 terminals . only reason im rating it a 4 star insted of 5 is that the page lies saying that it is a 8 ' cable it is only a 6 ' like in pic .
 This is exactly the same filter used by Toyota in later model Camrys and costs about 50 % less . Do n't bother plunking down money at the dealer when you can do this instead .
 it is a excellent product and the specifications are correctly ... the shipping is fast and the part of this filter is the correct for montero sport 99 automatic
 I was pleased with the price and the timely delivery . It functioned properly on the trip I recently took .
 Bought these because my OEM rotors were toast after over 100K on them . I have had these on for about 5K and so far so good . Coupled these with some Hawk Performance LTS pads on my '05 Nissan Titan.The e-coating is holding up well and even with some long down hill runs with a motorcycle in the back have had zero warping or fading . The grind on the surface is perfectly crossed to help with the initial bedding and the cast looks good . Overall I am very happy with them .
 Not bad have several thousand miles on it and it 's fine !!! Shopped around great bearing for the buck !! Will buy another when the time comes .
 These are good , but i prefer the seamless ones . I feel the seamless ones have a better grip on the wire
 My radiator was losing coolant due to worn out cap , replaced with Stant cap and now the system is sealed tight with pressure unlike before . Good price and does the job , what else can I say .
 I found this radiator cap for my Honda VTX motorcycle using the dimensions shown on the description . My motorcycle was not listed for this cap but it was a perfect match to the one on the bike . Works perfectly so far .
 Needed a replacement for an 2002 Ford Ranger due to the original 's seal being tore and causing the coolant to overheat . This showed up as an inexpensive solution in the part finder . Put it on as soon as I got it and solved 99 % of my problem . The other 1 % is a leak in the thermostat housing , a common problem on these engines .
 This radiator cap replaced the original on my 1999 Ford Explorer XLT . Installing this cap solved my problem of a slow coolant leak .
 I am very happy with the cap . Had low coolant and high engine temperatures . I kept refilling coolant never ever finding a leak anywhere . Turns out my old cap was just leaking when the car was warm .
 Had to go to amazon.com to get this part when we were told by local dealers and auto parts store they would have to special order . It was needed fairly quickly and amazon came through . Part fit perfectly .
 I bought to fix a problem with the radiator not sucking back overflow coolant . So far it 's working .
 I needed this type of terminal in order to make repairs to battery cables on one of my automobiles . These are a heavy duty terminal and to install them properly requires a crimping tool or soldering gun . They worked perfectly for my needs .
 THANX ! You made my life a little easier . Need I say more ? Really NOW ! Eight more words to express my gratitude ?
 This was a perfect OEM fit for my '01 Oldsmobile Intrigue . Local parts store wanted 3x as much and the cap did n't properly seal . Well , knowing that the seal is what keeps my antifreeze in the overflow tank , I ordered this and just used a shop rag where the properly one was supposed to go until it arrived -LRB- so grateful for free Prime shipping -RRB- !
 I have been wanting a grille guard for my '93 Bronco for years . When I started actively shopping for one , I knew that I wanted a Go Rhino ! because of how well their push bumpers perform . I have been quite pleased with my grille guard , although I had to get used to the difference in my truck 's handling with it installed -LRB- the additional 85 pounds are noticeable -RRB- . I had also purchased a pair of driving lights , which went on the grille guard quite easily . Delivery was prompt and my package arrived undamaged .
 It 's a helluva heavy duty locking gas cap ... just did n't fit my application , as I needed it for a mini chopper gas tank , and this cap is 1/4 inch too small in diameter ...
 Bought these because my OEM rotors were toast after over 100K on them . I have had these on for about 5K and so far so good . Coupled these with some Hawk Performance LTS pads on my '05 Nissan Titan.The e-coating is holding up well and even with some long down hill runs with a motorcycle in the back have had zero warping or fading . The grind on the surface is perfectly crossed to help with the initial bedding and the cast looks good . Overall I am very happy with them .
 I loved they way they fit and perform . I am an avid outdoors man . They handle the snow , , mud and tree branches great . Would recommend this product to anyone with pets or outdoors person .
 This is a great product there is no fault with item . How ever Amazon 's fitment chart can not be trusted so do your homework on fitment before you buy .
 We were having a few fuel related issues . I went to our local parts store and bought a fuel pump . It was half the cost of this one but it was not the full assembly . The pump worked for a year and after a week of checking everything imaginable found it was a bad module . This pump is much closer to the original pump than the aftermarket one . My wife says she can fell a difference when she needs that extra acceleration .
 I had a radiator fluid smell in my vehicle for several months and thought that i was going to have to replace the heating core . I replaced the cap because it seemed a little loose and now the smell is also taken care of . sometimes its the simple things
 I have a 2002 Ford Ranger -LRB- 3.0 V6 -RRB- , and this radiator cap was a perfect fit . I had some issues with leaking radiator fluid from underneath the OEM cap , but this one seems to have fixed it . Oh , and it looks shiny and cool : -RRB-
 Great fit & price ! My original belt was shot . This Prestone 923K7 belt is an exact match/replacement for my 2003 Land Rover Discovery . Would recommend this brand Serpentine Belt to all Land Rover owners !
 Exactly as original . Size and look same as ford drums being replaced . The two drums I recieved did not need to be turned , as they were able to be put right on and that was cool . Seems to be a good overall deal . Local parts stores were 40 % higher on price for same brand and part number .
 Good drums . I ended up not using them because mine were fine ... all I needed was replacement shoes . They are good drums .
 This manual is an accurate reproduction of the original 1933 Chevrolet manual . It is being a big help in restoring my new project .
 Love the wax it goes on easy and dries in minutes . The wax leaves a shine that looks wet!the drawback is it dries into fine particles which goes all over the car when taking it off .
 This is a realy great wax as it keeps my cruiser shining all summer long ! It is the only wax that I use and I have been cleaning and waxing my boats for over 45 years . I use a swirl remover polish to a clean and mirror like surface to start and then apply two coats of Collinite 870 . It makes my cruiser shime like a mirror !
 I own a motorcycle and wanted an accurate gauge I could rely upon . I find it easy to use and read -LRB- face glows in the dark -RRB- . Adjustment of the pressure with the relief valve is especially helpful . This gauge is an indispensible addition to my tool set .
 I have expensive run flat tires W-rated tires and need to make sure that the inflation is correct . The pencil-type tire gauges are very hard to use , and very inaccurate . This was easy to use , and extremely accurate . I loved mine so much , I bought two more for my kids for Christmas.Update 1/24/13One of my kids just used the one I got for him for Christmas . He really liked it over the cheap pencil-type gauges . He said that he always had 2-3 attempts to get the pressure with the cheap one , but it read it accurately on the first attempt . He also liked that after you add air , but too much , when you connect the good gauge you can easily let air out of the tire with the pressure release button .
 I have several tire guages I have bought over the years . There was about a + or - 10psi difference between them . All crap . When I checked them on a known pressure source they were all off one way or another . I could never be sure what was really in my tires . After I got this Longacer guage I checked it on a known source and it was right on the money . Liquid damped and large easy to read numbers is the way to go ! In between cars in your garage and you push the valve on your tire and you do n't have to get down there to read it . This gauge holds the reading . The release valve also lets you set the pressure exactly . Just put in a pound or two over and keep the guage on the valve and `` pop out '' bursts of air till the guage reads your target pressure . Worth every penny . Remember folks , check your tires monthly . It could save you gas or even your life !
 It fit 's great , was easy to attach , and looks good ! What more is there to say ?
 this part was ; ldifferent than the one i took out but i managed to make it work there was an extra hole in the tank once i figured out the plug situation everything was fine
 Until amazon prompted me to review this thing is hiding on my car right now its a big key holder with a strong magnet it will have no trouble staying put this is the best one on amazon
 This item works great for the price . The magnets on the back are very strong and I have been using it to hide an extra key under a car -LRB- if you do this make sure you find a flat area where both magnets make good contact to the metal -RRB- .
 Looks fine ... nothing streamlined about it - just a box with a drawer to hold your key . Have n't yet affixed it to a car as it is a stocking stuffer for my son . I do wonder whether it 'll hold up under extreme conditions i.e. ice and hardened mud . We 'll see ... other than that , pleased with the price and shipping speed .
 This key hider has a solid sliding door and strong magnets that should do the job for hiding a key on a vehicle undercarriage without falling off . The packaging description mentions that the sliding door is plastic so it wo n't rust shut even when exposed to weather.The box is not large enough to hold the key to a 2011 Honda Pilot -LRB- they build the key-fob buttons into the key itself -RRB- , but fit the valet key for the same vehicle.The interior dimensions of the box are as follows : Length
 The magnets on this are reassuringly strong , and they give a nice solid connection to the chassis . The box fits large modern keys with ease.I wrapped the box with a strip of gaffer 's tape just to ensure that it never comes open , but even so this is a much better box than others that are on the market .
 I locked myself out of my car one day , and it cost me $ 50 to get my lock popped . I immediately when to Amazon and ordered this magnetic keybox . The door latches tight , the key fits , and the magnet is really really strong . I go over bumpy roads all the time , and still it remains clamped to the frame of my car . Should have bought one of these sooner !
 Ok so I lock my keys in my car on a monthly basis and after having to walk home in the rain I decided to purchase one of these . I drive a Kia and my key folds in -LRB- which makes it really fat -RRB- and I thought that getting the extra large one would be big enough , but it was n't . This will pretty much fit a standard sized car key . However , I got a copy made of my key in a more petite model and the product now functions perfectly . I even bought one for my friend .
 I bought this item locally and the HUGE key to my Dodge 150 would not fit . I called them to see if they had a hider that would fit my key . The girl on the phone was awesome and offered to send me their new 91501 Jumbo key holder that was not on Amazon yet . Now that is awesome support .
 Pros -- 2 `` Very Strong '' opposed ... magnets with steel side-bars that keep it from slipping , un-like my old BEL ! - Found my BEL way over from where I hid it , while hiding this new no-slip one -LRB- cost me $ 140 for a new programmed key ! - O'Well , 2-spares now -RRB- . Cons -LRB- solved -RRB- -- A couple of cotton balls kept key from rattling , but-When I shook the box , one of the plastic magnet holder pins popped out.A drop of Super glue on top of Both pins , took care of that . - Lid stop did n't seem that secure !? - A strip of Duct tape with a 1/4 '' folded over easy-remove lip ... , took care of that . - Does n't seem waterproof -LRB- tight though -RRB- , but I 'm not storing an electric key Fob ...
 I got the Extra Large because I wanted to be able to put my fob in there , but it 's too small to include that . It seems to be pretty magnetic , I have n't had any issues with it .
 This is quite large . Outer dimensions are 3-13/16 x 2-1/8 . Has two strong magnets . One on left end , the other on lower-right corner . These are the kind of magnets sandwiched in metal plates . They 're are tall and consume some of the interior space . The interior space is 3-1/4 &#34; x 1-3/4 &#34; . -LRB- But , the magnet in the lower corner takes up about 3/8 &#34; x 1-1/4 &#34; of space in the corner , making the interior space somewhat &#34; L &#34; shaped . -RRB- . It 's low profile . The exterior is 5/8 &#34; tall . The interior is 1/2 &#34; -LRB- maybe a hair less -RRB- . The top slides within a channel and snaps securely into place . But , It 's waterproof at all . It has long slots on both sides of the bottom . This may be acceptance that no container will be perfectly weather tight , and it 's better to allow ventilation .
 Extra Large requires more space to hide , but collectible items also can be placed inside . I really do n't have 5 more words .
 It took 14 days from start to finish to receive it . Yeah , there were a few days of delay for method of payment because of them being an Amazon `` Partner '' , but that was way too long . The method of shipment for the charged price was minimal .
 I ordered this with a certain amount of trepidation because it was so much cheaper than any others I had seen elsewhere and I did n't know how it would look or fit . -LRB- It was an amazing price of about $ 11 back in late Dec ' 06 . -RRB- However , I need not have worried , the cover is made of surprisingly thick , black vinyl and has a large maroon A&M ; logo -LRB- with white hightlights -RRB- printed very clearly in the center of the main face . The cover has a drawstring that was strong enough for me to pull the cover really tight and get it nice and smooth around the tire . -LRB- Our spare tire is quite fat -LRB- an all terrain/mud type -RRB- , but the cover covers it competely . -RRB- So , to sum up , this cover quality is good , specially for a ` universal fit ' one , and I think it 's a good deal , even at $ 30 . -LRB- I would certainly have given this five stars if it was still only $ 11 ! -RRB-
 best quality frame out there ... the enamle lettering is a very nice touch and the chrome plating excellent
 The key fob works great , a plus is that it came with a battery and did not take long to program at the dealer . Easy enough to put a key ring on too .
 Good to know what the tranny is doing , this gauge helped . Tiny washers , bolts . Very bright lumination ... Need to back it off a bit . Sport ST has a subtle look . Worked for my need .
 First time purchasing a Prestone brand serpentine belt.Very satisfied with the apparent quality , but only the test of time will really tell.Got a great price , so even just a few years service will pay for itself.I have three engines to maintain , and will not hesitate to purchase another Prestone belt at this good of a price .
 Every car needs an owners manual , try to find one this old , perfect book , I just love it , thanks Amazon.I can find out about all the little things on the car just like it was 1935 . Its in better shape than I am in lol .
 Easy install , they replace existing shackle using existing bolts . Lowered the rear wheel well within 1/2 inch of the front . This is the one to use on 2010 , 2011 Ford F150 .
 The only reason why i did n't give it a five is because sometimes the lights do n't turn on right away when i push the on button . it will take a few seconds before it does . this is only on occasion though , and it corrects it self.EDIT
 I bought this belt due to pinched for money . I am happy to say this is a better belt than I thought I was getting .
 This product fit perfectly and was as good as the description had described it . surprisingly it came with the bearings and seals . minor scratch but no worse than the one i took off .
 About a 1/4 of the price that Jegs or Summit charge for the same setup . . Even if one burns up tomorrow , still ahead of the game !
 Purchased 3 . All worked fine for me . Would recommend as a replacement coil . Did not notice any difference in performance .
 This is the proper cap for 78 - earlier ford tanks with the longer retainer tabs on the cap as compared to the short tabs of the 79 models . good anodized coating & heavy rubber seal .
 This is a hard one to rate . The first shipment only had 3 pads in it . I contacted Amazon and almost instantly received a shipment label to return this pair . They also sent a replacement pair prior to receiving my return shipment . The best thing about these shoes was that they came with replacement clips .
 Works with : Milwaukee 48-28-1040 12-by-7 / 16-Inch Universal Quik-Lok Extensionto make holes even deeper.Milwaukee 48-25-5150 2-9/16 - Inch Switchblade Selfeed Bitwhich comes in a few different sizes.Bosch Daredevil NKST16 Auger Bit , 1-Inch by 7-1/2 - Inch , 4-Inch useable lengtha more standard auger bit .7 / 16IN HEX SHANK 1/2IN X3IN PINto change it back to a normal impact wrench.Yea , you can make some seriously deep holes . . through houses , trees , telephone poles , railroad ties . . you name it.It 's only 7 amps but do n't look at that . Because of the hammer and anvil system this drill has it puts out way more torque and power than any 10amp drill . It is heavier , you can make deeper and wider holes than any other drill I know of.On a normal 10amp drill if the bit gets bound up , the drill will just keep spinning and can literally break your wrist . With this drill the impact is transferred inside the drill to the hammer and anvil . These drills were originally designed to take lug nuts off semi-trucks . Some impacts are used in heavy industry for lug-nuts as big as your fist and can deliver 1,000 ft pounds torque . . but can be held by a person . This drill is actually safer for big-hole applications.Hope that helps .
 Installed unit for a 2009 Dodge Ram 1500 4x4 5.7 L. Works great , only gripe is the diff calls for 75-90 weight oil NON-Synthetic . You can not use synthetic oil with this diff , but Chrysler wants 75-140 synthetic oil in there rears . So there is a conflict of interest here , in order for my LSD to work I need non synthetic and in order to keep my life time warranty from Chrysler for my rear I must use synthetic .
 It 's been about a year since I purchased this strut bar , and I have nothing but positive things to say about it.Installation was a snap , as it should be . All you have to do is assemble the brace and bolt it into the strut towers ... It took me about 15 minutes.Around town or at a low speed , there is no difference in steering , which is a given . On windy roads , though , this thing really shows its worth . The Accord already has an excellent road/steering feel with its double-wishbone suspension , and this is the icing on the cake . Steering into sharp turns feels sport-car direct.Plus , it has a cool -LRB- fake -RRB- carbon fiber-y look to it . I have no idea why the description says chrome , as only the connectors on each side are chrome .
 This spark arrestor works , however be forwarned ; INSTALLATION IS VERY DANGEROUS ! . To the credit of supplier , the arrestor comes with similar safety warning , however I believe the warning should be much more urgent and commanding . A better warning may include following
 Brake disc arrived promptly -LRB- 3 days -RRB- and was in brand new condition in the original box , unopened . These brake discs have always performed well and I will continue to use them .
 I have had these replacement headlights installed for about a year and they are still going strong and made a big difference , especially with the driver side light which was waterfilled .
 installed this air filter in my '92 Lexus LS 400 with a screwdriver loosening only 3-4 screws one year ago . was motivated for environmental and cost reasons of a permanent air filter . though it does require cleaning once every two years according to K&N , am stepping it up to annual so be sure to buy long lasting , spray bottle cleaning kit -LSB- $ 10.00 -RSB- . if you ca n't be bothered with simple cleaning procedure , then stay with your paper throw away filter . since filter is a patented cotton material K&N instructions must be followed - no shortcuts . though not looking to hop up my v-8 at my age , was impressed with increased acceleration of about 10-15 % . thought gas mileage would improve with increased air flow , but have not noticed it now that i have retired and mostly intown driving . still believe it will increase gas mileage on freeways . K&N mentions improved gas mileage but does n't make a big deal of it . their pitch is performance and it works . BTW for hotrodders , there are performance models available . In California Kragen prices are the same as Amazon , but with free shipping and no sales tax -LSB- 8.75 % -RSB- go with the big A.
 There is a noticable increase in acceleration . Mileage does not increase . With the conventional filter the car would hesitate and then accrelerate . With the K&N ; unit the car just goes without hesitation.I had K&N ; filters in the past .
 AS SOON AS I PUT IT IN MY CAR I NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE IN HP AND SOUND I LOVE HOW IT SOUNDS I BOUT IT FOR MY 98 LEXUS LS 400 V8 SOUNDS LIKE A SRT8 ... NICE
 i was happy with the service and condition of the filter it fit perfectly dont know how the gas milage it saved me let but i am happy so far
 K&N ; E-2606 Replacement Air FilterThis is such a nice product , easy to clean and install . Most importantly , it is environmental friendly and we do n't have waste more money any more .
 I ordered this based solely on the dimensions on the K&N website . I will say thank god the dimensions are spot on . This went between a bottom and lid of an original moon eyes air cleaner that was a must that I use on my build -LRB- kind of a sentimental thing -RRB- . It fit great and looks 10 times better than the 1.5 inch tall filter I had .
 I love my silver butterflies on my car . They are beautiful and look awesome ! I received fast and efficient service also ! Thank you !
 I needed a new set of spark plug wires for a 2004 Dodge Grand Caravan with 3.8 L . These wires fit nicely and compare well to OEM .
 This gas tank fits my 4x4 toyota 4 runner perfectly . It comes with the lower assembly where you attach the fuel filler to which was awsome as toyota has discontinued this part . Worked perfect with all the parts I needed and went right in !!
 First of all , if anybody has a 4runner do some research about fuel tanks . 2wd and 4wd have different fuel tanks . When I got this fuel tank from amazon , it did n't specified if it was for a 2wd or 4wd , it just said that this part would fit my 1994 Toyota 4runner . So I got it , plus it was in a mega sale , 75 % off , regular price anywhere else including eBay was anywhere from $ 150.00 to $ 200.00 I got it for $ 38.00 , not to bad . Very good quality , not made in Taiwan nor china which was a plus , very good finish and it came with a year warranty , it just did n't fit my 4runner , but luckily I trade it for other parts that I need it for the same vehicle -LRB- trade in on Craig 's list -RRB- . It all work out just fine at the end .
 My car alarm beeper key loop that holds it to the key chain had broken and in which case I had to store it somewhere else besides with the car keys that are on the keychain . Quite often , when I take it out of my jacket pocket or purse -LRB- because I have so many things in my arms -RRB- , I dropping it on the ground . When it 's dark , cold , wet , or snowy out , that 's the last thing you want to be doing ... groping the ground for the the car alarm beeper -LRB- I had a spare one but the PCB inside the casing broke and soldering the pieces together did n't solve the overall solution -RRB- I 've been so frustrated looking for a way to keep it with my car alarm beeper that I sought other solutions to my problem . This little pouch did the trick . Although it 's meant for money , I used it for my own purposes . This pouch allows me to keep the alarm with the rest of my keys and zipping the car key alarm inside the pouch is easy so there 's less fumbling around so you have less chances of dropping it on the ground . It 's a great little pouch .
 I do n't like to carry a bulky purse when riding my motorcycle . This allows me to carry just the essentials . It 's waterproof .
 This is a niche product that will be very useful when boating but as an everyday tool it 's lack of multiple pouches or ID window make it pale in comparison to other Chums products.Only purchase this wallet if you are specifically looking for THE BEST floating wallet . Otherwise look at the other Chums surf-wallet offerings.Why is it a 5-star product - because for what it was meant and made for it 's perfect , just do n't think it 's gunna do more than that .
 I like having my keys on my wallet instead of things in separate pockets . I hate bulky wallets with Constanza type wallet thickness . I keep a few dollars in the outside pouch -LRB- who uses cash anymore ? -RRB- and my debit and IDs in the zip section.Theyre secure and everything is all together , and my gay friends tell me it looks fabulous .
 I recently attached this item to my 2007 Nissan Maxima . It fit fairly well and seems very solid . I use it to trailer my sport bike with my car . All the hardware was correct and the instructions were easy to follow . I recommend downloading the direction ahead of time as so you can make sure that you have the required tools . Putting this on was not a hard task but it will require someone to be mechanically inclined . It took me about 3 hours to put it on . I will give pointers on some of the major steps .1 . The mufflers must be unbolted ; I back onto my car ramps that I got from auto zone to give me the clearance needed to do the job . I used straps to hold the mufflers as I unbolted them . Once unbolted , I loosened the straps one by one until the cat rest on its cross member . I used a third strap to hold mufflers to either side2 . The access holes in the frame must be enlarged . I used a sawzall but a rotary tool with cutting blade will do also . You have to have the mufflers out of the way because the hole is directly above them .3 . It would be a good idea to have two people when it comes time to attach the hitch . If you are doing by yourself you have a good chance of pushing the bold back into the frame . Once that happens you will then spend some time getting the bolt out and back though the mounting hole .4 . Rear bumper fascia clips have to be bent around the hitch and reattached bumper fascia . It will change were the bumper fascia mounts .5 . The two holes that you drill into the trunk need to be sealed so water does n't enter trunk . I used caulk and put it generously around the hole on the trunk side . When you put the metal plates and bolts on the caulk it will spread under the plate . As you torque the bolt from the bottom it will force the caulk down around the nut and hitch to seal it .
 This item was just as expected . I actually bought this item as a replacement fuel cap for a tractor . It fits and works perfectly . I am very satisfied with this purchase . The seller delivered just as advertised .
 For an high mileage vehicle ! I 've added an additional 5 + miles per gallon to my fuel mileage -LRB- 18mpg -RRB- and my engine runs better than ever @ 237495 original miles .
 Yeah , I 've gotten different brands of wire sets over the years , and they are all Ok . This one looks better . Better materials , better boots , exact length match to original equipment . These were for a Dodge Stratus 2.4 liter , and they are just fine .
 My 2003 PT Cruiser had only 52,000 miles on it when I bought it from the original owner . Shortly after , the car developed a `` miss '' or `` lag '' in the engine . After reading online users ' forums , I learned the plug wires often go bad after 30,000 - 40,000 miles . I had my tech install these when he did the tuneup . With new plugs and wires , the car runs great !
 My car needed new wires and they worked greate , help even more on gas and horse power , speed was a plus
 I 've used K&N filters in the past , so was already sold on the quality . Prices in the local autoparts stores were much higher . This is an excellent deal !!
 the brake rotors are excellent in quality they brake smoothly . The price and shipping made this a great purchase and highly recommend them to any who are buying .
 I own Harley Davidson 2009 Street Bob . I am very pleased on how the Motherwell solo luggage rack looks and of course a perfect fit . I would order from Motherwell again
 The Centric rotors are of BMW original quality . The fit was perfect and they deliver a smooth quite ride and good breaking performance . Delivered on time and good packaging .
 Straight bolt up . Easy to lock in . Price was right . looks good . What more can you say . Better than OEM . Easier to use and looks better .
 This wire set fits my 1997 Mitsubishi mirage and it was easy to replace . The price is better on amazon compared to local stores -LRB- like advanced auto parts -RRB- . Overall I am satisfied with my purchase .
 This is just what every car needs . It drops right in place of the original , it 's washable/reusable , and I 've noticed that I get 1-2 mpg better with it .
 the piece is made well and sits great in the lexus air box . very easy to install and uninstall . I did not notice any real performance gains or better milage . but still worth the money to just take it out clean it and put it back in . over the long run it will save you money .
 I do n't normally comment on products I purchase from Amazon but I had to post some actual information for other people on the fence looking to buy this air filter . I questioned the affect this would have on my 2007 Camry but everything claimed by K&N ; is true . My in town mileage went up a full MPG . The car has never seemed more responsive and my wife even commented on how zippy the car was . The dealer wanted almost the same price for the Toyota filter without the warranty.I have told my wife multiple times since I got this filter that I do n't understand why more people do n't go this route . It is pretty much a no brainer
 Easy upgrade for my 2010 xB . Noticed an immediate improvement in throttle response and gained approximately 2 mpg ! I 've owned these filters for my previous cars and they have never disappointed me !
 This was the cheapest place to buy this brand filter for my Toyota . It fits great and improves the mileage .
 Well worth the cost !! I plan not to use any more paper filters since I 've nstalled this one !! I would recommend to purchase the oil when you purchase the filter so you have it on hand after it is time to clean and re-install .
 I just need a better replacement than my thicker stock filter on my xb , I just notice a slight faster throttle in the lower rpm like it pulls quicker when going from 0-35mph , other than I just hope it last 30,000 miles before replacing again
 If you change your air filter as often as you should , there really is no reason not to get a reusable filter . Do n't know about any mileage or power gains , but I DID notice a little more intake growl .
 very good item and i recommend every body to check it if you check it you will notce the differntbetween the normal and this filter
 Surely has more airflow in my Scion as i can hear it.Seems to have a BIT more pep.Just nicer to not have to change your air filter . Just clean it when and if needed : -RRB- No change in mpg .
 All my vehicles have K&N air cleaners . First thing I add to all of them . Great product . More power better fuel mileage period ! I do n't understand reviewers who claim they do n't perform as mine does ? Some people ???
 I have used K&N ; filters for years . I like the idea that you can replace the factory paper air filter with a reusable one that will eventually pay for itself . They are simple to maintain and provide more air flow to your engine . The only additional expense involved is the cleaning kit and a few minutes with a hose . Rinse the filter allow to dry and spray it with K&N ; filter oil and you 're done . For the cost of a couple of paper filters , you could have one that will last for the life of your car.Since installing this filter , I have noticed a 2-3 mpg improvement during my normal commute in my 4 cyl Pontiac Vibe . With gas on it 's way to $ 4.00 per gallon and beyond , I 'll take any increased efficiency that I can get .
 If you have never used a K&N filter , you should . It is all about airflow . Try breathing through a straw -LRB- regular paper filter -RRB- , then breathe normally -LRB- K&N -RRB- . You will notice the difference the first time you step on the gas . Also , it increased my MPG from around 19 in city , to around 22 . Worth the money .
 I hope this is not too nerdy , I put together the analysis below based on my car and usage . I work in finance dept and used to calculating savings based on certain parameter.Noticed slight improvement in MPG -LRB- about 1-2 MPG -RRB- . Very easy to install and fit perfectly into canister for OEM air filter.Great value.Price that I paid for this K&N ; is about $ 5 more than what Lexus dealer want to charge me for their OEM air filter -LRB- parts only , excluding labor -RRB- . I put in about 20,000 miles/year . With OEM air filter , I averaged 26 MPG = 769 gallon/year . With K&N ; air filter , assuming improvement of 1 MPG means I can get 27 MPG = 740 gallon/year . Savings of 29 gallon/year . My average gasoline price is $ 3.9 / gallon ; which translate to savings of $ 113/year in gasoline.This is excluding slight improvement in HP and long term savings of not having to pay for $ 25-30 / air filter every 30k miles.Overall saving assuming keeping the car for 120k miles1 . Savings in gasoline -LRB- only start after 30k miles , because the car brand new already come with OEM air filter . The K&N ; filter is purchased at 30k miles which is first time air filter need to be replaced -RRB- ; 120k-30k = 90k miles driven with K&N. ; Savings is $ 113 for every 20k miles , SAVINGS in gasoline = $ 5082 . Savings in not having to buy OEM air filter . Driving a car for 120k , require 3 OEM air filter -LRB- 30k , 60k , 90k , do n't need to buy anymore at 120k , cause that is the time when car is being sell -RRB- . Cost of OEM filter = 3 x $ 30 = $ 90 . Cost of K&N ; = $ 34 -LRB- at 30k miles -RRB- + $ 13 filter care kit -LRB- so can clean the filter to operate car from 30k to 120k miles -RRB- = $ 47 . Total savings due to filter cost and operating the car up to 120k miles = $ 90 - $ 47 = $ 43For my analysis , savings is about $ 508 + $ 43 = $ 551Again , this is only applicable for someone that purchase K&N ; when the OEM air filter is due for replacement at 30k miles and driving the car up to 120k and selling it.Of course , the results will be different if MPG is higher , or if someone replaced their air filter every 15k miles as opposed to 30k miles for my case , etc.This is just to have an idea , how much I can potentially save in the long run .
 A noticeable performance improvement and save me money from having to buy a new air filter each time . Recommended !
 this item is a very good quality made . it increases my Toyota AVALON performance by little . also , the performance will be observed when you compare your car with other one of the same brand . it will differ by little and not that much . i advise others to try it .
 i love it !!! 1 !!!!! mm m mn m m , m , m , m , m , m , , , , , m
 I put K&N s ; in all of my vehicles for the wash-ability factor and performance gains.I was surprised that my TC2 sounded amazing with this filter in!My neighbor and I both have the same 2013 Scion TC , but mine definitely sounds better . -LRB- lower rumble with stock pipes -RRB- I would highly recommend this filter because of the comparison to the stock filter ! The stock ones are no joke cardboard !!!!
 This is my third K&N filter I purchased in recent years . More power due to increased airflow without the added noise that some the intake systems makes . You ca n't go wrong because you never have to purchased another air filter again ... just make sure to tell the shop that you have a reusable filter . Before installing the new filter , make sure to observe all components of the original setup . I had a hard time putting on the clips that hold the filter cover in place due to rushing through the process . Something that usually takes 10 minutes to install took me 25 min . Highly recommend !
 Easy to install and I could tell a definite difference in the sound and performance of the engine . I always liked K&N products and the ease of installation combined with the performance makes this a great product . I have seen a slight increase in my mpg which is also a plus !
 One of the best , but I still have n't received the k & n filter yet . I had to buy one from the store . Should n't take the long for a filter . It 's been in Florida for 4 to 5 days
 Every time I purchase a new car my first upgrade is a K&N air filter . Better mileage , no more paper filter changes with every oil change , and knowing that my car has the best filter made is a driving pleasure !!!
 Great having install instruction available . I looked them over and it work as it stated !!!
 A direct and perfect fit , they don &#8217; t fold up and they stay flat and in place and they are easy to clean .
 This thing is a monster . Runs my entire house . I have a well pump , septic , and Furnace . Did n't even 1 \ 2 load this thing . Best generator I have used . Comes with the 60A panel box and the outside plug box . I hooked up most of my 2 story house to this thing and it works like a champ . For all this includes you ca n't beat the price and quality .
 After searching for a long time for a portable generator to run the whole house , I found this one . This was an excellent purchase and my family is grateful that we have this now . Can run the whole house with air-conditioning . Generac reliability . I recommend highly .
 Most of the major auto chains in my area seem to have stopped stocking refills like these . They prefer to sell the full wiper assembly , at about four times the price.If you have n't ever replaced a wiper blade before , it 's pretty simple . A pair of pliers are needed -- I find that bent tip needle nose pliers like the Xcelite CN55G 5 1/2 `` curved Long Nose Pliers are a little easier to use , but any pliers will do . Push in the metal prongs at the end of the wiper blade . With your other hand , slide the wiper blade out . These are usually stiff when you start trying to move them.Slide the old blade out , then slide in the new blade . Keep the prongs in the new blade at the distant end , or you will have to use the pliers to move them to the next retainer.This will take about five minutes , and save you about eight dollars , so you are making almost one hundred dollars an hour when you replace the wiper blade yourself rather than buying a complete assembly . Good luck !
 you will search every were but at the end K&N ; is the best . best regards , Eng.salman
 I installed this shifter knob on my 2004 Infiniti G35 5AT . The instructions leave something to be desired but I suppose that 's understandable given that this shifter is meant to be universal . Here 's what I did , perhaps this will help someone else :1 . Remove the existing shift knob -LRB- should be fairly obvious there -RRB- 2 . Remove the shifter extension rod -- this helps to lower the shifter which I think looks cooler , but YMMV3 . Unscrew the bottom silver cover from the Momo and slide it over the rod just until it stops -- at this height , pressing the button should engage the shifting mechanism4 . Mark this height on the shift rod5 . Cut the top off whichever rubber gasket fits the shift rod the best6 . Insert the gasket into the shift knob about halfway -LRB- this is important , it 's extremely easy to get the gasket stuck inside the knob and it 's a huge pain to remove if that happens -RRB- 7 . Slide the bottom silver cover over the shift rod8 . Work the knob/gasket down to the mark on the shift rod9 . Slide the knob over the gasket until it 's all flush with the mark on the rod10 . Screw in the accompanying screws and screw in the silver bottom coverIn my case , only two of the screws would thread properly but it 's really tight so I 'm not worried about it .
 All the other knobs can save you lots of money , but they always come loose . . ! kinda like buying PC laptops , and having to get a new one every couple years , this is the APPLE of shifter knobs , one you buy it and use it , be prepared to not have to replace it for a long long time , maybe never . . !
 These fit my van pretty well . They are attractive and make the car look a lot newer . You can vacuum them pretty easily for spills . I 've had a little trouble keeping one of the arm covers on but other than that they are great .
 I 've tried other pads for more money . But these are the best and not regular but professional grade . PS , I but them in myself and for being my first set of pads , wow easy .
 Bought rotors for front and rear , plus new brake pads for my '05 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4 X 4 w/5 .7 L engine . They run smooth , are quiet , and have n't warped or overheated .
 I found that these spark plug boot protectors saved me a lot of money & time , these are essential equipment for RV where the temperature under the dog house is much hotter than a truck , I was going through set of plug wire every year until I found these .
 Was n't sure what to expect . Material is like fire hose . Thick , but plyable . Kind of a PIA to install , however once I got the hang of it they went on easily . Should last a long time .
 I really appreciate you sending me such a fine product . The item arrived quickly and the price was very reasonable . Thank you .
 used this on my house ; i live in phoenix az ; this helps a lot in reducing solar heat gain coefficient ; good for your car or hour home ; do n't believe that nonsense about the film messing with the window seal ; it works fine on double pane windows & will not adversely affect their R value
 easy to install . easy to take care of ... and the best part , easy on your pocket comparing to places where they do this .
 This stuff does work very well to keep heat and light down in your car -LRB- or other window -RRB- . However you should be aware that it is very difficult to install on any window that is curved . It is almost impossible to get all the bubbles out of it and it will crease - guaranteed.Maybe i just do n't know the tricks that pros use to install this , but i got it working pretty well on my rear windows -LRB- Nissan Sentra -RRB- but the rear windsheld was much more curved and unless i am missing something , there is no good way to make a flat surface curved without either cutting it or creasing it . It still works fine - so if you want to do it yourself and do n't care too much about how it looks then go right ahead . FYI - Small windows are a bit of a pain too as it moves when you try to trim the edges if the piece is too small . - Recommended for medium sized flat windows . - Not Recommended for curved windows , small windows , or large windows -LRB- difficult to piece two sheets together -RRB- . ********** UPDATE 11/11/11 ********************* Giving one star back as it came to my attention that you can heat shrink curved surfaces . I do n't remember anything in the instructions mentioning this -LRB- which would have been helpful -RRB- , but that would have helped a lot . On another note The tint is still holding strong to my car windows -LRB- over 3 years later -RRB- . My installation job does n't look great , but is still helping keep the car cooler .
 First things first , if you DIY then be sure to watch some videos on the net to see the tips and tricks from the Pro 's . I ca n't stress it enough , I fumbled through the first roll before calling my dad and haveing to go to the local car shop to get another roll . I do have to say , price was compareable to Amazon . As for installation , thats not to be complained about here ... Every roll of DIY tinting is exactly the same size , and same applications . As for the product itself ... This tint is the 3rd out of the normal 3 sold . There are lighter and less dark , but for the three main sold , this is the middle . Its more of a smoke than a dark smoke . Its def is not the darkest out there . For most states that make it illigal to install in the front side windows , the cops may have to think a bit about it , or go get their do-dad that measures it . As for now , this is right in between no tint and my factory tinting in the back , perfectly what I wanted . Its hard to explain , and I hope it helps.So , be sure to watch the vids . Get a squegee , or a credit card . And a bottle with a ton of water and a bit of dawn , The tools suck , but water and dawn make up for it . Seriously , you cant hurt the film , unless you dont spray BOTH sides with water Dawn mix ! . Dureing the process , dont be shy , the more you use , the better it will look.This kit will do 2 side windows , thats it ... maybe a small back window , but if you have a car , then get the back window kit , it comes in strips of longer material thats designed to be in the back , and in layers , not one big piece ... but if you have a pickup or similar with a small window -LRB- s -RRB- , this one may do the trick.Good luck!One year later -LRB- Dec of 12 -RRB- There are no bubbles , no tearing from the window going up and down . I found a hair in there the other day , but thats my fault . Who have written it does n't last must not have installed it right .
 I buy this tint from my local autozone ive been doing my truck and my friends trucks for about 2 years and i love this tint its not easy to tear and doesnt fade
 This was my first time tinting a window and it went well . The Gila tint worked as advertised using a tool kit purchased through Amazon . I tinted a truck shell with all flat glass which made it easy . Do n't try it with hot glass or wind as the tint will stick together and cause problems . Otherwise take your time and go to Youtube for lots of good tips .
 I ca n't complain about this window tint . It 's pretty good . I picked it up at an auto parts store along with a window-tint kit -LRB- that included spray , a squeegee , lint free cloth , and a razor blade -RRB- . Whether this job succeeds or fails is on you . Definitely search windowing tinting extensively online and watch videos . Take your time . Also , I would suggest getting a heat gun . Even a generally `` flat '' window has some curve to it . The tint needs to shrink to those curves . The 24 `` x6 ' roll will do two windows or one rear window . I used it to tint my quarter windows -LRB- behind the rear passenger seat but before the rear window -RRB- since all of my other windows were already done -LRB- professionally -RRB- . So far so good . I messed up the first two times so I only had enough left to do one of the windows lol . I 'm going to buy some more and finish up later.I have a few GENERAL tips mainly for a stationary window in particular -LRB- this is just the basics , not in depth details -RRB- :1 -RRB- . Clean the windows very very well and run a wet razor blade on both sides of the window -LRB- s -RRB- to clean up dirt , paint , etc. 2 -RRB- . Clean the windows AGAIN , and one more time after that .3 -RRB- . Wet the outside window and lay your tint over it . Make a ROUGH cut -LRB- leave a few inches of room to play with -RRB- . Squeegee the tint down if you have to to get a better cut .4 -RRB- . Wet the inside of the window and do a rough placement BEFORE you remove the clear film to expose the tint .5 -RRB- . Make a more refined cut of the area you 're tinting . Get as accurate as you can .6 -RRB- . While removing the clear film spray the tint as you peel and the window itself again .7 -RRB- . Place the tint on the window and squeegee air bubbles and water from the middle outwards .8 -RRB- . While squeegee-ing , wet the other side of the tint as well so the squeegee glides easier .9 -RRB- . As you finish squeegee-ing , wrap a lint-free cloth around it to absorb excess fluid .10 -RRB- . You 're done !
 The tint is blocks out most of the sun rays as advertised . I have a very sensitive right eye due to a freak accident as a kid , so I very much am dreadful of the sun and its UV rays . I used this tint on my enclosed patio sliding door and I just could n't be happier . It 's well worth it , especially for the price .
 The Timken hub assembly is well machined and presses together well . The only down side is that the new snap ring has no holes for snap ring pliers and may be difficult to remove in the future .
 These perfectly replaced the BMW OEM discs at a far lower cost . The maximum runout was 0.003 inches on one of the outboard faces . The second disc had only 0.001 inches of runout on both faces . The BMW specification calls for a maximum runout of 0.004 inches so both discs were within limits.Time will tell how the E-Coating paint will hold up . The OEM rotor hubs were plated .
 Well it looks good and covers up the cracks and scratches . Easy to install and high quality fit . Would recommended highly . One quick note took FOREVER to ship ...
 Auto pros tell me that if you are keeping your car more than 3 months , use Moog suspension parts . They really are `` the problem solvers . '' I concur . Steering and suspension is no place to pinch pennies . You want the best , and in car parts today , I think Federal Mogul brands like Moog typically make superior products .
 I have used this stuff for years on bolts and other hardware I did not want to corrode . This is not suitable for brakes or any other parts that move a great deal . This is not a lube for friction reduction only for corrosion protection .
 my main concern with this was if it had the built in brush on the cap and IT DOES . i previously had `` Permatex 81343 Anti-Seize Lubricant 133 '' , and needed to use a brush to smear it on the bolt i was applying it on , plus it got punctured where i didnt have to take the cap off to get some grease . so get the 8oz anti-seize . the built in brush makes it really convenient to use
 I own a nearly 20 year old Ford Bronco and one thing that I have learned the hard way is , just about every other nut/bolt that I have tried to remove is seized up . I have taken apart/repaired/put back together many parts on my truck as I am doing a partial restore and prior to putting anything back together I use this stuff religiously.Actually , last year I put some anti seize lube on a bolt that was previously seized for my headlight housing that required a thorough soaking of pb and a ratchet & vise grip combo to remove and just removed it again yesterday and it came off with so much ease I was scared that it was just doing a free spin again -LRB- which it was n't -RRB- . I have only been using this product for a year now and I only started because it got such rave reviews and I can safely say that I will never go without having this extremely valuable product in my garage . It almost makes me want to take out every single bolt/screw , give it a coating , and replace it now before it 's too late . I 've had to cut/torch so many bolts and have lost so many hours of my life on what should have been simple 20 minute jobs that I wish that these auto manufacturers treated all of the bolts/screws/nuts with this product upon assembly.Yeah , this stuff gets messy , get enough on your hands and you sort of start to look like tin man , but it gives my wife a reason to run away from me when I threaten to smudge her up .
 I 've used this product in the past and just purchased it again . I just disassembled the parts that I had used it on in the past , and despite some external rust and corrosion on the parts , the parts themselves came apart easily.Use sparingly - it can get kind of messy if you use too much .
 I used this Anti-Seize for my lug nuts when taking off my wheels . Works perfectly , comes with a brush . Well worth the price .
 Permatex anti-seize lube arrived quickly , in perfect shape . You should probably buy this bigger bottle vs. the little tube if you have multiple vehicles and you do a fair amount of the mechanical servicing yourself . Seems that most of the modern vehicles have alloy wheels that electro-chemically weld -LRB- corrode -RRB- themselves to the vehicle hub . This causes difficulty removing wheels , and requires one to resort to bashing them off with a heavy soft-blow mallet . Same problem occurs with the rotors . Use this stuff sparingly in all metal to metal contact points to prevent parts from bonding together again in the future .
 Hello all . Yeah this stuff is really works and also amazing . I keep this in my garage and used it on many different project .
 We use this professionally in our shop and it 's the only anti seize we will use . If you are using it for personal use , then this container should last you a lifetime because it is very big . A small amount goes a long way .
 I put it on my wheel hubs and I have n't had a seized wheel since . The built in brush is convenient . On the negative side , it can be messy and difficult to clean up , but that 's the nature of the substance .
 Its a normal anti seize and I used it to prevent rust on the rotars of my car . I love the price as well as the big size . I also like that the cap has a built in brush which is really convenient .
 i use this lubricant when I am changing my spark plugs . It does its job well .
 Does what it says on the bottle . Wish the inbuilt brush was a little smaller and could be used more accurately .
 low price and high quality , I love it and it 's the cheapest product that I ever bought in my life
 It works just fine , and I have no complaints about the product , but I only ordered it online out of laziness and the next time I got to the parts store I found out that they sell small single use tubes of this stuff . Ten years from now , when I finally use up this jar , I will just get the single use packets .
 This is a versatile product . From the garage to the bedroom this product rocks . Definitely need to set up subscribe and save on this one !!
 This past summer i took on the project of rebuilding the rear suspension on my daughters Honda so ahead of time i ordered this so I 'd have plenty of anti-seize on hand during the reassembly . The brush attached to the lid came in handy for the hub surface that attaches to the brake disc , as I found them rusted together during dissassembly .
 I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR 30 PLUS YEARS , . , . WOULDNT PUT ANY THING TOGETHER WITHOUT IT . . IT WORKS GOOD ON LUG NUTS ALSO ANY ENGINE PARTS WHERE YOU HAVE ALUMINUM AND STEEL BOLTS TOGETHER , , ALSO THERMOSTAT HOUSING BOLTS WHERE COROSION IS A PROBLEM . IF IT HAS NUTS AND BOLTS ON IT IT NEEDS THIS PRODUCT ON IT . THANKS ED SCHADER
 i used on rear brake shoe replacement . It goes on easily without fuss or mess . Hopefully it performs as expected .
 I use this stuff all the time when I 'm working on cars . The biggest problem I have with it is me . I get the stuff everywhere ! On my hands and clothes and everything !
 The lubricant is exactly as described . Imagine my joy when I unboxed a product that exceeded my expectations for quality and ease of use . This product is fantastic .
 I use this almost every time I work on my car . If you have ever seen a 5 lug car hub using only 4 lugs then you know they never heard of this product . It is great on any part that you think might rust or seize together . This stuff is a life-saver on O2 sensors -LRB- thread only -RRB- and exhaust headers . Works great on spark plugs too ! I live in the Northeast USA so rust is always a threat and this product is great insurance against seized bolts and it really adheres to surfaces for long lasting protection . It has a built in brush attached to the cap so no need to get your fingers dirty -LRB- well not too dirty -RRB- . I really like this larger size as the smaller tubes are made out of metal and always break before you use it all.This product works great and is cheap , it separates a little if you store it in a hot garage but does n't separate once stirred up an applied to a part .
 I put a little smear of this on each hub when I switched my summer wheels for winter wheels . Next spring the wheels came off with almost zero effort . Bottle will last ages given how little is needed in this application .
 Us it now when you thread in spark plugs or other threaded parts , and it will save you in the future - works well , great stuff . May even have uses outside of the automotive field .
 I use Anti-sieze on nearly anything that is made of metal . If anything has the ability to rust or corrode then always use this . I have taken so many rusty bolts out that have broken , or dragged the hole way out , but now anytime I assemble something metal I use this for the fasteners to prevent breakage and easy disassembly . Reasonable price for a product that will save you money , time , and frustration .
 I 've used anti-seize for over 30 years and it 's a boon . Saves me the cuss fit when changing plugs , mower blades , lug nuts , and anything you expect to be removing in the future . If you need the same thing around electronic parts and fittings , use Permatex 's sister product , Dielectric Tune-up Grease .
 For years my work in stained glass has required the use of some type of anti-seize chemical in the soldering irons that I use -- to keep the iron 's tip from seizing in the body of the iron . I learned the hard way when my first soldering iron 's tip `` froze '' in the iron 's heater body . Eventually I had to throw away the expensive iron.When I discovered that there are such things as anti-seize lubricants for soldering irons , my worries seemed to be over . Well , not quite ! Although the lubricants that I was able to find were effective , they were a little difficult to find and came in such small tubes . They were also relatively expensive . Of course , `` expensive '' does not mean much when one is faced with having to toss a $ 150.00 soldering iron.After researching anti-seize lubricants and finding them offered on Amazon , I decided to try Permatex 's product . It was supposed to work for automobile brakes and their high temperatures , so why not for my soldering irons which would have lower temperatures?When the Permatex lubricant arrived , I immediately applied a small amount to one of my soldering irons . I have been using this iron now with the Permatex for a month , and each day I have checked to see if the iron 's tip could be easily removed . The tip came out with no difficulty , and the lubricant appeared to still be there.The Permatex 80078 Anti-Seize Lubricant is a genuine bargain . It costs very little . There is more in the 8 oz . container than I will probably ever use in my remaining work days , because it takes so little lubricant to do the job . Most important , it works very effectively .
 I use this stuff on anything I care to get apart again . This stuff sticks to everything it gets on so you can rest easy knowing that when you need to get whatever it is apart again you wont have problems .
 This Permatex anti-seize is excellent for all of the above , as it prevents the formation of rust or galvanic corrosion between steel plugs / aluminum heads , stainless bolts / steel body parts , and the wheel hub / steel wheel -LRB- rust is a problem here -RRB- . Please note that this is not a good product to use where continuous heavy vibration is present . Some variant of threadlocker is better suited to that application.I use this stuff on a daily basis , and it has saved me many fasteners that would have otherwise seized and broken off . I highly recommend it .
 This stuff has a million uses in the garage and around the house/yard . Any fastener that may rust , corrode , or otherwise lock up , just put a thin coat on the threads and do n't worry ... it 'll come right off next time . Use it on axle bolts , lug nuts , spark plugs , really any nut , bolt , screw , or anything exposed to the elements that you do n't wan to seize . And for the price , an 8oz bottle will last you for years !
 If you live ANYWHERE near the northeast or wherever it rusts , you NEED this when you work on your car
 This stuff works GREAT but it gets everywhere ! You only need a light coating on each screw , but this bottle comes with a big brush attached to the underside of the lid . You always have to wipe a ton of it off on the rim of the bottle , but it ends up glopping everywhere . Definitely keep some paper towels around when using it !
 Great unit still woking here in 2013 purchased it new in 2004 ! Quiet running and long lasting quality . Would recomend to anyone looking for a small generator .
 The pads fit my 2004 Saturn Vue Redline AWD V6 just fine , no issue . 1000 miles on them and the new Raybestos rotors and all is well .
 This exhaust showed up early . The exhaust is new and is is exactly as promised . This should add some more horsepower .
 Just a note because i HAPPILY own one of theze little buggers -LRB- 110v 7.5 amp -RRB- . No , it aint much but what it is is GREAT ! Bought as LAST generator in southern tier of New York for 2006 floods and NEVER regretted . OBVIOUSLY , it is limited , but it CAN run many tools and appliances ; more than one wood expect . a standard FRIDGE , 5-9cuft freezer -LRB- check ratings -RRB- , small circular saws , sawsalls , drills . VERY small nailgun compressors . The cig plug batt charger works VERY WELL , but you do need a HEAVY DUTY plug for the socket . standard cig plugs will MELT charging batts , but runs normal loads well . We can run 5hr on 1/2 -3 / 4 load . With good fuel ; EXCELLENT start-ups . Now if you want a actual household `` stand by power '' , you need BIGGER ; hot water heaters REQUIRE 4500W minimum . but for good occasional ECONOMICAL , camping , or field use , BUY IT ! as with ALL gas-powered products you MUST , no arguing , MUST add ethanol type fuel stabilizer to ALL BRANDS gas . we use premium and have MUCH BETTER results as well . Synthetic oil not a `` must '' , but does make noticeable difference in small units -LRB- after break-in run -RRB- . our use , power out , we can run fridge or freezer , TV and computer and couple of lights . start fridge , then TV and add one atta time from there . I HAVE volt checked each run and very stable 115-117 volts even when swap fridge to freezer . neither need be plugged in ALL DAY . well there you go !! i guess i AM satisfied with ours :o-RRB- enjoy !!
 Extremely easy to use started on very first pull and a lousy one at that . It is not as quite as I expected or was led to believe , but having said that it is n't terribly loud . Too high of expectation ?? Overall extremely well made and easy to use .
 Good amount of power for the price ... What I like ... great on gas for the amount of power it puts outgood amount of power for the pricefairly lite compared to other equivalent unitssturdy and easily transportedstarts fairly easily in warm weatherdecent gas tank capacitylow oil detection device is a nice insurance policy2 year warrantygas gauge on gas capgood surge capacity -LRB- 8500 watts or 55 % more the rated load capacity -RRB- What could be improved ... noisey little bugger!handle is a little flimsyno electric startUnknown as of yet ... not sure how this will start when it 's colder , I 'm sure I 'll wish it had the electric start though !
 I was more than satisfied on this generator as a backup power supply unit . The 5500 running watts along with the 8,500 starting watts more than supplied my needs . During Hurricane Jeanne , I was able to power a 230 volt 12,000 BTU window air conditioner unit along with 2 refridgerators , a 27 '' television , cable TV , and three lights . I felt the unit could sustain a bigger load since the generator ran for 10 1/2 hrs on the tank of gas . The only time that I was aware that the generator was loading down was when the compressor would kick in on the air conditioner . The built in regulator kept the unit at a sustained output.It was obvious I did not run the unit at full loading . This unit ran for 48 hours during the outage and we expierenced no problems with the unit . It did not use any oil and was extremely reliable.On unpacking the unit and setting the unit up was a quick and easy matter . The initial start up took two pulls on the recoil start . From that point on , everytime I started the generator -LRB- even after it had been off for 4 hours -RRB- one pull was all that was needed.The neighbors advised me on how quiet they thought the unit ran.The only draw back was that due to the size of the unit , even though it is on wheels , makes it difficult to move around . Most women would never be able to move it around . The wheels set towards the back so the majority of the 180 pounds are situated directly on the front feet . I would have preferred to have the wheels and handle on opposit sides so when you would pull the unit out from under a protective cover -LRB- during the rains -RRB- , you would not have to pull it all the way out to shut it off to refuel it .
 Unit did the job during the short period of power disruption caused by hurricane Jeanne . Started on first pull out of the box and any other time I have started it . It has more than enough power to handle a freezer , two refrigerators , a few lights , fan , and TV . Despite the oversized muffler , it still produces a pretty good amount of noise -LRB- thus four stars -RRB- . But , it sure cost a lot less than a quieter Honda .
 I bought this from Home Depot using a 10 % card , this is the one top rated by Consumer Reports , but as usual no longer manufactured by Generac -LRB- Briggs and Stratton now makes it -RRB- It started first pull , and I ran a compressor , chop saw , and battery charger and the voltage never dropped below 113 volts , except on the compressor surge where it dropped to 109 . It is big and bulky , and I would recommend a transfer box if you were going to rely on this , in my case its a true emergency generator so i can run my tools directly to it.It is loud , even with the silencer , but no more so than a large pressure washer.When we leave Hurricane gulch in a few years look for it on eBay ...
 I purchased this over 5 years ago and it works like a champ . I purchased it when I was building my house and it has powered everything . . Saws , vacuum , air compressor and welders . It 's also been used to charge batteries while camping for an RV . Air compressors and Welders usually trash generators , but I 've never had any issues with this welder . When I purchased it new i was $ 700.00 and it was well worth it .
 My powers out after a bad electrical storm , power company should fix it sometime this week , what they said . After sitting in my garage for 2 years it started on the first pull -LRB- after numerous pulls with the power switch OFF -RRB- . The power switch is in a bad spot , hidden way under the gas tank . You ca n't see it unless you get down on your knees and look for it . I have it plugged into my dryer plug powering my whole house . My 2 year old watching the 55 '' projection TV , my son playing the Wii on another TV , 2 refrigerators , water heater , pool filter , this PC and wife on the phone all day . I turned on my A/C unit and it blew the generators fuse -LRB- everything else turned off -RRB- . It 's gon na be 100 today so there are fans blowing full blast all day . Last night with a full tank it lasted 8 hours , 3 ceiling fans and one box fan.I also left the choke on half way all night by accident . I had a terrible night sleep because of the noise it makes . I do n't know what everyones talking about when they say it 's quiet . The only way I could sleep was with ear plugs.If I had to buy another generator I would buy this again . Now if I can only get a better muffler for it .
 lost my truck w / the club . got my chopped up rx-7 back w / lo-jack . woke all my neighbors with my car alarm . i got the alpha lock and now i can sleep at night . light easy to apply , turn your drivers side wheel in , apply the lock and presto its on!cant forget it when you get in your car its right there in front of you . ass-kickin product .
 This bar does what we need , it just is n't easy to use . For the price it is a good product and I have purchased three of them .
 This kit comes with 2 steering stabilizers -LRB- shocks -RRB- . The first one replaces the factory stabilizer . The second one clamps onto the track bar and tie rod with U bolts.It did not quite fit my 2005 TJ . The hardware to attach the first stabilizer to the steering assembly did n't fit . The bolt was too thick . I got a grade 8 1/2 -13 3.5 '' bolt from Lowes to replace it . You will also need a metal sleeve to fit inside of the bushing . They only included one sleeve in the kit -LRB- for the other end -RRB- , but I had one from my old stabilizer . 3.5 '' is actually quite long for the bolt , and you can probably use a 3 '' if you want a shorter bolt.For securing the other end of the stabilizer to the frame bracket I used a 1/2-13 2.5 '' bolt . The bushings gave that end a very tight fit . I had to slightly bend the bracket out to get it in there.The second stabilizer was easy to install . Just mount the brackets with the U bolts and basically make it look like the picture . This shock has a OAL of 17 '' closed and 25 '' extended . You want to make sure that when you tighten the U bolts in place , the shock is exactly 21 '' long . The will give you the most amount of travel left and right.Since these shocks will stiffen your steering up , do n't turn the steering wheel when you 're not moving . You do n't want to overwork your power steering . I noticed a big improvement in the stability of my steering . Any little bump used to make my steering wheel jerk to the side . Now it is more stable . I recommend these if you have 35 '' or larger tires . It 's probably overkill for 33 '' and smaller.This review sounds long , but actually it only took me about an hour to install .
 This cargo bar is easy to use , not flimsy like some , and holds the load in place . It 's easy to use , yet lightweight . Good buy for the price .
 I use it in my car trunk or truck w / toper to hold items I do n't want rolling around . I have n't had any problems with it and it is durable .
 I 've had this ratcheting cargo bar for quite a while now and use it practically every day in my pickup with Tonneau Cover -LRB- might be why its lasted so long . -RRB- used mainly in combination with plastic crates , it works great to keep groceries and other cargo secure . Good product !
 this is one of my favorite options on my truck - this is my third one as i had one stolen by someone that needed it more than me and other one was thrown into recycleable bin by accident by a friend using truck to take junk to center
 Very fast shipping . Very durable and easy to use . The grip feet on the ends hold the bar in place very well . The rachet adjustment helps out , where others were a slip adjustment and would loosen up over time .
 The cargo bar works great to keep things in place in my pickup and allows me to adjust the space to the exact spot needed according to what I am hauling . This is a great product at a reasonable price .
 This bar is really heavy duty . I would n't worry about securing a washer or dryer in the back up of a pick up with it . I like the ratchet feature to make sure it 's good and tight . Much cheaper on Amazon than auto parts store . Very satisfied !
 Bar works great and was much cheaper to purchase on amazon than at a store like autozone . Space management on a truck bed made simple .
 This load bar was exactly what I needed . I was always pulling out my tie down straps when I was securing the simplest of loads . Now its a breeze with this load bar . To be quite honest I 've been sho4pping on amazon for about a year now and I 'm very satisfied with the products they offer . It really is the the best prices out there , and the shipping is outstanding . I always go wirh standard 3 to 5 day shipping and it gets there quick .
 Seems like it should do the trick , easy to use and compact . . I just hope it could hold my things in place .
 i got the floor mats for my hubson for christmas and he loved it . hes really happy that i got them for him
 very nice floor mats i bought these and the Chevy racing steering wheel cover and they look good together in my Monte Carlo . the only bad thing i can say about them is you have to scrub the white parts of the mats when you clean them . but they fit nice I 'd buy them again !
 I purchased a set of Pilot long range driving lights -LRB- identical to KC Daylighters -RRB- . The reflectors were poorly designed and the light was poor . I purchased these lamps as an upgrade . The 4049 is a direct fit into the rubber grommet and have standard wiring tabs and screw tabs . I upgraded to 10 gauge wire for the high power consumption . Super bright.In summary , buy the cheapest 6 inch round light you can find , paint them , then get the 4049 bulbs for them . Do n't forget 10 gauge wire and a relay.UPDATE
 This cover is strong and fits the larger size tires . I had to replace the first one when someone ran into my Jeep at a red light . The cover tore and it messed up the rim but the cover actually protected the spare tire from any damage . The insurance company bought another one locally but had to return it -LRB- too small -RRB- so I went right back here and bought a replacement that I knew fit , would last and was strong . Much better made . Old one lasted for 6 years and still looked good .
 Update 1/11/13Still like the generator but there are a couple of things to note . It uses a ton of fuel . This is an issue when the power is out and gas is not readily available . We are now looking into switching it to natural gas so that we can keep it running during long power outages . The handle is underbuilt for the size of this thing and should have been made to lift from both sides not just the right side . It has easily bent and now needs to be fixed . Changing the oil is a bit tricky.From a power standpoint it is awesome . I have yet to overpower it even when connected to the house . During the last ice storm even the neighbors were plugged into it . It 's a great generator but man is it loud!Original Review : Great so far . Easy to start and maintain but it is super loud . When they say quiet they must mean slightly quieter than a motor with no muffler . I 'll have to build a shed to silence it . Overall though we are happy with it .
 Awesome generator for the price compared to the competition . Comes with ALMOST everything you need . Did n't come with a 50amp plug . Although to Briggs ' credit , they include 3 plugs -LRB- 20a/120v ,20 a/240v ,30 a/240v -RRB- , wheel kit , cover , spare oil filter , spare 2qts oil , spare spark plugs and even a spare air filter w / prefilter ! Unit cranks and runs like a dream . Comes w / 2yr consumer warranty . Only issue I had with it was it did NOT have an hour meter , but an easy fix for ~ $ 30 . I panel-mounted one I got from auto parts store -LRB- see picture -RRB- . Have had no problems with auto-idle control as previous reviewers .
 For the last 27 years , we have lost power 3-4 times a year and never at a ` good ' time . I read all the reviews , visited Home Depot and many stores , calculated my needs , and ordered the 10K to backup my entire house -LRB- 2400 sq. ft -RRB- including A/C or heat . Along with the generator , I had a manual transfer switch installed . The generator required very little setup , although I did need the help of a friend unpacking ; it started the first time I pushed the electric start ... in a second it was running the whole house with A/C ... fantastic . I have never used it in a real ` power out situation ' but run it for 5-10 minutes each month for maintenance . The noise level is tolerable and less than other generators , according to several reviews.The price and quality ... which equals value ... are the best for a portable generator . For about $ 3500 -LRB- generator , manual transfer switch , electrical material and labor -RRB- this is a cost effective way to back up your house with just the flip of a switch . My only regret is that I wish I had gotten the sale price ... after finding on Amazon , I waited until the next day to order .
 We live at 8300 feet in the Colorado Rockies . Although power failures are infrequent , they tend to be lengthy . As we are on an electrically powered well , no power means no water as well as no heat.We have had the generator for 2 years and have used it for two lengthy periods , both over 24 hours.It has performed flawlessly with an abundance of power for the whole household including the 4000W well startup . It is well interference protected as well as surge protected so we can use our delicate electronic equipment without concern.Maintanance is simple and easy , the trickle charger keeps the battery at full charge and it starts easily regardless of temperature . A excellent piece of equipment in all regards .
 Overall , this is a great generator but it would be better if it had an hour meter since the maintenance is based upon the run time . Would I but it again - YES . Enough said .
 This is an excellent generator . Extremely well-built with one of the best engines available . Although most people consider the Honda engines better , I would argue that the Vanguard OHV dual cylinder engines by Briggs and Stratton are superior . The advantage of two cylinders is less noise -LRB- relative to a single cylinder -RRB- and smoother operation , particularly during load shifts.They start in very cold weather without problems . And unlike most generators , this one comes with tires and a battery . I had the transfer switch installed this past weekend and we tested the generator on a standard whole-house load . The generator had no problems running everything in the house , including a large central air conditioner . I turned on my 6HP air compressor and it started up without problems . I confirmed that this unit can temporarily provide 12.5 KW , and seems to run smoothly at 11KW although it is only rated at 10KW . The only advantage to the more expensive inverter-based Hondas is during low-power operation when the RPMs can be cut back . This generator must operate at full-speed even when providing only 2KW of power . But for whole-house operation , I do not think you can find a more cost-effective , reliable system .
 I bought this for hurricane use and it powers my entire house including a 2 1/2 ton central A/C unit . It works great and will fill your most likely needs . Best item I ever bought from Amozon.com .
 I like it very much , it works great !!!
 I bought these to freshen up the look of my 89 silverado , plus needed the `` heavy duty `` ness of them . I ordered 4 , thinking I 'd be getting 4 , but now I have 8 , so a few extras in case they grow legs , or for down the line.They were super easy to install . . mine called for modifying the inside plates , and it was a breeze to do using 2 visegrips . I had them on my truck in less than 20 minutes from start to finish . Very sturdy ! And they look great !
 This product is designed with excellent technology ; carburetors have come a long way from carburetors withno metering rods to carburetors with metering rods that pulse fuel flow controled by the computor 's outputreferred to as dwell . The solenoid came with a new plunger ; springs and m/c solenoid connector plug.Excellent buy .
 Oil cap , good quality , enough said ! I was looking for a slim oil cap for a project I 'm doing on my Ford/Mazda PCV system , and this was a perfect fit . Shipping cost almost as much as the cap itself but it was well worth it to find the perfect shaped oil cap .
 Nifty little things . Well made for what they are . There is no clamping mechanism in the ends , nor can you add such inside them . They are simply dress-ups for your vacuum hose ends . Note there are 10 per package .
 These tips are very well made . I have used them for years and the color and shine will last even after running dirty/mud covered for months . Just a little elbow grease has them shining like new ! The longer sizes work well on a truck because you ca n't even see the actual pipe , only nice , shiny tips . They do have a subtle Magnaflow name stamped into the top outer edge , but since I am a fan of -LRB- and use -RRB- their products , I have always welcomed the branding . I would consider these expensive , but also believe you get what you pay for !
 All of the women of my family have an impressively extensive collection of decorations that really bring out the holiday cheer and of course require lots of those little C5 lights . In a time of when energy conservation is becoming a paramount , it 's nice to know there is a way to light up your home and still conserve.Though not as bright as traditional bulbs these LED 's produce a nice glow that illuminates your village scenes quite nicely and only uses pennies a year . With a large selection you will find uses from Christmas to Halloween and all the rest of the holidays throughout the year .
 It could be a bit brighter , but at night , when trying to find your way in pitch black , it 's good enough .
 I read somewhere that a red nightlight bulb disrupted your sleep rhythms less than an ordinary bulb so I decided to give it a try . It 's not overly bright , but I can still see enough by it to make it useful . Will repurchase when necessary .
 I bought several colors -LRB- one each -RRB- as a ` sample ' so I could compare to incandescent c7 christmas lights , before I jumped into over a hundred dollars for -LRB- four of the -RRB- the more eaily found 25-packs . I just could not justify the risk without seeing them first-hand and right next to a basic bulb.In a dark room we measured how easily we could read small print at arms length with both lights -LRB- not a very scientific or replicable measure - but still a measure -RRB- . The incandescent bulb fairly well lit the wash-room . The LED was significantly dimmer - to the point that we could not really read . However , that may not be a negative . My wife noted that the light emitted was prettier . The old bulb -LRB- transparent color -RRB- was just a glaring filament that she saw as not pretty . She really like the LEDs light output . We both thought it was a purer color and more even . While it does not light up the neighborhood , it is still bright enough for us . Nobody would look at them as ask why they were dim . They probably would not even notice unless they were right next to an older incandescent set.We have previously also used incandescent mini-lights in strings and nets . I have hated the ` white-light ' glare-through you get when the paint has flaws or chips . It ruins the effect . So you either have to go with pricier sets or get new ones every year.Next the cost . At over $ 1 per bulb , they are much pricier that sets that have ` pre-wired ' LED bulbs . However , two or three years ago we bought a big set of the pre-wired lights . After they were up we found about 1 every week or two would go out . What to do ? We just looped the wire and re-mounted them each time to hide the dead bulb . That was a real pain.Thus we have the same dilemma as all the rest - is it really worth $ 130 to have one string of 100 lights ? I do n't know . It would take years to save that much money on power - assuming they last longer than the pre-wired light did . They certainly seemed to be engineered better . However , they use so much less power -LRB- 1/4 the amps -RRB- that you will put less stress on your circuits or will be able to power more lights overall.I guess all I can add to your decision making is that they seem as good or better than I thought they would be and we will probably make the jump to order the 25-packs this year . However , it is really wise to order one of each color to make a comparison yourself . It will be less than $ 10 - but only amazon sells them individually -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- .
 I bought several of these to use as decorative accent bulbs . They are great for that purpose . They run cool , burn little energy and burn almost forever . The white bulbs are bluish . The colored bulbs are spectacular . The colors are incredibly vibrant . Like laser light.I do n't know what country manufactures these . They are not marked . I 've had several of these running constantly for months now . There have been no failures . Despite what another reviewer said , the quality seems fine .
 This bulb works very well in my ceramic Christmas village lighthouse . It might be slightly dimmer than the standard bulb , but it is fine for this purpose . It consumes much less electricity.ThanksJohn C. Briggs
 Exact fit and better than OEM at a much lower price point . These lights function perfectly and are superior to OEM .
 Perfect fit exactly like the OEM lights and costs much less ! I would say they are actually better than OEM .
 My husband was so happy I found this product at Amazon . No longer sold in stores and he loves using it to make the cars shine and water repellent . Great product .
 I have been restoring antique sewing machines for sometime . The TR-3 prouducts are wonderful for bringing back the shine to the machines .
 Good Price , timely delivery on a hard-to-find item.Great to finally find a reliable seller .
 I know this is supposed to be a gun / rod holder . However , I 've got my Hi-Lift bungee 'd into mine . I freakin ' love it.It took about 15 minutes to install -LRB- for once I actually read the instructions ... that 's what took the longest -RRB- and has been rock solid despite me drastically overloading it with the Hi-Lift .
 The OEM pump failed after 55k miles , leaking through the bearing . Replacing it with this hopefully superior Bosch unit was a piece of cake and the pump fitted perfectly :--RRB- The only deviation from standard practice I made was adding a little silicone sealer to the gasket to hold it in place and guarantee a seal : - -RRB-
 Bosch , a quality engineered product . Tight tolerances make the Bosch water pump a reliable replacement . The pricing is competitive with those of rebuilds . TOTALLY NEW makes the Bosch product the correct choice .
 Very happy with the quality . Feels solid and looks just like the AC Delco OEM pump . Comes with a gasket . The easiest water pump replacement I 've ever done . As usual , Amazon delivered without issues .
 I purchased this Water Pump a couple months ago and it fit perfectly and has had no problems since and the build quality looks and feels great .
 I bought two of these . Installed well on my 2001 Camry . Run great and no pulsation . Good product made in China , cheapper than local auto parts store like Advance Auto Parts . All in all , good product with better price . Will buy from Amazon again .
 Not a real fan of chinese made products . If I had known that Beck/Arnley was using almost 100 % chinese products I would had orderd another brand . This set of drums was the second set I purchased from Amazon to where the quality was lacking 100 % . The drums looked good , installed well , but were so out of round the car was not driveable . I took the old ones in to the local parts store and had them turned and they turned out perfect . The first set of drums that I ordered were another brand that Amazon had listed and were just as bad . If one feels they need to replace brake drums because of miles or maybe some grinding from worn out shoes , have them checked by a professional that turns drums and rotors or buy OEM parts . This was not Amazon 's fault ... I will not hold these issues against them . I sent the drums back in both cases and received a full credit .
 The belt is easy to attach to the wheel chair . It is easy to buckle and open and a good length for a patient with a large waste . The illustration should show the ends of the belt .
 I commute on a sports tourer motorcycle with 2 hard cases . I accidentally bumped into other cars 2 times on the side cases . Both were slow speed around 5 to 8 miles per hour so there 's no major damage on my bike and the 2 cars since basically it 's plastic hits plastic . However , I could see some scratches and little bit paint fell off on the bike . Then I used a soft towel and little of the compound . After 10 minutes the side cases were back to almost original . In additional to the compound I used a car touch-up paint . Now the bike shows no sign of accidents . I would say this product if very useful if the damage is not deeper than clear coat . That means some regular , not very serious scratches can be removed from the compound . If the bike is dropped and touches ground , then the scratches are probably not doable .
 If you want a good looking car or truck , this is the product for you . Make your car or truck look show room vehicle.I gave this product 45 stars .
 I was looking on the web for a product that would restore my bathroom shower glassdoors to their original clarity & shine . Nothing would get rid of the cloudy , scummylook . I was about to buy new doors before I read some helpful hints online . This prodcutwas recommended for folks at wits end . And it works .
 This works great to remove fine scratches . It leaves a nice shine . The best of this kind on the market .
 I purchased these mirrors for a 1999 FXSTS , I wanted to get rid of the billet turn signals that cluttered up the handlebars and provide a smoother line . The mirrors do it very well . These mirrors are in a word awesome . They are well constructed and look great . I took them apart first to see how they were assembled inside and it was well done . I do n't like to put garbage on my bike . FYI
 These look and work great . I only wish that they could be seen from behind . I put these on my 2010 Honda Fury and got rid of the stock signals . The supplied load equalizer is only necessary if you do n't like the rate of the flash that these flash at . The rate change was n't enough to bother me so I omitted the equalizer and everything works perfect . Also my bike apparently has an odd wiring scheme and the lights had to be wired differently than the instructions stated . I had to contact Kuryakyn for some tech support . I give two big thumbs up to the customer service at Kuryakyn . They knew exactly what was going on and explained why and how I needed to wire it -LRB- which also turn out to be a simple change that took less than 10min -RRB- . These were a great purchase and the day Kurakyn releases these with a rear facing flash I will buy those too .
 I love these mirrors on my bike . They look expensive and they are classically styled and sturdy . The lights are brighter than I thought they would be and really show up well . They add a lot of presence to my bike .
 I really hated the stock indicators sticking out like dogs balls on my v star so when I saw some mirrors with LEDs in the stems I thought I had found the answer.My mistake was buying cheap Chinese crap ... The mirrors were unusable and the LEDs were n't bright enough ... When they stopped working all together I decided to spend a bit more this time.I bought the kuryakyn and could n't be happier ! Great mirrors , bright indicators and easy to install . Wish I 'd spent the money in the first place .
 I bought this 2 pack filter deal . I got them both for $ 1.75 w/free shipping !!!!!! For that price , you just about ca n't beat it !!!! I searched for 2 week for a good price on an oil filter , thought I found a good deal at $ 3 dollars a filter , and bought it . Then I found this 2 pack deal . Felt like an idiot after that ! I reccomend buying these/watching the price . Amazon likes to bounce their prices up and down , so a good deal , or even better deal is possible , if you wait/keep an eye on it . Generally speaking , the 2 pack deal is about the cost of one filter at a car parts store !!!
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 If your front wheel bearing needs replaced on your Lincoln LS this is the bearing to buy . Made in the USA and it looks like the Timkens are what came factory on the car . Do n't waste your money on any other bearings . Timken is way to go .
 Timken HA590213 Axle Bearing / Hub AssemblyYour 2000-2006 Lincoln LS or 2002-2005 Ford Thunderbird may need this part if you hear grinding/moaning noises coming from one of the front wheels . That noise would typically increase with the cars speed and may get worse when turning . You only need replace the hub assembly that is failing ; the HA590213 fits either front wheel.Pros : - Quality product made in the USA . - The entire job to replace the old wheel hub assembly took just over 3 hours . - Not particularly difficult ; as it is strictly a bolt-on part . - Perfect fit for my 2001 Lincoln LS . Even the ABS cord/plug/standoffs were an exact match . - Wheel turns easily and bearing noise is gone . - Given the amount of time/effort to install a wheel-hub-assembly , my advice is to avoid a Chinese import since this quality Timken assembly cost only a little more . E.g. , read the many negative Amazon reviews for `` Precision '' brand wheel hubs.Cons : - Since the included instructions were so skimpy , I posted a `` comment '' to this review , with my suggested steps -- none of which is difficult.Summary : Ask your Ford/Lincoln dealer how much they would charge to replace an axle bearing hub assembly and you 'll see why this is an excellent candidate for a do-it-yourself task .
 Install takes two people , but you can have it done in under five minutes . Once you have it in place it fits as it should . The holes and sixe are right on for my 2006 Yamaha WR250f . Took it out on the first ride and couldnt beleive the amount of rocks I could here smacking off the thing . I knever knew so many rocks were pounding the underside of my Yamaha . Glad I have it now .
 This key chain originally sold for $ 5 , now the average going price is $ 30It is very a detailed representation of the lost in space B9 robot.It Stands just under 4 '' tall.It arrived sealed in the original packaging.Lights and sound effects are advertised but mine arrived with either no batteries or dead ones so I never heard or saw a thing.That 's Ok . I never planned to take it out the package anyway . I buy collectables to own or trade not to use.As a collectable I would urge you to buy this item , as a key chain it is by far too big.I am happy with this purchase .
 AcDelco has always made excellent parts and I like to use OEM parts when I start to replace ant thing on my vehicles . The bends and size are just like the ones that came with the truck .
 This hose goes from the radiator to the throttle body . Igt is attached to clips along side the upper radiator hose . At first glance , it may seem too short , but it actually connects right underneath the throttle body when the upper fan shroud is removed . Then there is a short 4 inch segment of hose that connects from the throttle body to the top of the engine manifold and there is no replacement listed for this hose segment .
 This was a great product ! Quick shipment ! Perfect fit for a 2003 Kx 125 big bore kit . Came with everything needed .
 The wiper is excellent . However , the instructions have nothing to do with the product and I had to figure out by myself how to mount it .
 I own a 2004 Jeep Wrangler and it is very hard to find the 13 '' length in stores . I needed some other options and found these on Amazon . I 've had them on my Jeep for about a month now and they seem to do a good job at providing a clear view . Much better than the ones I had on before that I found at Wal-Mart .
 I really like these wipers , they were easy to install and work great for my Jeep . It is difficult to find good wipers in stores for my front windshield due to the smaller size . Highly recommended , no skips and no smearing . Definitely going to purchase again.Vehicle Type
 It does n't rain much in Phoenix , but when it does it pours . Every wiper blade I used previously pealed away in one summer . These not only do n't peal away but they actually wipe . I was impressed that I bought a set for all my autos .
 The first jeep wsw blade that never squeeks or skips and always wipes clean and does not flutter at high speeds
 To remove the old hinge , the door may have to be closed partway . Pop off the the socket area -LRB- right side in this picture -RRB- with a thin screwdriver .
 Easy to install and perfect replacement . Do n't know why I can not leave a basic review insetad of having to come up with so many words .
 Easy to install - works great and now I can keep my wallet in my pocket instead of as a prop to keep the gas lid open while I walk over to open it !!
 I 'm perfectly happy with this . Although in my case I 'm comparing the new product to the old broken 12 year old part , it seems to be made of the same grade and quality of plastic , and I have no problem with it . Two thumbs up .
 This was exactly what I needed for my fuel door . It was an exact fit and so far no complains .
 This part did not quite fit my GS300 because of the tab at the end of the part -LRB- but I was fully aware of this when I ordered it -RRB- . However , with a file and about 5 minutes of effort I was able to shape the tab at the axle end of the part to custom fit the fuel lid for the GS . Easily installed the part and now my fuel lid opener works like new !
 My old one broke for some reason , but replacing the part is a snap . I do n't even remember having to use tools to install this .
 The metal spring from the previous part had been stripped off , not sure how it occurred . Installation requires a screwdriver simply to pry the clip on the old/broken one , the part secures with clamps . Installing the new one took about 10 seconds . Works great .
 A while ago the metal part of the original clip for my gas cap broke . I recently found this item on Amazon and decided to purchase it . It received a day before the expected shipping window ! It took me all of 2 minutes to take the remainder of the old parts off and clip this one into it 's place . So far no problems at all ! Craftsmanship & quality appear to be the exact same as original ! Perfect item .
 Warm they are . Looks pretty durable but the sleeve is too tight for wearing gloves and they do n't give any room for clutch or brake bars on motorcycles . Needless to say I was trying to put these on something they were not designed for so stick with the ATV market with these but for the price it was a small gamble .
 I wanted this product for my vehicle for a while now but it was too expensive . When I got the chance to buy it for less I was somewhat skeptical of quality . Upon recieving my grille in the mail I immediately installed it in like 15 minutes . Following the provided instructions it went on perfectly .
 Get The adapters sold separate if you are putting on a Honda as I forgot to order at same time and cost me a couple extra days.Fit fine , look good after adapters came .
 This product is just what I asked I am very happy and recommend its purchase will not disappoint , sending it on time and everything
 great mirrors , very stylish . maybe a bit small but I can live with that . good price and new condition .
 Mirrors are very well made . Very easy to install . Nice addition to motorcycle . Improved field of vision and limited vibration
 This is a high-quality product that really cleans up wiring jobs with that professional installation look . Ca n't do wiring without it !
 I use mine on a Yanmar 4JH2E diesel engine onboard a sailboat . Oil changes are quite frequent , maybe to the tune of 50 hours of run time if I can and never more than a couple of hundred hours.The grip is pretty easy . I do n't use a wrench anymore and just hand tighten as much as I can and recheck as part of a pre-check to verify it 's still on there nice and tight . Never had it be loose before and you can get a pretty good torque with just the grip . For a typical car application where you 're not going to inspect this thing frequently , maybe you should snug it tighter with a wrench.I 've never had a Fram filter burst , but if you search around for `` fram filter bursting '' you 'll find a lot of folks who say their quality control is garbage and the build quality is substandard . Do your own research and pick a filter that works for you . Obviously Frams are being used all over the world on millions of engines of all types with few problems , but if you 're one of the people with a problem that 's probably not much of a consolation .
 I bought this wiper blade to replace the rear wiper blade on my 2001 Suzuki Vitara . It fits perfectly and works well . It was rather surprising to see just how worn down and out of shape my old blade was . Unfortunately , replacing the blade was a pain in the `` you-know-what '' since the tail-gate mounted spare tire needed to be removed to change the blades , but that 's not the fault of this wiper blade . 5 stars !
 I put them on my '09 Jeep Wrangler . Easy to install and appear to work pretty well in heavy and light rain ; no complaints . We 'll see how they handle mud and snow soon enough .
 Got these to replace the blades that came with my 2009 Jeep Wrangler . They 're awesome ! Reasonably priced and do an amazing job . Will definitely buy again .
 Some reviews said these wipers did n't last very long ; in some reviewers cases under one year . Well , I 've had mine well over a year and used them in rain in several winter seasons and they 've been great with no significant degredation . So , five stars for me . Hopefully they last as long as the OEM blades .
 The wiper arrived on time and in good condition . It works great and was easy to install . It is good to be able to see out the windshield clearly .
 These work much , much better than I expected on my 1979 Fiat Spider . Will be be replacing wipers on other cars with these.Highly recommended to other Fiat/Lancia drivers .
 I bought this wiper for the rear window of my 2000 Subaru Forester . It works great - no streaking , no smearing and no film left behind . The window is clear and clean.When it comes to wiper blades , it does not pay to skimp on safety . Being able to see out of your car windows may make the difference between being in an accident and avoiding one.I live in snowy , rainy , hail-y Salt Lake City , UT and this works great in rain and even when it 's icy.Installation is very easy for this wiper as well . It took less than three minutes.If you are concerned about packaging , please be aware that Amazon is currently shipping these one per -LRB- huge -RRB- box with a lot of filling material .
 Pay a tiny tiny tiny bit more to get a brand u can acutually depend on !
 Was replacing the original pump on a 1993 Geo Storm as part of a timing belt service , and chose this pump based on the fact that it was all new , rather than re-manufactured . The impeller looks to be of a more robust design than on the original Isuzu pump . The machined sealing surface was nice and flat , no problems with installation or sealing .
 I am so very happy with this purchase . The quality of rubber over silicon is vast ... especially when the rubber is wrapped in braided Stainless Steel . Not to difficult to cut as long as you have something that can fit the gauge of the hosing . I was able to pinch the hose and cut it with new big wire cutters . As long as you look up the sizes for you car and make sure that you order slightly smaller or exact sizes , you will be golden ... -LRB- or stainless -RRB- I did not have any need for hose clamps . all the hoses were perfectly snug.The only thing i didnt like is that some of the braiding is frayed . Small blemishes or snaggs . I know it shouldnt matter too much but that is the only flaw . Very easy to clean up and fix . -LRB- just becarefull to not tear your hands open installing -RRB-
 This fuel line is easy to work , quality , and exactly what I needed to complete the install on my home boiler with a TigerLoop Ultra . In my application , this item is under vacuum rather than pressure , so your results may vary . I would not hesitate to buy it again .
 My husband loves it . He is particular so if he is happy-probably most would be . He orders from this company a lot .
 this is going to look nice on my new engine , against the black firewall .
 This head light arrived quickly in perfect condition . This is a great value for ar parts and will recommend using amazon to friends .
 A friend told me that the break light on the back driver side was out at Monday 3/12 @ 10:30 pm dropping her off from work . Wanting to call local shops and my mechanic I did not order right away in hopes of finding it locally on Long Island . Nobody had the part but it could be ordered . The next morning I tried to change the bulb with no luck . After messing with the old tail-light housing I decided the tail-light replacement was the only way to go . Similar products were listed on ebay and other sites listed with no circuit board , more expensive + shipping.Price
 This was a perfect replacement for my 2000 Jeep Grande Cherokee.My old brake lights did n't work when my headlights were on and changing bulbs and sockets did n't fix it.This new assembly came with bulbs and sockets ; all worked.When removing old plug from assembly , there was a little red lock/slide I had to slide with a flathead to remove and then re-secure the plug.There is a plastic piece that holds/guides the two screws -- I moved it from the old lights to the new ones . Popped right out with a flat head .
 As advertised . This is exactly the same item that I priced elsewhere at double to triple the price ; and I paid extra for overnight shipping , which was a drop in the bucket . Installation is a piece of cake . Circuit board and bulbs already installed ! Do yourself a favor
 Perfect , came in a well secured box with lots paper wrappings , great price perfect for my jeep , I would recommend .
 I have had one brake light out for years . I got tired of kind people waving me down . No more . Installed the brke light in five minutes and havent had a problem yet . thanks again . I will let any jeep owners i see know about the low cost easy fix .
 purchased this when contections for bulb went bad , very easy and straight forward to installcame with the buld caps needed , place new bulds and install , much cheaper than going to a dealerGood product
 Fit and finish was just as good as oem . Solved the issue of no taillights on both sides board was burnt on inside of original .
 I saved 75 dollars thanks to you ! Autozone and O'Riely 's where charging 125.00 to 200.00 dollars for the light and that is without the bulbs.Thanks !
 Arrived lightning fast , included bulbs , and was less expensive than buying a replacement at the junkyard . I am very pleased !
 Bought this tail light to replace one that had been giving me problems consistently . The part came very fast and was easy to install .
 I could have ordered this from TYC myself , but this was even cheaper since I signed up for prime !!! Its flawless , and comes with the bulbs and all . A ton cheaper than that action site wanted for used ones ??? 5 out of 5 from me
 great looking tail light . looks and fits as good as the original . comes with blubs too . why paid dealers a high price when this one looks , fits and works as good as the original that came with the car . do n't be afraid to buy it .
 We are very satisfied with the Jeep Grand Cherokee Driver Side Replacement Tail Light . Quick delivery , and easy installation . Everything fit perfectly . We are very happy with the product .
 So happy to finally find this online , I had been looking at used parts and had a hard time finding this . It was so easy to install , works great . Highly recommended .
 Looks original and fits perfectly with a reasonable price . I would order from this company again and highly recommend this item to anyone .
 I was extremely pleased to find a replacement Jeep tail light assembly on Amazon . While this item is sold by AutoHalo , they delivered promptly.Pros : OEM fit , only had to swap out the plastic screw flap from my originalPrice , local Jeep dealerships wanted roughly the List price here of $ 135Includes all 3 bulbs and new bulb sockets ! Did n't expect that.Not getting pulled over and/or a ticket for non functional brake lightsCons : I really ca n't think of any , it 's great !
 These came quick and were super easy for my husband to install . They fixed our problems and all of the parts were there .
 I was happy took less then a week I was satisfy with the light what can I say I 'm please
 Shopped around and saved 75 % - Arrived in matter of daysCame with all the bulbsPerfect fitGreat price
 Just as advertised and it was shipped and received timely . No problems with it after I received it in use today .
 The product was better than expected , light bulb receptacles and even the new light bulbs were includedShipment time was also very short , considering Holiday mailing .
 Product was just as advertised complete taillight assembly with bulb holders and bulbs included literally less than half the rice of dealer stock . Other do not come complete everything is sold separetly
 I give it a 5-Star rating for three reasons
 The auto store was asking $ 150 for a replacement light and the auto shop was going to charge me $ 30 to install it . I did it myself and saved over a hundred bucks . You just have to deal with a couple of tricky latches . Tricky to me that is .
 After choosing the expedited shipping method , my tail light arrived in 2 days . It fit perfectly and works like the original , well like the original did , before it started malfunctioning , LOL . I am extremely pleased with this purchase .
 Will buy all my Jeep parts from this site ! Saved $ 90 bucks with Amazon !!!!!! I had no idea the dealers charge so much !!!
 It looks exactly like the OEM one . It came with light bulbs and light-bulb sockets . Do n't forget to save the plastic part that covers the screws from the old light assembly , easy to take out and put it on the new light .
 Perfect oem replica . Matches the factory one perfectly . Very happy with purchase . Includes bulbs , just plug it in and secure it with the screw . Installation is easy just pop the tailgate , unscrew the housing in one spot , pull the plug out and put the new housing in . The only trick is
 This product was a great value and came with bulbs already in the taillight . It was about 75 % less than what I was going to have to pay locally .
 Great product . These tail lights even come with bulbs and sockets . Arrived at my doorsteps in 3 days . Took me only 15 mins to install both sides . Awesome .
 Purchased after light failed on 10 year old auto . Received with lights bulbs ! Easy plug in and go . Perfect color match to my other tail light at a fraction of the price .
 This light fit perfectly into my 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee . Came with all lightbulbs installed . I am very happy , despite originally skeptical about ordering auto parts from the internet .
 I purchased a pair of the TYC taillights because my wife backed my Grand Cherokee into a pole and shattered one side . I purchased two taillights to ensure that the coloration and gloss would match on both sides of the vehicle.Fitment is PERFECT . These are not exactly like the OEM taillights but unless you are an automotive Subject Matter Expert , you will not be able to tell . The shape and mounting holes are so perfect , it is as if they were molded from the original Chrysler tooling . These taillight housings also include all needed bulbs , bulb holders , and internal electric components . Just plug in your existing wiring and go!This is also a good option to fix the brake lights - a common problem with the WJ Grand Cherokee is that the little tabs on the bulb holder for the brake light bend and the brake lights stop working . You can bend the tabs back , but eventually the housing needs to be replaced . This is a great way to fix it semi-permanently for a very low price .
 This was a perfect fit for my jeep very fast deliever and it was what was described . i would do it again if i needed a product from these folks
 Easy to install and works perfectly what more can I say about a tail light other than I can rest assured never to get a ticket because my tail light is out : - -RRB-
 I replaced my broken belt with this new Gatorback and have not had any problems . Very happy so far.Can ' t go wrong buying from Amazon when it 's almost half the price for the exact same belt as your local auto parts store . Do the comparison yourself .
 Awesome ! Really changed the handling of my '94 Loyale Wagon . I took a hacksaw and pliers to the brake line retainer to get the lines in and out without opening them up .
 MUCH brighter than my old lights that I replaced . They fit well too . Do n't know what else to say . Buy them if you need them . They come with bulbs and again are nice and bright .
 This product is a must have for anyone adding a hitch to their vehicle . It took longer to read the instructions then it did to actually install . Have used on trailers with both ordinary bulbs and LED 's with out any issues . If you want it simple this is a great way to go .
 Husband installed this in less than 10 minutes . This product is all you need to have your Colorado wired for a tailer , other than your hitch of course .
 For someone who is just looking to get into alternative energy , this product is a great start .
 I like this Solar Charge controller . The documentation that comes with it , however is terrible . The functions described of the LED indicators do not match the actual functions . And there is a reset button that is not even mention.The controller itself seems to be operating as I would expect .
 The user guide is worthless the unit is great . You must figure out how to operate the darn thing by yourself . Press and hold the test button until some light or lights come on on the left of the charger telling you the state of the batteries . Once running it will tell you if it is in the charge mode completely by showing the green lightening bolt . The unit works perfectly . If however you are trying to supply power besides charging the battery you will need a grid tie inverter along side .
 This product is what I was looking for . It was easy to install and set up . The only drawback I 've found is that the LED charge level lights are a little hard to read . I would recommend this to my friends !
 very good product . I have it controlling a 500 watt solar array . First one failed after about a month , amazon replaced it , no problems since .
 This alright for the off grid solar system I have , and provide good safety and good control to the charging of my battery bank
 Does almost everything it 's suppose to.For some reason the battery level indicator lights on my do n't seem to function , other than that it works like a top .
 Works perfectly , allows full charge and tapers the flow back perfectly when the batteries reach full charge . Good solid connection points and made to recess into a pannel if needed .
 Works fine . Better on higher power panels.I have a number of small solar applications running at home and have 2 sunforce 5A charge controllers and this 30A one.I find that the 5A controllers keep producing power on my 15W panels at a lower level of sunlight than this 30A one does . It seems to require more sun to keep it going - makes sense I guess as it is built for larger applications . So if you have a low power panel or array , you may get slightly more total production out of a controller built for less current -LRB- Amps -RRB- . However one 15W panel -LRB- about 1A of power given it is a 12V system -RRB- will power this controller fine in direct sunlight , and generally I use it on 3 15W panels -LRB- 45W -RRB- and it works fine to keep a car battery topped up.Have also used it on my 205W panel -LRB- produces about 15 Amps -RRB- and it works fine on that also .
 We bought this to replace a unit that went bad after 2 years of use . It works great with our solar panels , and was fairly easy to install .
 I got EXACTLY what i was looking for for about 1/3 what the local dealer wanted . It pays to shop !!! Amazon is TOPS !!!!
 eveything was great fast shipping , great price 75 % cheaper on amazon for 2 brand new lights .
 I can not attest to the longevity of the blade as I just installed it a week ago . However it works great , and was easy to install which ostensibly a major plus !
 I had first bought this at the local walmart for $ 5.00 . When I sold my car I went back to walmart and they did not sell them anymore . So , I started looking everywhere for it I found it on Amazon . The price is a bit much . But , I do n't plan on buying another vehicle so I guess it evens out .
 I got these for a 2005 Dodge Neon , and they are fantastic visors . I put them on in about 10 minutes , it was super easy . Although I was under the impression that they had no adhesive on them at all , there was optional adhesive on the rear window visors -LRB- but no adhesive for the front windows -RRB- . It was n't a problem though , I actually did n't use the adhesive because they seemed to seat inside the window channel just fine , but it would still be easily removeable even if the adhesive was used -LRB- in case you ever needed to remove them -RRB- . All of the visors seem very secure though.Totally awesome visors , and definitely worth the money . Super easy installation , and seem to be very good quality . If you 're considering these I would absolutely recommend them !
 What can I say ... This is the only recommended spark plug for 2.3 t Saab 9-5 -LRB- as far as I know , not the AERO , not the V6 SE -RRB- . There is some confusion online about the spark plugs , but if you do your homework you find that is the correct spark plug for 2.3 t engine with original company tune . The quality seems pretty good . Made in Japan . Saab recommends changing them every 30K miles.If you have tuned your car , you have to stick with the recommended spark plug of the tuner . - Yashar
 I always used the NGK spark plugs -LRB- it 's the factory recommendation for Saabs -RRB- . I have never experienced any problems with them . The quality is consistently high.Absolutely recommended .
 I just recieved the helmet today . I havnt had to chance to ride with it on yet but I have tried it on . Was a little dissapointed at first . It sat really high on my head . But after I got it settled and took it on and off a few times it looks much better . Over all I am pleased with this purchase .
 Ordered one of these for my wife . Found the quality to be good considering the price . Decided to order one for myself as well so that we have matching helmets for warm weather . The fit is true to their size chart and very comfortable . Also , got the face shield which covers down to about nose level . This keeps wind out of the eyes without blocking all the cooling airflow . Would definitely buy again .
 I have worn mostly full helmets , so this was a departure for me . Actually , I like it ! Fits well -LRB- I bought size Large , my hat size is 7-1/4 -RRB- The only down side is the wind noise . However , it certainly does allow you to hear sirens , cars , trucks , etc. . Good helmet at a great price .
 Item received much earlier than expected . Outstanding service by Jafrum - would recommend them to everyone . Helmet is a good buy for the price .
 Not great but what can I say it a DOT.out of all the helmet I have it 's the best and I do like it . It looks good over all .
 This helmet arrived quickly and was exactly what was advertised . It is not the best helmet , but for the price you should n't expect this . I am extremely satisfied with this helmet for the amount I paid for it .
 If you are in the market for a moped helmet , this is the one to get . I chose this one because it is compatible with a visor that is also for sale on Amazon . This was an important point , because the visor is necessary to keep bugs and rain out of your eyes when you 're driving.Face Shield for 100 Series Half Helmets 100ShieldHowever , when it came , I found it to be exceedingly well-made and comfortable . Do your brain a favor and purchase this helmet without further thought .
 I just received this helmet , and it seems to be very well made . Fits nicely and was a great value for the price I paid .
 The kit has everything you need unless you 're doing adjustable pushrods . The cams make more power especially after 3k . Nice idle .
 Would recommend to anyone , great service , great product . Would definitely purchase again for myself or a gift . Takes some time to install , but its easy n very worth it .
 The fit was perfect . Instalation was easy with the included parts . As far as prefomance it seems to have lmproved the performanceof the motorcycle .
 I recieved my k & n filter in a short amount of time . The filter has giving my bike better gas milage and more power . Very pleased !
 K&N is the only way to go . Wash it after every couple of rides . It will last a super long time and keep your bike running like a champ .
 I have used k & n filters for many years now and the quality and ease of installation has n't let me down yet . The installation took about 30 mins and it fit perfectly . I would recommend this filter for anyone who wants a quality filter that will last for the life of their motorcycle . Just do n't forget to clean the filter periodically with k & n filter cleaner and oil .
 It 's the last Air Filter you will have to buy for your Motorcycle . Easy instructions for install and maintenance.After install I can feel an increase in power and I can see greater MPG .
 K&N has one of the best products available . There is no surprises with this filter either . It fits , it works better & it will not need replacing . I have K&N air filters in all my vehicles ; and my garage and my driveway are full . OK , so I am tag renewel poor , but I wo n't have to buy paper air filters . If you keep your wheels for decades and travel miles into the 100K 's like I do , it is worth it ; if not only for the enhanced performance .
 I get the k & n filter on amazon for a gsxr 1000 and the bike just sounds great with it and the best thing this filter is for life !
 No problems installing on a late model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Suzuki GS 500 I bought . You need to remove the gas tank and hold it to the side , it 's good to have 2 people for this job . It took me a little time aligning / putting tank back on but not to bad , it 's best if you do n't have a lot of gas in the tank . You can do this job yourself fairly easily/quickly without much experience , there is a video on Y.T , a guy doing this GS 500 air filter job solo.Runs / starts much better , the existing air filter needed to be replaced , so I paid a few bucks more and got a K&N. ; Actually , this filter at the time was around $ 25 less on this site then the local M.C. store . This is the 3rd K&N ; product I 've used , my car has a K&N ; FIPK cold air intake . I 've never had any issues with their filters/intakes .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is deserving.The stock filter has foam around the periphery to seal it . The K&N ; filter uses a rubber wedge / protrusion , and fit very tight in the slot . Definitely use the supplied lube to install it . Seals really well.Also noticed the engine vibrations decreased slightly with my 2010 . Vibs from the handlebars when cruising in 6th gear at 60 MPH dropped . Now I do n't feel that level of vibration unless I drop to 4th gear at that speed . Sweet ! Also , the sale price was only $ 11 more than a replacement stock filter , and this one is a lifetime filter!Shipping was super fast too . I ordered it on a Friday with the 5 to 8 day free shipping option , and received it on Monday -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase . Even posted about it on two major forums , and dozens of members bought them -LRB- Hey , maybe I get a commission here :-RRB- -RRB- .
 I always purchase K&N air filters for every vehicle I own , I did n't know that Amazon had the best price for them . I will definitely be using Amazon to purchase all my K&N stuff in the future .
 More Power , Better sound and washable . A little bit expensive but all good things are this way
 Filter was made very good ... i felt the difference in my quad right away ... easy cleaning ... and it seemed to let the quad breath alot better .
 I have K&N filters on many of my vehicles and as always it 's a perfect fit and breathes better than anything else .
 K&N ; makes a better air filter than anything the factory will include on their bikes.It 's part of the upgrades I did to my stock Vstar 650 . Also use a quality synthetic oil , iridium plugs and Lucas top lube in the gas .
 I noticed no real horsepower gain , however I have no dynometer to prove otherwise . This filter fits in the stock location of my '95 Magna with no problems and is a good stock replacement.As a sidenote , I ca n't believe Honda designed this filter . It would be cheaper to simply have a removable element , instead of having to buy this custom shaped plastic piece . I miss the good old days when the filter was under the seat and took 5 minutes to change .
 This is my first experience with a K&N air filter ; I installed it in my 2001 model BMW F650GS motorcycle . I noticed an immediate gain in horsepower - the acceleration is significantly better than before . I have n't had a chance to find out fuel mileage gains , but that 's coming next . So far I 'll say this was money well spent .
 I like the product , but looking at how long it takes to ship it out is just way too long . I paid 10 dollars more for one just to get it in a week . Great if you 're not in any hurry for it .
 In the words of Dr. Frankenstein , `` it 's alive '' !!!! I feel as if my bike just literally came alive . It 's a 2011 Hayabusa with 638 miles . It was rediculous before but felt slightly held back like it was n't breathing correctly and had a slight backfire . After exchanging the air filter , adding Castrol Power 4 RS racing 10w40 full synthetic and a K&N ; oil filter , the bike came alive . It 's fine now ! I can feel it in the trottle.Shipping was really fast !!
 K&N has always been very reliable for me , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I recently purchased this air filter for my 2002 Shadow ACE 750 and instantly noticed a difference . The bike responds a lot faster and the increased air flow alows the bike to feel less `` forced '' . I install K&N products in all my vehicles . There is a notable difference without having to remove stock air box .
 K & N Max air flow . Put one of these on my wife 's Suzuki and had to plug one of the vents . Engine ran too lean . So much less constriction than a regular filter . Put one on my Honda VXT and the bike has a little more pep .
 Excellent quality merchandise in perfect shape.Packaging was perfect for the items.Excellent delivery time.Exactly the part I order and wanted at the nice price I would pay.Would order again .
 This review is not so much about the product but about Amazon . I was amazed to find the motorcycle parts I needed through Amazon . It has truly become my one stop shopping place online . The price was the best I could find and the delivery was as they stated . The product is something I was already familiar with and the quality is excellent . I truly do not have to shop around just enter it in the search no matter how obscure the product you are looking for .
 This filter fit my stock air box fine . I do not know about any real horsepower gains . It will be interesting to dyno the bike to see if it made any measurable improvement .
 I replaced my old stock air Fiters in my 2004 Suzuki Marauder VZ800 to Increased the horsepower & performance . I felt the a major in incress Increase in power
 What can i say , you ca n't go wrong with K&N ... fits great and works great . Cheaper than always buying paper filters
 On a recent dualsport ride on my BMW R11550GS , I filled my airbox with dirty water during a water crossing . The snorkle shot enough water at the paper airfilter to push it out of the way and allow the airbox to fill with dirty water . I drained the airbox a few miles later , but obviously the wimpy OEM paper filter needed to go . The K&N is much more robust than the OEM filter and made of material that should resist water much better than paper . Time to go back to the dirt for more creek crossings !
 Recently purchased a 2007 Yamaha FZ6 with 10K on it . Previous owner used it as a commuter , as am I. Regular maintenance schedule said to replace the air filter so I looked and found the K&N on Amazon for less than the OEM filter . Drops in easily and improved performance and throttle response is definitely noticeable . Would absolutely recommend this item . Ride On !
 I bought this for my 2011 BMW G650GS and have no complaints . The installation was smooth and everything fit as it should . Do n't forget to install the foam restrictor if you 're not going to get a custom tune ! It 's nice that this was thought of and included .
 This product really allows my suzuki gsxr to breathe better - Its a great item and i will be sure to recommend you to other bike riding friends of mine .
 Perfect filters for my rejetted carbs and my stock pipes that i have removed the baffles on . The engine runs so good now .
 2010 Honda Goldwing very good price for a performance filter that can be washed and reused . Plus I believe that K&N filters flow more air .
 Fit just right and got better gas mileage . Easy to in stall and maintain . Now if I could find a cheeper exhust system .
 K&N filters are rated # 1 for a reason . My mechanic recommends and uses them in his own vehicles . Will find filters that fit my truck .
 Better Airflow and nice intake sound make this a definite add to my Concours . I will add a fuel controller and new exhaust and it will increase power and MPG ...
 I have K&N filters installed on all my vehicles . The increased horse power may not be noticeble in some cases , but at least you can save a few bucks on replacing the paper filters every once in a while .
 Bike runs normal before was too rich , even the choke works wheer before the chock would kill the bikei have better millage as well
 product fit and performed as expected and price was also good.I replaced the oem filter with this one and rejetted carbuerator which was neccessary . bike has more power in high gear .
 Excellent filter . The installation instructions could have been a little clearer . Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to replace their original filter .
 Purchased for my Yamaha Stratoliner , and it is a perfect replacement at a great price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs same item .
 Not much issues were felt without tuning but definitely can feel the bike breathing more . Maybe tuning is next to fully maximize this mod but for something I 'll never have to replace and just clean , its great .
 Not too noticeable on a street bike , but now I have more air and clean air going in . Move tank for install .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase first because here in Brazil special parts are really difficult to find at the local retailers and the K&N ; air filter was rated way more expensive to be bought by the internet at Brazilian sites!I 'm completely satisfied with the agility and the care by the Amazon.com . Thanks to you the part arrived fast and unviolated . It feels good buying from Amazon !
 Noticed the performance difference . Floppy rubber replaces rigid plastic oem filter and seals air box . A must have for performance .
 Since replacing the factory air filers on the 2005 Yamaha Midnight Warrior 1700 with these , I have noticed a marked improvement in throttle response and fuel economy . No regrets .
 Definitely noticed an increase in power ... great product and I would definitely recommend to Honda riders ... shadow sabre . Get the recharge kit !
 Love my new K&N filter ! Very simple to install noticible performance increase . Very fast shipment . Satisfied with this product and service all around . Thanks !
 I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800 , which by itself is not a slow machine . Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original , however , it was a whole different ballgame . I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor , and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I 'm sure I 'm adding longevity to the bike as well . Simple install ; fits directly in place of the stock filter . A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses .
 K&N filter are the great and worth every cent and Amazon had the best price . I pick up 2 more miles per gallon after I installed it and I opened up the air box a little also .
 K&N filter are without a doubt the finest filters for the money . Super easy to install and this filter has both increased my gas milage on my bike but most importantly it increased my horsepower . I did n't know that my bike was so responsive until l installed this filter . Worth the money !!!!!
 Great system , I have K&N in all of my vehicles but it is a pain to install on the klr 650 . it 's difficult to get the screw to line up in the little space that you have but still delivers the quality that i expected . better throttle response and a slight power increase .
 we ordered this abut a week ago arrived precisely when they said it would but not without its issues we did have some problems with shipping but with working with amazon it was quickly resolvedBut onto the good part after receiving the filters of course my husband wanted to put them on immediately in taking the bike apart you have to know what you are doing its a little hard to get to the filters a little work is involved but anything worth doing is worth doing right once the filtrers were in -LRB- by the way the instructions are very easy to see and read pictures are great -RRB- the bike instantly ran better the performance was signifacant i really love this product would recommend to anyone
 I 've used K&N filters in all my vehicles for years , and when my 2005 Yamaha FZ6 needed a new filter , I did n't hesitate . Install is easy , although it can get a bit messy with the oil spray and having to get in under the gas tank . As usual , performance is improved a bit thru better air flow vs the stock filter , and the sound is great -- a nice &#34; whoooooosh &#34; when I twist the throttle . I highly recommend K&N air and oil filters to everyone .
 It took a minute to swap out this air filter on my 2006 Suzuki 700Kingquad . I noticed an immediate difference ... The idle was improved , the accelaration was improved , and no hiccups like I was experiencing with the stock paper filters . So far , so good . K&N products are well worth the money .
 exactly what i asked for , good timing also , had absolutely no problems at all , will deal again when looking for more stuff
 Absolutely perfect experiance . Great quality product that is well packaged and has all required directions in package . Love it love it !
 I bought this K&N air filter for my 2007 KLX 250s Dual Sport . It was a little tricky getting it to fit because the outer cap bottoms out on the inside of the air-box . Also had to file down the threads on the wing-nut bolt just a little bit so the filter would seat good . Once I got it in there , I could immediately tell a difference in the increase of power . I would definitely recommend this product for the 2007 Kawasaki KLX 250s .
 K&N products have been for me really great to have on your bikes . I ordered this K&N for my boulevard . Instantly increased my horsepower . Still waiting to see how much more my fuel mileage is . Got instant response of my motor . I love the fact all I have to do is clean my filter and it 's good to go . This is not a filter you throw away . Totally servicable and washable . Took only 5 minutes to put on my bike if that .
 The K&N Filter works great on my 04 Yamaha Warrior 350 , I can feel the difference on the power band
 What should have been 30 min in and out to pop this filter in was turned into several hours chasing tools , measuring , and trimming it to fit . After fitting it , the product is just what you 'd expect from K&N. ; But , out of the box this filter is 1/16 '' too wide and 3/16 '' too long . The filter is like a top hat . In the image you are looking at the what I 'll call the top with the K&N ; logo . The bottom edge/brim is a flange that sits on a narrow lip of the airbox . Out of the box , the flange of the K&N ; will not seat properly and seal on the lip of the airbox.Taking the stock filter and placing it flange to flange with the K&N ; and aligning one of the long ends yields the measurements above . I took a razor blade and scored a guide line to follow for material removal.The flange material is a durable plastic about 1/8th inch thick . I chose not to try cutting it . A buddy had a deburring bit for a drill . The bit is conic , about 2 '' long , and the rasp is not particularly aggressive probably designed for hardened steel . -LRB- I need to find one of these for myself -RRB- Note
 Product was well packaged and all parts needed for install . The only thing is they packaged the wrong instructions for installation . K&N has a great website that allows the buyer to download the instructions . They thought of everything for you to install , such as longer screws , hose etc. . Fit perfect .
 What I like about this filter besides the added performance is the fact that it is reusable . That means you never have to buy another filter again . It is also covered by K&N ; 1 million mile warranty . I would suggest going on K&N ; website and filling out the warranty form -LRB- left side on their site close to the bottom click on warranty then scroll down to the bottom and click on the form link -RRB- just in-case you might want to be covered by the warranty . They suggest cleaning the filter every 50k miles that also depends on your driving conditions . I useK & N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeezeto clean my filter .
 I ordered the K&N PL-1003 Air Filter for my 2012 Polaris Sportsman 500 H.O. Shipping was quick , and packaging was adequate . I hate paper filters and have been trusting K&N for years . This product will not disappoint . I am very pleased with this product .
 Love the K&N air filters . ca n't beat them for the price a lifetime filter.I have them in all my vehicles .
 All right , Adjust well on the bike , however I think the original has a best presentation and even better fit , I should clarify that there is nothing wrong with this device and it is too early to assess its performance , is currently installed and working well in general I have no complaints .
 This is a first step toward stage 1 along with a slipon pipe . Consider going to the barons or patrick racing air intake mods for the Strat/RL/Warrior .
 The product description was accurate . Everything I hoped it would be . Install was easy and it fit like a glove . I can definitely feel a increase in performance . There 's no going wrong with this air filter .
 Replaced the stock air filter on my Suzuki GS500 with this . Very easy swap in about 15 minutes . Great price for a high performance filter .
 Had a K&N Air Filter on my 2004 Honda 599 -LRB- Hornet -RRB- , and liked both the slight performance increase , and the sound the intake makes now . Well , after getting my 2006 VFR800 VTEC , I figured it could n't hurt . It did not ! It seems the bike runs a little smoother , and sound and performance are much better , especially after the second set of valves kick in at about 6400 RPM . And as said by `` Brock '' , it does make more sense to not have to buy a new filter every time , plus I actually got it for less money than what Honda was charging for the OE filter .
 I do n't have much experience riding my Suzuki Savage with the stock air filter , and the one it had when I got the bike was in really bad shape . I at least know that this one is a huge improvement .
 Time to replace the air filter for my cycle so I decided to try online instead of dealer and picked this high performance air filter . Shipment was very fast . Very easy to install . I would recommend this product and this Seller .
 The K&N Replacement Filter for the Road Star is a medium difficulty shade tree mechanic task . I call it medium only because the Road Star 's filter box is not the easiest to remove and most people will need a long-nose plier to get the breather hose off the back of the filter box . The K&N filter has well over twice the `` breathable '' surface area of the stock Yamaha filter and the oiled fabric of the K&N flows a lot more air per square inch than the stock paper filter . The difference is immediately noticeable at idle - the bike no longer feels like it 's gasping for breath as it idles . The difference is even more noticeable when riding - the bike pulls harder and smoother from idle all the way through the power band , accelerates more crisply , and does n't surge like the stock filter did . For riders who keep the stock exhaust or go with a moderately higher flow after-market system , the K&N Replacement Filter offers all the air flow needed . I 've used K&N for years and will always replace the stock air filter with a K&N when one is available .
 Works great on my 2007 Honda Sabre ; I did a holesaw mod upto the cat on my stock pipes ; dropped this in & WOW ! RUMBLE & POWER . May need to adjust fuel mixture now or rejet .
 Got exactly what I asked for , in new , off the shelf condition in a reasonable amount of time . I would definately reccomend this vendor .
 it 's for my 2000 ZX7R - came in within 3 days after i ordered , free shipping . item fits perfect in the air box housing . i did notice the difference on response and sound . mileage improvement , if there are any , is not on the list of reasons why i bought this . let 's put it this way , i drive/commute approx 54 miles -LRB- 1 way -RRB- with a lifted 88 suburban before i got the bike , i was happy i got this crotch rocket . engine vibration seems to be less , slight difference but enough for me to notice . i would recommend this product , better yet , K&N ; products to all riders and divers out there.safe riding ladies and gents - GO ARMY !!
 fast delivery - works well - i am very happy with the product - would reccomend for atvs - preforms much better than stock
 Fit perfect , did not have to modify the airbox or anything . Came ready to use right out of the box . It IS a K&N brand filter exactly as advertised .
 K&N has long been a favorite of mine , when it came time to change the air filter on my motorcycle , the choice was simple . The product took about 2 minutes to install and while I ca n't substantiate the HP or fuel mileage increase , I can tell you the acceleration right off the bottom is noticeable immediately . If you switch your filter , this `` lifetime '' replacement is a `` must have '' !
 Fitment is good , would be excellent if it had a tab for the stock clip to hold it in place . I bent the tab to help hold it while putting the cover on.Have used K&N ; filters in all my bikes they work well and are easy to clean and oil .
 it really made a difference in power and no more backfiring , works great last a life time with proper maintenance
 i first tried to save a few dollars buying a competitors air filter ; not a good idea ! fitment was a problem ; so i had to return the product and wait of course a couple weeks for co -LSB- bike bandit -RSB- to receive the filter/log it in/inspect it/and then send my purchase back to credit card / -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks ! i purchased a k & n filter from AMAZON ; received it , installed it be-fore -LSB- bike bandit ever acknowledged receiving the other one ! SO ; BUY A NAME BRAND PRODUCT -LSB- QUALITY !!!!! -RSB- from someone who ships their product immediately ! MY MISTAKE SHOULD BE YOUR BLESSING !
 I bought this for my 1996 Kawasaki Ninja ZX600R 1 year ago had no problem installing item and most of all I did not have to re-jet the carbs . Look out and hold on !!!! That is how much of a difference this filter makes !!!!!
 Excellent product for your bike . It makes such a difference in the breathing of the bike , the minute I started it up I could hear and feel the difference . No longer sluggish when we give it gas at a low RPM . Excellent price too !
 Arrived in perfect condition , you can definitely feel the difference from the OEM filter . 1000 % recommended .
 K&N is the best , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I use K&N air filters on all my vehicles , to include my FJR1300 . All have offered better performance than the stock filters . I must say that they MUST be maintained properly to get optimal performance , and not damage intake components . Most folks over oil these filters or do not clean them properly . If the manufacture 's instructions are followed , you 'll get great performance and long-life with these filters .
 The filter was exactly as identifed when ordered . It was shipped promptly and packaged well enough to protect it during shipment .
 Overall construction of this air filter is very good , better then the OEM filter , and the fit was perfect . Honda recommends changing the stock filter every 12,000 miles , a 4 hour job to change the filter on a Goldwing . K&N recommends cleaning their filter every 50,000 miles , I do n't think I 'm ready to go 50,000 miles but I 'm comfortable with 25,000 .
 Product was shipped promptly and accurately , came exactly as ordered.Price was 2/3 of what it would have cost here in Canada at my local Honda dealer.I have not put it on my bike yet but am confident from previous experience with K&N ; that it will work well and pay for itself over the life of my bike .
 Fitment is perfect on my 2011 -LRB- gen 2 -RRB- . . I know the power-gain is probably not significant enough for me to notice but it seems a little faster coupled with a slip-on . . Overall very satisfied with this air filter .
 I 've been a Yamaha guy all my life , until 2005 when I needed a commuter for living and working in Seattle , where the ferry is $ 30 roundtrip for a car , ut only $ 8 for a motorcycle . My '00 SV650 is my first Suzuki ... and I love it.It was a used buy from an engineer who wanted a track queen to trailer , ride hard , then put away until the next . It came with the K&N ; gauze filter above , so its entire life with me has been without the expensive and non-cleanable/non-reusable stock cloth air filter.Another one of our group of friends has the same year , same-spec SV , but in slightly different tune . He however chose to stick with the stock filter , modified.In the time we 've both owned our SVs , I 've just cleaned and re-oiled the filter . He 's gone through umpteen stock filters , and has to mod them everytime perfectly like the last one , which is a pain as the original SV650 has a clearance issue with the underside of the tank , and the opening to the filter , which is the opening to the airbox . The only thing about owning a K&N ; , is careful adherence to cleaning and oiling procedure -- it 's really , really easy to under/overoil . But once you learn how , it 's a snap -- just takes about an hour to allow for proper drying and oiling.I 've solved that last bit about the time lag prepping the filter ... by buying two . That way one is always clean and ready to drop in , while you can take your time and do right to the other filter . Expensive ? Perhaps ... but they always act the same , always give me the same mpg , same performance . Ca n't say the same about my friend and his adventures in Dremelling ABS plastic ... not to mention he 's spent a lot more than even the cost of two K&N s ; in five years of riding . ; -RRB- Pros
 Like I said , once it 's installed , the bike seems to love the enhanced air flow.The problem is with the fit of the metal plate over the top of the filter . Installing it into the KLR took several attempts to get right . The metal plate does n't fit naturally over the top of the filter when you screw the butter fly bolt . It wants to set in a tilted fashion - crooked . I finally realized I have to do a tricky maneuver to get the plate on with both hands evenly -LRB- one with fingers pressing toward 's the back , and the other with fingers pressing on the front side -RRB- , and then with quite a bit of force , keep it pressed on the filter while I attempt to screw the butter fly bolt on.It just seems that the plate should be a few millimeters larger so it naturally slips into place while screwing the bolt in.I 'm sure I 'll get better at it , but well designed parts should just work and not require horsing around with different techniques to get such a simple part into place properly .
 what can i say ? the product already sells itself ! if you dont have one you need to get one for all vehicles ! great air flow improved response and a quality product to protect your investment !!!
 This K&N ; air filter is a good value , and fits the 1st generation Suzuki SV650 -LRB- '99 - ' 02 -RRB- . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not come pre-oiled , so you 'll have to buy a separate bottle of oil -LRB- I recommend the K&N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze , available on Amazon -RRB- . Otherwise a good fit and does the job . Recommended .
 Dropped this in my motorcycle , and it runs great . I have a fuel injected bike with aftermarket exhaust and no Fuel Management system -LRB- Power Commander , or Juice Box -RRB- and the power band is smooth and responsive .
 Fits better than OEM , functional and best of all , it 's reuseable . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase through Amazon , always like the free shipping deals .
 Picked this up for my 2012 Busa . Great fit , simple change out , K&N quality . Around town theres not much difference felt , but once you hit the open road and un-wind the bike , you can totally feel the difference ... great product
 I have wanted on of these since i bought my bike and thanks to Amazon I got one at a great price . My Katana loves this new filter . Thanks amazon for saving me money
 It did n't exactly fit my 2007 Yamaha V-Max , but it is still doing its job . K&N has always been a quality product .
 No body does it better . Makes me feel sad for the rest . Baby your the best air flow , added H.P. and performance for the money period .
 Took about 2 minutes to install . I definitely noticed an increase in horsepower . I recommend this to everyone looking . K&N makes a great product
 I love it . It was easy to install and the mpg has been awesome . Great price and great results . The easy choice !
 another quality product from k & N. i replaced the original filter and this made a nice difference . always recommend this product for every vehicle .
 Your initial cost for the K&N Filter will be more than the stock filter but it does not take long to recoup your cost and actually start saving money by not replacing the stock filter as needed . It is very easy to remove , clean and condition as needed . As far as performance I have not paid much attention to that aspect as the two reasons stated above are enough to sell me . If it improves performance , efficiency and longevity then that 's a bonus .
 Fitted straight in , packed well , great price , K&N makes quality products as you would expect , no issues recommending this item .
 The butt dyno ca n't tell a difference and my mpg is unaffected . But it 's a high quality re usable filter that will save $ $ over time . VTX 1800C equipped with stock pipes , stock EFI fuel management .
 This replacement air filter is a less expensive alternative to the factory filters but it does not easily fit ; it can be made to fit but does take some doing .
 this filters are very good you can see , fill the performance change instantlymy bike performs better and sounds betterall i can say is it is a good inbestment
 My motorcycle is a California Highway Police Interceptor -LRB- 2003 Honda ST1100P3 -RRB- . It has a high performance engine and an assortment of beefed-up components for Police Service . This air cleaner is a custom engineered replacement for the factory part . It delivers a high volume of filtered air to the fast revving engine . On top of that you can clean and service the filter ; it so you only need to buy it once . The supplier I located using Amazon provided the best price by a large margin and excellent shipping .
 The stock filter on my Kawasaki is a lifetime filter , but at 16 or 17 years old the plastic frame cracked . This filter was not much more than buying a regular aftermarket filter with shipping and has an easier cleaning process . Well maybe the cleaning process is not easier , but the K&N ; process is well defined with the cleaning fluid and refreshing oil . A cleaning kit adds to the cost , but then it can be used on any K&N ; filter.A plus with Amazon , shipping is fast , while I 've had to wait over a week for parts from an online motorcycle parts retailer .
 Got my filter really quickly . Does not come with the oil that you need to put on the filter , and i didnt see that on the listing . Fortunately , my dad had some extra in his garage . Fit perfectly on my bike , took only 5 minutes to replace the old one and now my bike is running great and able to breath . Filter is much better than the OEM filter that the bike came with .
 PROS : This is my third K&N ; Air Filter . I bought this one for my 83 VF1100C Magna . I also have one on my 96 VF750CD Magna . If you buy one of these and have carbs rather than FI you will more than likely need to re-jet since this allows a lot more air through than a stock air cleaner . Most Every thing that K & N makes is top notch.CONS : The only disapointment on this was it was not pre-oiled like all the other K&N ; Filters I have bought . You need to spend the time & ? mess ? to oil this prior to installation & use .
 Came in quickly and can tell a difference from the paper stock air filter . Just make sure you read the instructions when putting it on your bike .
 Good fit , really did not notice any increase of power . The filter on a conours 14 '08 is on the left side . Remove left plastic and electronic relay bracket , lift rubber flap on frame just below the fuel tank and there it is . good luck !
 I replace my old air filter with this new KN&N filter and the bike can breath a lot better . The bike responds is a lot quicker and it does n't hesitate to accelerated
 Got the oil filter and air filter to my door cheaper than just buying the air filter anywhere in Canada . Retailers here often charge two or three times as much for the same part . I did have to cut about 3/8 '' off the little tab for a perfect fit on the KLR650 2011 . But that is normal for these things .
 Throttle response fantastic major improvement over stock I have k & n ; air filters on everything withK & n ; you ca n't go wrong I recommend this product a + +
 I bought this for my 05 R6 basically hoping to pickup some performance over the washable OEM in the 05 . The best thing about this filter is the fact that it replaces the crappy OEM O-rings and the plastic separator in the air box . The fit is tight , simple , and secure which is important on any Ram Air system . Basically this system seals much better than the OEM so the risks of loosing some air force is reduced . The bike seems like it has more torque , but that is n't dyno proven my me . All in all I debated whether to buy this , and I 'm glad I did .
 When buying K&N ; filters , you can not go wrong . Add the excellent Amazon 's prices , fast delivery and you get an unbeatable deal.Very happy with the purchase .
 I went wit a K & N because of their ridiculous million mile gaurantee . I live in the desert so air filters get real dirty , real fast and I figure the $ 77.00 price was less than what I would be spending on lower quality air filters . I did extensive web searching , for a lower price , could not find it cheaper anywhere , $ 107.00 was about the average everywhere else .
 I put this little magic air filter in my Vulcan 800 Classic and I was stupified . I used to shift into second at 20-25 , now its 35 . This mystical device gave it a very noticeable acceleration boost and even made my pipes louder , ca n't wait to see a mpg gain . Are these made by elves ?
 I recently replaced my stock air filter out of my gsxr-750 and this air filter DEFINITELY is worth the money . It is reuseable and washable which is the best part . I recommend buying a cleaner for it if you are going to indeed clean it .
 Better gas mileage on my kaw nomad bike now and it also runs better , good product will order again.very well made product
 I 've used the K&N ; products in my vehicles for years and decided on using it in the motorcycle as a replacement to the stock Yamaha air filter . Being in Southern California , it seemed to get dirty pretty quickly and it just makes sense to replace it with a cleanable filter like I use in my truck.The fitment is perfect and required just a few minutes to install . A great product that I would definitely recommend .
 This is a fine filter , probably one of the best . Naturally it fits , that 's how it was manufactured . I do have a little problem with oiling the thing though . It is hard to not put too much oil on the filter when cleaning and using the `` oil-in-the-bottle . '' It takes forever to drip out to the point that you can install it and then not suck oil into your engine . I am going to get the spray-on cleaner kit and hope that works better next cleaning . It 's a little pricy but hey , it is more than likely the last air filter you will ever need to purchase .
 This is a great deal on a well known air filter . Anyone who is a gear head knows who K&N is . Ca n't beat the price either . To get a superior air filter that will help your bike breath better for only $ 15 more than a stock OEM filter is a no brainer . Came fast and fit perfectly . My only complaint is that no where on the box does it say its already oiled and ready to go . Had to find that out on the internet . Otherwise I had no regrets .
 I installed this on a 2005 Vulcan 800 . It fit perfectly and it immediately made a difference in the bikes performance . Not anything huge but the engine ran smoother and I had fewer of those cold hiccups first thing in the morning that this bike has always had . My gas mileage increased slightly too . No carb re-jetting required . I kept everything else stock .
 after reading about k & n i bought one . I really did n't expect anything really but i did need an airfilter anyhow . WOW , something simple like that has made a difference in power and sound . Dont get me wrong , , , it 's not crazy different but it did shock me a little . i am sold on this type of high performance airfilter and would buy again .
 was on time package good it was as discribed in add it was beautiful i was very pleased with is product
 Great price and excellent shipping ... arrived on time and very happy with the fit/install on my son 's Polaris 300 . It was easy enough that he helped out . Good times
 This k & n filter fit my klr 650 like a charm also made my exhaust sound deeper and a lil more hp would recommend it easy install less than 5 min !
 This is a wonderful find My motorcycle takes this particular filter -LRB- without mods -RRB- which no paper filter can compare thank you Amazon for carrying this filter .
 The air fliter on my husbands bike was so bad -LRB- he just bought it used but previous ower have n't changed it since brought new -RRB- that he had to get new replacement . he looked everywhere but all were so high that we just could n't afford it ... that was till we found one on Amazon . I strongly recommend this product for the price and quality .
 Great replacement air filter from K&N that is reusable so it is a `` Green '' product that gives your engine more air flow for increased power .
 The car runs better and there are less of times where I have to replace my air filter . I like the way the air flows easier so there are less jumping for air when you give the car the gas pedal ...
 Installed about 100 miles ago . The previous filter was installed by the previous owner . There are about 20k miles on the bike and even if the previous filter was installed when new , it was filthy ! I like the air flow on this one and there seems to be a slight increase in torque as the engine is breathing better . I will see how the filter stands up to a cleaning in about 2k miles when the next oil change is due .
 I took a chance on buying one of the `` used '' products that was listed for $ 16.39 . In the back of my head I was hoping that it was just an opened box item that they could n't sell as new and I was right ! The box was kind of beat and opened and had a UPS sticker on it , but inside was a brand new/sealed K&N ; filter . I ordered this filter and the K&N ; cleaner kit for another $ 10 + to get the free shipping and like ordering from Amazon Fulfillment , anything over $ 25 gets free shipping . I live about 150 miles from the closest fulfillment center so shipping varies from next day to 3 days . I got this in 2 days . So far I 've had nothing but excellent luck when buying `` Used - Like New '' from Amazon . They 've either been `` new '' or I could n't tell if it 's been used and I 'm perfectly fine with this.This K&N ; filter fits nicely in the stock C50T airbox . At first it seem like it was too larger as the chrome cover did n't quite fit back on once the filter was in place ; However , I decided to try and put the screws back in the tighten down the cover and everything snapped into place . Perfect fit .
 Very happy w/the product and the shipping service . This filter sells for more at most other sights . Would reccommend this to people I know .
 I only use K&N filters for all of my vehicles . The air filters do add power and increase gas mileage . They also save money over time because they never need to be changed .
 I noticed that after I changed my filter , my bike seemed to be breathing better and really accerates to the redline quicker . K&N is one of the best and this is cheaper than at my local bike shop , I use them in all my machines now . It is Economical when you buy two or more over the long haul , good protection from dirtst and du , especially where I live where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 Ordered this as a gift for a buddy of mine . Only thing that sucked was shipping took longer than the `` one day shipping '' special that was offered . Overall product was great ! Had bought it for a 03 ' Honda Shadow ACE 750 and immediatly felt a difference .
 works great , easy to install , fit perfectly in air box . to install on none touring model with mock tank you open door to gas cap.remove all screws and 2 on front of tank . be careful , tank is 2 seperate parts . lift up instrument panel.slide tank apart a little , remove screw , lift out filter , put in new , put in screw , slide tank parts back in place , insert instrument panel , run screws back in . It is a good idea to have someone help you by holding the instrument panel up out of the way due to wires attached and so you dont scratch the tank . Also , when removing screws , look out for washers , so when you lift instrument panel , you dont lose them or drop them in the gas filler tube , because gas cap must be removed .
 Works great , perfect replacement fit for Yamaha 1100 custom . Have not noticed any power inprovement . Just nice to have a good one that will last forever .
 If this air filter was used it was not for very long . It was in its orignal box and plastic bag it also had a k & n sticker . I am very happy with my purchase I paid 40 $ for a 68 $ filter . And shipping was fast .
 its a different shape than the stock filter for my 82 ' xv750 but the holes line up fine and it fits well in my airbox , i definitely notice the increased performance from better airflow , and its reusable
 The price for this filter -LRB- $ 31.00 -RRB- was less than the OEM paper filter you have to replace every 6000 to 7000 miles . And the beauty of K & N filters is when dirty you just wash it with K & N cleaner & water & just let air dry , then reoil with K & N filter spray oil . Also the filter will probably out live your bike .
 I bought this for my Suzuki Boulevard C50 because I wanted a washable filter that lasted a long time . I heard people talking about how a K&N filter gave them extra power . I did n't really believe all that , but after I installed this filter on my bike , there was a small yet noticeable increase in power . I am happy ! Extra performance on a washable filter that will last me for the life of the bike .
 I have always been a fan of K&N products . In this case it was a matter of getting a good deal , this vedor was very fast and had a great price !
 ive gotten one for my car and i didnt feel the difference.i put this one in my 2008 sportsman 500 HO and it digs off the line noticeably faster.i got it so i dont have to buy a new filter every so often , now i have the one and only one ill ever need for the lifetime of the bike and you should too
 Expensive ! That 's what a lot of people say about K&N ; filters . However , they are typically less than the cost of two OEM filters , which are not reusable . So in the long run , you can -LRB- and do -RRB- save money . However , this particular filter -LRB- BM-1205 -RRB- is no longer used in current vehicle production , so I was able to get it less than half of what it normally costs.Also , K&N ; gets a lot of criticism for `` letting in dirt '' and for `` messing up MAF 's '' . If you use it and reoil it right , it performs just as well as an OEM filter . Its when you over oil it that you start messing up MAF 's and when you do n't do any maintenance on it is when it starts letting dirt through . I 've used them in many of my vehicles over the years and have never had a problem . MY UOA 's -LRB- used oil analysis -RRB- have come out clean over the years I 've used this with minimal silicon being reported -LRB- silicon = dirt -RRB- . Also , even though many report having an increase in power/torque/MPG 's , I have not . So do n't expect to , either . But you will save some money in the long run if you intend to keep your vehicle and you service this filter as recommended .
 This filter is a direct replacement for an '05 BMW K1200R air filter , part number 13717372602 . If you check on the parts match it will tell you that it will not fit . This is not the case . Go to the K&N filter cross reference site and you will find that it does indeed fit . And by the way , there is some power gain with this filter and you will be able to hear your intake , provided you have stock exhaust . This filter will not `` seal off '' if you ride in the rain , which I do frequently . Happy riding .
 I found that the size of the holes that go through the attaching points should have been a little larger as it was very tight when you were trying to put the filter in place , it had to be forced on .
 My old bike had a similar filter in it , i purchased a K&N filter cleaner kit , cleaned the filter and my bike started to act really funky . After $ 250 at the mechanic , a new R/R , carb . clean , and almost total bike breakdown . I ordered this filter , popped it in and the bike ran like a charm . The order only took a few days to arrive and packaging was unopened .
 I really like washable / re-usable filters on all my vehicles and power-sports equipment . They just make good sense , last forever , and cleaning is far more efficient than a paper filter.The local Honda dealer wanted as much for their paper filter as this K&N ; costs , which made the switch to a permanent filter a no-brainer ! Buy a new filter every 12K miles , or simply wash and re-charge this one every 50K ! The filter was an exact fit , and even came with K&N ; stickers to mount on the outside of the filter housing , as well as a WARNING sticker to alert dealers/maintenance personnel that they are NOT to remove / change / exchange this filter , EVER.After installing this filter , I noticed smoother acceleration , and more power as I reached speed . I took a 400 mile trip on my Sabre this past weekend , and reaped the benefit of gaining 2-3mpg as well ! You ca n't go wrong with installing one of these on ANY vehicle !
 Love my new filter it is an exact fit and has improved my fuel mileage a great deal . It was easy to install , was shipped quckly
 I purchased this filter right after purchasing my used bike . It replaced what looked like the original air filter from 4 years ago . I did not notice any huge improvements in my power and really was n't looking for any . I just appreciate that the filters are able to be cleaned which definitely saves money in the long run . I was at first disappointed because I thought the air filter did n't fit , I was trying to install it at night . The next morning when I decided to give it another try I realized they ship with longer screws to compensate for the increased width of the gasket . This is the second k & n I have put on my vehicles and as long as they are affordable will be the only air filters I install on my own vehicles or recommend to friends and family .
 I already had heard that K&N made great products . But I never bought any of them till I foundmine at a very resonable price on Amazon , much cheaper than the auto parts stores and I checked them ALL . I dropped it into my Yamaha R6 and all I can say is that I have a brand new bike . Much faster off the line as well as top end power and going thru less gas while at it too . If you can find one that will fit your ride find it here add to cart then check out period . Easy install came with instructions and some K&N stickers to throw on my bike as well . Thanks Amazon for a great buy .
 installation onto the motorcycle was very easy . purchased this product because of the K&N name and I am not disappointed . this product does add a little bit more HP .
 Looked all over and finially found this filter here . Lowest price anywhere . Not exactly like the original filter , but it fit fine . Have n't noticed any different in mileage yet , but only put on about about 200 miles . Like the idea , never have to buy another motorcycle filter for my bike , ever . Recieved it very fast from Amazon Thanks , Jim
 Makes more sense to have a reusable filter for my 2003 VFR800a , considering it is only about $ 10 more than the Honda replacement filter , which is oiled paper . Good investment . Bike is pretty new to me , so not sure if performance has increased , only had one take of gas used on stock filter . But it is going to save money by not ever having to buy another air filter for this bike .
 way cheaper than k & n on website got it for my honda vtx 1300 c and looks like exact fit yet to put it on sense its winter fast shipping as well !
 Removed factory installed air filters . They had six thousand miles on them . Installed K&N filters that have a lot more filter area . Run bike and could tell new filters were a real help making more horsepower .
 excellent great purchase thanks + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 cant wait to see what difference it makes . I have had k & n in many applications before , nothing like it around , only down falll on this piticular one is u have to drill a hole in the rubber in it . I put it on my 2002 cbr 954rr .
 You hear a lot of &#34; opinions &#34; about how much better OEM filters are than K&N. ; It 's not true . I 've have and will continue to use K&N ; for both my bike and my car.K & N ; opens the bike up , offers better compression , the bike runs cleaner and cooler as well as being completely re-usable . The filter is better built than OEM and does n't break down and get sucked into the heads.It 's just a great product and the Amazon price ca n't be beat .
 K&N Filters are the cream of the crop . I usually wait until the stock air filter has to be replaced then replace it with these high quality air filters . The bike actually runs a bit better with this less restrictive air filter .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to the stock air filter large displacement motorcycle -LRB- 113c . i. -RRB- . It is a noticeable upgrade compared to the original air filter .
 I bought this as a USED product but when opening it up realized it was actual new , just the box had been opened . Wow , talk about getting a high quality product that will save money in the long run !
 i bought this when i was remodeling my car . was a great buy . worked just as i needed it to and it has my car wiring looking very neat and well protected . its nice and thick as it should be but still very flexible . highly recommended .
 Ca n't have enough of this stuff lying around when doing any type of wiring project . I gave it a 4 stars because the packaging is a bit too small and warps the plastic from being curled over but other than that , this stuff is great !
 This reflective tape is ultra thin and the adhesive is very good , sticking to smooth and matte finishes well . It is easy to apply and the results look sharp . The reflectivity is on par with road signs -LRB- if that 's a good comparison -RRB- . The only knock against it is that the tape is n't 100 % consistent in thickness and some of the edges were n't smooth , but that got better further along in the roll .
 The tape has a very nice reflective quality however it will snap very easily if pulled even to make it straight . good adhesive , so do n't expect to apply and reposition without breaking
 I invested in this Sunforce 44447 900W Wind Turbine for a small house in a wind zone . With some help I installed the windmill -LRB- I was corrected several times - they 're called `` wind turbines '' -RRB- - it was very simple . Installing the tower kit is where the time is , because sliding on the turbine and installing the blades is easy . This is a quiet windmill . This 74 pound turbine has only 3 moving parts so it is unlikely to break down . It came with a 5-year warranty . It starts up at about 7.5 mph wind speed and it 's working fine ! You should get the Sunforce Tower Kit with it , and it will be 30 to 33 feet high . You also need batteries to store the power.The current price at the time of this review , about $ 2,200 is a better than what I paid to own it . I paid just over $ 2,600 early in the year and that was the very best price available at the time , without free shipping and from H.D. Thus the current price is excellent , probably the best price compared to buying it from another vendor , and compares favorably versus similar Gamesa , Enercon and GE Energy turbines because I checked . But make sure you get the manufacturer 's 5-year warranty.With a maximum power of 900 Watts at best , this turbine is not going to be adequate to power an entire big house . It is recommended for a `` cottage '' or `` cabin . '' But it 's great backup power nevertheless , and as long as there is a wind speed average of 12 mph or better , there 's no worry about it paying for itself . This experience made me more confident about wind turbines and I 'm thinking next time to go with the Sunforce 44490 if that price hits my sweet spot . That one is more expensive but gets higher output at lower wind speeds and delivers twice the output of this one . Still , you ca n't beat this price for the Sunforce 44447 , a wind turbine that will last a long time no matter the weather and give you an early breakeven point.To determine whether it was a good idea to invest in wind power , I had to first make sure the location has enough wind . It 's recommended that you have at least a 9 mph average wind speed at your house , and there are websites where you can check this . You have to have a radius of about 250 feet to accommodate your tower and make sure there are n't any laws against your putting up a tower . Regulations can be a little complicated , for example some states require easement rights to inspect your windmill -LRB- turbine ! -RRB- whenever they want.It 's also a great idea to check with your utility company to find out if their policy is to connect a renewable energy system to the electrical grid , and they vary a lot in this regard . I am looking forward to the day when we get a federal law that requires power companies to buy excess renewable energy under conditions where it is a public good . The more of us that get wind turbines , the stronger our case will be , so I love to see those wind turbines go up . Until then one has to think more about battery storage and letting the system shut down once the batteries are fully charged in most states . If your utility company does n't have a dedicated individual to deal with grid-connection requests , you can try contacting the state utility consumer advocate group or the state energy authority.You still need to get the tower kit to mount the turbine . This is the one to get for this turbine : Sunforce 44455 Wind Generator 30 ' Tower Kit
 -LRB- This is a great turbine for the correct wind conditions . Well-built and very inexpensive for what you get . -RRB- There are good reviews here and elsewhere , but I wanted to add a couple of do-before-buying recommendations : - Do n't rely on a simple windmap of your area of the country - Measure it . There are many folks who have datalogging anemometers available for loan/rent on a tall pole . - Put up a pole the height you 're thinking of , and measure the wind speeds for -LRB- ideally -RRB- a month in the summer and in the winter . - Consider going another ten feet higher in elevation . Most of the small wind turbines I 've seen in the field have been mounted lower than optimal for the winds . The price of a taller tower is small compared to the turbine operating less efficiently . - Then compare actual wind speeds with the power output vs. wind speed curves - Get a permit if it 's required !
 I have one of these and the reason I purchased it was after finding all the additional details at http://www.searchgeek.com it helped me decide and I love it . It is great having free electricity . All my neighbours think it is great but someone did call the town and they said I need a permit . We will see .
 I 've always used K&N photos out of habit , and am still pleased . I have this attached to my custom intake and it has held up for several years with no issues , or decreased performance . It is very durable . When putting it onto my intake , the rubber flange was rigid and snug -LRB- good thing to me -RRB- . It would probably stay on without a hose clamp , but I use one anyways . I recommend it as long as you 're getting the correct size .
 I am very pleased with my order and the fast response of the shipment time .
 I 've used these for the better part of 22 years on a number of Saab 9000 Turbos I 've had . Specified by Saab to match the factory designed ignition modules -LSB- either the Trionic or previous edition , pre-1993 -RSB- , they work perfectly with the APC on older cars as well as the Direct Ignition cassette of the newer engines.Reliable , great at cold starting , you can experiment with varying the gap from factory specs , depending on how aggressive you drive and any modifications you 've done to the turbo/Trionic system . I tried Bosch platinum plugs several times over the years -LSB- although mainly on an '86 9000 turbo -RSB- and although they lasted forever , the NGK seemed to be less picky about timing issues -LSB- on the older engines with a distributor cap/rotor -RSB- . I wo n't even bother with the Bosch plugs on the two '97 9000 turbos we have
 Good plugs for up to 500hp on pump gas , ca n't complain . Was using V-power version of these but on high boost the V shaped electrode was wearing down way too fast and erosion was causing miss fires as the gap increased quite a bit which probably also causes the spark to go out by high boost so I 'm using these as the price is about the same and work just as well as colder plugs . Keep an eye on them and go colder if you need to but you have to check your tune and plugs to determine if you need to go colder . Do n't just use colder b/c you think it will give you more HP b/c it wont
 I replaced the headlights on my Fleetwood Flair RV -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . Called up Fleetwood and they wanted over $ 200 per headlight assembly . Found these replacements on Amazon at incredible price , perfect replacement , everything I needed .
 I bought these replacements for my 2000 Fleetwood Bounder -LRB- Workhorse Chassis -RRB- after removing the originals and searching the net for a replacement . I figured for $ 23.00 it was worth the try . I had them in 2 days -LRB- using free shipping -RRB- and they went right in . Forget the polish systems this is way easier and it comes with the bulb already installed - I assume without someone ever touching the glass ? We will see how long the bulbs last ? 1 hour for both installed with a pair of snap ring pliers .
 Ordered this headlight lens to replace my original lamp that I destroyed due to not properly securing the bulb retainer ... Put on a nice smoke show though ! Silly me . This lamp is great except for two reasons . 1 . Like almost any aftermarket brand do n't expect original equipment quality . The adjusters are much flimsier than oe and overall quality is not quite there . 2 . I wish they included the retaining clips . 20 years takes its toll on metal and two of my clips broke upon removal of the lamp this replaced . It 's not easy to find the clips to these at your local shop so either pony up the 4.25 per clip at your local ford stealership or do yourself a favor and find the 25 pack here on amazon for 12.00 . Sure you do n't need 25 but you could either hang on to them , sell them , or just help a fellow ford lover out should the need arise!Be gentle installing it and you should be fine . You will need to remove 2 11mm nuts retaining the lamp . This is the pass side so they are pretty much directly behind the battery on either side . Take the screws out of the bezel and of course unplug the bulb from the socket and finally remove the retaining clips . For my bronco two were at the top one on each side and one on the bottom near the signal bulb . You will need to remove the little weatherstrip lip that runs across the top of the radiator to find the upper clip closest to the driver side .
 While this headlight assembly worked fine for my 1993 F-350 Diesel , it took almost 8 hours to install them both . It is not the fault of the headlight assembly , but of the Ford manufacturing company . Before you order this , you need to know that Ford did not design the headlight assemblies on their early 1990 's pickups to be replaced . The headlights are held on by locking clips that require a special tool to remove . The tool looks like a Piston Ring Compression tool , but is a little different . But even if you have this tool , you still ca n't get the clips off because some are located in recesses of the actual frame work where the tool can not reach or fit . Even if you take the whole front of the truck apart you still can not access these areas because they are part of the frame -LRB- I know , I did take the whole front of my truck apart -RRB- . The bottom line is that you will have to break the metal clips to get the headlight assembly out . This is not to mention the hidden bolts that hold the shroud around the headlight on . Yes , there are bolts that hold the shroud on from up and under the backside of the grill . It is impossible to see them , even if you know where they are . You must take them out by feel alone , by curling your hand under , up and backwards . And you must be careful not to drop the bolts when they come out because they will fall into an area that will be almost impossible to get them back.The bottom line is that while these replacement headlight assemblies are great , replacing the existing ones with them is a nightmare . I have friends that are Ford mechanics and have worked on these trucks since they came out and had never tried to replace the headlights because of this . They actually came over and asked me how to do it once I figured it out . Unless you are an incredibly patient person , you will probably end up taking a crow bar to your truck to get existing assemblies out . It can be done , but not without breaking something . But once they are out the others go back in fine and putting the clips back on is a cinch . Now that I know how to do it , it would still take a couple hours each assemblies to to replace them , but I would sell the truck before I tried it again . Shame on Ford !
 this headlight assembley was exactly what i wanted , it arrived ahead of schedule . it was in pefect shape . instaled easily and looks great ! It even came with the headlight bulb ! could , nt be more happy , so i ordered another one for the passenger side ! thankx guys n gals !
 Good value for the money . Headlamp assembly came with bulb , bulb retainer , and adjusters . The lower geared adjusters were flimsy and would have allowed headlamps to bounce up and down . I reused to old adjusters and am pleased with the final result .
 As I understand it TYC is the premium OEM headlight supplier . I compared it to another that I received in error , and it is much clearer and better made . Beware of those sellers that tell you that a substitute is just like the TYC because `` it 's made in the same molds '' or some other nonsense-it is not . Spend the extra money to get a TYC .
 This bag is great . has pockets for everything . im using it as a diaper bag kinda for my 3 yr old . it holds a change of clothes , hand wipes , snacks , juice boxes , and still has room for my stuff . the strap is comfortable . ive had to wear it for 4 + hours walking through a zoo and it didnt leave any marks or hurt my shoulder/neck . very stylish too .
 I really like this bag . It 's very spacious and keeps things organized for the most part . It can fit large textbooks -LRB- though it 's quite painful to the shoulder -RRB- . I like how the front flap is magnetized so you do n't have to spend time zipping or clipping it shut .
 This is a fantastic bag . I have used it as a diaper bag . I have since purchased others for friends and family as gifts because everyone loved mine so much ! The should strap is nice and sturdy and adjustable . I have washed my bag several times and it has held up great and looks fabulous after every wash . Love the compartments and the design . It is super functionable , yet classy and stylish . I would highly recommend them to anyone !
 I went back and forth between LED 's and the Neons and I 'm so Glad that I went with this product . They look awesome and are removable , which I needed ! Very Bright and well worth buying ! Very easy to install ! I definitely recommend !!!!
 Considering the cost and knowing it was an aftermarket part , I was expecting it to be a little off from the original , but it was not . It was a high quality replacement and went in exactly like the original . Very Happy !
 These mats are a custom fit which allows them to stay put , and perform wonderfully . The materials seem to be of higher quality than most car mats that I 've seen .
 I bought this gauge pod for my 2007 GMC Sierra Classic . The pod is installed by mounting to the windshield with some very aggressive 3M Velcro . This is the only thing supporting the pod , so I moved up my rear-view mirror to help support the pod from underneath . The Velco that 's included works very well but it 's white in color . The drawback is you can easily see the white squares of the adhesive side through the outside of the windshield . Not a big deal , but it detracts from the appearance of the truck slightly . Some black Velcro would have done the trick but I was in a hurry installing this so I just used the stuff that was included.The pod does limit how much you can adjust your rear-view mirror somewhat but I was able to find a spot that worked.The pod was VERY easy to paint . I got some Dupli-Color plastic and vinyl paint and all I had to do to prep the surface of the pod was hit it with a 3M scuffing pad . Three coats of paint and it was good to go . The texture in the plastic does n't match the factory plastic in the overhead console but it 's pretty close.The AutoMeter 2 1/16 '' guages fit in to the pod with no modifications . They are a perfect -LRB- tight -RRB- fit and I did n't need to secure them from the back at all.The top of the pod does n't match up to the headliner perfectly , but it 's a pretty small gap and could most likely be remedied by using some thicker Velcro on the windshield.Overall a good product that did n't require any modification -LRB- other than painting -RRB- to work . It 's getting four stars instead of five because of the white Velcro and the fact that it does n't quite line up with the headliner , leaving a small gap at the top .
 I have this exhaust tip on my honda 400ex and my yamaha warrior . I love the deep tone it has . Its pretty loud compared to a stock exhaust . Its not extremely loud , like annoying loud . I removed the spark arrestor on both pipes . My friend has an hmf and our quads sound very similar . This is a great prouduct for the price .
 Great bulbs , just like I bought at Harley Davidson . Fits well and works . So far so good . I would buy these again .
 This is the 2nd time I have Purchased this product . I have installed it in 2 different motors and It perfroms flawlessly
 Got these for my 16 year old son - he wanted purple for his black car . We took them to NTSB and they installed it for him . Bought them in 2009 and it 's 2012 and they still work great !
 This exhaust tip was a nice complement to my wife 's 2010 Subaru Impreza . She wanted a quiet car and this tip was just right for her , heard a resonated tip on another Impreza and it sounded horrible . The Magnaflow tip kept her car quiet and did n't change the tone of her exhaust . Had to be welded on though .
 I purchased this tip to add on to Magnaflow muffler and together they are perfect . The tip is welded on to muffler and it makes it look aggressive while still being small at the outlet . I recommend this item to anyone and especially at these great prices .
 It fit like a glove and what I expected since this is my second one . I would definately recommend to anyone .
 If you live in an area , as I do , that is part sand , part mud and , on occasion , part snow , this is a great alternative to a traditional carpet floor mat .
 My HP2 was idling rough and the throttle response was n't smooth . I installed the NGK 's and the engine improvement was immediate .
 I REALLY HOPE THESE SPARK PLUGS WORK FOR ME , I HAVE HIGH EXPECTATIONS ON THESE AFM PARTS SPARK PLUGS . LET 'S SEE .
 So far so good . I am pleased with the performance of the plugs -LRB- running in a 2000 Sea-Doo RX -RRB- and the vendor . We will reserve judgement as to whether or not these plugs are worth the extra money in the long term .
 no complaints . The product is exactly as it was advertised . Also , it shipped quickly . Would recommend as a product that works perfectly at a great price .
 Thought i 'd try this plug and see if the motorcycle responded any differently and it seemed to have a little more power than the stock plug . It should last a good long time too .
 old railroad expression , equivalent to the Brits &#34; does what it says on the tin &#34; . have n't installed it yet on my Kymco Xciting 500Ri ; looking forward to smother stars and cold get-away .
 I 've used it on my Kymco Super 8 150cc for about ~ 2800 miles . No issues.note
 I have n't really noticed a difference in my bike 's performance since installing these . HP stayed the same -LRB- dyno confirmed -RRB- and MPG did n't change . They feel solid and everyone -LRB- and their grandmother -RRB- recommended them . I guess I will see as soon as I go to clean them next oil change .
 Easy to Gap , a nice upgrade plug for my 2011 XL1200C Harley Davidson . Hope they dont rust like the stock ones !
 I purchased these for my FJR-1300 when it was due for plug replacement . They came already set to the right gap which I do n't know if that was what they advertise.I bought them for the longer life . Others have stated they get better performance and other notions , but I did n't feel or find any differences myself.Time will tell if the price difference was worth it .
 Working well on my motorcyclePros : - working for 40K kms on my BMW F800ST -LRB- can work more -RRB- - better ignitionCons : - no cons for me
 I own three motorcycles . When it is time to change out the plugs , I always pay the extra money and buy Iridium plugs . They cost anywhere from $ 7 - $ 10 each , so they are not cheap , but I want my bike running perfect and purring like a cat while riding a short distance through the mountains or taking off across country . No hassles , no problems . My bike starts first time , everytime , runs smooth , great mileage and no problems while away from home . So , are these worth the price difference ? Because I ride about 20,000 miles yearly , I would rather pay the difference for idea plugs and enjoy worry free riding instead of possibly having a break-down somewhere far from home . They give me piece of mind . Money well spent . Buying NGK is a personal preference . I have used NGK in my street-bikes , ATV 's and in my younger years I used NGK in my dirt bikes . I 'm content with their performance and longevity .
 I installed these into my 1978 Porsche 930 turbo . I have always used Bosch Platinum W3DPO plugs for their durability , however for street driving they are a bit on the cold side . These are just a shade hotter in the heat range . Lets see how long they last
 I use these in my can am 400 . I really did n't need 5 of them , but for the cost , it 's nice to have a few sitting around when needed .
 I decided to try iridium spark plugs in my motorcycle . Even though they cost over twice as much as the standards , you get what you pay for . These are great looking plugs that fit and work without any problems . I have n't used them enough yet to see if my mileage has changed any , but I expect at least a little improvement . My motorcycle seems to feel stronger , especially when idling .
 I installed a pair of these plugs in my Harley after reading great reviews about the performance of the plugs . After installing I noticed a slight difference in the performance of my bike . Bike seemed to start and idle better .
 Just a spark plug , fits my Chinese scooter engine -LRB- I have a TaoTao ATM50 A1 -RRB- , but there are many brands using this same Honda clone engine.Has a small center pin , and the right gapping from the factory.Supposedly lasts a long time , ca n't say as I use it as a backup plug .
 I used these on my 2002 Honda cr125r and they are great they never foul out like other plugs these are iridium plugs they are the best you can get
 Love these spark plugs . They perform their job with total satisfaction on my end . In fact , this review is so far behind me purchasing the plugs , I need to order some more ...
 2009 YZ450F was taking too many kicks to start -LRB- only 14hr on bike -RRB- . I had just bought the bike . Dad says `` replace the spark plug . '' I put the NKG CR8EIX in and a new air filter . It starts much easier now . Cold start took just one kick yesterday -LRB- man was i surprised -RRB- . The air filter was twin air . Big difference ! Listen to your old man !
 I was rebuilding my Honda Elite and decided to buy this and got it at good price and works just fine .
 I run this plug in my GY6 150cc 4 stroke engine and compared to a conventional plug , I have experienced the complete loss of sputter at WOT . I highly recommend this plug to anyone looking for a premium ignition add on .
 Bought this for Honda XR100 R and it rocks ! Yes get one ASAP and you will be glad you did ... We are !
 In some technologies I 'm a true believer . I truly believe my motorcycle runs better with these installed . I did find a review that showed a horsepower increase , though in my experience I 've never seen a horsepower increase from spark plugs .
 Thank you for the Spark plug Fired up first time . Clean running machine . See ya on the Road .
 These iridium spark plugs really makes a difference.But my engine gets kind of irregular motion while it 's still cold . Not really a problem cause after 15min you are already using all that extra iridium goodness !
 Installed these plugs into a 2009 1200 sportster , they are great plugs . Highly recommend this product . The pricing is fair and if you buy at the auto parts store you are going to pay more . .
 Took a bit to find some platinum style , Iridium spark plugs for our older Honda Rebel.Going to NGK site directly and working the search helped identify the correct plug.Installation was a breeze because we did not have to gap the plugs ourselves . Bike seems to be running stronger - but the intent was to make sure it has the best , fresh plugs .
 Quite simply , these are the best spark plugs you can buy.Burns cleaner , gives more power , better sound , and last 3 or 4 times longer.These sparks do n't foul as easily as regular ones.Go Iridium all the way
 The bike was loosing its pep and not starting near as easy . Installed these in less than an hour and it starts right up instantly and revs much smoother ! A + + ! -LRB- Installed in 2011 Ninja 250R @ 9,050 Miles -RRB-
 This product was a great value . Worked great for the Harley . Looked elsewhere on the web and at the local Harley Davidson dealer and this was the best price around .
 Wow , over 100,000 miles life in my Camry , and the gap was still in spec . when replaced . The only plug that I now use in my truck , cars and motorcycle . Well worth the extra cost .
 These plugs last about 3 to 4 times longer than the stock ones but can be pricey and hard to find in stores . So on line works well because you usually have to wait anyway and the price is right
 These spark plugs are among the best , they last the longest and never foul . the shipping is a little slow but worth the wait
 I bought four of these for my Suzuki DL650 . They came in a reasonable time frame . They work just fine in the bike . They were factory set within the specs of my motorcycle so I was able to just put them in and go .
 I switched the turn signals & brake/tail lights on a 2001 KE100 motorcycle to LED 's and as a result I had a lot of ignition noise that the LED 's picked up . These resistive plugs solved that issue -LRB- the stock plugs were non-resistive type -RRB- . Anyway ... . served the purpose & no noticeable effect otherwise with engine performance .
 Great plug . On sale its just a few dollars more than a copper core plug . Seeing that this is for use in single cylinder engines a 3 or 4 dollars is not much to spend for such an important part of the overall engine performance . Ive had great luck not fouling this plug on my CR250 . It starts real well even after a crash -LRB- usually anyway -RRB- not that I like to test anything by crashing :-RRB- but it happens .
 Subsitute to the NGK B8EV plug , this is the best plug ever . I run it in a totally modified Kawasaki that will not run with any standard plug
 Bought this plug to try in my Aprilia Scooter . I wanted to see if I had a performance change using the Iridium plug . I really ca n't notice any big improvements . Too early to tell if mileage gets better . The plug comes with a threaded end and I needed a terminal cap to use it with my scooter - that was hard to find - parts store guy stole one off another plug and gave it to me - none of the parts houses here in Boise carry the terminal screw on cap - what a pain - I suggest -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- putting one on the plug and letting us -LRB- the consumer -RRB- take it off if we do n't need it , instead of making us search for one if we do. :-RRB- >>
 This is the second set of these I 've put in my Harley -LRB- every 2 to 3 years -RRB- . Immediately there was a 5 mpg jump in gas milageWay better than the HD Platinum Plus plugs.With a little bit of research and cross reference for your bike -LRB- s -RRB- , I wo n't guarantee 5 mpg for you , but I bet you see an immediate jump in milage.Never going to use another plug again.Highly recommended !
 shipped right away , good price , correct spark plugs . I have used iridium plugs in my yamana fjr1300 and they are worth the extra money .
 These spark plugs work great in my pit bike as they provide a better spark , and the price per plug was hands down the lowest out there .
 Everywhere I looked these were 20.00 , I wanted the best plug I could get for my 150cc scooter and this definitley fit the bill .
 I have consistently used NGK on a HARLEY running a high output S&S 124 WITH R&R Heads . These plug never foul and after 30K miles they still had plenty of life left . Great product , put them in and forget them . No issues with HD SS electronics or security system
 I used these on my Bandit 1200 . I tracked my mileage religiously and used the same commuting path . These plugs gave a 6 mpg improvement -LRB- 42 to 48 -RRB- . YMMV
 These are the only spark plugs I use or recommend for my harley . ca n't go wrong with these plugs in my opinion .
 I bought 1 for a 125cc Motofino scooter and noticed a difference on the first start . Bought a 2nd one for my Honda Elite . If I need any scooter spark plugs in the future it 'll be this NGK .
 This spark plug is excellent in the 2003 VRSCA Harley Davidson Vrod . I purchased a set for my 30000 mile replacements . The increase in response was immediate and the smooth transition from low rpm to high rpm was perfect .
 I definitely can say they improve my performance of my 350 V8 engine . Try them and see if they make a believer out of you .
 With expensive paper replacment filters , this K&N air filter investment pays for it self in no time .
 Shipping of the ez read 2000 was very quick and the Ez read 2000 works as advertized . Used it to clear my check engine light from problem I corrected a year ago with the egr , and have used it several times on friends and family vehicles to pinpoint problems . The unit works very well and is user friendly . A fee will be charged for the upgrades to a scanner etc. , but the upgradeable feature is the reason I purchased it.Cables are of excellent quality
 you get your money 's worth with this scanner . Found the problem with my truck in seconds .
 the tool is very good the documentation is excelent.the custromer support is FANTASTIC .
 It works well and a good asset to have when troubleshooting . It allowed me to find a knock sensor error and know to start looking for it on the vehicle . Using my repair manual I found where it was and traced the wire and in very limited confines I found a broken conductor -LRB- but no break in the insulation of the wire -RRB- by a bulge I noticed . I spliced it and problem solved!It has many cables for many makes/models . I purchased and extra one I think too and am covered now for almost anything .
 This product was amazingly simple to use and very accurate , I knew what was wrong with my car in less than ten minutes . I am really glad I purchased it !
 The CD is packed with additional fun stuff . A true PDF of the original manuals . I have the paper versions as well .
 This is a complete Ford shop manual just as the dealership would use , but better ! You can print the pages get them greasy and print another one !
 Used on a '95 Buick LeSabre . The fit was good and it works fine . I do n't know what else I could add other than with the difference in price for the needed strainer and entire in-tank assembly , I went with the entire assembly . The strainer came with it .
 Ordered these floor mats to go in the 69 Roadrunner . . went to the car show and they looked great inside the car !
 We were happy with the floor mats . They are really cute and will be going in a '69 Roadrunner .
 This window lift motor was an exact OEM replacement for my 1999 VW Jetta -LRB- Mark III -RRB- and had no issues . The motor lowers/lifts the window without being overworked or straining . I installed the motor today ... it took about 30-45 minutes . Remove the door panel , remove the window regulator , unscrew the lift motor 's mounting screws -LRB- Torx screws , two small size -RRB- , replace the motor then re-install the regulator and door panel.Time will tell if this unit was a good purchase ... So far , so good .
 I purchased my previous floor jack in 1982 , and it has served me very well through the years . That jack was a Japanese made Astroline 2-ton model that I paid under $ 100 for new . It still looks good and just recently began bypassing under lift weight . After 30 years , it 's probably only a minor problem that a new seal somewhere will cure . But , after 30-years , I decided a new jack was in order when I saw I could get a 2 1/2 - ton for just over $ 100 . Looking at the new OTC jack and my old Astroline , the two jacks compare favorably . The rear wheels on the new jack are removable and adjustable on the swivel seat , where they are simply welded on the Astroline . The gauge of metals used throughout the two jacks also appears the same , but the OTC saddle is smaller than that on the Astroline . The saddles will interchange just as they will on most shop jacks of this size . The wheels on the OTC are painted black so well I initially thought they were made of some hard composite , but a magnet confirmed they were a ferrous metal . Both of these jacks are similarly heavy and have a like stance with the overall wheel widths on the OTC set at about 10-inches in front and 13-inches on the rear - about one-inch narrower front and rear than my old Astroline . Overall reach from the handle base , in its vertical parked position , to the front of the wheels is about 22-inches . The assembled handle is 39 3/4 - inches and the jack base is 26-inches front to rear . From minimum lift to full lift is also very close for each jack . The hydraulic release action is smooth and steady on each jack , and they feel much the same in use - with good power on lifting -LRB- when the Astroline is working -RRB- . All of this means both jacks will feel quite the same to me in use - and I actually like that.However , there are some things I dislike - the gears on the OTC jack are n't as beefy as they are on the old Astroline - but they are held on by a threaded nut and replaceable on the OTC , where they were welded onto the old Astroline . The rear wheel spindles are also a cheap rivet type stamped on shaft supporting the wheels in the swivels . The front wheels are also rounded on the OTC where the Astroline wheel is a wider flat wheel that spreads the weight out over a larger surface area.My new OTC jack arrived in good time from Amazon . It did have some scratches here and there , but the box was still in fair condition . The 12mm bolt that holds the handle on was missing from my order , and there was a small rubber o-ring and a small nylon washer in a package I still ca n't find a place for . There are good instructions and parts listings in the manual . The bolt is a minor issue as I probably have one lying around somewhere in my garage that will fit . But , that o-ring and washer have worried me - since I have n't seen a place for them - hopefully they are just spares . I rank the overall quality and quality control as good to better , but not excellent - hence my rating of four stars . Still , for just over $ 100 this is a floor jack that should n't be overlooked . It also has a two-year OTC limited warranty . You can register for your product warranty on the OTC site.Note
 I 've owned a variety of floor jacks and the OTC 2-1/2 ton jack is far and away the best yet . Built like tank , and easy to operate , I expect this may be the last jack I 'll every need to own . Just be aware that it is not very portable -LRB- 75lbs -RRB- so if you need a jack to tote around from place to place you may want to go with another brand . For thew price though , you ca n't really do much better.-MZ
 I just install them in my car !!! , so I 'm not sure how good they are , they seem to be of good quality , , but only time will tell , the price very reasonable , the fit was perfect , one of the reasons for me to buy this centric the price . .
 They fit my car perfectly , better than the original front floor mats that where all worn out and liked to ride up under the pedals . I 'm planning on getting a set for our other car here soon . Honestly I wish I would have bought these a while ago .
 Direct fit for my 2002 Jeep Liberty V6.Drops right in with zero effort , much higher quality than the stock air filter .
 Installed in 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee . Simple install , direct OEM fit like a champ . I do n't notice any exhaust sound difference as others have noted , but throttle response has definitely increased due to the lesser restriction . My gas mileage in city was typically around 11 MPG but now will not do anything less than 12 MPG unless I 'm hard on the HEMI . Worked as advertised . I 've been using K&N for years and had the FIPK2 System on my last Jeep , but now that I know that these filters work almost as well for 1/5 the price , I 'll be buying the OEM fit replacements for all my vehicles from here on out !
 I 've bought these filters for all of my cars , and they 've never disappointed . They keep you from paying $ 12 a shot for a new air filter every 12,000 miles , and they give you extra MPG and HP . All you have to do is take them out , clean them , and put them back in . It takes no time at all to do that ... the only thing that takes some time is letting the filter dry out after you washed it . Great investment for the long haul .
 I recently purchased a used 2006 Jeep Commander Limited with the Hemi engine . It was certainly spirited but quieter and milder than I had hoped . I knew that the K & N replacement filter was the least expensive way to add zip , sound , and economy to my new ride . Sure enough , I popped it in and added more authority to the exhaust note , a little more pickup , and the mileage is even a little improved if I can just keep my foot out of the accelerator .
 If your not driving a throw away car i would get one of these . Do n't count on better gas milage maybe a couple of hp . Its definitly an upgrade from anything stock . Its an oil bathed cloth filter instead of paper . The oil catches much smaller dust particals then paper . plus with the K&N recharge kit it does n't matter how nasty the filter gets it just like new again and again and again !
 Gained almost 2 miles to the gallon highway on the wife 's Jeep Comander . Doesnt make much difference in town tho with this particular vehicle .
 I have one of these in each vehicle , it 's a must have if your on top of your vehicle PV as I am , a little high on price ... but is n't everything the past few years .
 Comes pre-oiled , which I was n't sure of when I bought it , so save the $ on the recharge kit until you need it . I after installation I saw my gas mileage go from 15/18 .5 to 16/20 .5 in my Jeep Grand Cherokee , though to be fair , the old paper filter was pretty dirty .
 Have used for years and love them . great product would recommend this product for everyone that owns a car ...
 This filter was very easy to install , only took me a few minutes . I put it in my 2007 Jeep Grand Cherokee , it sounds really nice and clean , it eliminates the choppy noise from gear to gear and sounds smooth . But I have not noticed very much performance difference yet . My MPG has stayed the same while I think the horse power may have increased by 1-5 MAX . Overall it is a nice replacement from the cheap stock air filters you can buy anywhere .
 I am installed on my Jeep 2006 KJ Renegade 3.7 liters and this is key elements to considerer if you want to improve the gas consumption . The chance is impressive and you will obtain a little bid more power .
 Compr&eacute; este filtro con cierta desconfianza , una vez instalado en mi Jeep el veh&iacute;culo mejor&oacute; la potencia y econom&iacute;a por lo que si lo recomiendo . Mi veh&iacute;culo es Jeep Cherokee turbo diesel CRD .
 This was the cheapest one I could find online and it 's working perfectly !! This product is advertised as lifetime which I did n't try yet . but overall it 's a great buy ~
 I have a V-8 Hemi in my Jeep commander and put this in . Made a 2-3 MPG difference right away . Sounds pretty good too!Faaaaast delivery !
 He sido usuario de filtros K&N ; por mas de 5 a & ntilde ; os y los mismos nuncan me han decepcionado . En esta ocasi&oacute;n lo instale en una Grand Cherokee WK 2008y la misma responde con mas agilidad al momento de acelerar y una reducci&oacute;n de consumo de combustible de un 5 % aproximadamente .
 This K&N product is the best air filter for your Grand Cherokee . And the best price that I found on the web was here in Amazon
 It 's an air filter . It works fine in my 2006 Jeep Commander . I like that the oil change shop down the street will clean it for me for free when I get my oil changed .
 I bought this filter for my 2002 Jeep Liberty . My stock filter was clogged and from reading other reviews about K&N , I decided to go with them . I 've had the filter in my Jeep for over a month and I LOVE IT ! My gas mileage has improved , my acceleration is a lot of more responsive and it gives a little more roar to your car . I would hands down recommend K&N to anyone in the market looking for a replacement air filter !
 Just stop being cheap . Just buy one . You will new need to replace it just wash and reuse . Better for mother earth .
 The first order was totally destroyed by the goons at UPS . -LRB- Photos on file with Curt -RRB- . It was unrepairable . Amazon was very on the ball with a RMA shipping label . The replacement came in two days . The goons bent this hitch also , but not as bad . However with a block and tackle , it was installed.Suggestion to send UPS goons to remedial reading class so they can decipher `` This end UP '' !
 Nice quality heavy duty steel , very nice finish . Fit 1994 Ford F-150 . Easier to install than I originally thought , just have a good set of drill bits , a couple of large `` C '' clamps , and a floor jack ready . Did n't even need to remove spare tire for the installation . The metal plates that hold the carrige bolts make the installation easier and allow you to tighten the nuts with a single wrench . Great idea !
 I installed the Curt 13310 on my 2000 Dodge Ram full size 1/2 ton pickup . The instructions said I might need to adjust the bumper and that I would have to drill some 1/2 '' bolt holes . I did n't need to do either . Everything fit perfectly . I installed this hitch by myself in about 20 mins . It could n't have been easier . I recommend putting thread locker on the bolts before you tighten them . The hitch looks great . The only thing visible from the back of the truck is the receiver part . And best of all , it 's made in the good old USA .
 Receiver fit my 99 Dodge Ram 1500 without any drilling . Went on without a hitch and has worked well so far . Thread locker does help on the bolts , and the washers holding the top in place is very nice for securing the receiver to the frame .
 The side rail was bent so I had to straighten it out . Otherwise , it was a perfect fit and very easy to install . It appears to be well-made , also .
 It fit my 1998 dodge ram 1500 perfectly . Had to ream a few holes out , but went on like a breeze . .
 This hitch was a joy to install . It clearsthe tire carrier hook , fits perfect , and looksgood . I highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent hitch . Box had a hole in it when I received it , but everything was intact . Not much you can say about it , other than it is heavy duty and works fine .
 I ` am 67 years old and i put this hitch on myself . It went on just like they said , and the hardware they sent made the mounting job very easy . thank you Curt manufacturing . . I would rate this hitch a 10 . .
 There are numerous reviews/complaints all over the f150online site and other F-150 forums about the lack of documentation as well as difficulty of install so I 'll go light on that and focus more on how the product looks/performs once installed.Inside the roof the Ford factory hardness has a female connector into which a male connector plugs in . This male connector in turn splits into the 3 sockets that hold the three 921 bulbs used by the stock 3rd brake light housing . Since the Recon LED 3rd brake light bypasses this 3-socket harness altogether and plugs directly into the female connector -LRB- into which the three 921 sockets split harness plug into as previously mentioned -RRB- you have to somehow remove this female connector which is attached directly to the metal roof . The Recon installation instructions , which are now included with the 3rd brake light , states to use a flathead screwdriver to detach the female connector from the roof . Since the hole is way too small for a male hand -LRB- or even female -RRB- much less a male hand + flathead screwdriver you 'd better have your kids do the install lol . I had read the reviews prior to the install but did not know at the time how the female connector is designed/built and attached to the roof I ended up accidentally just shearing off the clip that holds this connector to the roof . The female connector is still whole and fully functional it just can never be reattached to the roof . Anyhow , so after this little incident I was able to pull the female connector into the open , unclip and remove the 3-bulb socket split harness , and with that it was straight up plug and play . Plugged the male connector from the Recon LED 3rd brake light into the stock female connector and all lights fired right up . Screwed the 2 stock screws back in , without overtightening otherwise the brand new housing will crack , and the installation was complete.Since my 2008 FX4 is Ford 's Oxford White I did n't want white on white so chose the smoked housing and am glad I did . The smoked 3rd brake light looks great , especially with the cargo lights on . Because the cargo LEDs lights are now a white light but the smoked housing is a slightly dark tint you have white light shining through smoked which creates this smoked HID look lol . It 's hard to describe with words just trust me it looks . . interesting . Further , depending on the angle from which you 're looking the LEDs , even though individually separate , look as if they are all connected . In other words you have LED `` bars '' instead of dots . 3 `` bars '' for the left cargo light , 3 red `` bars '' for the middle brake light , and 3 `` bars '' for the right cargo light . This creates a very unique look when all lights are on . Now the negative
 I purchased this light -LRB- the smoked lens kit -RRB- for my 07 Ford Sport Trac , and it matches truck perfectly ! The LEDS are a wonderful upgrade since they 're brighter and use less current than the stock bulbs.The installation was a breeze with the easy-to-follow instructions.I highly recommend this light kit .
 I purchased this product to match the tinted Recon tail lights that I had installed . I ran into the same issues as other reviewers regarding the installation . I spent 30 minutes trying to get the wiring harness loose , and finally ended up cutting off the 2 retainer clips that hold the head liner up above the rear window . The local Ford dealer had replacements for $ 7.00 each . Once the headliner was loose , the job was quick . The unit works fine and looks good
 Very pleased with the fit and finish of this product . It was for my neices car . I would purchase this product again . In fact I was so impressed with this , that I bought 2 more for my truck and car . Also bought them for my parents .
 I bought this for my 2012 Toyota Tacoma Access Cab , and I 'm glad I ignored Amazon 's `` Find Parts that fit your vehicle '' feature . Why ? Because I checked with the manufacturer . I have complained to a service rep , but what do they care ? I 've also contacted vendors , and they do not like the feature either . I know it 's not perfect , but it 's still a waste of time and money to send your orders back.Now that 's out of the way , the dash cover fits perfectly on my 2012 Tacoma.Btw , mine came with missing self-adhesive hook fasteners .
 This break light looks and preforms flawlessly , and the installation was absolutely easy . I had it installed in probably less then 10 minutes . highly recommended .
 I bought 2 wipers a 24 '' and an 18 '' and I am amazed at the performance . I 've always purchased cheap wipers and was never satisfied . These are of great quality . My old ones would squeak and stutter all over the windshield leaving streaks . These are completely silent . I just treat my windshield with Rain-X Glass Treatment and they glide over as smooth as ever , with one pass the view is as clear as crystal . If I close my eyes I wo n't even know the wipers are on . And the cool thing is I do n't have to buy all new wipers when its time to change them , I just buy the replacement rubber parts . PIAA is too cool : -RRB-
 A little harder to work with then standard hoses . Make sure to wrap the hose with electrical tape where you want to cut it . Fibers like to poke you , too ! Love the look !
 best air filter made . always use in all my cars and trucks . easy to install and clean and reinstall . last up to 1 million miles .
 great value , great gas milage , easy to clean , by far one of the best product made by americans . no wonder some many countries hate us . all they 's need is a better air filter for their car bombs , maybe they would n't blow them up , if they knew they had a k & n air filter , the homeboy would be like . `` amed are you ready to be with allah and 3 virgins ? '' amed says `` boonjavi , i woke up late and their was a long line at starbucks , i had to wait for hours to get my mocha orange carmel frappuccino , then i got pulled over for speeding , then i ran out of gas , so i pushed this carbomb in the 120 degree heat , i got to the gas station paid $ 2.31 to fill up , since i filled up i got a free car wash , when i got the car washed i checked the tire pressure , the oil and all the fluids , then i check the air filter and it was clean , no sand , no grim , just clean . it made me happy that all was good with my car because of this air filter . i do n't think i 'm gon na do it , i love my car to much . maybe you should do it , you have a fram filter . '' god bless america and god bless k & n.
 Works great ! Wanted this brand because neighbor has had on for years and the only place I could find it was Amazon . Price was right as well .
 Gets the job done for checking the load on a car battery . Not recommended for high amperage draw batteries but most cars gasoline powered are good . Easy to use and reads either good or bad with marginal on the line .
 Hi Guys , I sell batteries and had problems with customers returning them for no good reason , i.e. the batteries were still working fine and there was another problem in the vehicle that kept running them dead . With this tool you could definitively check to see if the battery is actually faulty or not . I 've had it only a little while but use it every single business day and it works great .
 This is a great tool that is well built . I was thinking of getting the analog but I am glad I bought the digital . The analog is easier with the the color coded voltage scale but if you remember to test with a fully charged battery -LRB- accurate test requires a charged up battery anyway -RRB- a strong battery will load test to 9.6 and higher . 10 volts is the scale for a good healthy battery -LRB- with full charge under load test after 10 secs . take off load should return to 12.6 + on a 12 volt battery -RRB- . All the tests are easy and the tester is well made with strong clamps .
 This seems to be a well made tool overall . It is made in China for those of us who care about that sort of thing .
 This a a good load tester for the money . I use it to check golf cart batteries at our campground . It will check 6 volt , 8 volt , and 12 volt .
 OTC3182 battery tester is simple to use ; very easy to get `` read '' on battery condition with this device .
 I use this to test all of my batteries . After issues in my vehicles and boats with batteries I wanted a better way to test them . No more bad batteries on the trolling motor and disappointing days getting batteries instead of fishing . I also feel confident that I know when the battery needs replacing . Before I would replace the batteries before they needed replacing just to make sure I would n't be left stranded . One unit can cover many batteries and now that my fishing buddies and neighbors know that I have the tester they do drop by or call to borrow it .
 The product is now used on a Baja 5.0 L Mercruiser inboard engine . Looks great , when the engine is on display .
 This product is awesome . It looks great ! It has a rubber seal around the bottom of the lid so it fit better and sealed better than the stock lid ! The chrome is high quality as you would expect from edelbrock !!!
 This car cover is very well made . . should hold up for years . The fit -LRB- 2004 Avalon -RRB- is perfect . It is very easy to put on and take off . Rolls up into a very manageable bundle . I strongly recommend this cover .
 This is actually the OEM NipponDenso vac advancer , just packaged in a Standard Ignition products box . It 's expensive , but worth it .
 I purchased the AutoXray 1500 CodeScout to read computer codes from my Volvo . It worked/works fine except for one thing . The advertising did not say -LRB- and should have said -RRB- that it does not turn off the engine maintenance reminder light . I may have looked for another code reader if I had known that .
 This product does exactly what it says it does . The only fault i find with it is that the instructions that come with it are fairly skimpy and the upgrade kit is optional at extra cost and that the user must have and use -LRB- ugh -RRB- a windows based PC to use the upgrade kit . I will have to find a friend that has a pc to use it if and when i buy the internet upgrade kit .
 A good product , let 's you know if your car will pass a state inspection emissions test so you do n't waste your time and money .
 This thing works like a charm . My $ 80 1998 Civic repair manual has all of the error codes right in the manual , so I did n't even have to hunt them down.The first time I used this , it paid for itself .
 Works as indicated . Very simple to use . Speedy shipping . Product was exactly as indicated .
 One word summarizes it all - simple . The CodeScout is an extremely well versed code scanner that provides you with written code explanation and an extra long OBD2 cable . Overall , it 's one of the best I 've used .
 If you want to save money , and know what is wrong with your car before the shop does , spend a little on this tool ! For the price of about an hour 's labor at a dealer , you can know what is wrong -LRB- why the `` check engine '' light is on -RRB- , decide if it 's an easy fix to do yourself , or if you have to have a mechanic do the work . I presumed I needed an oxygen sensor . Instead I got a completely different code from my Saab -LRB- cam position sensor -RRB- . Highly recommended for anyone who does n't enjoy blindly trusting auto shops . Not that all are dishonest , but still ... worth it to know ahead of time what your car needs .
 It worked as advertised and am very happy with it . A little disappointed that it claimes you can update the firmware on the internet but does n't mention you need to purchase a special USB cable and software -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- to make that happen . But overall happy .
 This tool is very easy to use . Plug it into the interface , start the car and press `` read '' and in seconds it returns your malfunction code . The description of the error code is displayed right on the screen saving you from having to try to find out what the code means . By fixing the car myself , I saved enough to pay for this scanner .
 Works as advertised ; nice to have explanation of codes right on the reader itself -LRB- instead of having to look them up on the ` Net -RRB- .
 Chosen for cost and features . The few times I have used it , it works fine and as advertised . I would recommend it for casual mechanics or owners who are curious about the engine codes behind the &#34; check engine &#34; light .
 Easy to use and yet very informative . Saved me many $ $ $ in diagnostic fees and provided online support information , so that I could make the repairs necessary to clear the codes . Definately recommended !
 Purchased as a back up water pump it seems to be the correct item . Purchased as back up so it has not been installed . It did take a very long time to be delivered . If you need it immediately this might not be the way to go .
 The ATD underhoist stand has been great for undercar repairs . The product comes with a rubber pad on the jacking point that can be removed if needed . The foot pedal does come in handy at times , but can also do some damage to the shin if not paying attention -LRB- not products fault -RRB- . Great product , and the price is too ... best part was the shipping with Prime -LRB- ca n't be beat -RRB- .
 I bought this for my step dad for christmas , It was recommended by my husband ! We shopped around for a cheap one being thes are so expensive and we found this one . From talking to him he uses it all the time and it looking at getting another one
 The first order was totally destroyed by the goons at UPS . -LRB- Photos on file with Curt -RRB- . It was unrepairable . Amazon was very on the ball with a RMA shipping label . The replacement came in two days . The goons bent this hitch also , but not as bad . However with a block and tackle , it was installed.Suggestion to send UPS goons to remedial reading class so they can decipher `` This end UP '' !
 Nice quality heavy duty steel , very nice finish . Fit 1994 Ford F-150 . Easier to install than I originally thought , just have a good set of drill bits , a couple of large `` C '' clamps , and a floor jack ready . Did n't even need to remove spare tire for the installation . The metal plates that hold the carrige bolts make the installation easier and allow you to tighten the nuts with a single wrench . Great idea !
 I installed the Curt 13310 on my 2000 Dodge Ram full size 1/2 ton pickup . The instructions said I might need to adjust the bumper and that I would have to drill some 1/2 '' bolt holes . I did n't need to do either . Everything fit perfectly . I installed this hitch by myself in about 20 mins . It could n't have been easier . I recommend putting thread locker on the bolts before you tighten them . The hitch looks great . The only thing visible from the back of the truck is the receiver part . And best of all , it 's made in the good old USA .
 Receiver fit my 99 Dodge Ram 1500 without any drilling . Went on without a hitch and has worked well so far . Thread locker does help on the bolts , and the washers holding the top in place is very nice for securing the receiver to the frame .
 The side rail was bent so I had to straighten it out . Otherwise , it was a perfect fit and very easy to install . It appears to be well-made , also .
 It fit my 1998 dodge ram 1500 perfectly . Had to ream a few holes out , but went on like a breeze . .
 This hitch was a joy to install . It clearsthe tire carrier hook , fits perfect , and looksgood . I highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent hitch . Box had a hole in it when I received it , but everything was intact . Not much you can say about it , other than it is heavy duty and works fine .
 I ` am 67 years old and i put this hitch on myself . It went on just like they said , and the hardware they sent made the mounting job very easy . thank you Curt manufacturing . . I would rate this hitch a 10 . .
 Fuel straps were exactly what I needed , worked great . Went on the vehicle just like the original straps that were taken off.Thanks
 I ordered the wrong size , strap and did send this product back . I did however take it out and inspected it . I learned that it is put together well and re-inforced where it is needed and is a quaulity product that would last for years .
 I ordered this item after hours of cross comparing part numbers to figure out I needed the VC301 unit . This is a 10 degree vacuum advance unit that starts to pull in advance with 7-9 '' of vacuum . Working great and solved my excessive timing and pinging issues . Happy customer !!!
 The daisy light covers went on easily with double sided tape and gave a quick and easy custom look to the tail lights .
 The Sunpro Super III Fuel Level Gauge looks and works great . It was easy to install , it only took me about 30 min to get it installed into my boat .
 The product was exactly what I needed except the fitting for the wire harness was not as pictured , which is why I bought this item . I ended up having to purchase an adapter to go from the 150 series harness to the 220 series , which is the newer 4 pin flat connector . You 're results will vary , as I was also installing an aftermarket , Racetronix , power harness to provide a constant voltage to the pump via a relay . Other than that , it came with a new o-ring , a new wiring harness , and everything worked as it should after being installed .
 Just to let you know about the Flow master muffler I selected
 Shipped in a reasonable amount of time , packaged well , very pleased with this company , would definitely do business with them again .
 I replaced my Flowmaster 40 series with the 50 series , slim . First , they look great -LRB- love that slim look -RRB- and the sound is great . Not as aggressive as the 40 series on the freeway , but just as aggressive going through the gears & much more comfortable driving on the freeway . They also sound just as nice as the 40s during idle -LRB- rumble/lope -RRB- & I did not notice any performance differences between the two .
 The first order was totally destroyed by the goons at UPS . -LRB- Photos on file with Curt -RRB- . It was unrepairable . Amazon was very on the ball with a RMA shipping label . The replacement came in two days . The goons bent this hitch also , but not as bad . However with a block and tackle , it was installed.Suggestion to send UPS goons to remedial reading class so they can decipher `` This end UP '' !
 Nice quality heavy duty steel , very nice finish . Fit 1994 Ford F-150 . Easier to install than I originally thought , just have a good set of drill bits , a couple of large `` C '' clamps , and a floor jack ready . Did n't even need to remove spare tire for the installation . The metal plates that hold the carrige bolts make the installation easier and allow you to tighten the nuts with a single wrench . Great idea !
 I installed the Curt 13310 on my 2000 Dodge Ram full size 1/2 ton pickup . The instructions said I might need to adjust the bumper and that I would have to drill some 1/2 '' bolt holes . I did n't need to do either . Everything fit perfectly . I installed this hitch by myself in about 20 mins . It could n't have been easier . I recommend putting thread locker on the bolts before you tighten them . The hitch looks great . The only thing visible from the back of the truck is the receiver part . And best of all , it 's made in the good old USA .
 Receiver fit my 99 Dodge Ram 1500 without any drilling . Went on without a hitch and has worked well so far . Thread locker does help on the bolts , and the washers holding the top in place is very nice for securing the receiver to the frame .
 The side rail was bent so I had to straighten it out . Otherwise , it was a perfect fit and very easy to install . It appears to be well-made , also .
 It fit my 1998 dodge ram 1500 perfectly . Had to ream a few holes out , but went on like a breeze . .
 This hitch was a joy to install . It clearsthe tire carrier hook , fits perfect , and looksgood . I highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent hitch . Box had a hole in it when I received it , but everything was intact . Not much you can say about it , other than it is heavy duty and works fine .
 I ` am 67 years old and i put this hitch on myself . It went on just like they said , and the hardware they sent made the mounting job very easy . thank you Curt manufacturing . . I would rate this hitch a 10 . .
 Not much one can say about rear brake pads , other than they fit perfectly . Good price , too.However , I would like to suggest that ease of changing brake pads is the world 's best kept secret ; anyone can do it . It should take about five minutes to replace once the wheel is off.Here 's the trick ; Do Not Remove the caliper bolts . Instead , look for two plastic caps which hide two pins on the inside of the caliper , and remove them with an allen wrench . The pads and metal housing can then slide straight up and out . Drop the new pads in , replace the pins and caps . If you try to remove the entire caliper , there wo n't be enough room to fit the new pads . Good luck !
 This is the best brand of colored tint for custom cars as it lasts without fading . It makes my car pop and I say screw the laws this tint is barely too dark for my side windows but I 've had it on for a couple years now with no problems
 Probably the best money you can spend on your vehicle . Makes a huge difference .
 The first order was totally destroyed by the goons at UPS . -LRB- Photos on file with Curt -RRB- . It was unrepairable . Amazon was very on the ball with a RMA shipping label . The replacement came in two days . The goons bent this hitch also , but not as bad . However with a block and tackle , it was installed.Suggestion to send UPS goons to remedial reading class so they can decipher `` This end UP '' !
 Nice quality heavy duty steel , very nice finish . Fit 1994 Ford F-150 . Easier to install than I originally thought , just have a good set of drill bits , a couple of large `` C '' clamps , and a floor jack ready . Did n't even need to remove spare tire for the installation . The metal plates that hold the carrige bolts make the installation easier and allow you to tighten the nuts with a single wrench . Great idea !
 I installed the Curt 13310 on my 2000 Dodge Ram full size 1/2 ton pickup . The instructions said I might need to adjust the bumper and that I would have to drill some 1/2 '' bolt holes . I did n't need to do either . Everything fit perfectly . I installed this hitch by myself in about 20 mins . It could n't have been easier . I recommend putting thread locker on the bolts before you tighten them . The hitch looks great . The only thing visible from the back of the truck is the receiver part . And best of all , it 's made in the good old USA .
 Receiver fit my 99 Dodge Ram 1500 without any drilling . Went on without a hitch and has worked well so far . Thread locker does help on the bolts , and the washers holding the top in place is very nice for securing the receiver to the frame .
 The side rail was bent so I had to straighten it out . Otherwise , it was a perfect fit and very easy to install . It appears to be well-made , also .
 It fit my 1998 dodge ram 1500 perfectly . Had to ream a few holes out , but went on like a breeze . .
 This hitch was a joy to install . It clearsthe tire carrier hook , fits perfect , and looksgood . I highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent hitch . Box had a hole in it when I received it , but everything was intact . Not much you can say about it , other than it is heavy duty and works fine .
 I ` am 67 years old and i put this hitch on myself . It went on just like they said , and the hardware they sent made the mounting job very easy . thank you Curt manufacturing . . I would rate this hitch a 10 . .
 From a quality perspective you just ca n't beat Timken , spend a few more dollars and get quality bearings you will be glad you did .
 Had a front suspension rattle issue when going over bumps . The dealer tried to convince me to replace all 4 struts for $ 1000 + , but after doing a little research -LRB- thank you google -RRB- , I managed to find out that the problem was a broken swaybar link.This is a high quality part , much better than the shoddy original links , which had PLASTIC ball joint housings and were ungreasable -LRB- I guess they are supposed to be `` greased for life '' , but the catch is that they have pretty short ones -RRB- . The MOOG links were much sturdier and better made with zerk fittings that allow the ball joints to be greased . The originals looked like toy versions compared to these . Replacing the links completely fixed the rattling , and I spent about $ 100 for parts and tools -LRB- I 'd recommend that you buy a grease gun if you do n't have one -RRB- . Not too bad considering the original quote I was given.A note that the K7431 is for the front passenger side . Its sister part is model K7430 -LRB- front driver side -RRB- .
 The Specialty Performance Drilled and Slotted brake rotors are the perfect choice for high-performance braking on your street machine or heavy hauler -- or if you want to know for sure that your family is safe under even the worst of driving conditions !! Workmanship is excellent , and close-tolerance machining is evident throughout , with specially-chamfered vent holes and ample slots to keep those brakes from fading , regardless of the heat and/or wet conditions.The FRONT Rotors weigh 18.8 lbs -LRB- ready to install -RRB- , and are 2.2 lbs . -LRB- 1 Kilogram -RRB- heavier than the stock rotors . The additional mass will help avoid warping , but there 's a liability that comes with the extra weight of the rotor -- added unsprung weight . It 's a VERY small drawback , and it would be difficult for even a highly-skilled driver to notice the weight difference.I opted for the increased stopping power and the fade-proofing over the slight weight increase.These rotors are an EXCELLENT choice for trailer-towing , hi-performance street use , wet-weather performance , and also for spirited mountain driving . And they LOOK GOOD , too !! These rotors are directional , and must be mounted on the proper side of the vehicle . Rotors are marked `` L '' and `` R '' at the factory.This rotor - AC Delco -LRB- 18A1038 -RRB- fits the LEFT Front . AC Delco -LRB- 18A1039 -RRB- fits the RIGHT Front.Amazon 's low price and free delivery make this choice an instant no-brainer . Get these rotors and STOP fooling around !! ; > -RRB-
 I bought these for the front of my Grand Marquis . I was going to buy the similar product by Raybestos as I bought Raybestos ceramic pads , but they were not in stock and I needed to get the job done . These are well machined and combined with the Raybestos pads have really improved my confidence in the cars braking ability .
 This stuff is absolutely essential to correctly install the window film if you do n't want bubbles , wrinkles and rips to happen . You will use more than you think you need to . I soaked both sides of the film until it was dripping all over the place , but that 's what allowed me to really get the film smoothed out . I also used a large plastic clipboard as a squeegee , which helped as well .
 Our mechanic discovered that we did n't need this part and the return was problem-free . Would definitely use tis business again .
 This thing was great fun . my son recieved a medal for his first place award at his science fair . the instructions were a little hard to get through as in some cases what you were looking at was not exactly as it is described . but aside from that this was a lot of fun . this one is definately strong enough to stand your hair on end , it did mine and i have mid back length hair . yes it will shock you , my kids were enjoying tormenting one another but it is similar to a hard carpet shock .
 Got several of these for stocking stuffers for my brothers and they love them ! Four brothers , four different car styles but fits in all the cup holders .
 I have two Hondas with their original OEM batteries and I was getting concerned about the batteries ' health . It 's a pain to get two cars down to the auto parts store for testing -LRB- by folks who may not be neutral about the results -RRB- so I invested in a Actron CP7612 tester . It 's simple to use to test a vehicle 's battery and charging system.As other reviewers have noted , the tester can get very hot if the spring-loaded test switch is held in the `` on '' position for too long but my unit only got warm during the 10-15 second test specified in the instructions . The product is robust enough for the DIYer , with heavy connecting cables and an acceptably rigid sheet metal enclosure for the test element -LRB- heating coil -RRB- and meter .
 I bought this today at a local auto supply house at a cost of $ 60.00 plus $ 3.00 state sales tax . Obviously Amazons ' price is much better , but I wanted it NOW to test a battery that had been drawn down to 2 volts . I had charged the battery and brought in back to a steady 12.75 which is where it should be , but I wanted to determine if it would hold a charge . The Actron took just 10 seconds to verify I should be able to trust the battery OK . And not have to buy a new one . So in the end , it saved me $ 52.00 , as the new battery costs $ 115.00 . expensive I know , it is a Harley Davidson motorcycle battery .
 The Actron CP7612 battery load tester works well and gives reliable info regarding battery performance . The only caveat is to remember the unit gets quite hot and following the instructions specifically in terms of how long to leave the unit `` on '' is important to avoid overheating .
 Simple review . The unit comes nicely packaged . Construction of the unit is good Chinese :-RRB- theirs better . Heavy Gauge copper wires and good quality cable ends.Works as advertise 100 AMP / 15 sec/test reveals state of battery - meter show results - under load giving a much better `` look '' into the battery chemical conditionthan just using a multimeter.Almost all new batteries are sealed types AGM/WET/GEL so you cant open caps to read the specific gravity level any longer in general.Here 's where these load testers shine.I would recommend for the home/OCD/mechanics out their .
 Does what it 's supposed to do , however , it does not place a 100A load on a battery as the specs suggest -- I tested around 45-50A . Great for warming up your hands on a cold day too ! Just do n't hold the switch for longer than 15 seconds or the element will get WHITE HOT !
 Newly charged batteries need a load to reduce the surface charge and give a true battery health reading . This tester works great as advertised
 I was using tester like this -LRB- maybe exact the same tester -RRB- for years . It proved to be reliable , simple and effective in troubleshooting battery 's problem . I bought this one for personal use , and this one saved me a lot of time and money already .
 Great price , works well ! Not sure how it would hold up to commercial use , but works great for DIY & part-timer .
 Product works as advertised . It definitely puts a load on the battery and prevents trips to local shops that will sometimes load test for free . I have a couple of batteries now that were claimed to be bad . So I bought a charger from SAMS which reconditions batteries . Following the reconditioning charge I used the load tester and verified the once doomed battery has been brought back to a serviceable life . Between the charger and load tester I may never have to buy another car battery .
 I purchased the Actron CP7612 after buying a BLS 12/24B battery desulphator . The Actron is one beefy instrument , substantially bigger and heavier than what I imagined . The terminal clips in the picture are not the little mini clips but full sized clips like you 'd find on a set of jumper cables . Same heavy gauge lead wire too.I had a garage corner with 7 `` dead '' car , motorcycle , and lawnmower batteries that I suspected were not shorted , just sulphated . After using the BLS desulphator as directed in the manual , the Actron battery tester confirmed to me that the BLS 12/24B had completely desulphated an apparently `` dead '' $ 200 Optima Red Top battery , bringing it back to perfectly usable condition . The cost of the Actron and the BLS together were less than the cost of the Optima Red Top alone . I now intend to recover all of the dead batteries and confirm their restoration with the Actron battery tester .
 This product filled a need I have had for some time and it was very affordable . It does just what I wanted .
 Works great as expected . I found two bad batteries on my golf cart immediately . It is a straight forward kind of product not much to say about it other than it works fine . Amazon requires 20 words in this review , give me a break . Shipping was ok as expected . The product was not damaged . It is just a load tester , you connect it to the battery , flip the switch for a few seconds and then you read the dial , good or bad . There is your 20 words Amazon ! Not all reviews require a novel just a few simple words can describe this product . A battery load tester is simple a 100 + ohm resistive load , with a volt meter in the case and a couple of connecting leads . Just find the cheapest one you can with the load level you need . Will I leave another review `` if '' I buy from Amazon again ? Depends on whether or not I am forced to write more than I have time to write or want to write . I can leave long winded master electrical descriptions that would n't help anyone . Next time let me be the judge of my own comments . I can assure you that most anyone looking to buy a battery load tester would find this is almost as boring as describe the value of the paper clips I bought for my office ! If you need a lengthy product review you probably do n't need to buy a load tester for yourself just go by Auto Zone and they will test your battery for free . Or if you need other electrical work done see your nearest liscensed electrician for your own safety .
 Good Price , works well . Good for home use , construction little cheap we will see if it lasts .
 Great tool at a good price . I find myself using this -LRB- or lending it to friends -RRB- often . Does exactly what it 's supposed to do .
 Have n't had a chance to use it yet . Its pretty much an overkill for what i wanted it for . Seems very well made .
 I have a solar system at my ranch property and making sure none of the batteries are dead is important . This product makes it quick and easy to do so . Also , it is made of metal , so if you drop it the unit is less likely to break . Great buy !
 great price , easy to use , portable and fast shippingwould recomend to anyone looking for an all aroundgreat product and simple to use
 I purchased this after buying and returning two of the `` stick in your cigarette lighter outlet '' type battery testers . I found their readings all over the place . I was even getting low charge readings on a brand new battery.I have also purchased a Battery Tender and wanted further confirmation of the charge status of the batteries after treating them with the Tender . The Acton works great . Hook it up to the battery terminals , flick the load switch to on for 10 seconds , and voila
 JUST AS DESCRIBED - THE FIRST ONE WAS DEFECTIVE BUT A NEW ONE WAS SENT - AOK . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR . THIS WILL DO FOR NOW .
 This unit works well and is solidly built . The meter is well labeled to show the state of the battery or charging system . The clips are heavy duty . The only very minor problem I have is with the manual . It fails to state that the meter will indicate battery voltage when it is first connected -LRB- this is a good thing -RRB- . At first , I thought it might be a problem with the unit . The resistor coil gets very hot very fast when the load switch is thrown . Get ready for that , as it is normal . Only hold the switch for the very minimum amount of time needed to read the meter -LRB- less than 10 seconds . -RRB- Highly recommended .
 I purchased this load tester a month or so ago to test the batteries in my boat . It works fine . I have had friends that run service stations and they use the same product , but paid way more than I did . I would reccomend this to anyone wanting a reliable tester .
 I OWN A CONVENIENCE STORE . THIS BATTERY TESTER WORKS VERY WELL FOR US . UNIT IS WELL BUILT . IT 'S NOT A THROW AWAY TOY . GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEYTHANK YOU SALMON RIVER QUICK IN SALMON IDAHO .
 This item was purchased for a business purpose to act as a training stand for high Hp diesel engine training . We required a high weight capacity engine stand that would allow 360 degree rotation . This item does exactly what we require . The pricing was very good , delivery was as promised and the item arrived in excellent condition and as advertised . I would recommend this item to anyone .
 This works fine but I had to modify it for my Protege5 by adding a steel pipe extension so that it could fit down into my spark plug port . The extension I added was about 6 inches .
 The first order was totally destroyed by the goons at UPS . -LRB- Photos on file with Curt -RRB- . It was unrepairable . Amazon was very on the ball with a RMA shipping label . The replacement came in two days . The goons bent this hitch also , but not as bad . However with a block and tackle , it was installed.Suggestion to send UPS goons to remedial reading class so they can decipher `` This end UP '' !
 Nice quality heavy duty steel , very nice finish . Fit 1994 Ford F-150 . Easier to install than I originally thought , just have a good set of drill bits , a couple of large `` C '' clamps , and a floor jack ready . Did n't even need to remove spare tire for the installation . The metal plates that hold the carrige bolts make the installation easier and allow you to tighten the nuts with a single wrench . Great idea !
 I installed the Curt 13310 on my 2000 Dodge Ram full size 1/2 ton pickup . The instructions said I might need to adjust the bumper and that I would have to drill some 1/2 '' bolt holes . I did n't need to do either . Everything fit perfectly . I installed this hitch by myself in about 20 mins . It could n't have been easier . I recommend putting thread locker on the bolts before you tighten them . The hitch looks great . The only thing visible from the back of the truck is the receiver part . And best of all , it 's made in the good old USA .
 Receiver fit my 99 Dodge Ram 1500 without any drilling . Went on without a hitch and has worked well so far . Thread locker does help on the bolts , and the washers holding the top in place is very nice for securing the receiver to the frame .
 The side rail was bent so I had to straighten it out . Otherwise , it was a perfect fit and very easy to install . It appears to be well-made , also .
 It fit my 1998 dodge ram 1500 perfectly . Had to ream a few holes out , but went on like a breeze . .
 This hitch was a joy to install . It clearsthe tire carrier hook , fits perfect , and looksgood . I highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent hitch . Box had a hole in it when I received it , but everything was intact . Not much you can say about it , other than it is heavy duty and works fine .
 I ` am 67 years old and i put this hitch on myself . It went on just like they said , and the hardware they sent made the mounting job very easy . thank you Curt manufacturing . . I would rate this hitch a 10 . .
 I bought this product to buff out some Corian counter tops . I was suprised how well it worked . I first buffed out the scratches with Scratch Out then polished them with some counter top polish . It made my Corian counter look like new .
 I am very satisfied with the price , quality , and service ! I will buy from this vendor again !
 Lets be honest , if you are looking at this product you are either a teacher that would like to use it in your class or you are a person that likes electricity . No matter what you probably only care about one thing , the shock factor . This Van DeGraaf delivers with its promise . On a good dry day I can get bolts that range up to three inches . On a humid day however you will be lucky to get a tingle . All in all it is a great product that can entertain a group of people for hours . If you are worried about the safety issue , let me put your mind at ease . You can not receive any permanent damage from this product . This is a safe , fun way to experiment with the properties of static electricity .
 This is a high quality , well made and powerful Van deGraaf generator that will produce a lightning spark about 4 '' for great school demonstations regarding static discharge or just for pure , fascinating fun . I suggest purchasing the optional discharge globe for spectacular effects instead of a wand or such ; seeing that if you forget to properly ground yourself you 're in for a pretty painful reality check .
 Another nice educational tool for kids and adults . I love to show the kids that I can light up florescent bulbs while holding them in my hand . This Van deGraaf Generator -LRB- static generator -RRB- works great . I like to experiment with static and teach the kids about it . Nice product .
 Mother Nature has been one scary momma lately . You can barely swing a dead meteorologist without hitting some sort of earthquake , twister , tsunami , flood or typhoon on the map . What 's next , hailstones the size of Kardashian implants ? Krakatoa ripping us all a new volcanic lava-hole ? Plagues of locusts and killer bees and whatever species the Philly Phanatic belongs to?I decided to prepare myself for the next natural disaster by making sure I 'll always have access to the four basic necessities
 This has been a real back , butt , and knee saver in the shop . After 3 months it is still very sturdy , glides easily , and the seat adjusts without a hitch . If you need a shop stool buy this one .
 This stool was purchased as a replacement for another Big Red . The original stool that was being replaced had a round , ` pillowy ' seat and a round base . I had a hard time finding an exact replacement when I came across this one on Amazon , which looks exactly like the previous one . However , once delivered , it was discovered that the new model does not look like the previous model -LRB- as pictured -RRB- and has a flatter seat and square base . This product would have scored 5 stars except it does not look like the picture and the buyer needs to be aware . The stool is still a fine product , but you 're not getting exactly what you paid for . Other than that , the seat is supportive and has plenty of cushion . The stool will find plenty of use in the garage and should last for years like the one it replaced . You can find these for half the price at other establishments , but after looking at these in person , I quickly realized that you are giving up quality to go with a ` no name ' brand . Stick with Torin and you wo n't go wrong .
 This is a great shop stool , particularly considering how inexpensive it is . Simple to put together and sturdy enough for a 220 lb . guy . I like the tray underneath where I though my wrench and screw driver while I 'm working .
 Great 4 '' in/out Flowmaster muffler for the $ $ ! I am using this on my Cummins Diesel with a 4 '' exhaust system !
 I purchased a set of these for my mustang and damn !!!!!!!!!!! do they sound good . Now , i do have a cam , shorty headers , x-pipe incorperated with my 306 but I do believe that these would sound great ony a stock vechile as well . I swapped my super 44 's for these and it is quietier inside the car which is nice and better sounding outside . Personally , my rpm 's have dropped about 200 at cruising speed which was a nice suprise , and i assume that is because there is less resistance because of the one vs two chamber setup i had before . anywho , I like , maybe you will . P.S. I do n't have dumps , straight out the rear , or could be real loud !!!!
 I put this on my 2500 hemi and it sounds very good . Not to loud but a good rumble and tone . No drone at highway speeds which is important .
 I put this on a 2005 Dodge Ram 1500 4x4 , dumped right after the muffler . Sounds nice , not really loud - small gains in low end torque , bout the same MPG 's .
 I bought this for my 08 RAM 1500 and installed it then removed the resonator to add just a little more sound to it . Sounds great now .
 We purchased a Henry Milker to relieve excess pressure in a goat 's udder after she had her kids.The Actron hand pump replaced the plastic MightyVac pump shipped with the milker when its handle broke after 4 months milking 2 does.This hand vacuum pump is robust , effective and well worth the couple extra dollars to the frugal goat person .
 After struggling with a plastic vacuum pump that could not be disassembled for servicing , I bought this Actron metal cylinder pump . I 've only had it a short time , but so far it works very nicely.Rebuild kits are available from the Actron company website . This Actron pump appears to be a well designed and well built tool , and I anticipate good service from it . It will pull 27 inches of Hg vacuum . Oddly enough , however , there was no literature , instructions , or recommendations shipped with the pump -LRB- not a word -RRB- , so I had to search online for rebuild information . The price from Amazon.com was the best I found by far .
 Very well put together kit . Comes with just about anything you need , already packaged , for testing a multitude of vacuum operated devices . Feels like high quality , and is serviceable . Not a throw away piece of garbage .
 This pump works perfectly and reliably when used as it was intended ... for bleeding brakes . Every bad review for this product involved vacuum sealing mason jars ; NOT its intended purpose . Bleeding brake lines rarely requires more than 10 '' hg of vacuum and the instructions explicitly warn against pulling and maintaining a vacuum over 20 '' hg . Almost every sealing operation exceeds this . Before you give a product a poor review , perhaps try using it the way it was intended and see how it performs at that ; and as well , maybe learn to first read the instructions and cautions thoroughly .
 I ordered this to draw brake fluid from wheel cylinders into a jar . I had drilledholes in the jar lid and installed rubber grommets through which I passed flexibletubes . My master cylinder has a screen and valve assembly under the filler cap.So , instead of trying to remove the assembly , I pumped all of the fluid out throughthe wheel cylinders , refilled the master reservoir and used the pump to flush outas much of the old fluid as possible , while repeatedly topping off the reservoir .
 Works well with the jar sealer lids also advertised here . I take the seal down to 20 which is equivalent to the Food Saver , but it 's tiring on your hands . I can only do two jars at a time , and that 's with using both hands so you need to plan ahead and space out the jars . If you have a large quantity to seal , you might want to consider an electric pump and keep this as a backup .
 It is well made , and pulled and held 25 inches of vacuum , though it took lots of pumping , and with a few drops of oil it pulled 27 inches , but that really wore me out , overall it is well worth the money , it 's almost all solid steel/brass and quite well made , perfect for degassing silicone and various science experiments . Also 25 in/hg of vacuum is roughly equal to 60,000 feet altitude , so it is capable of making marshmallows grow , or for vacuum canning dry goods , also comes
 Bought this as a replacement for a plastic pump I owned for years . It is great ! works well , solid construction , excellent performance . I gave it a 4 star rating as I found the extras included with the pump are pretty useless to me , others might find them helpful .
 I have no idea how this works in an automotive situation . I bought this pump because there was a video on YouTube about converting one of these into a jar sealer for long-term food storage . As some may know , most Foodsavers have a port on them where , instead of vacuum sealing their proprietary bags , one can use an accessory to suck the air out of standard canning jars/lids , thereby enabling long-term storage of such things as rice and beans . However , what to do if the Foodsaver is n't available , or breaks , or there 's no electricity ? This pump is the perfect solution.There is one difference between this pump and the identical pump on YouTube
 it works but i bought the wrong one i wanted the one with the cup for brake bleeding and well didnt get it this is kinda useless id say without the cup so make sure you look at what your buying
 An excellent product quality and efficiency . Amazon.com has the lowest price on this product . Strongly recommended , if you want to buy this product .
 Although this vacuum pump is ideal , the price should be as low as $ 19.11 ... Items such as these are valuable in the Blue collar world.The ONLY people keepingour heads above the B.S.
 these kinda things always work good the first or second time you try them , well usually anyway . the true test is next year when i need it and drag it out of the bottom drawer of my tool box , will it still work then ??? guess we 'll have to wait and see.i had bought the white plastic one -LRB- forgot brand name on it , but it 's all white and all plastic -RRB- a couple of years ago . got 2 uses out of it , and you guessed it , pulled it out to use it and no go . hence the reason i had to buy this one
 Good product , great service , the pump is doing its job , very good packaging , simple to use , good accessories was included .
 I use this to vacuum ball jars of dry goods for storage . Buy in bulk and save , you know . Well , it works very well . I agree that the little clip that holds the piston and handle together is very flimsy . But it has n't come off with mine yet . So I 'm pretty happy so far .
 I used it to diagnose a car engine problem , low vacuums between 5-10 lb . It worked just fine and the included adapter gadgets came in handy . I was n't expecting a show-class look and feel but was happy with the mechanical simplicity and build quality . Based on other reviews , I wo n't use it in applications requiring higher than mid-scale vacuums , so hopefully it 'll last a long time . Kudos as usual to the Amazon order fulfillment crew . The pump arrived when promised .
 We bought an udderlyez milker based upon all the good reviews we read . Unfortunately , the pump handle broke after only two weeks of use and a replacement pump cost $ 99 . Since I was unwilling to pay $ 99 for a plastic pump I looked for an alternative and found this automotive hand vacuum pump for $ 35 -LRB- a reviewer said it worked great with the Henry Milker so we tried it -RRB- . It worked perfectly with the udderlyez milker . Thanks to the Amazon reviewer who wrote about it working for milking !!
 This is a very good way to pump down the food saver masson jar sealer . Its really use for work on cars but new you can use it for the food saver jar sealer vacume pump . Works great
 Works as it should . It is lighter than expected and I was surprised that the chamber does not get hot when pulling suction . It is a small chamber so it does n't evacuate much air on a single stroke but otherwise it works really well .
 Solid design , works great , and so much cheaper than any others I have seen ! Great purchase . I have used this in replace of a product i bought earlier , this one blows it out of the water
 This item was purchased to be used along with vacuum tops for ball jars to remove air keeping items fresher for longer periods . Such as , open a box of cereal and put the remaining cereal in the jars with the air removed ... Have n't tried it yet , but looks like it 's a winner for me .
 We 've been using this in conjunction with the wide mouth mason jar food saver attachment to seal raw milk and other foods for the past few months . Compared with using an electric food saver , it 's nearly silent and almost as fast - plus you do n't need electricity . While the grip could be made more comfortable to use , overall we 're very pleased and highly recommend it .
 The Actron CP7830 Hand Vacuum Pump is surprisingly well made -LRB- all major parts are metal -RRB- and is able to pull a very strong vacuum . The include plastic tubing and fittings are good quality and useful to have.We use this vacuum pump in conjunction with a Magdeburg Hemisphere to demonstrate to students the power of air pressure . This is a very powerful combination to teach physics.Highly Recommended!CFH
 I work in a lab and find myself having to be resourceful quite often . I found this item on Amazon for a much lower price than I could have purchased it locally . Any equipment that is purchased from a lab supply company is always pricey , so when I can improvise with an ordinary tool that will get the job done it makes me happy and my supervisor.Actron CP7830 Hand Vacuum Pump
 thanks very much for a great strong vacuum pump have used it and works fantastic , very happy ... john from adelaide
 Wow !! I was so surprised to find exactly what I was looking for , with a few key strokes , at Amazon.com and for a GREAT price . The Actron hand vacuum pump was needed as a replacement for one that was accidentally dropped and broken . My husband uses the Actron hand pump on a daily basis ; therefore I was anxious to find a new one . This is an excellent piece of equipment and you wo n't be sorry you bought it if it 's what you are looking for . Being a busy homemaker I do n't have a lot of free time to search for things on the internet and when I can find them lightening fast , well , I 'm thrilled . Thanks Amazon for always being there ... a loyal customer .
 This is a high quality hand operated vacuum pump at half the price of a local auto parts store . Great product , great service , great price .
 I 've used a couple of plastic pump type vac pumps at the same price as this and this is much sturdier . I do n't worry about the actron breaking when I put it in my toolbox . Also , being able to get rebuild parts easily makes this the last pump I 'll have to buy .
 Combine the Actron CP7830 Hand Vacuum Pump , Tilia FoodSaver Accessory Hose , and the FoodSaver Regular-Mouth Jar Sealer & Wide-Mouth Jar Sealer canning jar adapters , this is what I use to vacuum all the air from jars I 've filled with fruits , veggies , venison jerky , grains , flour , rice , everything you want to keep fresh & dry in a canning jar ! About 20psi should do it .
 Okay , be forewarned , I DO NOT use the product as intended . When my overpriced vacuum sealer stopped vaccuming , I bought this to seal lids on mason jars . I just connected the pump to the tube and attachment for mason jar lids , and started pumping . It works GREAT , and for a fraction of the price of replacing the vacuum sealer .
 Received promptly works good Vacumn release button slightly hard to use , so made a cover for it so easier to release preasure .
 The Actron CP7830 is a must have tool for the home canner and mechanic . It serves two functions . The first , when used with a Food Saver Jar Sealer allows dried foods to be vacuum sealed in a Mason type jar . Thus preventing infestation of unwanted life forms . The second function was to use it to locate a pesky vacuum leak in my '93 Ford Ranger . It paid for it 's self , in a few minutes . I store it in a Zip-Loc freezer bag to keep it clean ! Jerry Thompson , Lake Butler , Fl
 A must have item for any hobbyist auto project . Well made , and a welcome addition to my tool chest .
 I 'm glad I decided on the all metal Actron vacuum pump . This is a quality tool and much superior to the plastic pumps of this type . I 'm sure it will provide years of useful service . The price on Amazon was better than some other sources I found . Buy it you will be pleased .
 It came promptly . It is made to last - Not plastic ! We are using it with an adapter to vacuum pack dry products such as beans , nuts , and grains in mason jars . It also builds your muscles .
 Very well made . Professional quality . Allows you to check vacuum on a running engine as well as check for leaks whether running or not .
 It 's a tool and it does it 's job just like you would expect . Pulls a good vaccume and holds just as you would expect .
 To protect the guage the pump will pump 25 inches of mercury . The guage itself can measure up to 30 inches of mercury . I thought that was a nice touch . Solid feel to the tool .
 top quality product , works well , does n't seem to be a cheap item.im very happy with this purchase.would buy again .
 These gorgeous looking exhaust tips with their mirror finish definitely made a difference to the rear appearance of my Lexus IS . 4 '' tips do look a lot different than the stock 2 '' ones that came on the car.Highly recommended for people wanting that sporty exhaust look without wanting to get whole new exhausts !
 Tip looks good ! Not to big and not to small . Good size on my Chevy Cobalt Coupe ! Overall good product Magnaflow !
 Great quality chrome tips . These are rolled stainless steel which gives them a very high quality look . Some of the best tips I 've put on a vehicle . Installed these on a 2012 Jeep Wrangler JK . Do n't know if they added any note to the exhaust but they look mean !
 Got exactly what I was expecting in this product . Quick and useful , I recommend to anyone looking to add these tips .
 These exhaust tips added a clean , sharp look . The Polished Stainless steel looks great , which will also last and look good for a long time .
 This Exhaust tip is a very nice piece of stainless . The finish is great and it welded right on with no problems .
 This product work 's great to set the Lash on your valves . I would highly recommend to anyone that needs to turn the motor over w/o turning the key !
 I was always relying on someone to help me crank my motor to reset my timing on my classic car , this easy to use product makes it a one man operation , one of the best tools I have bought .
 Longer wires are always nice , but you can extend them . This is a convenient tool .
 it is easy to use and is great if you are working on a car alone and need to crank the engine and see what happens . Perfect if you need to check spark .
 It is being used as a starters switch at an IHRA Deag Strip.Removed the cable.Installed a Tower Ready LED in the head.Adapted it to the starters cable in my Track Computer system.It has survived 2 years of being dropped , walked on , direct sun light , blistering hot days , freezing nights and even rain days on the starting line .
 I purchased this as a group purchase for a great price along with the CP7853 Remote Starter and the Equus 3551 Xenon Inductive Timing Light.All items shipped together and all were carefully packaged and brand new . All items worked great and for the cost they where a great investment for the toolbox .
 Decent quality for the price . The cable length is sufficient for me to work on an old VW Beetle while starting the engine with the trunk open .
 This item works great if you are testing for spark , or even trying to diagnose a no start or other issues .
 Works good on my 56 chevy bel air when you have trouble starting engine when alone ... you can control the ignition switch from under the hood compartment ...
 This item is made of quality materials . It will make a great gift this season for the auto tinkerers in the family
 I use this to start my car everyday ! Perfect ! Long enough to run through the firewall & use while seated !!
 i bought this to do compression tests and finding TDC and it works great no more 2 people or 1 person running back and forth its great you dont know you need it until you buy it
 We have used this remote starter for 13 years in the most unconventional manner . It is used daily not for starting cars but for starting horse races , dog races , quarter horse time trials and official timing of racing events . This trigger has far surpassed what we expected for the product and performs great with no failures . The grip is comfortable and easy to mount on walls with velcro . You ca n't go wrong with this unit.Ford CookOperations American Teletimer Corp
 I have not tried the remote starter yet , but it feels like a really solid piece of equipment . Sometimes I 'm dubious of products made in China -LRB- what can you buy that is ` nt made in China -RRB- but I was pleased that it had such a solid feel . The aligator clips have strong springs , the trigger seems to pull smooth and also has a strong spring , and the body seems almost to be made of bakelite -LRB- tough resin -RRB- . The included instructions gave good examples on how to hook the starter up to different makes of cars , which was a big relief . THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE INSIDE THE PAPER INSERT IN THE BLISTER PACK , DO NOT THROW THE PACKAGING AWAY ! If you throw the packaging away with the paper insert , then you can only guess how to hook it up to your vehicles wiring , unless you already know . Still , you may have different cars/trucks you want to work on so , in that case you will be screwed .
 The modern fuel injection systems are great ! Untill something goes wrong . Then you find out that the problem can be caused by any of the many parts involved . In my case , bad start caused by
 This is a good guage for the home mechanic . Kit has adapters for just about any vehicle out , you can even splice into a rubber fuel line if the fuel rail adapter you need is n't in the kit . My particular vehicle is a Lexus RX300 which is basically a V6 toyota with Lexus decals , this kit came with the proper banjo bolt adapter and sealing washers for me to do the pressure test . The guage is encased in rubber so you can lay it face down on the windshield and check the pressures from inside the vehicle without it sliding down the windshield . The guage also has a pressure relief button which is nice to have when your done with your testing . Two things I would want you to do before using the guage for the first time . 1 remove the black test line atached to the guage and wrap the threads in teflon tape . It 's worth 25 seconds of your time to prevent a leak . 2 At the other end of the same black line is a brass fitting , look inside it and you will see a rubber o-ring give it a shot of WD-40 . It 's worth another 5 seconds of your time . The extra 30 seconds of prep Gave me a leak free test first use . Happy testing .
 The first one I bought started leaking raw gasoline from the gauge while I was testing the pressure on a running car ! Very scary . My son was just coming out into the garage and I yelled to get back in the house while I ran to turn off the engine . Luckily , nothing happened but it could have been a disaster . It may have been a rare manufacturing defect but who knows how good the quality on these things really is ? I ended up getting a replacement for free and that one has been just fine . No problems . However , the first experience still haunts me . So when you first use one of these things , have someone in the car ready to kill the engine and keep a very close eye on the tester for at elast the first 10 mins of use .
 Got the job done for me . Confirmed I was leaking fuel pressure after shutting off the engine -LRB- causing hard starting -RRB- and allowed me to determine where it was going , which turned out to be the last place I would have expected . It cost half what the dealer 's diagnosis did , who mis-diagnosed the problem . Did not have the problem of leakage around the pressure release button that another reviewer mentioned . However , if you use the T hose adapter I 'd recommend putting a wrench on the fitting to make sure the two brass parts are tightly screwed together before using it . I had a bit of a leak from there that disappeared once I cranked up the tightness a turn or so . If you use the T fitting take a look at it and you 'll understand what I 'm talking about .
 The item , despite being called a Proffesional fuel pressure tester is not so in my mind . While its construction is fine for the occasional user , the person troubleshooting their own car or motorcycle , or even light duty commercial use -LRB- like a small shop using it once every few weeks -RRB- it is not built to take the hard life of a busy commercial shop.Having said that , for the price it is really one great setup . It comes with all the connectors hoses fittings etc one could reasonable need , seems pretty damn accurate , certainly passes the repeatability test , and just does the job.The only shortcoming i had with the unit is the hose clamps that come with it are total -LSB- ... -RSB- . since every car built in the last ten years or more uses high pressure fuel injection systems , a crappy clamp poses a serious fire risk if it allows fuel to be sprayed at as much as 80 PSI.many users wont even need to use the hoses and clamps , but for those that do , just be sure to spend a few extra dollars on some good quality hose clamps.by the way , as best as i can tell this is the same exact unit Bavarian autosport -LRB- premier BMW on line parts retailer -RRB- sells for 90 bucks .
 This one has the banjo bolt for foreign cars such as my car , a Honda civic.Previous trail says the manual is a little skimpy , so the following is a great site for diagnoses . -LSB- ... -RSB- A must have for fuel diagnostics .
 Good quality . Worked well for me . Used to test fuel pressure on GM Suburban with TBI . GM adapter with Schrader valve fit properly .
 Kit can read many car types but we had trouble reading a Ford . With the hose fitting put on hand tight the gauge did not read . Had to back it off until it leaked then tighten only until leak stopped . Looks like the hose trip pin is too long and shuts off the adapter check valve . Still the best kit for the money .
 Worked just fine for me . I was able to find problem which I was fighting with for a while.I 've not used all adapters , but this kit has an adapter for Toyota Camry 1999 4 cylinder . No leaks , no problems .
 This is a great product and it can be used on any vehicle.For some reason , Toyota decided to opt out of Schrader valves for testing fuel pressure.I have a 98 Lexus ES300 , so I used to the T-type adapter by hooking up the gauge in-line with the system.You can also get creative and block off one of the ends to test only up to a certain point , in case you want to pinpoint the problem.Overall , this is a great kit , I just wish Toyotas were a bit more user friendly for this type of work .
 I was pleasantly surprised with the product it does have a plastic lens but so does my blue point radiator pressure tester just do n't drop on face . came with nice pouch for storage and all the needed fittings for most makes . The pressure relief hose is very long and when used for the first time was accurate enough to diagnose faulty fuel pump .
 The most important diagnostics tools in my box . Adapters that fit all different types of vehicles are included . A must have for any professional or serious mechanic .
 The Actron fuel pressure tester is a great device . Worked great to check fuel pressure at the rail . Hookedup fine with no leaks . Great for making sure your fuel pump and regulator are within specs . I recommend it forany DIY home mechanic .
 This tester was easy to use and worked as expected . It 's solid for the price and comes with a bunch of adapters and a case to store everything . I wanted something quality that did n't cost a lot since I 'll only use it every now and then . Banjo bolt adapter fit great on my Honda . Definitely recommend this for any shade tree mechanic .
 I purchased the Actron CP7838 to periodically test the high fuel pressure on my 97 and 06 chevy pickups . So far the tester works great . Hopefully the tester will give me heads up when it is time to drop the fuel tanks and replace the fuel pumps so I will not be left stranded someplace I do not want to be ! Wish there were more testers for the overcomplicated junk .
 everything you need to troubleshoot fuel injection pressure issues . Well built with all the adapters you will need . Comes with a good set of instructions to help you analze the results
 Works good , it is cheaply made but as long as it 's accurate I 'm ok with that.Since I 'm not a big shop and will only use this a few times a year I do n't need the best.Also comes with lots of fitting/adapters that I have n't used yet .
 works great wide variety of fittings comes with different size hoses and clamps could use adapter for 2000 cavalier but overall works great
 This fuel pressure tester helped my diagnose a potential problem with a Jeep Cherokee fuel pump . Found no problems with the help of this tester .
 Based on two uses , works well on the '99 Suburban I was testing . I cut short the coiled plastic relief tube , otherwise it 's easy to drain into a gas can . Normally this sort of cheap gas or liquid pressure tool with threaded fittings arrive leaky and need to be resealed -- not this one so far .
 Comes with everything you need to get the job done -LRB- provided it has the right adaptors for your car -RRB- . Decent quality , well thought out kit.Only thing I wished was that it came with a blow moulded case to store the bits in.It does include a storage bag , but this is relatively impractical .
 This worked great for my needs . Seemed consistent and purge functionality was handy to have . Case is nice for storage too .
 I have only used this tool once since I bought it , on Chevy with a Shrader valve connection and had no leaks or other issues with the tester . Wish the case was bigger .
 Great kit . Wish it had a hook to hang it up out of the way like you get with air conditioner gauges . If it had that I 'd give it 5 stars .
 I used this product to verify fuel pressure and check for leaks on a GM fuel rail and the hose easily connected to the schrader valve with no leaks . Some fuel did leak from the pressure release button but very little . The gauge is a bit slow about going back to zero when releasing fuel pressure but no big deal and it did the job I bought it for nicely . It came with a pouch to store everything in which is an added bonus . I would recommend this product based on my experience .
 It 's the quality I was looking for in a gas gauge . It is simple to use with the bleed off port
 The added length of this hose let me drive the vehicle and watch the gauge at the same time . The gauge itself could be a little better quality but it gets the job done with ease .
 Actron seems to have changed the storage bag for this product . I could probably get 2 gauges + acc into the bag I got and there is a clear window on the bag so you can see what 's inside.I have several Actron test products and they are far superior to the junk you find in the chain auto parts stores . No flimsy plastic parts that break off at the slightest provocation.P.S . If you have an import you can get 3 additional banjo adapters sold directly by Actron . I found 2 of them here on Amazon . And they do n't gouge you on the accessories price like many other manufacturers .
 This fuel pressure tester worked great for me . I was able to connect it to the test port on my fuel rail and test pressure within literally about 2 min . I did n't have any help , so i was able to lay the gauge down on the windshield and watch the results as I ran several tests from the drivers seat . Since the gauge has a rubber bumper around it , it stayed in place even when the fuel line pressurized . I did not have any problems with leaks at the fuel pressure release button . This tester confirmed I need a new fuel pump . I think it is the perfect balance of price , quality and functionality for the DIY'er .
 The device seems to function as advertised - I do n't have a calibrated pressure gauge to determine if it 's `` accurate '' or not . As others have mentioned , the storage case for this is somewhat pathetic , and while the unit does have a valve and associated tubing for bleeding off the fuel into a container , the simple act of pressing the release valve allows fuel to escape through the the button that you 're pressing , somewhat defeating the purpose of a no-mess pressure release.At the end of the day , it functions as a fuel pressure tester and serves the purpose it was intended , which is a very useful tool to those who would like to avoid the typical `` shotgun approach '' to fuel system related auto repairs . I should be able to upgrade the pressure release valve with standard brass fittings -LRB- I 'm guessing here -RRB- , so no heartburn there , and it * was * a relatively inexpensive tool that gets you up and going right out of the box . I would actually give it 3.5 stars if that was possible
 Bought this unit to aid in diagnosing GM TBI F/I system adapted to Toyota Land Cruiser . Gauge is very accurate , easy to read , rubber around actual gauge keeps it from getting bumped or dinged . Plenty of adapters for other types of F/I systems , and gauge will read higher pressures on other systems with no problem . Excellent unit , good price .
 Quality good enough for the home mechanic , but as a pro I might get a higher quality unit . Worked as expected , hose long enough to reach from my fuel rail to windshield where it was duct taped for test ride .
 The ONLY fuel pressure tester on the market with a long hose.All others have a short hose leaving you hunched over to read the gauge.With ALL the extra adapters you will ever need , makes this one the winner .
 I have n't used it much yet but it seems to work well . I like the fact that it contains enough connections to check fuel pressure on most vehicles .
 Useful tool to have around with my aging pickup and car . I was able to diagnose my fuel pressure regulator as the problem , eliminating the pump , ect ... The many adapters and longer hose made this a better choice for me than some of the other Actron products . I was able to feed the hose under the hood and view the guage as I cycled the ignition off and on . Seems well made , and having the drain valve to relieve the pressure is a plus .
 This unit was purchased for the low price and the inclusion of the connectors needed to work with the vehicles that were in need of testing . It worked as advertised . I would recommend it to others .
 I bought this kit to diagnose the hard start problem on my 96 XJ Cherokee . Took about ten minutes to figure out I had low pressure on the rail due to bleed-back . Bad check valve or pressure regulator , both of which are part of my fuel pump assembly . New assembly , problem solved ! This kit worked perfect out of the box . Teflon tape on gauge fittings , pressure relief hose nice and long , very easy to use . Adapters to fit almost any car , i.e. you can rent it to your friends for five bux ! Nice pouch for storage too ! Has complete instructions , though they 're hardly necessary .
 I 've been a `` shade tree '' mechanic for years - since cars were n't computers ! This fuel pressure gauge is well-made , and very easy to use . Could have come with a better case to hold it once you break it out of the clamshell pack - but is is a good tool !
 Fuel pump tester came quickly gave and it gave accurate readings . One of the problems with the newer vehicles is poor duel pump pressure on fuel injected engines whick can cause hesitation in your vehicle also the vehicle may not start . This instrument will help you rule out low fuel pump pressure . Money well spent .
 The pressure tester works as expected . It works great for the `` weekend warrior '' , but it wouldnt stand up to everyday use .
 Exactly what I wanted . Worked well and is a good addition to my tools . Looks like this will fit any set up you have . Has many adapters and instructions are minimal but understandable . Will buy products from this manufacturer again . Priced right and received the product before the estimated arrival date as always from Amazon .
 Handy automotive diagnostic equipment right here . I like these fuel pressure testers , quick and easy to use , especially if you have easy access to your fuel system by way of a Schrader valve up on the fuel rail . The only thing that threw me for a loop is that I also have an electronic tool that connects to the vehicle 's OBDII port under the dash and by USB to my notebook that runs software to read the vehicle 's real-time or live data parameters . Pretty neat gizmo by the way , AutoEnginuity manufacturers the tool , forget it 's actual name at the moment , but check that out too if you 'd like . Anyhow , the scanner was reading fuel pressure around 50 psi I believe , was a while back , and this manual gauge up on the rail was only reading about 30 psi . Not sure what to make of that , could be normal for all I know . Fuel filter was also new and fuel is treated with additives on a regular basis , fuel system cleaner products . That was right after I installed a brand new in-tank pump with strainer because I thought the pump was going bad after only seeing 30 psi with this . Stupid me , I did n't even think to hook up my more expensive toy for this ! Problem was with bad ignition coil misfiring , not lack of fuel . Oh well , got a new pump out of it , nothing wrong with that right ? Shotgun maintenance at it 's best . I give Autozone good money that way!Jonathan
 Actron CP7838 Professional Fuel Pressure TesterThis item did everything that I expected it to do .
 the o ring inside the ford adapter crushed after two uses , even though it still seals . Other than that this is a great item . It is the same one that I could have bought at the local parts store , but comes with adapters for ford , gm , and a universal adapter for any other vehicles you might come across .
 This fuel pressure tester worked well . Only complaint is with it 's bleeder to relieve residual pressure in the fuel line . Even though it seemed to have bled the pressure off , when I disconnected the tester from the line , I got sprayed slightly with gas . Best way to remove pressure is to pull the fuse for the fuel pump , then try to start the car a few times.Overall quality of the tester was good . Storage pouch could have been bigger , with maybe a separate compartment to save the instructions from getting ruined by fuel left in/on the tester 's components .
 I used this gauge on a 1997 GMC C1500 4.3 L V6 . It connected easily to the fuel inlet test port . Some fuel leaked out while installing it , but there were no leaks once the connector was tightened . The long hose was nice . I was able to place the gauge under the hood and on the windshield . This made it easy to see while seated in the driver 's seat . I used the bleed off valve to relieve the fuel pressure . There were no leaks from the bleed-off valve.This is the first fuel pressure gauge I have ever used or owned . I am very pleased with the product . It did exactly what I needed it to do .
 This gauge helped me check whether a hesitation problem was caused by a fuel pressure problem . The gauge is well constructed and easy to use . It attaches right into my GM 3800 fuel pressure test port without having to use any of the many adapters they include in the kit . The manual was pretty good . It would be helpful if they would print a list of common engines and what an acceptable range is for their key-on-engine-off and running fuel pressures . But you can find that information elsewhere , as the manual indicates . If you are a shade-tree mechanic or even more serious , this will work well for you .
 I particularly like the selection of adapters ... I did n't have to gerry-rig a thing . Plug and play gauge is now a permanent tool in my box .
 Professional level , well made product that does exactly what it should , give solid performance . Wide assortment of adapters is very useful if you work on more than one car . Only real negative is minor . Storage pouch is a little small . Tough to get gauge and all the accessories into it . No big deal .
 This same gauge is very good for the price . It will connect to any car with a schrader valve or a rubber hose connection . It will also connect to GM TBI fuel lines and some hondas and acuras with a banjo bolt connection . -LRB- Many of the users reviewing this product do not know how to properly use it . Do not tighten the ford adapter with a wrench or the main fitting with pliers and keep the seals lubricated and the seals will last . -RRB-
 Very happy with this product . Came within a few days and my husband used it yesterday and gave him the answer he needed .
 gracias por enviar ofertas y tener productos de tan buena calidad segun las especificaciones tecnicas.gracias por enviar ofertas y tener productos de tan buena calidad segun las especificaciones tecnicas .
 This tester is very well made and has adaptors for most US and Foreign vehicles . I was able to test my Camry with no problems .
 BETTER THEN SPENDING 200.00 TO SNAP-ONalso test your current in the fuel circuit.do it your self , fixed my problemsGOOD PRODUCT THUMBS UP !!! GO Green . . another BUTT EYE Review . .
 Product is excellent.The product comes with all the fittings you need in order to check fuel pressure on the car , including fuel injection cars.A quality product .
 Gran producto , instrucciones completas para un manejo correcto y seguro . Fue facil diagnosticar que mi bomba de gasolina esta trabajando correctamente.El material que esta fabricado es de buena calidad y contiene lo necesario para utilizarlo con diferentes marcas de vehiculosLo recomiendo ampliamente
 The first order was totally destroyed by the goons at UPS . -LRB- Photos on file with Curt -RRB- . It was unrepairable . Amazon was very on the ball with a RMA shipping label . The replacement came in two days . The goons bent this hitch also , but not as bad . However with a block and tackle , it was installed.Suggestion to send UPS goons to remedial reading class so they can decipher `` This end UP '' !
 Nice quality heavy duty steel , very nice finish . Fit 1994 Ford F-150 . Easier to install than I originally thought , just have a good set of drill bits , a couple of large `` C '' clamps , and a floor jack ready . Did n't even need to remove spare tire for the installation . The metal plates that hold the carrige bolts make the installation easier and allow you to tighten the nuts with a single wrench . Great idea !
 I installed the Curt 13310 on my 2000 Dodge Ram full size 1/2 ton pickup . The instructions said I might need to adjust the bumper and that I would have to drill some 1/2 '' bolt holes . I did n't need to do either . Everything fit perfectly . I installed this hitch by myself in about 20 mins . It could n't have been easier . I recommend putting thread locker on the bolts before you tighten them . The hitch looks great . The only thing visible from the back of the truck is the receiver part . And best of all , it 's made in the good old USA .
 Receiver fit my 99 Dodge Ram 1500 without any drilling . Went on without a hitch and has worked well so far . Thread locker does help on the bolts , and the washers holding the top in place is very nice for securing the receiver to the frame .
 The side rail was bent so I had to straighten it out . Otherwise , it was a perfect fit and very easy to install . It appears to be well-made , also .
 It fit my 1998 dodge ram 1500 perfectly . Had to ream a few holes out , but went on like a breeze . .
 This hitch was a joy to install . It clearsthe tire carrier hook , fits perfect , and looksgood . I highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent hitch . Box had a hole in it when I received it , but everything was intact . Not much you can say about it , other than it is heavy duty and works fine .
 I ` am 67 years old and i put this hitch on myself . It went on just like they said , and the hardware they sent made the mounting job very easy . thank you Curt manufacturing . . I would rate this hitch a 10 . .
 Perfect for little jobs on my motorcycle . Comfortable cushion and the tool tray is super convenient . Nice and sturdy too .
 The seat , for the price , will do for the light service I intend for it . It is a good height , and appears to move well on the concrete surface of the garage floor . I was disappointed that it was n't shipped with all the necessary cap-bolts or lock washers necessary to assemble it . I contacted the company , and was told if they had any available , they would ship them to me . So far , nothing has been shipped to me , and as long as it 's been since the purchase , I do n't expect anything .
 This is a great accessory -LRB- or necessity -RRB- for anyone who does a lot of work in a shop or garage . Besides working on cars , I find it handy when I have , for example , some woodworking project on sawhorses ; sitting on the creeper seat , I can easily slide around to do sanding , detail , work , etc. . The plastic tool tray under the seat is a nice touch . My only minor complaint
 I am elderly . I am now finding it difficult to stoop down or crouch to put air in the tires of my automobiles . This little seat gives me something to sit on while I check the pressure and add air as necessary with my air compressor.The product is well made , easy to assemble , light in weight , and just perfect for my needs .
 I read all of the reviews on this seat , including the negative ones . If you will be making a living with this I suggest that you buy one of better quality -LRB- more expensive -RRB- . But for the home user like myself , this is a good value for the money . I have used it several times now and found it to be a huge improvement over my old seat which was shorter , wood with no padding and steel casters that did n't roll well over concrete seams . When the cover eventually wears out I will just replace it with a better quality material . But again , it is what I had expected for the price and would recommend it to others .
 Had this for 3 months and just put together . Stop thinking about it and just get it . I 'm about 200lbs and holds very well . I 'm not sure if there is a limit on it but I 'm sure it will hold much more . Moves easily and the three compartment tray comes in handy . I keep it stored on the wall on a hanger since its fairly light ! Any questions just let me know .
 Easy to assemble . Directions are lacking but was able to put together in about 20 minutes with help of 3 year old -LRB- had to help daddy -RRB- . Working good in garage and padding is just enough on seat for those that do n't have padding . Rolls easily around in garage unless you have gravel around then it gets a little tough but still works .
 I bought this creeper seat in anticipation of a rear brake job on my car . It was easy to put together and very sturdy . The creeper seat made the brake job so much easier by putting me on a level with the rear wheels of the car but in a sitting position . This seat is my new favorite toy . The tray in the bottom is surprisingly spacious and easily holds the various tools needed for most jobs in easy reach . Also great for motorcycle detailing ! I highly recommend !
 When I purchased the Torin creeper seat I did n't take into account it might have a weight limit . I mean of course it would have * some * limit but nothing in the Amazon ad that I saw suggested a very specific maximum weight of a person that the seat could take.It was therefore disappointing to see on the packaging the words ` holds 250lbs ! ' in big lettering on the front . I 'm a big tall guy at around 350lbs - heck if I was 250lbs I 'd be a stick . So I thought I 'd just squash it if that 's its maximum weight limit ... but I chose to assemble it anyway since it was so inexpensive and just see how it handled my girth . First thing I noticed was it was mostly nearly all constructed despite the assembly instructions indicating I would have to mount the wheels and the plastic to the base etc. . In reality all I had to do was bolt on the U brackets and the seat . Done . Took about 10 minutes . The lower plastic was ever so slightly cracked though , due I 'd say to over tightening at the factory but it 's not a deal breaker and has n't affected the functionality of the seat.Once together I sat down and swung around one of my bikes and began to clean it . I have to say that the seat made a massive difference in my cleaning routine where often I 'd be laying on the cold floor . Now I 'm sitting upright and much more comfortable albeit really low - I might source taller brackets at some point as it feels short for a man of my height . But it 's still infinitely preferable to sitting and laying on the ground . Being able to smoothly scoot around the vehicle with tools in tow speeds things up hugely and is very welcome.At the end of about two hours of cleaning , the Torin TR6300 creeper seat looked exactly the same and not at all squished thankfully , and I 'm really glad I bought it .
 I work on my car A LOT . Between changing wheels , to adjusting suspension , to detailing , cleaning , oil changing , the list goes on , I was in dire need of some sort of `` chair '' so that I would n't have to plop myself on the ground to get closer to eye level with what i am working on , or bend over when doing some detailing . This creeper seat was JUST what I was looking for . The seat is quite comfortable , and by having no back support it gives you a couple of different ways to sit on it so that you can find the most comfortable position when doing various things . I have used it recently to do a quick winter detail of my car . I was getting absolutely tired with doing my detailing with an orbital whilst bent over having to keep squatting and standing . Now I dont have to worry about that since this seat literally puts me at the median line in respect to the height of my car . The tray on the bottom also works PERFECTLY for holding on to polishes , pads , cloths , etc while the roller wheels help you move with ease . I ca n't wait till the winter is over and I can switch out my winter wheels back to my summer ... this seat will be of a HUGE benefit since I will no longer have to sit on the ground and do all of the work . Fantastic Price too !
 This creeper seat is just what I needed.I do a lot of filing and the creeper seatsaves me a lot of bending and back strain.It is also very sturdy .
 Great value for the price , the creeper is well balanced , well constructed and tool tray is handy . The wheels roll nicely - even on rough concrete . Great for us old guys with bad knees .
 We bought this for a friend last year for Christmas . He is still using it almost every day . He loves it and highly recommends it .
 If you 're like me and enjoy keeping your car looking sharp but the body has let you down and unable to bend to polish the sides like you used to then this is the way to go . The cushion is comfortable and the casters work really well . You can keep the polish , dry cloth and anything else you 'll need on the tray below you . You ca n't go wrong , especially from Amazon where they are less expensive and no shipping or sales tax .
 I purchased this for car detailing and it works just fine . It is 15 '' high assembled so just the right height for detailing the wheels and for polishing the side of the car . The tray on the bottom works for detailing supplies .
 This is a great addition to any shade tree mechanic 's tool box . The seat is very comfortable and it rolls very well . The tool tray is plastic but it seems to be durable enough handle quite a bit of weight . The creeper came in pieces but was very easy to put together . I must have over-torqued one of the front castor nuts because I just noticed the plastic is fractured around it bit . I use it quite a bit and have not had any problems with it ...
 I used this creeper seat to change over my summer to winter tires , I have just built a new garage and the floors are brand new cement which helps for the cart to roll easy . I changed all 8 tires in no time at all and the seat put me at the right height to work on my car . good price and was delivered on time .
 Since purchasing this stool I use it everytime I 'm cleaning my tires . It has made it easy to wax and move around my car . No more standing up .
 hard to rate since it was a gift for my son . I 'm not able to rate this product since it was a gift and wish it did n't require using X amount of words
 I was amazed how easily I can sail around my car while cleaning the wheels , tires and lower panels . It 's a must for anyone with bad knees or bad back .
 My husband was pleased with this Christmas gift , as his old one has a cracked seat . It is better quality than the one he used for many years .
 The first one came and my husband noticed a broken leg . The return was swift and convenient . The second creeper had no issues and works great .
 this seat is ideal in the garage to clean the lower parts of a car , truck or detailing a motorcycle . Build well to support and the storage under the seat is handy .
 My dad is an electrician and he had a seat like this from a previous manufacturer . We got him this one for Christmas and he LOVED it - the seat has much cushion and the tray on the bottom was perfect . Easy to put together too .
 Get a philips head screw driver and a couple wrenches.Takes a few minutes to get everything lined up , but all in all went together pretty easily.Has a max weight of 250 pounds , and it looks like it probably would n't do well holding much more than that.Beyond that , the wheels move smoothly , the seat is squishy and comfortable , and it 's great having a little tray that 's always within reach right underneath of you !
 I received this seat a year ago as gift . I enjoyed it enough I 've ordered two for my brother and a friend that are car enthusiasts . It 's perfect to work my cars from eye level to waist height while sitting . Example
 Just purchased this for a mechanic friend & he said it is well made & the wheels worked very good on surfaces.He seems very pleased so I would recommend this due his good response to this creeper seat .
 Nice look . Very sturdy . Rolls nicely . Easy to put together . I love being able to easily roll around to grab supplies when I 'm working on a painting .
 The only problem I have with this seat is one of the wheels sticks and does not swivel as it should.I could have sent it back but decided it was not all that bad.It is well made other than that .
 Great for rolling around garage while working ! It was very easy to put together . Good quality ! Seat is comfortable . This was exactly as described . Delivered right on time .
 My husband loves this thing and he is surprised how strong it is . He is 160lb but it can hold much more weight with no problems .
 my back used to prevent me from working on the boat and car for too long , but with this creeper seat I can get so much more done in a day . Good quality and sturdy
 Too many words to be writting what others want me to write.No NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
 My husband uses this to get around under the house . He is too tall to squat and his knees could n't handle crawling around . He can sit easily and move around to repair pipes , insulate ducting , etc. . He puts his flashlight on the bottom tray like headlights . If you 're looking for Father 's day gift for the handyman , this is it ! Easy to put together too , ships in modular pieces and quick delivery -LRB- 2 days -RRB- .
 Easy to put together , sturdy and priced right . I 'm 180lbs and it is Perfect for me working on the motorcycle . !
 GAVE IT TO MY SON FOR CHRISTMAS AND ITS A GOOD WAY TO WORK AND ROLL AROUND WHILE WORKING ON THE CAR . HE LIKED IT .
 This creeper seat exceeded my expectations . It is well made , easy to assemble , and rolls very smoothly . I highly recommend it .
 Best price I could find . This is a high quality pipe expander . As an auto technician I have tried a few other brands and this one works the best .
 Stretched the pipe so you could fit another into it . It did n't get five stars because you need another tool to straighten the irregularities in the pipe . I got 12 expansions and it still works .
 some parts pop out and some mats block the vin number . overall good mat . the velcro strips that come along work well too .
 Installed it into the car in about 10 minutes and its running like a beautyVery god quality and the price was much lower then your typical Autoparts
 The Extang bed cover came complete with everything needed for installation . We opened the box and pulled out the cover and rails . The clamps were in a plastic bag with the bolts and a hex wrench . All the clamps were padded where they contact the truck bed to prevent any scratches or damage . My wife and I installed the cover in approximately 30 minutes using just the tool that was included . The next day we drove the truck over 350 miles and not one snap came loose . A perfect fit and easy to install , I highly recommend the Extang cover .
 We bought this cover for a trip to Canada in our Chevy Silverado Shortbed truck . I really did not want a hard cover or something permanent as I have not decided yet what the long term -LRB- if any -RRB- bed cover should be . This cover was a good price , installation was pretty easy -LRB- about 20 min with my wife 's help -RRB- . The day after I installed it , the first test was upon us , we had a heavy rain all day and I drove 180 miles in the rain with the new cover on . At the end of the day , I pulled the tailgate open and found that the bed was 99 % dry , just a few small drop in each corner of the truck bed.I was impressed to say the least as I did not think any non permanent cover would have stopped that heavy rain.Our trip to Canada was good , the rain and snow did not get in the truck bed and all our stuff stayed dry -LRB- we did put most of it in rubber totes or plastic bags , but that turned out not to be necessary as the truck bed stayed dry.We will see how long it lasts , but so far , I would suggest this product for anyone who wants a non permanent bed cover at a reasonable price.By the way , putting the snap cover on was not that bad , I thought it would have been much tougher , it was tight and only needed a pair of pliers to pull it on a few of the back snaps .
 This adapter is high machine quality . It is a perfect fit on my 2001 Jeep Wrangler 4.0 L engine . I did have to go to the local hardware store to pick up 2 1/2 '' 5/16 '' / 24 -LRB- fine Thread -RRB- bolts to install this 2 inch spacer and flex fan because the spacer came with -LRB- course thread -RRB- 5/16 '' / 18 bolts
 arrived in great shape instruction good fit was good i even got the right color the pic 's in Amazon for color was not good i did have to guess between tan and camel but did work out . product is great ...
 You ca n't beat these for the price . They look good and work great . I did paint the hat are on mine as they will rust after getting wet . A little brake paint on there and they still look great after a lot of miles .
 Step bar arrived in a couple days UPS . Packaging was very well done . One thing had me worried , when reading the spec 's on Amazon site , the length of the bar that fit my 1996 Pathfinder listed 3 '' round and 73 '' long and my SUV measured 68 '' betweenthe front and rear tires , too long . But on westin web site the same part number fit my vehicle but gave no measurements.Glad I ordered this step bar because it fit perfectly , was about 63 '' long and the brackets bolted to original holes with no problem and they look great , Black step bar and all black SUV , As always great Amazon service .
 Best price anywhere !! Very easy install and fitment is spot on . I would highly recommend these bars to anyone .
 Bought these for a 2002 Grand Caravan and found them far superior to OEM blades . They conform to the windshield and work extremely well in snow and ice . VERY easy to install and well designed . I will buy these for my other car as well .
 Excellent buy through Amazon . Saved $ 15 per blade over local prices . These blades are excellent quality . I have them now on both my vehicles and recommended them to my son for use on his van .
 Bosch wiper blades are the best I have found to date for ease of installation and a cleanstreak free wipe every time
 Before buying I was not totally sure how the lack of frame in it will work.It works very well .
 I used these headers on a LT1 350 V8 . I 've put headers on about 80 % of the cars and motorcyles I 've owned and these where the best . There was no pause or waiting for the tach to climb before the power hit . It was instant ! Very strong low and mid range , yet still have the big power scream on top . Other long tube headers always seemed gutless down low , until they hit . I never thought much of it until I tried the Afterburners -LRB- great name -RRB- and had no lag or waiting.It later showed on the before and after dyno run I had . I have to dig it up as it started as soon as the dyno operator was able to hit the throttle -LRB- I think at 2,000-2 ,500 rpm -RRB- It showed the same power increase right though the run , with no dips or peaks . The car felt like it had a big block in it after I installed them.I had sent them to Jet-Hot before I installed them just to keep the temps down but I do n't believe that had anything to do with the hp increase . This is a weird design for headers but so are most cars that have factory tubes over a manifold and I believe the Nascar ones are very similar to the Afterburners design . It 's not easy getting a patent and Flowtech has it with the Afterburner design which says something.I would only recomend you properly coat them , not only to keep heat down but to make sure they do n't rust -LRB- which everything but stainless seems to -RRB- . If you Jet-Hot them , do n't spill oil on them afterwards . It ruins the look completely when it bakes . I also ran them with an X Type and dual mode mufflers . It was the wildess sounding Roadmaster LT-1 in Michigan , and with the torsen rear diff and low gear pretty darn fast!Gary
 This was what I needed to fix my 4x4 system in my truck . Was half the price on Amazon compared to the local parts store . Took about an hour and a half to install in the freezing cold we had the day it arrived -LRB- -12 F -RRB- . Would have taken a lot less time to install on a warm day . Fixed my problem and allowed me to drive through some bad snow up steep driveways , and looking out the window I will need it again today .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend and after 3 years it still looks awesome ! Quality product for sure !
 Very pleased with the fit and finish of this product . It was for my neices car . I would purchase this product again . In fact I was so impressed with this , that I bought 2 more for my truck and car . Also bought them for my parents .
 This product worked great ! Highly recommended . Do not get the 12 point socket set ! It was the wrong size and had to be forced into the screw .
 This is a high quality set of specialized bits for working on your beloved VW . I 'm glad I bought it as it saved me much headache in changing my drive axle .
 I purchased these at Car-Quest under part number STL 60750 , used them to replace both axles of 2003 Passat . The 12mm looks like new . Just make sure that you clean out the bolts before start to crank on them .
 I originally purchased this product as a hurricane/emergency supply item , and even though I have never needed it in a true emergency , I have used every feature of this item . It 's amazingly handy , and has worked flawlessly the entire time I 've had it . I recently had a flat tire on my car with a slow leak , and it inflated it from completely flat to over 20 psi in less than 15 minutes , in 10 degree -LRB- F -RRB- temperatures , several days in a row . Higher-voltage appliances will run down the battery quickly , but I 've run lower-draw items like laptops and lamps for over an hour on it.The only minor complaint I have is that the jumper cables are too short , so you generally have to set the 400R down in the engine bay while jumpstarting .
 I have had this item for about 6 months , and have used all of the features . The radio is handy poolside and you can always use the inflater for pool toys , or car tires . The inverter if great for recharging your cell phone , etc. . I have powered a TV for several hours only drawing 90 watts . It starts car batteries easily , but will take a while for a truck battery if at all . The battery cables are about 18 '' long so they are short , you may need to set it safely on the motor . I use it about every week , and have not had any reliability issues .
 Three and a half inch diameter and twenty two inches long . The tips are made of heavy stainless , perfectly formed and finished . The sound improvement is surprising . The larger diameter , length and shape make a deeper , louder and better sound . I did not weld mine on . I cut four slots about an inch and a quarter long in the tip . Used a torco ss clamp on each tip . Torco ss clamps can be tightened super tight and hold great !
 Bought this about 2-years ago since I have a very bad habit of leaving my parking lights on . Also figured I could n't go wrong since I park in the hot Hawaiian sun most of the time at home and at work . Overall the unit works ... it 's hard to tell but since I 've gotten this unit , I have n't had to use my portable jumper -LRB- I 'm Sold ! -RRB- ... and I do notice on those long sunny days the starter spins up easier . The only issue I had with this unit is inherent to my cars design ... the lighter plug on my car only works with the ignition `` on '' . To resolve this incompatibility , I simply hard-wired the charger into the vehicle using a fused lead to the battery ... problem solved . I also used a quick disconnect on the lead so I can remove the entire unit . . which by the way has sat on my dashboard since I installed it . I 'll consider buying a higher wattage unit later for future vehicles since they are relatively inexpensive ... size being the limiting factor on the dashboard of course .
 product was delivered in a timely fashion . well packed . product works as advertized . purchased 2 of the trickle charges and both function very well . highly recommend product.thanks amazon.comGeorge
 I actually tied this in to my deer feeder and never had a problem , it seems to be weather proof and everything ! The price was worth a shot compared to others also .
 My car seems to drain batteries and after it has been sitting for a couple days , needs to be jump-started . I cut the cigarette lighter plug from the end of this and wired it directly to my battery and leave the charger sitting on my dashboard . I get strong starts every time now ! I am 100 % thrilled with this product and I recommend it to everyone .
 This is an awesome product . Easy to use , lots of detail . Definitely highly reccomend it . .
 AUTOXRAY IS MY # 1 BRAND WHEN IT COMES TO A OBD CODE READER , I OWNED A AUTOXRAY EASY READER2000 FOR MY OLDER VEHICLES WHICH ARE OBD I AND NOW I BOUGHT A NEWER ONE FOR MY 2006CHEVY TRUCK ! NO OFFENSE ON THE OTHER GUYS , BUT THIS IS IT ? MY NAME BRAND ! THANK YOU
 I 've been using this scanner for 6 day now and have performed 4 scans on various vehicles.All the scans worked well . Not all the scans gave all the information I was expecting to see
 I 'm just a shade tree mechanic , but this tool is really handy when working on newer cars . I found it straight-forward and user-friendly . You can really save yourself a lot of money by diagnosing your own car with this scanner.I know other companies sell scanners , many of them are thousands of dollars , -LRB- I think Snap-On sells one that is over $ 6,000 ! -RRB- but this scanner performs about 95 % of the tasks the high-end ones do , at a much cheaper price . It has all the necessary adapters to work on any car with an on-board computer , and it gives you all the diagnostic info in real time.Mechanics and dealers have to hate these things because of all the money it saves consumers in repairs .
 I read through some of the reviews on this product and one in particular mentioned you could get the same information for six bucks.That 's true , for 6 dollars you can jumper two connections on an ODB I car -LRB- 95 or older -RRB- . The early ODB system could tell you what code was being thrown but very little else . Can you jumper two connections and get the same information with an ODB II car ? No . You can not do meter sweeps on a ODB II car , to read the trouble code , you need a scan tool.This tool can read trouble codes and do a lot more . I purchased this tool because I 've been having on and off misfire problems on a 1997 Camaro . I did n't know which cylinder was misfiring and honestly , if the check engine light was n't on , I would n't have even noticed a problem . I hooked the scan tool up to the car , and the trouble code was P0300 - Random misfire.To the average person , a random misfire means just that , every cylinder is intermittently misfiring . Yes , if this were an ODB I car , a jumper would have told me that much information . Smart troubleshooting would have you test the ignition coils or the fuel system . If the misfire is not contained on a specific cylinder , then it may indicate a system wide issue.This is where the scan tool paid for itself . Instead of throwing parts at the car I was able to look at the vehicle data , I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of data I had access to . I could see the misfire counts for each cylinder . Every cylinder had less than 10 , except cylinder 5 which had over 5000 misfires . I traced the problem back to a bad spark pug wire on # 5 that had be rubbing against the headers I had just installed.The trouble code was misleading , and instead of spending my time under and over the car looking at the fuel system and ignition system , I spent 5 minutes diagnosing the problem.I have a background in automotive diagnosis and have a degree in Automotive Service Technology . The scan tools we used in school cost over $ 1000 and were manufacturer specific . This tool does n't give you as much information as those did , but for the average DIY mechanic , this tool is perfect . If you 're looking for a tool to just scan a code , and nothing else ... buy something cheaper.If you 're looking for a scan tool that can assist you in diagnosing and fixing emission related problems , this is the scan tool for you . You may not use it every day of your life , but when you do need it , it will get the job done .
 I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this product . The product was shipped immediately . I really appreciate the case it comes with . I have used the product on two vehicles . However , I own 5 different vehicles and it will test all five ! It has provided accurate analysis for each situation . The best part , its web-upgradeable so that I 'll never have to purchase another analyser . I got such a deal , it came with the EZ-Charge 200 , now I can also easily find problems with a charging system . Fantastic product !
 i took my car to a garage for a tuneup they wanted $ 500.00 plus parts & labor the $ 500.00 was for them to hook up a scanner to the diagnostic plug . i paid $ 285 for my autoxray 6000 and found out i needed a radiator cap got one at wal-mart $ 18.99 . checked a friends car had a bad tranny sensor , ca n't charge a friend .
 Ignore the idiots who want to count check engine light flashes or volt meter sweeps . Pro mechanics / Techs use digital meters primarily anyway.This is a great scanner for the money . If you want to just find out a code number go to a local auto parts store where they will scan the codes for free . If you want the code and the definition you need a real scanner , a data scanner . I love that this inexpensive , easy and quick to use scanner will read codes , define codes , clear codes but more importantly it records ` Freeze Frame ' data as to what was going on when the code set . It very importantly displays live data . For you non-pros that means this little device will tell you what your vehicle knows and is monitoring as it is happening . Not every problem sets a code and not every code that is set means a part has to be replaced . I am an ASE Master with 34 years professional experience . I regularly use a Snap-On Modis I paid over $ 4,000 for and costs over $ 1,000 to update , This Auto X-Ray scanner does a great deal and I use it more often the Modis . It also has a battery tester utility that is identical to the one most professional shops and dealerships use . There is also a built in digital volt meter built right in . There are free updates available for download as well as affordable upgrades.I 've had mine for almost 4 years now and have no complaints . I have dropped it and abused it and it keeps working great . The battery seems to last a real long time too.If you need more than a code number or are a young mechanic trying to accumulate tools , this is a great investment.Ask a Professional
 This scan tool is my third from XRay . The others were very good but have been overcome by newer cars ' computer systems . This one covers them all and can be updated as well . Got ta ' have that option these days . Excellent price made this gadget a `` got ta ' have . '' If you do your own car diagnosis and repair , this tool is a must unless you only work on cars with carburetors and breaker points .
 Complete package with nice case to keep up with it all . There are many useful features including realtime monitoring and freeze frame . The ability to download to your computer is a plus . One the negative side , it does not provide full diagnostic funtionality even though my truck is 11 years old .
 Excellent scanner with an affordadle price with this tool a diagnostics manual and an ohm/volt/dwell meter you can fix almost anything computer wise on your vehicle . It has obd1 , obd2 and CAN scanning capability right out of the box with an enhanced Chrysler cable as the only other upgrade it is well worth the money .
 My son bought an Auto x ray 6000 about 10 years ago . I do n't understand all the negativity about this thing . His unit has performed flawlessly on everything we have tried it on . Well , except my 95 Geo Tracker . Only Suzuki dealers are privy to this car . -LRB- Good luck finding one -RRB- Anyway , it has diagnosed EVERY car we have used it on for 10 years without a hitch . If it fails the next time , it wo n't matter , because it has paid for itself many times over . We have never used factory support , we have never had a problem . I need to buy a scan tool for myself now , but , am confused with all this bad hype out there . I realise , this is not a high end unit , but Snap-on , Genisys , and others are no better for much more money . I see many Snap-on scan tool owners crying about their $ 5000 units not working , or , not being upgradeable . It 's a tool , and tools must constantly be bought as old ones become obsolete , or get broken .
 It sure is nice to get the correct part with all the gaskets!This took 8 hours because it 's burried behind everything and you have to set your timing marks before any work is done because the pump is driven by the timing belt .1991 Toyota 4 Runner 3.0 L engine
 They were a pain to install on my motorhome due to clearance issues but well worth it in the end . They completely eliminated all sag and raised the rear over 2 full inches . Cornering is much improved and almost all roll and sway has been eliminated . I also have Firestone airbags to be fair but I now run them at 60psi instead of 100psi so my ride feels a little more forgiving . I still intend on replacing the worn leaf springs eventually but this was a great bridge in the meantime . I currently have the Supersprings on the stiffest setting -LRB- the 2nd holes on both sides -RRB- but plan to transfer them to the new leaf springs on the first holes to allow them to work as intended as overload springs since they also help to eliminate leaf spring twist and roll .
 My van as came back to life , lifted heavy duty rear end about 3 &#34; , just like new , right off the Ford assembly line . As far as safety issues go as to the sagging rear end goes , safer more stable as to towing my boat & motorcycle off road to remote area 's plus gear . Drive 's like a brand new rig now !!! . Took it to a great local mechanic to install , 45 min later with a few adjustments , ready to go . Lifting vans rear end 3 &#34; . Bottom line is a stable , safer rig on the road & off road.Jimbo -92009 - 01/03/2013
 My fussy wife says there 's nothing better . I have to agree . We bought it at Tractor Supply butwill be buying it on Amazon -LRB- better price -RRB- . It 's the first time I 've heard her rave abouta window cleaner .
 I have always needed an outdoor car cover as i do not own a garage or carport . my current residence has a sycamore tree over my parking space . though i enjoy having the shade , the tree drops stuff all over my car , all the time . when it rains , its even more annoying as they are stuck everywhere . since purchasing the car cover , i 've noticed a huge difference in the look of my car each morning . i really enjoy having it and it is n't that hard to put on . there are instructions on how to lay it on your car for easy applying and removing . there is also an attached velcro case that the cover goes in when not in use . you do have to unscrew the antenna from the MINI . i just place it in the boot as a reminder to put it back on when i put the cover away . this is a great purchase and though it fits a little different than the picture -LRB- not as tight -RRB- its a great investment for someone who wants to protect there car . i 'm glad i purchased this and if i ever get a garage , i will probably get the indoor car cover with the big zipper on it . oh , there is a small cut out for the license plate too . such a great design and fits the MINI well ! just buy this and be happy you did .
 This cover fits tight enough not to rub when the wind blows and it 's almost as cute as the Mini itself . Delivered as promised , a bit on the expensive side , but worth it .
 Cover looks really cool and fits like a glove . My antenna did n't fit properly so I cut a small whole and ran the antenna through the cover.Also note , it is not waterproof , and the morning dew will still get on the car . But it keeps out the hot sun.Great item !!
 Really good fit for your R53 , except for the side mirrors . They look really snug in the preview photo , but on my mini it looked like they were a little too big , or else this would 've gotten 5 stars from me = /
 very nice car cover perfect Fit for my mini cooper !!! fast shipping and very good price.Would highly recomend this to everyone !
 Great quality cover that fits my 2003 Mini Cooper S like a glove . I would recommend this seller and would purchase again from same if needed.Please note that this car cover , although described as an outdoor cover , IS NOT WATERPROOF !
 This ladder rack is n't the strongest one out there , but for all intents and purposes , it works as described . Like most telescopic designs , this rack is good enough for an extension ladder or two , but you definitely do n't want to load it up with building materials or anything . I would estimate that the most i 've had on these bars is about 100 lbs or so , with little to no sag . The finish is pretty impressive , kind of like a hammered greyish-black look.There is a little play between the inside and outside bars , and when you first install it , it seems flimsy , but once you fasten the bars together -LRB- you will need a drill and bit for this part of the install -RRB- , it tightens up pretty good.I would buy this product again if need be , its not the best , but for the price range , I really ca n't complain .
 Got these roof racks for my 1/4 ton work van at a great price on Amazon after doing some savvy internet price shopping . I am completely satisfied with my purchase . I mounted these within 45 minutes and only had to drill two holes in the racks themselves where they bolt together . Probably not a good set of racks if you plan on carrying loads over 400 lbs but they will be fine for about five or six ladders or any loads similar in weight . I am a commercial painter so these things were a must to have and have suited my needs perfectly .
 Is , just amazing how this product turn out , build real well and the powder coating is exellent material , looks good on my van . . and the price and service of amazon as well was excellente , less than twenty four hrs servicein front of my door . Keep the good work , Amazon
 Great price and OK function . A little tall but does the trick . Holds a ladder or 2x4 's . Easy to install and very stable .
 We bought 2 for one of our service vans . Im a plumbing contractor and we needed them for our standard cargo van.They work great .
 Stout set up , ez install , highly recommend , finished off the look I was going for , I really , really , like it .
 I really like this tip . Looks sharp and really cleans up the exhaust end .
 This video is very informative and covers a lot of the basics of operation and tuning . However if you are looking for detailed information on specific carburetors or how to tune your caburator for specific applications then this is not going to give that to you . However I like the video and would recommend it .
 I have an Austin Mini that has an oddball engine and uses 5/8 inch thread oil filters which are impossible to find . Most spin on oil filters in north america if not all use 3/4 inch thread . The old hollow stud for the oil filter comes out of the engine block and this once replaces it so you can buy 3/4 inch thread oil filters that are similar in size instead . Hopefully this review can help someone in a similar situation .
 I bought the SuperSprings SSA15 to provide additional support for my new truck camper . It is mounted on a Dodge 2500HD Quad Cab 4x4 with the Cummins TD engine . The camper is within the weight limits but winds caused it to sway . After installation I took a trip to Colorado -LRB- over 1500 miles -RRB- . Although I encountered winds of 50 + mph , I had no problems and the truck is very stable . The springs give me the equivalent capacity as a 3500 Dodge . The installation took a little time , but I wanted to make sure I had everything tightly fastened and torqued correctly . I recommend this product to anyone who needs to carry heavy loads . The SuperSprings work to provide additional load capacity , sway bars , and torque bars . The truck ride did not change when unloaded , but really rode well with the 1800 # camper loaded on-board .
 the mini cooper cover is very durable , easy to put on & take off . It fits perfectly & is very elegant .
 Thick soft and fairly easy to put on by self . One thing bad is tie down . I run a bungee cord from under so the high winds wo n't blow it off . The self contain bag is nice . Have to unscrew antenna no big deal . This has a good fit though.The price is good for quality of cover .
 Fits great and is of excellent quality . I used it in an effort to keep the Florida sun from fading my 2011 MINI Cooper and after two years the car is like new . A couple of things though ... When you wash it be sure to go to a commercial laundry and use the largest machine for the best results and follow the directions about laundering it to the letter . Do Not Put in the Dryer . It 's best dried on a line or over the car . I also opted for the MINI Car Cover Cable & Lock Set -LRB- OEM -RRB- as the coastal winds were sometimes whipping off the cover but after using the cable and lock I did n't have the problem any longer .
 fits perfect . very happy with my purchased . i have a 2012 convertible s model . was not hard to put on
 was impressed with fit of cover , and thickness of material , seems well made , nice touches through out , including storage bag and grommets for bungee cord to secure to car
 The car cover fits perfectly and is easy to take on and off . It 's a bit more expensive , bit it 's nice .
 Good product . Sets up easily and has a bag to stuff it in when not in use . Genuine Mini product at a cheaper price then Mini USA charges .
 An easy-to-use cover providing a perfect fit for the vehicle . Reflects heat . Stores in its own attached bag . I only wish I had another of this quality for my Jeep . Thanks !
 This was a great product ! Quick shipment ! Perfect fit for a 2003 Kx 125 big bore kit . Came with everything needed .
 I bought this product for my 2009 Scion XB . I wanted to use the roof rack to hold a cargo carrier bag full of stuff to take to the beach . I was skeptical that this roof rack would work since the Scion XB does not have a rain gutter . Other roof racks for the Scion were several hundred dollars and this roof rack was a fraction of the cost . To install the roof rack on the Scion XB , I had to pull down the rubber seal between the door and headliner . I was able to place the hook on the metal between headliner seal . It was simple to do and the hook fit nicely . I was afraid that the installation might damage the door seal , but the door seal snapped back in place after removing the roof rack . I was able to tighten the roof rack bars down so there was no movement at all . I thought I would have to use my ratchet tie-downs but they were not necessary . The cargo bag that I used had about 50 to 60 lbs of stuff tied to the roof rack . I had no problems traveling about 350 miles at 70 + mph . If you plan on using this roof rack to carry a cargo bag , I suggest that use some Duct tape and make sure that any loose straps of the bag are tied down . You should also take a narrow strip of Duct tape and tape down the rubber feet of the roof fact . This will ensure that the rubber feet do not fall off when you are putting the roof rack on your car on a windy day . This roof rack is a great value ! The best thing about the roof rack is that it can work on my 2007 Toyota Camry as well !
 I wanted a rood rack for the occasional transport of a kayak or two - and was horrified at the price of the `` top end '' roof racks . I recently talked to another kayaker who had this rack , and I was impressed with how well it fit her car ! When mine arrived , it took a little fussing to get everything adjusted the way I wanted - but once it 's strapped down , it 's VERY solid . The hold-down clips do n't fit my Ford Escape as neatly as they fit her Taurus -LRB- I may decide to bend them a bit -RRB- - but it 's still a solid installation.My friend had lost one of the pads off the feet - so when mine arrived , I just used some black electrical tape to secure the pads to the feet , just in case ... This is going to work just fine - at about a tenth of the price of a Yakima rack .
 For under $ 30 with super saver shipping this roof rack was exactly what I was looking for . They work great . For example , I can pick up modest amounts of lumber with my classic Mini . Ratchet tie down straps from Harbor Freight -LRB- $ 13 -RRB- completed the package for me . By un-doing one fastener each I can even put the racks in my Mini 's tiny trunk . Obviously a modest rack like this should not be used for very heavy loads , but I did n't expect them to handle that .
 They held up on a long journey from Massachusetts to Colorado . They took a bit of finesse to get them set up in a good position but it was n't an issue for me . The straps that hold them down look small but they held up well . I had about 300lbs riding on them . . They tend to &#34; kick &#34; outwards if you set them up backwards or to loosely .
 The ease of this carrier is absolutely incredible . I use this to carry 2 kayaks on my nissan and I am redy to go in a matter of minutes ! I use two straps through the doors to secure my kayaks . For the carrier , I simply close my doors and pull the straps don tight . Best product ever !
 It was good , it serves the purpose . Needed to modify a bit so as to create a 4 bar roof rack and it works .
 These pads are well constructed and fit the vehicle perfectly . Good braking with absolutely no fade.This is a buy again item if ever needed
 Just what I needed . I would rather use factory * AC Delco * when available . The price was right and shipping was a snap . I am aware that AC Delco is a tad more expensive than after-market ; however , in most cases , the item is a direct fit . Be sure to keep the receipt and the warranty card from the box , in case you wish to use the warranty .
 The title says it all . Fit like a dream , cost was GREAT , and the brakes are perfect replacements as they are made by my OEM .
 I 've purchased two sets of these now so I can get the entire car off the ground . For $ 34 you just ca n't do any better . The construction of the jacks is solid and the lift range -LRB- up to 17 '' -RRB- is unbeatable at this price . The only two things I would watch out for are :1 -RRB- The black paint tends to chip off as the jack is moved through the stand and `` clicks '' against the lock . I imagine as the paint comes off the jacks will be more prone to rust , so just keep them dry .2 -RRB- The edges at the bottom of the stand are somewhat sharp which means the pressure from the car is concentrated in a smaller area . If you 're working with a heavy car on softer ground -LRB- eg . asphalt -RRB- you may leave an imprint . I would recommend placing the jack stand on a solid surface such as a piece of plywood to prevent any damage to your driveway.Overall , great product , Amazon price , and as always free shipping !
 As others have said , this seems like a good , durable , inexpensive set of jack stands.The only thing I would note is the very top of the jackstand . I 've used others that have more of a flat top , which I prefer . These stands have a notch that fits the rim on the bottom of your car where most people place jackstands during use . If that sounds confusing , just look under your car , or in your car 's owner 's manual for directions on where to place jackstands . You 'll see what I 'm referring to.What I dislike with this product , however , is not the notch itself , but the way the rest of the top angles up and away from the notch , like a big `` V '' . On my car , this is a problem . Because of the sharp angle of the top of this jack , it hits a cross bar before the rim of my car is fully seated in the notch of the jack . As a result , I have to place the jack a little more towards the middle of the car than I would like . Not a big deal , but if the jack had a more flat top , this would n't be a problem .
 Not much to say , really
 I should it buy them long time ago , they sit perfect in my Tacoma , very light and easy to use for light repairs .
 I bought these because I was doing work on my van -LRB- Odyssey -RRB- that could n't be accomplished while on a jack or ramps . These are fairly heavy pieces and I do n't question their ability to hold the vehicle . So far I 've used them 3 times since purchase and they 're solid.Are they beautiful heirloom tools like some of the ones 3-5x their price ? No.Are they something that will outlast me ? Probably.Are they worth the modest price ? Definitely .
 I purchased this pump to use on a 2003 Mazda protoge with a 2.0 L FS engine . I was trying to eliminate a squeek on cold startups and decided it was either the water pump or timing belt and since the car had 101K mile on it I decided to replace both . I chose the Bosch because of the reputation as well as it is a brand new part and not a remaned . Installation was straight forward and the pump came with all the gaskets and dust shields needed . After getting the old pump off I could tell the bearing was starting to drag on the old unit so I made the right choice in replacing it . If you are consiering a timing belt replacement for a mazda protege go ahead and replace the water pump . You have to remove the timing belt to do it so you might as well save the trouble of tearing it apart twice .
 Purchased the window deflectors to match the front hood deflector and sunroof deflector . Installation took only minutes . The front window deflectors do not use adhesives . Instead , the deflector relies on the tension of the bar against the window to hold the deflector in place . The rear window reflector have adhesive strips built in , which requires removing the adhesive cover to fit into place . I recommend first prepping the window channel by taking a dry clean cloth and removing dirt prior to installation . Best when installing these deflectors on a warm sunny day.It is important to allow the windows to open and close 5 times , this helps seat the deflector inside the window channel . Then wait 24 hours before opening the window.I do not see too much of a difference in wind deflection when the window is fully retracted . But if you open the window 1 inch -LRB- with distance equivalent to the width of the deflector -RRB- , you see the benefit of the deflector at high speeds .
 I bought these to increase the payload capability of my 2005 Chevy Colorado . Installation required only a couple jacks , a few simple wrenches , and about 2 hours of my time.I went from being able to take a payload of 500 lbs and nearly doubled it . Also , when not loaded , the ride height of the rear is increase about an inch . The ride in the rear is also a bit stiffer and rolls less in corners.All things I was looking for . Great solution for my problem at a good price .
 i oreded this item and it was shipped out the same day and shipped over 400 miles and got to me the next day . never happened before im gon na buy from them every chance i can .
 MINI Cooper factory OEM Outdoor Car Cover fits great and is of excellent quality . I used it in an effort to keep the Florida sun from fading my 2011 MINI Cooper and after two years the car is like new . A couple of things though ... When you wash it be sure to go to a commercial laundry and use the largest machine for the best results and follow the directions about laundering it to the letter . Do Not Put in the Dryer . It 's best dried on a line or over the car . I also opted for this MINI Car Cover Cable & Lock Set -LRB- OEM -RRB- as the coastal winds were sometimes whipping off the cover but after using the cable and lock I did n't have the problem any longer .
 This cable does its job ... keeps the cover on the car and gives thieves something to think about before going through the trouble of using cable-cutters or cutting the cover . The lock is okay , but a little too light to slide under the car with cable end . Went with a slightly larger Master lock with plastic covering ... size limited to hole in cable end . The larger lock allows the cable end to slide under the car to the other side better .
 These feeler gauges in came in real handy when I checked the clearance on the valves for my 2.2 Toyota . Excellent service and price .
 These feeler gauges with the bend in them work very nicely on my Accords for adjusting the valves . Mine arrived nice and shiny new . Excellent value and work well .
 This mirror is great to use for both toddlers and babies . I bought one when my first child was born so I could see him from the front seat since he was rear facing . There was numerous times where I was able to react to my childs needs just by looking in the mirror . When he moved to forward facing I just moved the mirror by my rear view mirror so I could see him . Now that I have another baby that 's rear facing I purchased another one . I highly recommend them as they allow you to see your children while safely driving .
 Bought these to stick on the back window of our element . It allows us to see how close we are to things when backing up.Suction cup on one is still holding after 6 months . The other one fell off shortly after placing it . Very helpful for filling in blind spots if the suction holds up .
 A very easy to use and practical baby/child mirror . it works well , and is easily adjustable so that the driver and/or passenger can get a clear view on the chldren sitting in the back seat .
 The mirror fits well and does what it should . My first issue is that with the mirror on the sunshade I cant flip the shade up with the mirror in that position . The second issue is my son appears far away in the mirror . Aside from these two things I like the purchase .
 I put this little mirror right above my rear view mirror using the suction cup . I can see both kids in the back seat . The mirror is a little smaller that I expected , but it fits fine and serves it purpose . I had to get a new `` kid mirror '' because my old Eddie Bauer -LRB- one of those that has straps that hangs onto your existing rear view mirror -RRB- was too small to fit over the rearview mirror on my new car .
 Nothing wrong with this feeler gauge . Still `` Made in the USA '' which is a big PLUS ! Has the brass blade for ignition work .
 I used it on my Trek 7.2 -LRB- which just got stolen unfortunately -RRB- my helmet and even a refrigerator that I put curbside for recycling so no one would hit it at night ... . ok so I was looking for something else to put the tape on . I usually over buy stuff ... . Great product . Easy to put on , easy to store , easy to use , looks great . The helmet was stolen too . When I get the insurance check I will buy more tape . The theif busted through 3 locks in locked security cage of my new `` luxury '' condo . I guess the developer should n't advertise `` luxury '' it makes us targets . At least he or she will not get hit at night riding my bike and using my helmet .
 I used the power slot rotors along with some Hawk Performance Pads , also purchased through Amazon to go on my wife 's 1999 Honda CR-V . The purchase and delivery was efficient , installation went smoothly and she 's happy with the braking performance.I used the same combination on my daughter 's Subaru Impreza and several fleet vehicles from work . All drivers are very happy .
 This one replaced the Fram filter in my car . Before install I examined this filter as thoroughly as I could and also compared it in physical/look/feel features to the Fram it was replacing . In terms of paper height and folds per inch , it 's exactly the same as the Fram . In terms of paper thickness , hard to tell exactly as I only had a used one to compare this with but the paper definitely feel sturdy enough and even might be sturdier -LRB- or stiffer -RRB- than the Fram it was replacing -LRB- but that could be also because Fram was a used one -RRB- . In terms of the foamy feet , the Fram has foamier and more rubbery feel than this one . I 'm not sure though if that 's any advantage or disadvantage but that 's the biggest difference -LRB- of course aside from the color -RRB- .
 The filter does the job it 's supposed to do , easy to install and fits perfectly my '94 Mustang . It 's probably just me , but the car feels zippier after the oil change -LRB- spark plugs , oil , air and fuel filters included -RRB- . Please , do n't overlook maintenance cycles and your car will reward you with reliability and performance .
 Fits perfect and you cant beat the price.Couldnt see any difference in the two except for the color.Save yourself some money !
 Was alittle unsure about buying car parts from amazon but I took a chance and two years later its stilling doing the job . I am very pleased and would recommend this product !!
 At first i thought they would suck then put them on with Ac delco rotors , noi noise or sqeak . They were a liuttle hard putting on but just to hides and they went on and perform is just great ! They were a great deal and you cant beat a good deal .
 This pump is used in the Chrysler 2.7 motors . It is an internal style pump that is contained in the timing chain area . Any leakage of this pump would allow coolant into the oil . I have installed two of these and have no issues . This is one application where you DO N'T want to go cheap on the water pump ! Water pump leakage leads to oil sludging , and engine failure on these motors . Buy the best you can afford .
 The first order was totally destroyed by the goons at UPS . -LRB- Photos on file with Curt -RRB- . It was unrepairable . Amazon was very on the ball with a RMA shipping label . The replacement came in two days . The goons bent this hitch also , but not as bad . However with a block and tackle , it was installed.Suggestion to send UPS goons to remedial reading class so they can decipher `` This end UP '' !
 Nice quality heavy duty steel , very nice finish . Fit 1994 Ford F-150 . Easier to install than I originally thought , just have a good set of drill bits , a couple of large `` C '' clamps , and a floor jack ready . Did n't even need to remove spare tire for the installation . The metal plates that hold the carrige bolts make the installation easier and allow you to tighten the nuts with a single wrench . Great idea !
 I installed the Curt 13310 on my 2000 Dodge Ram full size 1/2 ton pickup . The instructions said I might need to adjust the bumper and that I would have to drill some 1/2 '' bolt holes . I did n't need to do either . Everything fit perfectly . I installed this hitch by myself in about 20 mins . It could n't have been easier . I recommend putting thread locker on the bolts before you tighten them . The hitch looks great . The only thing visible from the back of the truck is the receiver part . And best of all , it 's made in the good old USA .
 Receiver fit my 99 Dodge Ram 1500 without any drilling . Went on without a hitch and has worked well so far . Thread locker does help on the bolts , and the washers holding the top in place is very nice for securing the receiver to the frame .
 The side rail was bent so I had to straighten it out . Otherwise , it was a perfect fit and very easy to install . It appears to be well-made , also .
 It fit my 1998 dodge ram 1500 perfectly . Had to ream a few holes out , but went on like a breeze . .
 This hitch was a joy to install . It clearsthe tire carrier hook , fits perfect , and looksgood . I highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent hitch . Box had a hole in it when I received it , but everything was intact . Not much you can say about it , other than it is heavy duty and works fine .
 I ` am 67 years old and i put this hitch on myself . It went on just like they said , and the hardware they sent made the mounting job very easy . thank you Curt manufacturing . . I would rate this hitch a 10 . .
 Look like fairly good quality , but are made in China unfortunately . . They have been on my Tacoma for about 2-3 months now with no problems . .
 Easy to apply . Only been applied for a couple weeks . So far , looking good ! Great for cars , helmets , boats , motorcycles
 Great price for this product ... will say the boxes that it shipped in were destroyed before the product made it to my house ... but the product seemed to be ok despite that .
 Very pleased with the product that I received and would definitely buy it again and would recommend it to others .
 According to Amazon , this spark plug does not fit my ATV . However this is the exact same spark plug that came in my 2007 Yamaha Big Bear 400 4x4 from the factory . It is also the spark plug called for in my owners manual .
 What can you say about a Spark Plug . It worked great and was delivered on time .
 Was n't sure where to find this plug for an old Honda three wheeler and did not want to drive 20 miles to the dealer . For $ 4.00 and change it was delivered to my door . Three wheeler runs fine and deserved a new plug after fifteen years on the last one .
 These are the best spark plugs for most motorcycles . They do n't make the iridium for my motorcycle so I ca n't compare them .
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 I 've had this for going on five years . It 's a very comfortable shift and a quality product . It 's a bit expensive , but you get what you pay for ; the leather is nice and it feels smooth in your hand . Not as ergonomic as I felt the product description let on ... but maybe that 's just me . Nothing on mine has peeled or cracked or worn in any unpleasant or undesirable way .
 I liked it , made a big difference , but every micro-crack in my black car was highlighted by it , otherwise , easy to use , and a great product .
 This stuff is simply amazing ! I have been using it for the last 6 years and I have found no better product for protecting my cars finish . Extremely easy to use - it goes on and polishes off effortlessly . The glossy shine it gives my car is incredible . If I 'm feeling really frisky I 'll first polish my car with this product and then put on a coat of P21S carnauba wax -LRB- also sold here on Amazon -RRB- . It makes my little blue Honda look like a glowing sapphire . You can go to a big box store or discount house and get cheaper polish but why put junk on your baby when you can put on the best for just a little more .
 I needed to replace the filter my recently purchased 2002 Jaguar S-Type . I 've used many Wix products over the years because they have always been reasonably priced and performed well . This one is no different . It fit the slot as expected -LRB- thanks , Jag , for making that slot so hard to get to -RRB- and seems to be doing its job.As noted by the other reviewer here , this filter does not fit the 2003 and newer Jaguar S-Types . You need Wix filter 24757 for those cars .
 I was very satisfied with the service that I received . They were prompt in telling me that part of my order was on backorder and kept me informed of when it would be shipped
 Hands down , the BEST rain guards on the market - sure they 're more than the cheapo stick on types but these are meant to fit your specific vehicle and stay put . I have them and have had them on all of my vehicles . Very durable -LRB- as in not flimsy -RRB- , do n't fade , stay in place without moving around , never fall out . They are easy to clean and are very effective at keeping the rain out -LRB- I smoke and always have the windows open or cracked -RRB- and I have never had one chip , crack , brek or get lost . Get them - tou 'll love them too !
 I was worried when they came and the driver and passenger deflectors did n't have adhesive ... That was until I actually installed the item and saw it was n't necessary . Installation was easy . They look really good . Much better than the exterior stick on ones . They look like they are apart of the vehicle ... very streamline ! Uploaded a photo . Highly recommended .
 Have a Ural , Gear-Up motorcycle with a sidecar and needed some type of handguard to keep the wind off my hands and help keep my hands warm . And , a little off road protection is a bonus . The Moose Large Handguards were the largest guards I could find , they fit and work Great !
 You can never really tell how big one of these things is in a picture so I am always a little worried about what I 'm getting . Well , no worries about this bag . It is large enough and then some . I have my boots , 3 jerseys , 3 pants , 2 pairs of gloves , 2 sets of hip pads , kidney belt , 2 neoprene elbow braces , 1 hinged knee brace , extra underwear and socks , changing carpet , chest protector , and 2 helmets with goggles , all in this bag . -LRB- Yes , 2 helmets ! -RRB- All pockets are vented , the bag is durable , and with all I have in it , it is still comfortable to carry using either the handles or the shoulder strap . Definitely a great bag for the price !!!
 This air filter fit my Lexus LS430 2004 model very well . Great quality and it made in Poland ! I bought for only $ 14.95 !!!
 This filter is a great replacement and a heck of alot cheaper than the factory filter and $ 80.00 to install it when all you have to do is open the glove compartment remove the protective guard slip out the old and slide in the new . Also if the idiot light comes on all you have to do is press and hold either the Auto Off or the climate button . Is n't it good being old you forget everything .
 Was concerned about this kit when I took all the parts out of the package and it stated that I needed to break tabs off of it , and not use most of the included pieces . Did what it said , mounted it before even getting in the car as well as put on the wiring harness adapter and antennae adapter that was suggested during the purchase , pulled up a video online on how to install the stereo in the car . Took longer to put it in the adapter and harness than put it in the car . Looks fantastic , sturdy fit and looks and performs like it was a professional install . Would definitely use again if needed .
 Excellent product , and the Amazon deal -LRB- free shipping and a large price drop -RRB- made it a no brainer . The unit is a rugged , very flexible charger from a major company in the business . The de-sulfinization -LRB- or is it de-sulfation ? -RRB- battery conditioning feature can bring back a battery you would otherwise have to replace -LRB- I 've used it successfully already -RRB- , and the 65 amp boost mode can start a car with a weak battery that you would otherwise have to jump -LRB- used that too . -RRB- I 'm very satisfied with this unit , it 's light years ahead of anything near the price I paid that I would find at Sears ...
 I finally had to upgrade my old faithful 35-year-old Schumacher 6 amp charger - not because it quit working , but because it did n't have enough horsepower to handle the big 105 ampere-hour trolling motor battery in my boat . I wanted a higher capacity unit , but with the same solidly built reliability I 've experienced with my old Shumacher charger . This unit was priced quite a bit less than some other brands with similar capability , so I was a little afraid Schumacher , like many companies , might have gone the `` cheap '' route with their products by using a lightweight case and cheap components . Not so ! I was pleasantly surprised to find this is a solid , heavy , well built charger in the best Schumacher tradition . Well designed with a very stout plastic cabinet with pop-up carrying handle , informative and easy to use front panel controls , and nice features like automatic no-spark battery connecting/disconnecting even if you forget to unplug it first , plus automatic polarity protection , and a looong power cord with a handy place to store the cord . I found only a single minor negative
 This is a special battery charger . It is a speed charger as the name implies . The best feature is that it senses when a battery is `` sulfated `` and the 6500a kicks into `` De-sulfation '' mode . Once that is done , it tries to charge the battery . However all too often batteries are neglected and not recoverable.But the 6500a is a great tool in keeping your batteriesin shape . Also the 6500a has a starting mode and an altenator output tester.Great -LRB- best -RRB- price from Amazon .
 Works fast and good . This is a great charger . Anybody can use this . The voltmeter and % of battery indicator is nice , I do n't have to check the battery with my multi-meter . Hav n't used the alternator tester yet but have no doubt it works . By far the best charger I 've seen and used . However it is noisy , but who needs total silence in a garage .
 This thing works great . A friend had purchased a Black & Decker smart charger which had piqued my interest in getting a smart charger . I found this one from Schumacher which I decided to purchase over the B&D because of brand quality . You can do a lot with this thing and it 's small -LRB- read the description -RRB- . You can even jump a small engine . I would n't try on a big truck or a diesel in the cold -LRB- with this model at least -RRB- . My biggest complaint is that the cables for the leads get stiff in the cold below -10 F and worry me that they will crack . That may not concern many people though . I 've used it to charge car batteries my boat battery and jump start a car .
 the unit is very easy to use and has worked well with most all of what got hooked up to it . A manual mode for batteries that are very dead would be a plus .
 I love the different displays . You can display it by battery percentage , voltage , etc. . A lot better than the other ones I 've used . Wo n't overcharge the battery either .
 I 've only had this unit for about a month but use it nearly every day to charge storage batteries and solar power batteries if the sun is n't doing it 's job well enough.To jump through all the hype , all you need to do is connect the charger 's clamps , select your battery type -LRB- regular , deep cycle , agm/gel -RRB- , select the charge range , which determines the initial voltage , -LRB- small battery , regular battery , engine start -RRB- and that 's it.The size , in standard terms , is about 9-inches square and 5-inches tall ... in case you are n't able to convert from metric -LRB- listed in the ad -RRB- . The digital display shows the charging voltage at the clamps but you can toggle the push-button to display the percent charge of the battery , or the percent output of your alternator if you are testing that . It 's real handy to check on the battery percent charge to see how charging is going ... I get antsy after a while and like to know where I stand on the charge ... it 's a guy thing I guess.I have two other Schumacher chargers , all smaller capacity , but I like the automatic functions of this one , and the display takes the guesswork out of your charging progress .
 Bought this charger to keep on my Mustang in storage for the BRUTAL winter in Michigan . Hooked it up , analyzed the battery and this charger has performed very well . Kept the battery charged and maintained . Definately a good buy .
 My Schumacher battery charger , vintage early 70 's finally died . So obviously my first choice was to get another Schumacher . With a little online research I settled on the SC-6500A . This is really the largest capacity I needed . I was very impressed with the size and light weight . The performance has been flawless . I thought I had a truck battery that was not salvageable , but this charger performed the desulfate step and then the battery fully charged . Same thing for a smaller old motorcycle battery that I thought I was going to have to replace . Outstanding product !!
 Works exactly as advertised . Great value for the money . For occasional use , you ca n't do better .
 This is a compact unit that seems to be working the way I hoped it would.Like the flatter horizontal shape that will not tip over like previous ones that I have had.Not fully sure if if is charging batteries to `` full '' charge , though.I use it mainly on sealed deep cycle RV batteries and do not travel in winter months so will have a better perspective come warmer weather
 i do n't know brand names very well , but my hubby requested this brand & was elated to receive the automatic features this model offers .
 I purchased this to replace a cheap WalMart unit I bought years ago . I have used it on all sorts of batteries including giant diesel engine batteries , and small spiral cell Optima batteries . The jump start function also provides enough juice to get the job done for anything other than a totally dead diesel battery -LRB- but even that kicked over after a brief charge -RRB- . What can I say , it works well , charges quickly , and looks good . The price on Amazon makes it a great deal .
 Unit gets a lot of use on a multitude of different batteries and has performed very well . Ca n't think of a job this unit could n't perform . Again , Amazon beats everyone , in information before the sale and service after .
 Great charger that works very quickly . Very impressed with the lcd readouts that gave me an indication of the percent complete and the current voltage level . Charger automatically shut off when complete . Think construction of the product is very good . Overall I highly recommend this charger for its speed and effective charge that really held .
 This is a great battery charger that you need if you have a boat and trolling motor . High quality and easy to use .
 Does a good job for what it was designed for ... did have some trouble `` recognizing '' certain types of batteries
 This unit has done everything I expected of it and it was not overly expensive , considering the features .
 Works just as I expected . Amazon packaging was horrible . I had to re-assemble it before I could use it . I hope Amazon has improved their packaging of this heavy item .
 Having a boat sitting most of the year was the main reason for this charger . but so far when the car batteries act up it quickly gets you going . tells you the battery % of full charge the voltage and even lets you know if the alternator is charging the battery . setting for multiple battery types big easy to read LEDS . So far this year it has been used for 3 different cars . It even lets you know if your battery is Junk . and time to replace . Dead Cell problems .
 Great to keep in the garage . Works just like it says it will . Used it to jump a car battery zapped by extreme winter temps ... did it within five minutes . The only downfall is that the electrical cord is very short . If I had to do it over again for convenience sake , I may have went with something that held a charge so that it could be taken with you/and you did n't have to carry an extension cord at all times . Still worth having though !
 Heavy duty , quality looking hitch cover . Looks great on my husband 's truck - he loves it ! Highly recommend this Steeler hitch !
 Bought it for a birthday present very sturdy . Would buy something like it again . Looks very nice still and have had it while
 Looks great on my truck . Shines up easily when it gets dirty . Good snug fit on to the hitch so no rattling
 Fits well and well made . Not too heavy or too light . Have owned for about a year and no fading or problems . Go Steelers !
 Unfortunately this is the second time I had to buy one of these . The product is solid and I 've been very happy with it . I bought the deadbolt lock so that it would n't be stolen but it disappeared anyway . I think I may have lost it in a car wash . So , I ordered another one . It came but was missing the hardware . I was able to ship it back and get another one without any problems . It 's a very solid steel -LRB- heavy -RRB- item and definitely worth the purchase !
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday and he immediately put it on his truck . He was thrilled with it and it was a good present for a football fan .
 The first time this trailer hitch came to my house it did not have the Steelers potion in the package . I contacted them via e-mail and a new one was immediately shipped out and I shipped the old one back . The packaged was sealed and all the parts were inside . The emblem itself looks great . I actually gave this to my dad for a gift so I have n't seen it on his truck yet , so I ca n't speak to it 's ease/difficulty of hooking up .
 Even though it did n't show it was for my van it worked just fine and I did n't have to modify.Dodge Grand Caravan 2005
 The large national auto parts chain that has a name that sounds like `` Otto Zoan '' did not have this part and said it was dealer-only . This bulb is a replacement that fits my 2007 Grand Caravan SXT . It is a perfect replacement . Sorry Otto .
 I have been without the front map lights for over a year . I found the replacement bulb on Amazon for a great price and got them super fast . I should have done this a long time ago !!
 My 2008 Town and country mini van goes through these bulbs like crazy so this was a great deal !!! Easy to put in also !
 This was the exact bulb I needed to replace the map lights in my 07 Grand Caravan . Autozone did n't have them . I 'm just happy to not have to go to the dealer .
 I had my 2007 Dodge Caravan at the dealers , and asked that one of the reading lights over the dash be replaced . I had removed the lense and the bruned out bulb . The total cost of the bulb plus installation was $ 34.58 . A short time later the second bulb on the other side burned out . I purchased a replacement from Amazon at a cost of $ 9.17 . I insatalled the bulb in less than a minute and it works fine.It 's great to have an organization such as Amazon!Bert
 Fixed both map lights in my 2005 Grand Caravan with this ! Do n't pay dealer prices ! This is an exact fit . Took about 2 minutes to install and I was done.This guide will show you how to replace the bulbs
 Great price , exactly what we needed , and received the item quickly . I order most of my items from Amazon because of the things I mentioned above . We only needed one miniature lamp but decided to order two because it was so reasonable . I 'm glad we did because the other dashboard lamp went out a week later . However I knew where to go if I had only ordered one . I could n't locate the lamp locally when I came to my senses and ordered it from Amazon . Thanks Amazon for being there everytime I 've needed specialty items .
 I own a 2001 Dodge Grand Caravan Sport , and this bulb worked fantastic . I finally have light where there has been none over the last few years . Getting the plastic push button cover off is the most difficult part , but can be done with a small screwdriver inserted halfway down the side of it . Once you done that , simply twist out the old bulb , and twist in the new ... viola ! Lights !
 These deflectors are well made and fit perfectly . Well worth the extra cost for a well-designed quality product . I recommend these deflectors over the cheap stick-on type .
 WeatherTech 82288 Dark Smoke Front and Rear Window DeflectorThis is a great product . It was easy to install and looks great .
 I had been trying to find this product in stores with no luck . Turned to the internet and found what I was looking for . I have my own but wanted one for each of my girls . I know they will love them as I do .
 Every bit as good as OEM filter and a whole lot less money ! Do n't waste your money having this installed at the dealer . It took removal of three screws and 5 minutes to complete the change out .
 Wix 24869 Cabin Air Filter for select Cadillac models , Pack of 1Old Filter was filthy and grimy , looks like the previous owner did not know that he need it to change the cabin filter every 15k miles or so . My Cadillac is now smelling fresh and I now enjoy a clean auto cabin . Great product and well made , it when in with out a hitch . 20 minutes tops to put in .
 quality replacement filter , with a WIX filter you ca n't go wrong . I use WIX filters on all of my construction equipment & tractors.It was hard to remove the plastic cover over the filter on the SRX Not much room to release the tabs on the sides . but once removed swapping the filter was easy .
 I have # 4 guage welding cable as battery jumper cables . The old clamps were from a 16 or 18 gauge wire set , and just did n't cut it.These were relatively easy to attach and now they connect without a problem for easy current flow .
 Purchased as replacement clamps for my portable jumpstarter box -LRB- originals were plastic and broke during use in cold weather -RRB- . These are coated metal -LRB- one each black/red -RRB- . One set of teeth on each can be removed using a screwdriver , giving access to feed the wire through the handle , and into the fastening point on the teeth and clamp it down . Other teeth are riveted in -LRB- only negative comment is that these seem to wiggle a bit , but it still looks solid -RRB- . Installation was fairly easy , but you might want to use a vice to clamp the cable to the fastening points on the teeth .
 I purchased four sponges for a picnic relay race . Mail order is awesome for this sort of thing as I drove nowhere - saved on gas and had these delivered free of shipping charges within a day of my order . Anyhow - I used them for a `` Survivor-like '' challenge and I needed sponges for this water event . They were durable and following 30 minutes of wringing and squeezing by 20 + folks they still look brand new and are now in my laundry room ready for their next use .
 With delco OEM replacement plugs i was getting 17/23 -LRB- cty/hwy -RRB- MPG on my 2.4 L grand am -LRB- and during the 140k miles I changed the plugs 3 times with OEM parts and same bad gas mileage each time . -RRB- With these plugs and a performance air filter I am getting 23/30 ! Oh the money I could of saved getting these 7 years ago!Get them , you wo n't regret it !
 Very nice plug.I put these in a 2001 Cadillac Eldorado , Northstar V8.I 've driven 3000 miles , I 'm getting 25 to the gallon , and the car is running great.I 'm very pleased . These might seem pricey , but they are actually reasonable compared to other premium Iridium Plugs for luxury vehicle applications.I would buy these again , and will be looking at NGK Iridium when I buy plugs for my other rides .
 I use NGK 's in my boat , and I have friends that race cars on dirt tracks , and everybody agrees , they last longer and are just plain better than any plug out there .
 These plugs have MORE Iridium than Denso , they will last longer!I only used these plugs one time , back in 2007 when I owned a Ford Taurus . From the first time I turned the key over , it started faster , idled better and ran great ! I drive a Corolla and a Saturn now so I ca n't run these in either of those cars as they do n't even make the plug for them , but I highly recommend these plugs for superior performance and long life .
 I went against several `` expert '' opinion in terms of using NGK spark plug in a Chevy C-3500 Dually which had AC-Delco Platinum in its 7.4 liter big block . I was told it would have performance issues , miss fire etc. . Well , I have none of that after having driven almost 1000 miles & my engine sounds more effortless across all rpm.I was able to get 440 miles out of a full tank of gas which took 33.5 gallons to fill-up ; this translates to 13.13 mpg . Thats about 1.6 mpg better than I 'm use to getting with the stock AC Delco plug . -LRB- I run 5w-20 Mobile-1 synthetic , that helps too -RRB- Word to the wise
 It NGK so its a top quality product . i put it in my GMC and my fuel effiency went up by 125 miles , my ac/delco 's were on thier last firing pin . what a differnce new plugs and wires made . no stall , no sputtering .
 NGK plugs for my 1999 Taurus . Nothing but NGK . Best plugs on the market bar none .
 Have had on my Explorer for 2 years now . It was an easy install and still looks brand new after 2 years ! OK ... . I anmit to only 10K miles and it stays garaged , but great product !
 We have been looking for something like this for a long time now . We had actually got quotes from the dealership to put an actual luggage rack on my car -LRB- Ford Fusion -RRB- . With all the traveling we do with 2 kids and 2 dogs we had to do something . This rack looked like what I needed , for far less money -LRB- a great value -RRB- , so I bought it . The shipping was pretty fast . I just recieved it today , a week ahead of what was expected . We put it together and mounted it on my car just to check it out . It fits perfectly . I read reviews before my puchase just to be sure I was buying something good , if not great . A lot of people complained either about the pads on the feet falling off or the metal brackets that hook to the door jam . EASY things to fix now that I see how it 's put together . I 'm gon na buy some black rtv for the pads . They wont fall off after that . Someone on here suggested just putting a sock over the foot . That is a great idea as well . As for the brackets for the doors , if these ones just do n't fit , as all cars are not the same so some will have an issue , for $ 7.00 you can buy brackets for your specific car . I ca n't wait to take my next trip with my new rack !!!!!!
 I bought the carrier to help carry a few sets of skis and give us a bit more room on a 6 hour ski trip . Overall I was happy with it . I had some trouble getting the strap hooks attached to my Ford Edge , but that is really more of a problem with the car and the shape of the door jamb -LRB- it has no gutters -RRB- . A bit of tweaking helped with the clips and they did hold for the entire trip , but I also added a cargo strap looped through the entire rack and through the rear seat doors of the car itself just to give me a bit more confidence that it was n't going anywhere . Because my roof is all glass -LRB- Edge Panoramic roof -RRB- I added layer of extra dense foam insulation under each foot to help soften them even more and accommodate the angle that the foot rests against the roof , but I really do n't know if that was necessary . I also removed the larger upper loops of the rack -LRB- actually just never attached them -RRB- as I did n't need them.The main `` feet '' are plastic but seem heavy enough - and the rubber feet on them can come loose , but a rubber band around them will prevent losing them . Be sure to attach the straps as shown in the instructions -LRB- otherwise I can see them snapping -RRB- . Overall , a good deal for the price .
 its a great roof rack for traveling i traveled 3200 miles with no problem ! the only thing is that it makes a whistling sound when going more than 40 m.p.h , its safe and secure ! it fit almost perfect on my 02 chrysler 300m . made small adjustment and took off . my average speed was 70 mph .
 pads on rack want to fall off the foot when pressure is not applied , clips not fasten like they say , but with the door closed it does not move . all in all it works fine for the money .
 I bought this for my boyfriends '02 Jetta , and it was too big . We could n't find a way to take the antenna off -LRB- like it shows on the pic on the box -RRB- . We tried putting it on with the antenna , and it just sat too far forward that we did n't feel that it would be safe to drive . It looked like it was a really good product , but we could n't get the antenna off of the car to make it work . One of my friends has one on her mini van and LOVES it !
 This carrier fits my 1999 RAV4 like a glove and does it 's job very well .
 This is a great roof top basket carrier . It attaches securely to our car and is great for additional storage space .
 This rack will serve my purpose , which is a single journey across the country . If it lasts longer than that , then all the better.The weak spot is the plastic feet , which both support the rack and are the attachment for the straps . In the long run , I will devise a stronger substitute for these . In the short run , an extra ratchet strap -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- around the whole rack , through the two back doors and under the roof will give me all the extra security I need , just in case.Other than that , construction is good . Simple but strong enough hollow square bars , attached by sufficiently beefy bolts and lock nuts .
 It works as it should . The straps stay tight during the whole trip . The rubber pads are n't the tightest fit on the feet but that just is an issue when the rack is stored . Not a big deal but worth mentioning so you can make sure they are there before putting it on the car . Very light weight and sturdy .
 Easy to assemble and it fits nice and snug to the roof of my Hyundai Elantra and my sisters Mitsubishi Lancer . I bought 2 of these . The only problem we 've encountered is when it rains , the straps allow water to leak inside the door . 4 little pieces of sticky weather strip do the trick though . This this works great besides that .
 My husband and I purchased this item before going on vacation . Arrived very fast ! Item as described !! Very reasonably price !!! Very easy to assemble and to put on top of car !! We used this rack to travel over 1000 miles and never had a problem . We have a 2008 Mazda 5 with no racks on top and this one worked great ! We used the waterproof bag with this and they both worked very well together ! This rack is well made when we strapped this rack down it would n't budge !! The only complaint that I have -LRB- and maybe there is a reason for it -RRB- is the four bottom rubber shoes are not attached to the rack itself but , this can be easily fixed ! Before you put the rack on the top of a car you should really attach them so you do not loose them . -LRB- one person suggested using socks to help keep them in place -RRB- Other then that it was well worth the money and our kids were very happy because , they had plenty of room inside the car and were able to be comfortable . Great investment especially for families with children who travel !! Also great because , we will have it for future trips !!!
 This little rack can pack a lot of gear and you hardly know it 's there . It did n't make a lot of noise like other racks I have had have done in the past . My only concern was that the feet did n't fit the roof of my SUV very well , so I just duct taped some foam padding and put kids socks its little feet and ... Voila ! Perfect .
 We got this because we were renting a car to go over the hill , over the day , to grandmother 's house for Christmas . Rental in mind , I got this for it 's `` universal '' factor . The rack worked great and did not cause any damage to the rental car , * but * ... it appears the word `` universal '' is synonymous with `` rain gutters '' . This is the reason we do n't have a full compliment of stars . Oh , and if you 're wondering how I got the rack on without the benefit of rain gutters ... yeah ... um ... -LRB- close your ears rent-a-car places -RRB- , I ran a tie-down line through the car with the doors open and ratcheted it down , then closed the doors on the line . A bit noisy due to the wind whistling through the lines as well as the gap in the door , but we got to grandma 's and back without a hitch .
 I was a little skeptical as to how an 800 mile journey across the southwest with a removable roof top carrier would work out . This thing stayed on with a large heavy highland bag . We drove through Arizona where there were 65-75 mph head/cross winds hitting us directly . This carrier stayed on and was very stable . The only thing was that the straps came loose a couple of times . I eventually tightened them all as much as possible and duct taped the excess strap and there was n't a problem after that with them coming loose . Also the feet were difficult to be placed completely flush with the roof and the bottom rubber shoes kept coming loose . But as for this thing working in the condition it did , I recommend it , because that was almost worse case scenario and I made it . Assembly was easy also . The frame is very sturdy .
 it fits well , folds up doe storage . would recommend it to anyone who needs a roof carrier . Thumbs up !
 Product came in the originial manufactures box with no outter box for delivery protection . However , it did come on time as indicated . The overall product is good , but the footpads are of low quality and did n't sit on the roof top flush . The rubber soles for the footpads are of very cheap quality and kept coming off the foot pad . The basket it self was easy to put together and held tight with the lock bolts and nuts . It secured to the roof top with need extra tension on the cords . It sreved its purpose , but would look for one that fits my car better .
 Almost everything worked great for this product ! It held strong and in place plus the size really did fit alot of stuff ! . The only downfall was that the little rubber feet are on the top of the car fall off easily so that was my biggest problem that I had .
 My family and I , 5 of us , like to head to the beach for the summer . We only own sedans , which makes hauling boogie boards and beach chairs for everyone a bit difficult . Using this carrier along with a `` car roof bag '' solved the problem . It keeps items off the roof and allows us to bring all of our beach stuff along . It is sturdy and stays in place relatively well . It made a 900 mile round trip without any problems . A previous roof top carrier I owned had one of the legs snap during a trip and scratched up the roof of my car . For some reason it had a flex joint in the legs . The legs on this one is solid and very thick and strong .
 I bought this rack for a vacation this summer , not knowing what I was recieving , but knowing I did not pay alot for it . The rack arrived in a short period of time , and I sat down to put it together . Everything worked well on assembly until I went to put on the last leg , the tubing was not predrilled for the last leg . I bought a 1/4 '' drill bit and drilled my own hole and it worked fine . When I placed the rack on my car , it did not fit on the top entirely flush so instead of the tape and insulation that someone mentioned here , I used the drill bit to `` slightly '' enlarge the holes in the frame toward the center of the rack . It fit really well after that . The lose rubber pads , I siliconed to the footings to hold them on and so far so good . I am looking forward to my trip now knowing we will have plenty of room to lay down and take a nap , as well as having some room for a few things we pick up along the way . I would not hesitate buying this product again should the need arise . Just got back , 3,000 miles , the rack did it 's job and stayed on the car well . The silicon kept the feet on and they never fell off , great rack and it just folds up for storage .
 for the price , this roof rack is well worth it . i wish my car had the right kind of doors , so i would n't have to use other ways to secure it to my roof , since it will leak a bit if it rains . if you have the right kind of doors on your car , you would rate this a five star . i went from an suv to a smaller car , so on roadtrips , i needed some extra storage . I fit 2 large rubbermaid containers and secured them on the roof rack for my storage containers . there was a bit of wind resistance felt at times , but that would be with anything you put on your roof . the rubber feet did no damage at all to my roof . i even have a sun roof and was able to position the rack so it did not sit directly on the glass . it was easy to put together , too .
 For the price , you can not beat this rack . It was simple to assemble and the Nylock nuts included will ensure it does not vibrate apart while going down the road ! I put it together in about 20 minuets and had it attached to the top of my 2010 Nissan Versa in less than 5 min . The mounting hooks look small , but they held the rack securely to the car . I took the rack with me to the hardware store and brought home about 50 pounds of 8 ' long lumber . A first for this little econo-car ! The load stayed secured -LRB- you have to acquire your own strapping -RRB- and no damage was done to the roof of my car . To say I am pleased is an understatement ! I wish I had thought to purchase this when I bought the car!The only down sides ... . yes , every product has one . 1 -RRB- the rubber pads on the feet do not stay attached while you are carrying the rack to and from the car ... Easy fix , put them in your pocket . 2 -RRB- The feet may not -LRB- did not in my case -RRB- sit exactly flush and square with the roof of the car . They are only adjustable for lateral movement , not front to back . No damage was done . I ca n't see a real problem , unless you overload the rack and the roof of the car .
 I like the carrier but a few things to consider . The pads pop off very easily but I solved this by going to a car parts store and purchasing epoxy glue made for hard rubber and plastic . I also purchased a tool drawer liner and cut it to size for under the mounts for extra protection . Keep the straps tight or they can work loose and unlock.We went 1800 miles and it came loose one time but the strap hit the roof alerting us . The other strap held till we were able to get to the next exit.A note to watch out when removing the rack . The bolts on the bottom will scratch the glass if you make contact when removing it from the roof with weight in it . Vans with tapered rear windows are most likely damaged this way.Even with these issues it was worth the money .
 I used this product in conjunction with a strap on roof bag , Also reviewed.It function without a hitch , strapped to the roof of a Nissan versa , to and from Salem , OR . - Yellow Stone National Park , 2000 + miles round trip , at speeds up to 75 mph . Great product for our use.Took all gear needed to camp for a week and still had 3 people and a dog !! The clips that were to fasten the the door/roof lip were not going to work as described in the directions -LRB- For a Nissan Versa -RRB- . I opted for a bit of ingenuity , I pulled the inside weather stripping down a bit and clipped the straps further inside of the door lip that the weather strip clips to . this gave the clip a lot more bite and worked perfectly , I also put all four straps/clips in the rear door well - this was needed due to the curve of the roof on the Versa and to put the rack as far back as possible.The Versa has two weather strip inside/outside so this caused no major noise increase and though we had no rain , I feel that there would have been minimal if any leaks.Had only very minor scuffing on the roof paint after the trip -LRB- a little wax took car of it -RRB- and no dents or other damage.The clips on this product need to have a good angle to adhere to , if they seem to loose or easily dislodged they probably are !!! Also if you have a sunroof the rack may not fit without resting on the glass/door .
 Great carrier for the price . It made a 1000 mile trip in winter weather from Minnesota to Pennsylvania . Have also used it for hauling cabinets and lumber.A random note
 this is a great product - i would have given it 5 however my only wish was that is was a little larger-this product is as it is described and arrived promptlyit is very simmple to put together and i plan on using it for camping cargo - i own a van and actually purchased 2 of them in addition i purchasedcargo bags -LRB- 15 cubic ft fits perfectly in this carrier -RRB- and although the harnessing included in this kit is ample i choose to use exsisting van roof bars and u-bolt them on.i was on the market for another hard top carrier , all of which are too expensive or not the right size etc. with this carrier -LRB- 2 -RRB- and the cargo bags that i also got on amazon -LRB- about 30 dollars -RRB- i will add 30 cubic feet of cargo , it will be secure within the cage and waterproof due to the cargo bags . its a great way to pack lots of things for an amazing dealfigure on $ 70 for cage and cargo bag , not bad and willhold up and on ... i would recommend this product if your looking for cargo space , however i would also recommend a waterproof -LRB- weatherproof only mean water resistant -RRB- so choose wisely . and best of all it folds and is easy to store.highland makes a complete line of car accessories and have other products that i am very please withso again , its a great product and a great deal
 A good product for the price . I recommend this product and will continue to use it when I do my tune ups .
 I put this seat on my 2006 883L . It replaced the mighty stiff and uncomfortable stock solo seat . Installation was easy , it comes with a nut insert in case your bike does n't have the fender nuts in place -LRB- mine did -RRB- . Since I did n't need to thread that , it was a 2-minute install.The seat padding is nice and firm , but because of the shape of the seat , it 's way , way more comfortable . Nice wide seating position , with a pocket tuck towards the back to keep pressure off the tailbone . The back of the seat provides a bit of back support , and something to push against on acceleration.The cover is good quality black leather , and the braiding on the edge is unobtrusive and not flashy . It 's a good-looking seat.I just ca n't get over how comfortable this seat is , it 's wonderful .
 This seat is amazing!I just got a 2009 Harley Davidson Nightster with forward controls . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and I felt cramped , like I just kept wanting to stretch my legs more so I did some research online and discovered this seat after reading about it on some forums . It puts me up and back at least 2 inches . Now I can stretch my legs even more and it 's way more comfortable than the stock seat . My lower back no longer hurts and I do n't get a sore ass anymore . It has a nice , simple look to it too.I found it cheaper on another website but I spent a few extra dollars and got it from Amazon since they 've always been good to me and I trust them . It was shipped promptly from the seller and they even followed up with an email after I got it to see how I liked it and how my experience with shopping from them went . Everything went extremely well.I highly recommend getting this seat ! You will be happy you did .
 I like the window deflectors . It keeps the rain out with my windows opened slightly and it adds to the beauty and classy look of my Toyota Tacoma .
 WIX24866 is approximately 7 5/8 `` X12 3/16 '' while the Audi p/n 4B0819439C is 11 3/4 X8 '' . Make sure you have the correct cabin air filter dimensions because the listed dimension is probably shipping dimension , not the actual dimension of the air filter itself . The 24866 will NOT fit a 2K4 .2 A6 or an 02S6 Audi .
 This was a great item !! My dad loved and it looks great on his car!I chose the 5 star rating bc everything is same as the description said !
 This is a stiker was made with high quality materials and colors it is a MLB .
 It gets the job done ! Covers the corners well and folds easily .
 I bought this to clean the brake dust that accumulates quickly on my wheels and takes forever to clean the old fashioned way with a spray cleaner and towels . I have BBS style wheels with about 16 splines and a ton of small hard to reach crevices . They take me about 45 minutes to clean by hand . With this wand cleaner , I can do them in about 10-15 minutes . It is very soft and well covered so the hard plastic rod does n't poke through and scratch the wheel . I keep a towel handy to wipe the brake dust off the wand after each wheel since it builds up quickly . With a little care , I got it into all the small hard-to-reach crevices and cleaned them . I am very pleased with the product and it saves me a ton of time . The wheels still need a full cleaning once in awhile , but this does the trick most of the time .
 This item works better than anything else I 've tried to clean the wheels on my BMW with multiple spokes . It was excellent at getting into the hard to reach spots without scratching . Time will tell how well it holds up .
 I like this cleaning tool because it speeds up the job of cleaning my auto wheels by enabling quick access to smalll areas that I had to clean with a rag prior to its use . It seems to be holding up well after a few cleaning jobs .
 Used a couple times now , it appears durable and can get into the tight places . Simply stated - it works as advertised . Highly recommend .
 The rims on my new car had many spokes , when buying a new sponge and wash i saw this product and gave it a shot . This product works great , especially for the price - you ca n't go wrong . It made washing my rims much easier and kept me cleaner ! Would highly recommend .
 Wish it was a bit thinner to get through some of the smaller areas of my wheel , but it is soft and well made , does the job . I use it in addition to a toothbrush .
 What can I really say about the quality of a charger?It works fine and I 'm very happy with it . Perfect if you need a replacement wall charger , Motorola brand too.back to product
 The product I ordered was received in perfect and excellent working condition!I am very pleased with my purchase .
 Product arrived as promised , packed properly , no damage . Price was thethe best surprise . Looking forward to the next purchase .
 The charger works perfectly . The parts are milled nicely . The price is great so I would highly recommend to anyone who has a phone needing an replacement or additional charger .
 the adapter was the correct one for my son 's cell phone.It was cheaper here than anyplace else.so we are all pleased with the purchase .
 great service and product was a very good price , just as described , works great
 It does what I need it to do , charge my phone . It works great .
 This filter looks and feels very much like the OEM part , installs easily , and comes at a much lower price than from a Toyota dealer .
 This filter fits correctly , looks and feels substantial and seems to work well . It 's hard to know quantitatively the efficacy of the BioShield 75 in a real world situation like a cabin air filter that will definitely accumulate dirt and debris rapidly . But the concept of an antimicrobial coating on the filter that inhibits the growth of mold is highly appealing.The Wix filters are about the same price as other cabin air filters and seem well made , but Wix offers the extra benefit of the BioShield 75 . I think it makes a lot more sense than charcoal or baking soda -LRB- Can the small amounts of these substances contained in the filters really have any material effect on air quality over any extended period of time ? -RRB- . Seems like a problematic proposition to me ...
 Ordered this for my 2002 IS300 . Bought bulk on OEM cabin filters and have been using them up until my last one . Tried the Fram and it worked good but not the best fit . When I got the Wix , I was extremely satisfied with the OEM quality and fit . I think it even works better than OEM . Give it a try !
 Works on my 2003 Toyota highlander . Good quality compared to factory standard filter . The air from my air conditioner is blowing strong . That 's all I ask for and so it gets 5 stars .
 I called the Toyota dealer and they wanted $ 28 for the part and told me they had to disassemble part of the dashboard to remove and replace the filter . Wrong ! Got the filter for much cheaper -LRB- same quality -RRB- and found a `` How To '' video on You Tube . After watching the video -LRB- twice -RRB- and with only a screwdriver , I changed the filter in seven minutes . I 'm sure I saved at least an hour of dealer labor -LRB- $ 90/hr -RRB- on this as well !
 This Wix 24901 Cabin Air Filter fits in the 2002 Lexus IS300 . It is substantially less than the OEM version at the dealership yet the quality is comparable . The location is typically behind the glove box and replacing it takes about five minutes ; no tools necessary . Yes , definitely recommend .
 Loved it . It bolted on perfectly and looks great . I have toldEveryone where to find good quality parts . I will definatly try toGet all my parts here now .
 Installed 4 of these on a 2001 impala and took it to an alignment place and now my wheels are straight and my tires wo n't wear out unevenly any more
 THE KIT IS AS REPRESENTED . ARRIVED ON TIME , UNDER BUDGET AND GOOD QUALITY.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO A FRIEND.I WILL SHOP HERE AGAIN ...
 Thank goodness Moog still makes real camber bolts . I tried the nylon slip cover and plastic washer piece of crap that was sold by advanced auto and was a hell of a lot more expensive than this . Needless to say that crappy camber bolt survived 1 adjustment and then killed itself . This one , because it is made out of ALL METAL has worked out great . I know it will continue to workout great in the long run because I 've had one like this on the other side of my vehicle for years and it 's survived several adjustments with no problems . METAL METAL and ALL METAL , keep making these darn things just like this one !! Plastic has no business being around or apart of a heavily loaded bolt !!
 Was well made and worked as described . It provided the camber adjustment I needed on a car with no factory adjustment .
 Arrived On Time Good Quality Great Value Excellen Price Beats The Other Prices That I Have Seen . Sweet.Moog K90474 Camber Adjusting Bolt Kit
 Not any where near as robust as the factory camber bolt on my Subaru , and instructions are non existant if you need them , but it dd the trick for me .
 Looks nice and did not fall apart when I took the decal off the backing . All you can expect when you purchase a decal .
 This bugshield was easy to install and fit like it was supposed to . It was inexpensive but well worth the money .
 I buy a new truck every 2 years because I 'm on the road 6 days a week and 50,000 miles a year . I was turned on to this simple little product about 5 years and 2 trucks ago . This will do 2 major things for you . Save your paint on the front of your hood , and for those who drive a lot means dollars when its time to sell , and a significant improvement in the bugs and especially rocks that make cracks and chips burdensome . I give this product a solid 10 because this is my 3rd one and I have 16 years on the road experience and I wonder why i did n't do it sooner . Ask ANYONE you know who has one and they will tell you the same . VERY satisfied and delivery was as promised .
 I 'm usually buy only OEM parts but purchased these through Amazon since I had a short window to do the repair . Fit was fine . 10k miles since install and everything seems okay . Would recommend . Saved money over OEM as well .
 This is the 2nd shade I have purchased , the 1st one lasted over a year and 1/2 being used daily ... When it wore out I immediately came back to Amazon and purchased one again ...
 This product works perfectly at what it 's designed for . It keeps the inside of my truck cooler while it sits in the sun . The only thing I really have to comment on is that the blue color has faded to silver in the sunlight . I really do n't care about that . It 's easy to put in the windshield and remove . It 's also very effective at repelling sunshine from the vehicle . Would buy another without hesitation .
 Thi shade is very easy to set-up and noticeably cools your car down . Keep in mind that it wo n't fit full-size truck windshield fully , but still does the job . It 's well constructed and is easy to stash in the car with its velcro closure . I only wish I had bought it sooner .
 I have found this much more effective than the cheap thin ones you can buy in the stores . I have a Mazda 3 and it easily fits my screen with a little over either end .
 I have a corolla 2010 . The screen fits in terms of height but not width . The size is too wide for the windshield . But I am only concerned with the height since the width can be easily adjustable by folding some part inward . This is a really good screen . I can feel the difference when I get in the car .
 Well where do I begin , I needed something to put in the windshield to keep the sun off my dash and keep the interior of the car cool . I have a jeep Patriot and the `` sunshade '' shades the sun . It stays dark and cool in the jeep . It is well made and at about seven bucks is a wonderful item to make the $ 25 free shipping mark .
 It is enough to cover all front window , and is easy to install and remove.The quality is more than what I expected .
 While too large for the car I 'm using the shade in , the installation is still easy and quick which I think is important for this product . It has performed very well ; especially true during the Inferno like weather we `` enjoyed '' last week and will probably revisit before the summer is over . It certainly spared us that stifling blast one usually gets from entering a scorched car on a hot and sunny day .
 I just got this , so far so good ! It fit on -LRB- with a little elbow grease -RRB- and gives me more grip while driveing , and matches my seat covers :-RRB- That 's all it 's supposed to do right ?
 Looks good to me one I was able to get it on . Did take a few extra minutes and a couple of screwdrivers for some leverage but overall a nice fit on my 03 Grand Am .
 Works well , showed up fast . Only problem I had was with installing this . Maybe there is a trick to it that I do n't know of , but took several minutes of prying this on . If I ever get rid of my truck im gon na leave it , so the next owner has to deall with it . Looks great and improves handleing quite a bit .
 Installed myself on 06 Nissan Murano . Perfect fit and subtle look . Works as advertised . Very pleased.Robert Cobb
 I was expecting a BOSCH knock off when I was ordering a pump . I did n't really care I needed something that would work . Turns out it 's the real deal ! Was very happy and saved me money .
 I have the cam and lifters installed in my 1984 Bronco . My stock cam had a trust washer on the gear end of the shaft , but there was no room for the washer on my Edelbrock camshaft and new Comp gears , I also noted the gear train is built different from stock/OEM so put it together without worrying about the trust washer I did and all seems A-OK . I feel if it were needed it would have come with my new camshaft . After the initial break in of 30 min of 2000RPM plus with moments of slight revving I finally let the engine return to normal idling and set the timing to 12 * . Drained the oil to get the Zink additive out and installed new oil and filter . The engine idles very smooth and sounds really nice . Ca n't wait to get it out and test it .
 I use a power inverter to charge my cell phone , my air mattress pump , my cameras , and my laptop while on the road . The first inverter I bought lasted all of maybe two days , so to replace it I resolved to do more thorough research . When I checked out Schumacher 's site , I discovered they had a vast line of power supply equipment , much of it for industrial use . My assumption was their small consumer inverters would be built to industrial standards as well and might last longer than my first one . I was not disappointed.The PI-200 has been my constant traveling companion over thousands of miles of roads and has never failed me , plus it has about as many features as you could ask for . 200 watts is more than enough for charging the items that travel with me . It also features a low battery alarm should it drain the source battery below a certain level . But do n't think that means you can continue to pull power through your car 's cigarette lighter after the car is shut down for the simple reason that turning off your ignition also turns off the power to your cigarette lighter.The workaround for this would be to find an adaptor going from a female cigarette lighter to two clips . Then attach the clips to the battery and plug into the other end of the adaptor . Then keep your inverter handy and shut it off if and when the low battery alarm goes off.Built like a tank .
 I work out of a truck all day with no radio . I have to rely on a battery operated radio . But with this inverter , I just have to plug it in to the cigarett lighter and I have radio all day . It 's super .
 I keep this in the car . Have n't used it more than a couple of times , butis handy to have when I need it ! I could use more watts , but fine for laptop , phone , etc. . More versitle than the individual car chargers , and less money in the long run !
 Love it ! Works great when I tether my Blackberry to the computer , provides the extra power needed when battery running low !
 Works MUCH better than other brands , which trip out on overload easily even though they were rated higher watts . I have this 200 watt and a 400 watt .
 Been using Lakewood bell-housings for years . Only had one clutch fail , fully contained , no damage to bellhousing.Would recommend to anyone .
 If you were to buy the parts included in this kit it would cost about $ 25 to $ 30 . Includes two fuse holders -LRB- with fuses -RRB- , six cables with terminals attached , a 40 amp relay and an illuminated dashboard switch.The instructions are detailed and easy to follow . All of the components are good quality.The kit is for adding an extra running light , but it can be used for many different 12 volt projects !
 Been using NGK , s for years in all my powersports , these engines see the extreme - example , mud , water , heat , cold , high rpm 's and the plugs far outperform anything else , in fact virtually every powersports manufacturer uses NGK as o.e.m. that being said I dont see why that would be any different in a car engine which in comparison has an easy life to the small engines in powersport vehicles .
 I purchased these plugs for my 225 Mercury . They are the best you can buy . The price on Amazon was competetive enough with local stores that I did n't bother driving into town to purchase a set . They arrived on time and in perfect condition . I installed them the next day and have been using them for quite a while and will probably be using them for quite a while longer . NGK plugs are great .
 Receiver was shipped directly from the manufacturer . The carton was open in several places and the receiver was scraped at the ends and at the 2 '' receiver end . I had to force open the end plates on the receiver 1/8 '' for the unit to fit my Explorer 's pre drilled holes . Thankfully the hardware was securely taped to the receiver and no bolts were lost . After installation had to spray paint the receiver to hide all the scrapes . I did not have to drill holes and the bolting was a breeze . The unit is solid and am satisfied with the quality.Packaging was the problem and Amazon should expect that suppliers deliver their products properly wrapped and secure .
 I installed the Curt 13540 Hitch on my 2002 2-door Ford Explorer Sport with a full size spare tire . It matched up perfectly with the factory holes in the chassis frame . I had to do no more than bolt on the hitch . The instructions said approximately 25 minutes for a do-it-yourselfer , but it took me about 1 hour start to finish including removing the spare , getting set up with all of the tools I would need , etc. . I also took the opportunity to shoot some air into the spare while I had it off . A very easy installation . The only negatives are the fact that the hitch broke through the box during delivery and scratched off some of the paint to bare metal where it is visible after installation , and that Curt placed a paper based adhesive UPC sticker on the end where it was also visible . I carefully scraped off the sticker and removed the adhesive with some WD-40 and a little elbow grease . As for the minor scratches , it is , after all , a trailer hitch mounted to the underside of a truck . So I 'm not going to worry about them . I 'm very pleased with the purchase . This would have cost much more to have a hitch installed for me .
 The product seems to be great . It was a little tough to install though , but not too bad . I installed one side , but did n't tighten it down all the way , but when I moved to the other side , it was n't fitting . After a struggle , I decided to install the second side first . This time , it worked just fine . Hooked up my cargo carrier and was on my way . Nice product . I do have to say though , the shipping package was pretty sad . It came in a box with nothing to keep the receiver from shifting around inside it . The corners of the box were torn up , but the product itself was not damaged . A little padding or packing material would have been good .
 Showed up on time and fit great . It took about 20 minutes to install and all the parts were in the package .
 So easy to install . I let my dog install it . took him about 1 hour . great quality and looks great .
 Took me about 1/2 hour to install and it fit like a glove . It is just what I wanted . Thanks .
 Simple , straight forward installation . All bolts aligned perfectly except for one . I do n't know whether my frame was tweaked or the hitch was slightly off . After some struggling , I got all of the bolts through and after tightening the nuts down evenly everything socked in nice and tight . Overall quality of the materials , welds , and paint are very good.I recommend dropping the spare tire for more room when installing the hitch . It does fit with the full size spare , but for an extra few minutes get the tire out of the way first . That is also a good time to inspect and check the spare tire pressure as well as lube the cable assembly that holds the spare up into the body . If you do n't know how to get the spare down now is also a good time to learn how . Check the owner 's manual or You-tube . Also note that on the two-door Explorer Sport model , the tow hook must be removed because it is in the way of the hitch . Surprisingly , the large nuts were not frozen onto the bolts of my 12-year-old SUV . You might get lucky too . Penetrating oil always helps.I suggest that when on your back look for a round plug covered by a rubber cap under one or both of the tail light areas -LRB- no dissembly required -RRB- . Those are the pre-installed trailer lighting connection points . The light adapter can be found on Amazon for less than $ 10 . It plugs right in with no cutting . Only one is needed.Lastly , wear safety glasses for heaven 's sake . There will invariably be rust and crud that rains down as you fuss around under the truck . It is cheap way to save your sight .
 I just purchased this CURT hitch for my 1999 Ford Explorer Limited . My truck still has the full size spare tire under the hatch area . This hitch fit perfectly around the spare tire and bolted right on . The only issue I had was with the packaging of the hitch . The hitch was packaged in a large rectangle shaped cardboard box . The box is not filled with peanuts and the hitch is not wrapped with bubble wrap or anything to protect it . Well during shipping it is inevitable that there is going to be some damaged done to the hitch . My hitch had dings and scrapes and paint chipped off . I had to repaint sections of the hitch to help prevent the bare metal from rusting right away . CURT manufacturing should take some advise and at least wrap the hitch in bubble wrap before you place it in the unprotected cardboard box . Bubble wrap would have definitely protected my hitch from the damage caused by shipping . If Curt spent the an extra 50 cents worth of bubble wrap they would have gotten 5 stars from me and I am sure a lot of more satisfied customers .
 I bought this receiver hitch for my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport . I use it mainly when i transport my dirt bike on a trailer that relies solely on the square hitch . It was not difficult to install at all , just be sure to torque to the right settings . Good buy .
 I own a 2003 Explorer Sport and this hitch is perfect for this vehicle . The installation would be easy for this SUV but mine has had some rear end damage from a few accidents . All I had to do was remove the bumper and I was able to install the hitch with no problems . The great thing about this hitch on this vehicle is that it follows the lines of the bumper and if you should have a flat tire you will have not problem accessing the spare tire . No drilling is required , the hitch utilizes hole in the frame that already exist . great purchase , highly recommended
 It 's a big piece of metal that attaches to your car , and has a big hole into which you can fit useful things like bike racks , boat trailers , etc. . It 's a good value compared to the competitors -LRB- especially with free shipping from Amazon ! -RRB- . What else can I say ? Installation would have been easy with the included instructions and hardware -LRB- though you will need a torque wrench -RRB- , but part of my Explorer frame that this wanted to bolt onto was a little bent somehow which required a trip to a body shop to straighten out . It feels very solid and while not exactly `` low profile '' , is n't ugly to look at . I guess you could even say it adds a certain manly flair when hauling around my daughter 's Barbie bike .
 I had a slight problem with this hitch because it fits so perfectly . My bumper hung slightly down due to a probable overload of the bumper at some point . -LRB- No visible accident damage . -RRB- After loosening the bumper to frame bolts and resetting the bumper , this hitch fit perfectly to my 2000 Explorer XLT . I also bought theHopkins 40915 Plug-In Simple Wiring Kit for Ford Explorer 1995-2000 / Mercury Mountaineer 1996-2001 -LRB- another 5 star product -RRB- and now have a professional looking receiver and 4-wire light kit for less than $ 145 TOTAL . With Amazon Prime the shipping was free -LRB- My favorite price . -RRB- Items were ordered Wednesday afternoon , received at my place of work , Friday morning .
 The Curt Class III trailer hitch 13540 that I ordered was delivered 1 1/2 days Earlier than promised ! Thank You for your promt service . The trailer hitch fit perfect just as described , and you wo n't find it cheaper Anywhere ! other than me having fumble fingers , it installed with ease in about an hour or so , thats my time . Could n't be more pleased with my purchase and would recomend Anyone to buy from this seller ! Thanks Again , I needed to use my trailer the same day I installed the hitch , Perfect Timming !
 This fit my 1996 Explorer just right . Had no problems intalling in less than 15 minutes . Fits around the spare tire . I was worried about an online purchase for this sort of thing , but turned out to be a good product .
 hey o bought this thinking i would at least have to drill ... that in mind i had it installed on my truck in 18 min and it says it should take 25 . does what it has to easy install and easy opening packaging . what more could one ask for ?
 I got this for my 1997 Explorer and the install was a snap it took me longer to get it out of the box then it took me to mount it super simple thanks !!
 Easy to install . Just what I ordered . Installed in less than 30 min . Great price also no issues
 I am very happy with this hitch it is very heavy duty and easy to install . Installed it by my self in about 20 minutes.I have had other hitches that did not fit as well . I Would recomed it .
 Receiver was shipped directly from the manufacturer . The carton was open in several places and the receiver was scraped at the ends and at the 2 '' receiver end . I had to force open the end plates on the receiver 1/8 '' for the unit to fit my Explorer 's pre drilled holes . Thankfully the hardware was securely taped to the receiver and no bolts were lost . After installation had to spray paint the receiver to hide all the scrapes . I did not have to drill holes and the bolting was a breeze . The unit is solid and am satisfied with the quality.Packaging was the problem and Amazon should expect that suppliers deliver their products properly wrapped and secure .
 I installed the Curt 13540 Hitch on my 2002 2-door Ford Explorer Sport with a full size spare tire . It matched up perfectly with the factory holes in the chassis frame . I had to do no more than bolt on the hitch . The instructions said approximately 25 minutes for a do-it-yourselfer , but it took me about 1 hour start to finish including removing the spare , getting set up with all of the tools I would need , etc. . I also took the opportunity to shoot some air into the spare while I had it off . A very easy installation . The only negatives are the fact that the hitch broke through the box during delivery and scratched off some of the paint to bare metal where it is visible after installation , and that Curt placed a paper based adhesive UPC sticker on the end where it was also visible . I carefully scraped off the sticker and removed the adhesive with some WD-40 and a little elbow grease . As for the minor scratches , it is , after all , a trailer hitch mounted to the underside of a truck . So I 'm not going to worry about them . I 'm very pleased with the purchase . This would have cost much more to have a hitch installed for me .
 The product seems to be great . It was a little tough to install though , but not too bad . I installed one side , but did n't tighten it down all the way , but when I moved to the other side , it was n't fitting . After a struggle , I decided to install the second side first . This time , it worked just fine . Hooked up my cargo carrier and was on my way . Nice product . I do have to say though , the shipping package was pretty sad . It came in a box with nothing to keep the receiver from shifting around inside it . The corners of the box were torn up , but the product itself was not damaged . A little padding or packing material would have been good .
 Showed up on time and fit great . It took about 20 minutes to install and all the parts were in the package .
 So easy to install . I let my dog install it . took him about 1 hour . great quality and looks great .
 Took me about 1/2 hour to install and it fit like a glove . It is just what I wanted . Thanks .
 Simple , straight forward installation . All bolts aligned perfectly except for one . I do n't know whether my frame was tweaked or the hitch was slightly off . After some struggling , I got all of the bolts through and after tightening the nuts down evenly everything socked in nice and tight . Overall quality of the materials , welds , and paint are very good.I recommend dropping the spare tire for more room when installing the hitch . It does fit with the full size spare , but for an extra few minutes get the tire out of the way first . That is also a good time to inspect and check the spare tire pressure as well as lube the cable assembly that holds the spare up into the body . If you do n't know how to get the spare down now is also a good time to learn how . Check the owner 's manual or You-tube . Also note that on the two-door Explorer Sport model , the tow hook must be removed because it is in the way of the hitch . Surprisingly , the large nuts were not frozen onto the bolts of my 12-year-old SUV . You might get lucky too . Penetrating oil always helps.I suggest that when on your back look for a round plug covered by a rubber cap under one or both of the tail light areas -LRB- no dissembly required -RRB- . Those are the pre-installed trailer lighting connection points . The light adapter can be found on Amazon for less than $ 10 . It plugs right in with no cutting . Only one is needed.Lastly , wear safety glasses for heaven 's sake . There will invariably be rust and crud that rains down as you fuss around under the truck . It is cheap way to save your sight .
 I just purchased this CURT hitch for my 1999 Ford Explorer Limited . My truck still has the full size spare tire under the hatch area . This hitch fit perfectly around the spare tire and bolted right on . The only issue I had was with the packaging of the hitch . The hitch was packaged in a large rectangle shaped cardboard box . The box is not filled with peanuts and the hitch is not wrapped with bubble wrap or anything to protect it . Well during shipping it is inevitable that there is going to be some damaged done to the hitch . My hitch had dings and scrapes and paint chipped off . I had to repaint sections of the hitch to help prevent the bare metal from rusting right away . CURT manufacturing should take some advise and at least wrap the hitch in bubble wrap before you place it in the unprotected cardboard box . Bubble wrap would have definitely protected my hitch from the damage caused by shipping . If Curt spent the an extra 50 cents worth of bubble wrap they would have gotten 5 stars from me and I am sure a lot of more satisfied customers .
 I bought this receiver hitch for my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport . I use it mainly when i transport my dirt bike on a trailer that relies solely on the square hitch . It was not difficult to install at all , just be sure to torque to the right settings . Good buy .
 I own a 2003 Explorer Sport and this hitch is perfect for this vehicle . The installation would be easy for this SUV but mine has had some rear end damage from a few accidents . All I had to do was remove the bumper and I was able to install the hitch with no problems . The great thing about this hitch on this vehicle is that it follows the lines of the bumper and if you should have a flat tire you will have not problem accessing the spare tire . No drilling is required , the hitch utilizes hole in the frame that already exist . great purchase , highly recommended
 It 's a big piece of metal that attaches to your car , and has a big hole into which you can fit useful things like bike racks , boat trailers , etc. . It 's a good value compared to the competitors -LRB- especially with free shipping from Amazon ! -RRB- . What else can I say ? Installation would have been easy with the included instructions and hardware -LRB- though you will need a torque wrench -RRB- , but part of my Explorer frame that this wanted to bolt onto was a little bent somehow which required a trip to a body shop to straighten out . It feels very solid and while not exactly `` low profile '' , is n't ugly to look at . I guess you could even say it adds a certain manly flair when hauling around my daughter 's Barbie bike .
 I had a slight problem with this hitch because it fits so perfectly . My bumper hung slightly down due to a probable overload of the bumper at some point . -LRB- No visible accident damage . -RRB- After loosening the bumper to frame bolts and resetting the bumper , this hitch fit perfectly to my 2000 Explorer XLT . I also bought theHopkins 40915 Plug-In Simple Wiring Kit for Ford Explorer 1995-2000 / Mercury Mountaineer 1996-2001 -LRB- another 5 star product -RRB- and now have a professional looking receiver and 4-wire light kit for less than $ 145 TOTAL . With Amazon Prime the shipping was free -LRB- My favorite price . -RRB- Items were ordered Wednesday afternoon , received at my place of work , Friday morning .
 The Curt Class III trailer hitch 13540 that I ordered was delivered 1 1/2 days Earlier than promised ! Thank You for your promt service . The trailer hitch fit perfect just as described , and you wo n't find it cheaper Anywhere ! other than me having fumble fingers , it installed with ease in about an hour or so , thats my time . Could n't be more pleased with my purchase and would recomend Anyone to buy from this seller ! Thanks Again , I needed to use my trailer the same day I installed the hitch , Perfect Timming !
 This fit my 1996 Explorer just right . Had no problems intalling in less than 15 minutes . Fits around the spare tire . I was worried about an online purchase for this sort of thing , but turned out to be a good product .
 hey o bought this thinking i would at least have to drill ... that in mind i had it installed on my truck in 18 min and it says it should take 25 . does what it has to easy install and easy opening packaging . what more could one ask for ?
 I got this for my 1997 Explorer and the install was a snap it took me longer to get it out of the box then it took me to mount it super simple thanks !!
 Easy to install . Just what I ordered . Installed in less than 30 min . Great price also no issues
 I am very happy with this hitch it is very heavy duty and easy to install . Installed it by my self in about 20 minutes.I have had other hitches that did not fit as well . I Would recomed it .
 I received this spring quickly and did not have any problems installing it . The spring has a bit of stall even though it says 0 for stall . The stall is not a bother it just allows the engine to rev a bit before engaging . There is more top end on my KFX 700 and that is what I was looking for . Good product so far !!!
 Some of the parts to the cover were missing and I was not informed that the cords under the bottom to hold the cover on was not there . It said that the cover was in good condition and only slightly used , but it never said missing parts . This was not a good deal at all . I wanted the cover because it is a discontinued item but I could have gotten something else , instead I decided to go to my favorite ordering sight and I got this thing . Not good , just somewhat ok .
 These are soft faux leather that look and feel quite nice . They 're much better than some cheap yet more expensive pads available locally at auto parts stores and big chain stores . I liked the `` S '' emblem too as it compliments the particular 2 seat convertible I outfitted with these.I would not hesitate to recommend them . I also use Aerospace 303 UV protectant and conditioner on them which I consider necessary to ensure long service life of such materials exposed to the sun .
 When I received this seat belt pad I was pleasantly surprised by the quality construction & materials , as well as the overall appearance of it ! It is made of a pleather type material which is very soft to the touch -LRB- like softened leather , not plush -RRB- and the red `` S '' in the middle is actually a raised rubber that is striped to add a wonderful gripping point . The stitching is excellent , the color is exactly how it appears in the product listing . The front is 3/4 black with a rubberized textured red S in the middle , the other 1/4 is a pleasant red color which carries through to the back of the pad which is completely red . A very nice feature is the extra padding within the sleeve itself , it seems there is a layer of soft foam inside which adds a lot to the comfort offered . The pad is secured to the seat belt via the strong full length velcro piece mounted on the inside of the front section of the pad which wraps around the belt and connects to itself on the other side , it is very secure and leaves no fear of it sliding down the belt and becoming an irritation . As far as maintenance , the material is very easy to clean simply by wiping with a damp cloth , unlike the cheap versions on the market that store the dirt and look nasty after a short period of use . Overall I would highly recommend this item to anyone looking for a seat belt pad , especially if you want one that will add style and functionality to your vehicle . At 3.99 with free shipping , the price ca n't be beat and once you see it you wo n't believe that 's all they were charging for it !! ** Make note that this listing is for QUANTITY 1 of this item , not a pair ... order accordingly . I had to place a second order to get the additional one I needed ... my fault for not reading the description properly : -RRB-
 I WAS HAPPY TO FIND THIS ITEM . NOBODY AND I MEAN NOBODY ELSE HAD THIS PRODUCT I PURCHASE FROM YOUR WEB SITE.KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK . IAM NOW A LOYAL CUSTOMER ...
 These were really good for a few months but after about a year the plastic fake leather got all cracked and they started completely falling apart . We live in the desert so the dry air may have caused this to occur quicker than it might in other climates . They looked great for a while but just did n't last as long as I thought they should .
 Prompt shipping , well packaged , exactly as described . works well and definitely serves the purpose and looks good too . I am very satisfied .
 it did n't take very long to pinpoint small air leaks on my truck that I could not hear with my ears.I was very pleased with it 's performance .
 Good all-weather floor mats with excellent coverage of carpeted areas and good modification potential for custom fit . Good channel system to hold melted snow in Minnesota for the 2 seated areas , although a ridge along the edges of the center section would capture more snow melt in my van and also in SUVs .
 These Moog Springs were purchased to try to fix a problem in a Toyota Camry whereby the Camry would bottom out on any speed bump when there were occupants in the rear seat -LRB- including children -RRB- . These variable rate springs did the trick . The car can handle more weight and no longer has any problem .
 Restored my 1999 camry rear sag to an even height with the front . Definitely a better ride , not too stiff but void of the excessive vertical play I had before.Fast shipping too ! However , I would recommend your shop ordering these for you , as they often charge less labor when you buy the parts from them . It also seems to just be a general annoyance to the folks doing the -LRB- you hope ! -RRB- good work .
 These springs returned the ride height of my Camry to a little over stock and provide a lot more carrying capacity without causing the ride to feel `` Stiff . '' My trailer hitch seldom drags anymore . The springs are firmer and help the car feel more secure with or with out a heavy load - seems to have helped the handling too ! Perfect !
 After receiving the Grote 44010 electronic flasher it was fairly straight forward on installation , its a simple 3 wire hookup and is a very small unit so was easy to place on my motorcycle . would highly reccomend this purchase to anyone who has put LED turn signals on their motorcycle .
 They Do n't Gave you HP . but at least the car will start better and improve the fuel economy
 Plugs wires work fine , but rubber caps are too small to fit over flanges in valve cover . Had to cut caps for compromise fit . Problem is that the OUTSIDE diameter of the caps matches the OUTSIDE diameter of flanges . It 's the INSIDE diameter of caps that needs to match the OUTSIDE diameter of the flanges .
 Receiver was shipped directly from the manufacturer . The carton was open in several places and the receiver was scraped at the ends and at the 2 '' receiver end . I had to force open the end plates on the receiver 1/8 '' for the unit to fit my Explorer 's pre drilled holes . Thankfully the hardware was securely taped to the receiver and no bolts were lost . After installation had to spray paint the receiver to hide all the scrapes . I did not have to drill holes and the bolting was a breeze . The unit is solid and am satisfied with the quality.Packaging was the problem and Amazon should expect that suppliers deliver their products properly wrapped and secure .
 I installed the Curt 13540 Hitch on my 2002 2-door Ford Explorer Sport with a full size spare tire . It matched up perfectly with the factory holes in the chassis frame . I had to do no more than bolt on the hitch . The instructions said approximately 25 minutes for a do-it-yourselfer , but it took me about 1 hour start to finish including removing the spare , getting set up with all of the tools I would need , etc. . I also took the opportunity to shoot some air into the spare while I had it off . A very easy installation . The only negatives are the fact that the hitch broke through the box during delivery and scratched off some of the paint to bare metal where it is visible after installation , and that Curt placed a paper based adhesive UPC sticker on the end where it was also visible . I carefully scraped off the sticker and removed the adhesive with some WD-40 and a little elbow grease . As for the minor scratches , it is , after all , a trailer hitch mounted to the underside of a truck . So I 'm not going to worry about them . I 'm very pleased with the purchase . This would have cost much more to have a hitch installed for me .
 The product seems to be great . It was a little tough to install though , but not too bad . I installed one side , but did n't tighten it down all the way , but when I moved to the other side , it was n't fitting . After a struggle , I decided to install the second side first . This time , it worked just fine . Hooked up my cargo carrier and was on my way . Nice product . I do have to say though , the shipping package was pretty sad . It came in a box with nothing to keep the receiver from shifting around inside it . The corners of the box were torn up , but the product itself was not damaged . A little padding or packing material would have been good .
 Showed up on time and fit great . It took about 20 minutes to install and all the parts were in the package .
 So easy to install . I let my dog install it . took him about 1 hour . great quality and looks great .
 Took me about 1/2 hour to install and it fit like a glove . It is just what I wanted . Thanks .
 Simple , straight forward installation . All bolts aligned perfectly except for one . I do n't know whether my frame was tweaked or the hitch was slightly off . After some struggling , I got all of the bolts through and after tightening the nuts down evenly everything socked in nice and tight . Overall quality of the materials , welds , and paint are very good.I recommend dropping the spare tire for more room when installing the hitch . It does fit with the full size spare , but for an extra few minutes get the tire out of the way first . That is also a good time to inspect and check the spare tire pressure as well as lube the cable assembly that holds the spare up into the body . If you do n't know how to get the spare down now is also a good time to learn how . Check the owner 's manual or You-tube . Also note that on the two-door Explorer Sport model , the tow hook must be removed because it is in the way of the hitch . Surprisingly , the large nuts were not frozen onto the bolts of my 12-year-old SUV . You might get lucky too . Penetrating oil always helps.I suggest that when on your back look for a round plug covered by a rubber cap under one or both of the tail light areas -LRB- no dissembly required -RRB- . Those are the pre-installed trailer lighting connection points . The light adapter can be found on Amazon for less than $ 10 . It plugs right in with no cutting . Only one is needed.Lastly , wear safety glasses for heaven 's sake . There will invariably be rust and crud that rains down as you fuss around under the truck . It is cheap way to save your sight .
 I just purchased this CURT hitch for my 1999 Ford Explorer Limited . My truck still has the full size spare tire under the hatch area . This hitch fit perfectly around the spare tire and bolted right on . The only issue I had was with the packaging of the hitch . The hitch was packaged in a large rectangle shaped cardboard box . The box is not filled with peanuts and the hitch is not wrapped with bubble wrap or anything to protect it . Well during shipping it is inevitable that there is going to be some damaged done to the hitch . My hitch had dings and scrapes and paint chipped off . I had to repaint sections of the hitch to help prevent the bare metal from rusting right away . CURT manufacturing should take some advise and at least wrap the hitch in bubble wrap before you place it in the unprotected cardboard box . Bubble wrap would have definitely protected my hitch from the damage caused by shipping . If Curt spent the an extra 50 cents worth of bubble wrap they would have gotten 5 stars from me and I am sure a lot of more satisfied customers .
 I bought this receiver hitch for my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport . I use it mainly when i transport my dirt bike on a trailer that relies solely on the square hitch . It was not difficult to install at all , just be sure to torque to the right settings . Good buy .
 I own a 2003 Explorer Sport and this hitch is perfect for this vehicle . The installation would be easy for this SUV but mine has had some rear end damage from a few accidents . All I had to do was remove the bumper and I was able to install the hitch with no problems . The great thing about this hitch on this vehicle is that it follows the lines of the bumper and if you should have a flat tire you will have not problem accessing the spare tire . No drilling is required , the hitch utilizes hole in the frame that already exist . great purchase , highly recommended
 It 's a big piece of metal that attaches to your car , and has a big hole into which you can fit useful things like bike racks , boat trailers , etc. . It 's a good value compared to the competitors -LRB- especially with free shipping from Amazon ! -RRB- . What else can I say ? Installation would have been easy with the included instructions and hardware -LRB- though you will need a torque wrench -RRB- , but part of my Explorer frame that this wanted to bolt onto was a little bent somehow which required a trip to a body shop to straighten out . It feels very solid and while not exactly `` low profile '' , is n't ugly to look at . I guess you could even say it adds a certain manly flair when hauling around my daughter 's Barbie bike .
 I had a slight problem with this hitch because it fits so perfectly . My bumper hung slightly down due to a probable overload of the bumper at some point . -LRB- No visible accident damage . -RRB- After loosening the bumper to frame bolts and resetting the bumper , this hitch fit perfectly to my 2000 Explorer XLT . I also bought theHopkins 40915 Plug-In Simple Wiring Kit for Ford Explorer 1995-2000 / Mercury Mountaineer 1996-2001 -LRB- another 5 star product -RRB- and now have a professional looking receiver and 4-wire light kit for less than $ 145 TOTAL . With Amazon Prime the shipping was free -LRB- My favorite price . -RRB- Items were ordered Wednesday afternoon , received at my place of work , Friday morning .
 The Curt Class III trailer hitch 13540 that I ordered was delivered 1 1/2 days Earlier than promised ! Thank You for your promt service . The trailer hitch fit perfect just as described , and you wo n't find it cheaper Anywhere ! other than me having fumble fingers , it installed with ease in about an hour or so , thats my time . Could n't be more pleased with my purchase and would recomend Anyone to buy from this seller ! Thanks Again , I needed to use my trailer the same day I installed the hitch , Perfect Timming !
 This fit my 1996 Explorer just right . Had no problems intalling in less than 15 minutes . Fits around the spare tire . I was worried about an online purchase for this sort of thing , but turned out to be a good product .
 hey o bought this thinking i would at least have to drill ... that in mind i had it installed on my truck in 18 min and it says it should take 25 . does what it has to easy install and easy opening packaging . what more could one ask for ?
 I got this for my 1997 Explorer and the install was a snap it took me longer to get it out of the box then it took me to mount it super simple thanks !!
 Easy to install . Just what I ordered . Installed in less than 30 min . Great price also no issues
 I am very happy with this hitch it is very heavy duty and easy to install . Installed it by my self in about 20 minutes.I have had other hitches that did not fit as well . I Would recomed it .
 Arrived quickly and was installed without any issues . I 'd highly recommend it as an inexpensive upgrade to your old brake lines .
 Nice inverter . Fan only runs when it needs to . I 've run coffee makers , some power tools with it , fans , lights , etc. . This year I ran our Christmas float rope lights through it . Less than 500W load . It was great . While other groups were toddling down the main street with a big noisy generator running -LRB- with loudspeakers trying to get the music out over the generator noise -RRB- we were rolling along in silence able to hear each other , talk to the bystanders and so forth.Nice added safety margin too - if there was an emergency we would be able to hear someone tells us to stop -LRB- for example if a child ran out in the street or someone fell off of the float -RRB- . There is just about always a 12V solution to most of my needs but I do n't generally own those solutions . I know I can buy 12V lights , or a 12V coffee maker or a 12V tool - but rather than do that I just use this inverter instead . I can even run my Milwaukee 3/4 '' drill and Sawz-All with this inverter which makes going to the junkyard fun . Ca n't run with the tool on a heavy load/100 % throttle but it gets the job done . When I do these trips I take my larger 1000W inverter now.I 've owned another brand inverter since 1994 and it died this year b/c the person I loaned it to did not follow the instructions - always connect the black ground cable first and disconnect it last . Do n't let the two DC power leads touch each other b/c the inverter will still have an internal capacitor charged and short circuiting it may fry something . And of course do n't ground the A/C plugs -LRB- what would normally trip a circuit breaker in a house -RRB- . I 'm not sure what they did to the old 300W inverter but they killed it . Definitely worth reading the instructions.This newer inverter did not mention these safety concerns but I live by these rules .
 I needed some portable power for a small halloween parade float . This inverter lit the lights and powered the boom-box .
 This inverter worked perfectly for my son and his family in Memphis , TN 2010 . My adult son had not taken it out of package , but did so when electrical power was off . It enabled him to stay home and use computer , cell recharge and TV . I bought it off the shelf at Rural King for $ 59.99 . I was n't an Amazon customer then , but when I buy another one , I 'll buy it from Amazon for the current modest price of $ 39.50 w / free shipping . In fact , I may buy a quantity to take to NY for those w/o electrical power .
 I have a 1985 Toyota Corolla `` AE86 '' and my OEM Headlight/Dimmer Switch was cracked on the shielding for the board . This is great for replacement for your AE86 or Chevy Nova or Tercel or 80 's Celica
 For months and months I waited for a backordered Puig windscreen . 14 months after placing my order , I decided to give up on that dream and try this ZG one instead , and I have to say , I am impressed.It lacks the ultimate quality of the Puig IMO , however , it looks mean as hell -LRB- bike has aftermarket body , 100 % black -RRB- and has near OEM quality . It is amaig how something like this can change the whole look of the bike , and I would recommend this to anyone wanting a Puig ... or otherwise . Fitment was great , and it 's hard to go wrong here.Get it . Right now . Ladies love tinted screens . That is 1000 % fact .
 Now I can keep my 355 fed , it was sucking the bowls dry at WOT out of second gear . Did n't have to change the ramp , just jetted it and bolted it up . The floats etc were dialed in . Runs right out of the box , just like Holley claims . Great service too !
 Very easy to install , instructions are easy to follow , and price was right . received it very fast n shipping
 Designed specifically for my vehicle so installation was a very easy - used existing holes . Keeps the bugs , rocks and debris from damaging the leading edge of the hood . Works great !
 very easy installation & the truck looks pretty ! it takes about 5 min to install since you open the box
 Overall this is a convenient and well-made product that I would recommend . Having it in the glove box makes it easy to keep my interior dust-free . However , a couple of small issues to note : - Give it a few good whacks before using it the first time , or it may leave small amounts of red lint behind . - Some surfaces seem to suck lint out of it regardless . The matte vinyl areas of my dash have this -LRB- very minor -RRB- issue . - The handle interferes a bit when I try to dust the dash where it meets the windshield . -LRB- This depends on the angle of your car 's windshield . I used this duster on a 2012 Hyundai Elantra . -RRB- I find I have to angle the handle down or it will tap/slide on the glass . Wrapping the whole thing in microfiber when I do the far edge works as well.These are small complaints ; the most important thing is that this product works -- it grabs the dust and gets into most tricky spots effortlessly .
 The California Cleaning thing really works . I am surprised how well it does work and even when it is dirty it cleans both the body of my car but the windows also . This was a good purchase .
 I purchased this duster over 15 years ago . Figured I needed a new one for the house and switch the old one for my new black car . The product arrived ahead of schedule . It should last for 15 years or so . Very happy .
 I have several of these , one for each car and one for the house . Does a great job on dust , the best dash cleaner I have ever used -- by far !
 This duster is compact , handy and very effective . I leave it in the car for use all of the time . Highly recommend this product .
 I use this duster on a very large Cadillac interior . It keeps all the dust off the dash , seats , doors , leather , wood , glass etc. . Does a great job quickly . I use its big brother on the outside of the car and it keeps it looking spotless . In the spring its the pollen turning my dark blue car yellow on the inside and outside . 2 mins with the dusters and its all gone . Same for summer dust . I do n't have to wash the car every time its a little dirty . And it stays looking like it was just washed.BTW I bought one for the house too . Its great on the TV , window blinds etc. .
 This product delivers as advertised . It is easy to use and does an outstanding job .
 The most basic thing to remember whenever you wipe or wax your vehicle is to get rid of dust or particles that will scratch the surface . I use the mini duster on my motorcycle , then hit it with spray detailer and a microfiber brush and it looks newly waxed . I like the dashboard duster too . This is a great family of products and Amazon sells them at a very cheap price.Use them !!
 ~ BACKGROUND ~ I own both the largeCalifornia Car Duster 62443 Car Dusterand small versions of the California Car Duster and they work as advertised.The `` Dash Duster '' works great in wiping the dash , console and doors . Do n't think that because it 's called a `` dash duster '' that it 's limited to just your car dash . Due to it 's size it 's perfect for using inside for shelves , cabinets , entertainment center , televisions , desks , window sills , etc. ~ PROS ~ - Low cost - No recurring cost -LRB- like buying Swiffer refills -RRB- - Low maintenance -LRB- shake out the dust -RRB- - Longevity / durability ~ CONS ~ - A bit of a `` break in '' period , but it 's quick ~ TIPS ~ - Shake it out once in awhile . As it accumulates dust you want to give it a good shake to get rid of the excess . Also you do n't want to trap a piece of debris in the duster and end up dragging it across a scratchable surface . - When it 's new , use it alot . When new it has a bit of an odor and wet feel to it . I think it has some kind of solution possibly for `` attracting '' dust . It could potentially could stain fabric . After a few dustings the odor and odd feel are gone , so do n't worry.Happy dusting !
 Two thumbs up . I ca n't garage my black Porsche and here in the Midwest the spring pollen is so thick that it leaves a yellows dust on the surface of your car . This happens ever single day . It 's almost impossible to keep a car clean . I found people talking about and recommending the California brush on a Porsche forum . My experience - it keeps the car acceptably clean with VERY little effort . I say acceptable because the car does n't magically look freshly wash and have a wax shine but it does look significantly better . I bought the big one for the exterior and it 's size is what makes it so fast to wipe a car down . -LRB- Approx . 1 - 1.5 min . -RRB- This smaller one I plan to use for the interior .
 love these dusters . i have a big one for my truck and a small one for the inside -LRB- dash , doors , etc -RRB- and i just bought another one to keep my computer and desk dust free . they work awesome !
 It 's small for using on the exterior of a car , but it works well on the interior . Leaves surfaces free of lint , hair , dust , etc. . Wo n't remove fingerprints or anything mroe then dust , but it works on dust as advertised . Might need to have another tool to get into small spaces on the dash or console .
 This is by far the best duster I have ever used . I ordered two so that I will have one in my house as well as the car . Works great inboth places ...
 I own the bigger version of this duster for the outside of the car . With a black dash , every speck of dust seems to glare at you . I keep this under the seat in a bag . You can just whip it out and run it across the car instrument panel , etc. and it grabs all the dust particles in seconds .
 bought for my husband and also for myself as he raves about it and uses it two times per week.thank you !
 These gloves are thicker -LRB- made in Malasia -RRB- than the ones -LRB- made in China -RRB- that I usually buy from the big warehouse store here . I 'm very happy with the quality of these gloves .
 While shopping for auto insurance I noticed some companies ask if your vehicle has daytime running lights . I do n't know if one answers yes if any discount is involved but since I owned two that did n't including an older Miata I thought maybe I should go the DRL route . The module works and is relatively easy to install which I did to my fog lights , so I did n't have to worry about early headlight burnout from excessive use . FWIW the newer US Miata 's have the wiring in place for DRL 's since they are required in Canada , I would assume other car manufactures do likewise if they do n't already have DRL 's , GM , VW to name a couple .
 The module arrived promptly . Installs easily . Works as promised . Works better than anticipated . Daytime running lights go off when you turn on the park lights only . Not expected but an awesome feature .
 Great looking bed caps and they fit really well . I would recommend product to other people . I installed them in a few minutes .
 I bought this kit for my 83 Shadow and was a great kit . High quality partsfit perfect . Made in Japan , not China or elsewhere . I usually like to stick withOEM but this K&L ; was just as good . I recommend .
 I wrote a review before and would like to retract an earlier statement about this company . The person replacing this part on my bike did not know what he was doing the part fit fine .
 its easy to install ; no problem with the seatbelt and other control of the seat . . the back pocket is not covered by this seatcover . . fits to my GMC car ...
 These seat covers are great ! They are constructed much better than I had expected , the padding makes them so comfortable and they look really nice too . I looked around a lot before I bought these and I think they are definately worth the price I paid .
 this seatcover is nice and sporty looking.the cushion does n't flattened which is good for reducing a forward blind spot.the securing straps should have been constructed with a larger one so it wo n't slid and be still in place especially when getting off and on into it.otherwise , overall quality , construction and design of this seat is better if not best for its low price !!! wished there could be `` type S '' cover for my 40/60 split bench too !
 I got this seat cover and am using it . I love it ; i think the only thing that i would improve is the straps on the bottom so that it fits the chair a bit better . Very comfortable and sporty looking . Looking to see if they make a bench seat cover for the back of my Ford Escape .
 These seat covers looked good in the picture so I thought that there was no harm , at such a low price , in giving them a try . To tell you the truth I did n't expect much . What a delightful surprise . The seat cover is designed to fit well and to install easily . Not only that but it has a look of quality . The material is smooth and soft , yet sturdy , and adds a significant degree of comfort when driving for any distance . For the price it is simply outstanding . I wish they had a backseat cover .
 Even better than the cheap walmart ones that sometimes will not fit your seat even though it says it should . This seat cover is so comfortable , lots of padding , it can even elevate you if you are short . I got one of these for my 2004 Toyota Corolla S and it clearly improves the cushioning from stock . The price point is well worth it just to try . As soon as I put it on , I was smiling . Very easy to install .
 these seat cushions fit snug , do n't sag , and i 'm completely happy with them , plus the price wo n't set you back
 Good affordable product that does a good job of removing oxidation and bringing out a shine .
 This goes where you put your cup . It 's handy as long as you do n't have too many cups .
 One of the reasons I choose this was the pictured coiled power cord , instead you get the everyday ordinary thin wire cable.Other than that it gets the job done .
 Fits into spare cup slot . Cleaned up and organized the wires for the 3 adapters I run . I was going to build one into my dash . Could not do it for this price . Highly recommend this .
 This works very well in my car ! I have a cb and a radar detector plugged into it and once in awhile my cell phone charger . Never blown a fuse like the other people where talking . Would really suggest to anyone !
 Used this in my MINI cooper , where the one adapter is tucked far away , and there was no way for me to connect my new XM Skydock ; this worked like a charm for that purpose .
 Very convenient for me because I can stick it right in the cup holder and charge a few things like my cell phone , Garmin and my PSP with no problems
 This is a very good product , does exactly what i want it to do . I need to charge my cell phone and operate an MP3 FM transmitter at the same time.I gave it a 4 , not 5 for the inaccurate picture of the product , showing the curly wire . What u get is a straight wire , although this is no big deal for me .
 Does not have the coiled wire that is pictured which is a plus . Low profile and does not slide around in the cup holder . Can take the load of three things plugged in perfectly fine and there is no flickering or overload . Good product only thing is that one of my plugs can slide up alittle bit and then turn off after awhile but i just push it back in when I turn it on and its fine .
 I use this for cutting hoses for water cooling systems . it cuts nice just be careful not too close to the edge of the hose . the cutter wont grip the hose and you will end up w a bent cut . -LRB- give yourself about a 1/2 inch -RRB- only problem I have with this cutter is that it does n't spring open when you unlock it . So you have to use both hands to open the cutter then cut it . minor problem but still it gets annoying .
 This hose cutter works great for cutting non-steel belted hose . Such as nylon air tube and low pressure rubber grease hose . I use it at work to cut all the grease , oil and air lines used on the machine I build . The frame is made out of plastic but if you keep the blade sharp and only use it to cut soft hose materials it should hold up well . I would recommend this cutter to anyone who wants a functional cutter at a good price .
 Receiver was shipped directly from the manufacturer . The carton was open in several places and the receiver was scraped at the ends and at the 2 '' receiver end . I had to force open the end plates on the receiver 1/8 '' for the unit to fit my Explorer 's pre drilled holes . Thankfully the hardware was securely taped to the receiver and no bolts were lost . After installation had to spray paint the receiver to hide all the scrapes . I did not have to drill holes and the bolting was a breeze . The unit is solid and am satisfied with the quality.Packaging was the problem and Amazon should expect that suppliers deliver their products properly wrapped and secure .
 I installed the Curt 13540 Hitch on my 2002 2-door Ford Explorer Sport with a full size spare tire . It matched up perfectly with the factory holes in the chassis frame . I had to do no more than bolt on the hitch . The instructions said approximately 25 minutes for a do-it-yourselfer , but it took me about 1 hour start to finish including removing the spare , getting set up with all of the tools I would need , etc. . I also took the opportunity to shoot some air into the spare while I had it off . A very easy installation . The only negatives are the fact that the hitch broke through the box during delivery and scratched off some of the paint to bare metal where it is visible after installation , and that Curt placed a paper based adhesive UPC sticker on the end where it was also visible . I carefully scraped off the sticker and removed the adhesive with some WD-40 and a little elbow grease . As for the minor scratches , it is , after all , a trailer hitch mounted to the underside of a truck . So I 'm not going to worry about them . I 'm very pleased with the purchase . This would have cost much more to have a hitch installed for me .
 The product seems to be great . It was a little tough to install though , but not too bad . I installed one side , but did n't tighten it down all the way , but when I moved to the other side , it was n't fitting . After a struggle , I decided to install the second side first . This time , it worked just fine . Hooked up my cargo carrier and was on my way . Nice product . I do have to say though , the shipping package was pretty sad . It came in a box with nothing to keep the receiver from shifting around inside it . The corners of the box were torn up , but the product itself was not damaged . A little padding or packing material would have been good .
 Showed up on time and fit great . It took about 20 minutes to install and all the parts were in the package .
 So easy to install . I let my dog install it . took him about 1 hour . great quality and looks great .
 Took me about 1/2 hour to install and it fit like a glove . It is just what I wanted . Thanks .
 Simple , straight forward installation . All bolts aligned perfectly except for one . I do n't know whether my frame was tweaked or the hitch was slightly off . After some struggling , I got all of the bolts through and after tightening the nuts down evenly everything socked in nice and tight . Overall quality of the materials , welds , and paint are very good.I recommend dropping the spare tire for more room when installing the hitch . It does fit with the full size spare , but for an extra few minutes get the tire out of the way first . That is also a good time to inspect and check the spare tire pressure as well as lube the cable assembly that holds the spare up into the body . If you do n't know how to get the spare down now is also a good time to learn how . Check the owner 's manual or You-tube . Also note that on the two-door Explorer Sport model , the tow hook must be removed because it is in the way of the hitch . Surprisingly , the large nuts were not frozen onto the bolts of my 12-year-old SUV . You might get lucky too . Penetrating oil always helps.I suggest that when on your back look for a round plug covered by a rubber cap under one or both of the tail light areas -LRB- no dissembly required -RRB- . Those are the pre-installed trailer lighting connection points . The light adapter can be found on Amazon for less than $ 10 . It plugs right in with no cutting . Only one is needed.Lastly , wear safety glasses for heaven 's sake . There will invariably be rust and crud that rains down as you fuss around under the truck . It is cheap way to save your sight .
 I just purchased this CURT hitch for my 1999 Ford Explorer Limited . My truck still has the full size spare tire under the hatch area . This hitch fit perfectly around the spare tire and bolted right on . The only issue I had was with the packaging of the hitch . The hitch was packaged in a large rectangle shaped cardboard box . The box is not filled with peanuts and the hitch is not wrapped with bubble wrap or anything to protect it . Well during shipping it is inevitable that there is going to be some damaged done to the hitch . My hitch had dings and scrapes and paint chipped off . I had to repaint sections of the hitch to help prevent the bare metal from rusting right away . CURT manufacturing should take some advise and at least wrap the hitch in bubble wrap before you place it in the unprotected cardboard box . Bubble wrap would have definitely protected my hitch from the damage caused by shipping . If Curt spent the an extra 50 cents worth of bubble wrap they would have gotten 5 stars from me and I am sure a lot of more satisfied customers .
 I bought this receiver hitch for my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport . I use it mainly when i transport my dirt bike on a trailer that relies solely on the square hitch . It was not difficult to install at all , just be sure to torque to the right settings . Good buy .
 I own a 2003 Explorer Sport and this hitch is perfect for this vehicle . The installation would be easy for this SUV but mine has had some rear end damage from a few accidents . All I had to do was remove the bumper and I was able to install the hitch with no problems . The great thing about this hitch on this vehicle is that it follows the lines of the bumper and if you should have a flat tire you will have not problem accessing the spare tire . No drilling is required , the hitch utilizes hole in the frame that already exist . great purchase , highly recommended
 It 's a big piece of metal that attaches to your car , and has a big hole into which you can fit useful things like bike racks , boat trailers , etc. . It 's a good value compared to the competitors -LRB- especially with free shipping from Amazon ! -RRB- . What else can I say ? Installation would have been easy with the included instructions and hardware -LRB- though you will need a torque wrench -RRB- , but part of my Explorer frame that this wanted to bolt onto was a little bent somehow which required a trip to a body shop to straighten out . It feels very solid and while not exactly `` low profile '' , is n't ugly to look at . I guess you could even say it adds a certain manly flair when hauling around my daughter 's Barbie bike .
 I had a slight problem with this hitch because it fits so perfectly . My bumper hung slightly down due to a probable overload of the bumper at some point . -LRB- No visible accident damage . -RRB- After loosening the bumper to frame bolts and resetting the bumper , this hitch fit perfectly to my 2000 Explorer XLT . I also bought theHopkins 40915 Plug-In Simple Wiring Kit for Ford Explorer 1995-2000 / Mercury Mountaineer 1996-2001 -LRB- another 5 star product -RRB- and now have a professional looking receiver and 4-wire light kit for less than $ 145 TOTAL . With Amazon Prime the shipping was free -LRB- My favorite price . -RRB- Items were ordered Wednesday afternoon , received at my place of work , Friday morning .
 The Curt Class III trailer hitch 13540 that I ordered was delivered 1 1/2 days Earlier than promised ! Thank You for your promt service . The trailer hitch fit perfect just as described , and you wo n't find it cheaper Anywhere ! other than me having fumble fingers , it installed with ease in about an hour or so , thats my time . Could n't be more pleased with my purchase and would recomend Anyone to buy from this seller ! Thanks Again , I needed to use my trailer the same day I installed the hitch , Perfect Timming !
 This fit my 1996 Explorer just right . Had no problems intalling in less than 15 minutes . Fits around the spare tire . I was worried about an online purchase for this sort of thing , but turned out to be a good product .
 hey o bought this thinking i would at least have to drill ... that in mind i had it installed on my truck in 18 min and it says it should take 25 . does what it has to easy install and easy opening packaging . what more could one ask for ?
 I got this for my 1997 Explorer and the install was a snap it took me longer to get it out of the box then it took me to mount it super simple thanks !!
 Easy to install . Just what I ordered . Installed in less than 30 min . Great price also no issues
 I am very happy with this hitch it is very heavy duty and easy to install . Installed it by my self in about 20 minutes.I have had other hitches that did not fit as well . I Would recomed it .
 The part of the splash guard that is against the body side is flexible plastic , which results in the OEM appearance . Installation requires quite a bit of pressure to hold the splash guard tight against the body while drilling and screwing inside the wheel well . It is tricky for one person , but with a helper to hold it in place , installation is very simple . The end result looks close to vehicle-specific dealer installed splash guards .
 Costs a fraction of what factory mudflaps cost . Mounted easily , looks great - and still looking great after almost a year!Good Stuff .
 I needed a subdue light for the ashtray that would not ruin night vision . The lights are perfect for that , but I 'm only giving 4 of 5 stars as you have to use the cigar lighter to power them . The wires are so thin that tapping into the dash lighting could be frustrating . For now they serve their purpose very well .
 When the dash lights burned out on my car I found it would cost hundreds of bucks to have them replaced , since they are so difficult to access.This is a nice , inexpensive solution , as long as you do n't mind the tiny wires running from the cigarette lighter to the small lamps on the dash . Each lamp is only approx . 0.5 inches square -LRB- 1.2 cm -RRB- , and approx . 0.3 inches high -LRB- 0.8 cm -RRB- . The on/off switch on the plug that goes into the lighter socket is easy to use , to turn them off when not needed .
 My husband and I are team drivers . Our new truck did not have foot well lights installed . As we drive through the night , a soft light is very convenient and these lights are perfect . Just plug into your vehicle 's 12v power outlet -LRB- cigarette lighter -RRB- and place where convenient . The wires are long enough to stretch across , very lightweight . Although there is adhesive on the back , we have not installed them , but simply hooked them where we wanted them . The on/off switch is very convenient so that you do n't have to keep plugging/unplugging the lights . Work great , affordable price , fast service . Ca n't ask for more than that ! : -RRB-
 I love these ! Especially the fact that they have an on/off button ! And they wo n't turn on unless the key is in the ignition so you do n't have to worry about them draining your car battery by getting left on accidentally . They are very inconspicuous .
 I added these lights in my KIA Sorento cause it was very dark inside the SUV at night . 2 in the front and 2 in the back down low by your feet and that did the trick ; not too bright to bother your driving yet if you want to find something , you can . Many Thanks !!!!!!
 We have used this product for over 30 years . We use to buy it in the store but now the only place I ever see it is on line . A wonderful product you do n't have to advertise . Cost and speed of delivery very nice .
 Great fit and Yes these are that orange color for 91 and 90 . The side plates can be purchased on EBAY .
 I 'd just installed a rebuilt high performance radiator , but due to the small space of my installation and the small area of the radiator -LRB- about 16 '' x 17 '' -RRB- I was still running hot . Doing a lot of research I found this high performance cooling fan and then found it here at Amazon for almost half of the price of high performance auto sites ! I set it up as a pusher in front of the radiator and now my around town cooling problems are solved . Moves 2400 CFM of air and draws about 17 AMPS while only being 4 inches thick . Install was quick and the results were spectacular . I highly recommend this fan .
 If you 've looked at Jeg 's or Summit catalogs -LRB- even online -RRB- , these guys have them beat ! Even E-bay 's lowest price was $ 122 plus shipping . This was available with free shipping when I purchased it . Moves 2500 cfm , and I use two to cool a 310hp V-10 4x4 . I live where its over 100 degrees for 3 months each summer . Very sturdy . I believe Flex-A-Lite makes OEM fans for some Ford and Chevy products from what I 've read .17 amps is not bad whan most alternators put out 75 to 135 amps.Great A/C fan as a pusher , also cools as a puller . Do n't hesitate to buy one .
 Got this fan to replace an engine powered unit in a vintage Jaguar to give myself a few extra horses and relieve some of the strain on the old water pump bearings . I originally was going to buy a no-name version but after some internet research I decided that the flex-a-lite would be worth the extra few bucks . This fan draws a good number of amps so if installing it in an old car be sure to upgrade the alternator.In my Jag at idle it cools it down and shuts off in less than a minute at 70 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- . I used a flex-a-lite adjustable fan controller which is also a nice piece of kit.All in all , a really good product at a very good price . Similar no-names cost about $ 80 with shipping and I 've heard some horror stories about cheap fans coming apart at speed . This one is fully balanced and seems to run quite smoothly .
 have been using this now for over 6 months with no problem . I also got the adjustable temp control unit .
 Flex a lite builds great fans . I dont think I have ever burned up a flex a lite and I use them on every vehicle I buy . They 're great ! I 've bought cheap fans and burned them up , too .
 I 'll be honest , I just was n't completely satisfied with the ability of other fans . I 'm 6 ' 8 '' tall and when I 'm in my full custom tailored genuine ruby leather Michael Jackson outfit , I want to know that my re-creation of the video ` BAD ' is done with the highest level of passion . This fan , combined with authentic Michael Jackson moves i 've been working on , gives what I want , when I want . ... Stay cool , cause I am .
 For the holidays , I usually like to go to my favorite hotel to get lost . Unfortunately , I 'm a smoker and the rooms I 'm booked into smell like they just had a poker game . I decided to get this for my latest trip.Within 3 hours after plugging it in , the smell left and even after I had a cigarette , the odor was gone within an hour . I 'll probably leave the room smelling better than when I checked in.Great product . And yes , I will eventually quit smoking .
 I bought three of these , and they are amazing.I have one next to our guinea pig cage -LRB- we have 5 -RRB- , and the downstairs always smells bad . Now , unless you are right next to the cage , you ca n't smell a thing.I put the second in our diaper changing room . Its amazing . The smell of dirty diapers used to waft into our kitchen , but no more.Lastly , I put the third next to our dogs cage in our room . She is a big dog , and not completely house trained . Up side , our room does n't smell like dog at all . Down side , when she messes in her crate we do n't smell it , we have to find it in the morning.As a whole , they are amazing . I have been struggling with odors for so long , and refuse to spray a bunch of chemicals in the air to mask them . This little device just sucks them up . We leave them on 24/7 and so far we are just shy of 1/2 way through the life of the first filter , and we 've had them for almost 3 weeks . Looks like we 'll go through one filter every 6-7 weeks.All in all , five stars . You ca n't hear it running unless you get right up next to it , and it even has a small pad on the backside of the unit so it wo n't droop against the wall .
 This air filter is without a doubt the best thing that has ever happened to me . Seems a little melodramatic , right ? I 'm not kidding . Some people get married , some people have children , and some people finally find a way to cover up the disgusting and off-putting smell of their cat 's litter box . The latter happened to me and now I 'm here to tell you one thing
 I 've used this in rooms with pet odors and even milk spills on carpet that needed a cleaning job that I could n't get to until the next day . It really controls the odor ! I love it .
 It works just like it claims , but even with the discounted price at Amazon I think it is very overpriced .
 I ca n't say enough good about this product ... it is amazing ! I put one next to my cat 's litter box and it has worked wonders . I have always tried to find a product that could help control the odor , and this is it ! It is not instant , so do n't expect immediate perfection . However , within an hour or so after my cats use their box , the odor has been absorbed and is only faintly noticeable . Then a little while longer and the smell is gone completely . In the past , the smell would creep out of the room and into the stairwell , but no more ! Now , after long days at work I only very rarely come home to a smelly cat box . While there does n't seem to be a huge difference from the standard filters , I use theOdor Removal Filter for Petsand have received wonderful results.One thing to know is that it does create a soft fan sound at all times , and it also has a blue nightlight on the top that ca n't be turned off separately from the fan . Neither of these has been an issue for me , just something to keep in mind .
 I put this in the bathroom and it works great ! It has a quiet , rhythmatic fan sound to it . Anyone who owns a litter box knows that no matter how often you clean it & scoop it out , it still smells terrible . With this , no one will ever guess you have a litter box ! I 'll def . be buying extra filters for this ! FYI - I paired this with the Holmes HEPA-Type Air Purifier .
 amazon has the best price around . still expensive . maybe target stores are cheaper ? but mail is fun . it is wide so check your plug if it is close to a perpendicular wall 1st ! has blue light on top all times . dont know how long filter will last yet . havent bought them yet . great for small areas . little noise but a whir . nothing obnoxious . i think you can get scents for these . if you know what kind and where to get these for cheapest , please let me know by contacting me here on amazon . thanks so much ! watch for my reviews ... as i buy a lot on amazon and ebay ! peace !
 I bought this odor remover in hopes it would help reduce the strong cat box smell in our bonus room . Our cat box is in a hidden enclosure in our bonus room , however in the hallway and stairs you could smell it , even though it was cleaned daily . The smell of both the dirty and clean -LRB- scented cat litter -RRB- cat box was eliminated ! I was hoping I would n't have to buy a $ 75 + air cleaner and I 'm glad I found this one.Yes there is a blue night-light thing on top , yes it emits a low whirring sound , but light is low key and the sound of the fan is not really noticeable . Those are VERY minor things when compared to the benefits this little thing provides . I do n't really understand the negative reviewers getting hung up on either of those two things . If those are that big of a deal , by all means go out and spend a LOT more money on something else that will do the same job!This product does the job I expected it to , for a fantastic price and we CAN NOT smell the cat box anymore ! I would definitely buy it again !
 I was skeptical when ordering this appliance . But , am pleased with it so far . We are using it in our office at our automotive shop due to taking our dog with us to work . We have customers that come into the office to pay their invoices and I do n't want the office smelling like the dog or her food . I plugged it in close to my desk and the dog 's bed . It keeps the area within 6-7 feet of the unit fresh . Considering it is a large room , I also put an automatic air freshener in the room as well to cover the rest of the area ; but could have easily put another one of these units closer to the entrance door and probably been happier than with the auto freshener . I could not be happier unless it covered more area . But if I want more coverage , I will order a larger air cleaner.The scent pack that came with this started off with a bang but died down quickly and that is why I gave it just four stars . I would not however , hesitate to buy more of them . I want to put them in our bathrooms . Do n't expect instant air purification but it does not take long for it to remove the odors in the area it is expected to freshen .
 I have two cats , and their cat boxes smell . I have them in the laundry room off the spare bathroom . I hate that the bathroom smells when I have company . The smell even wafts into the front door entry across from the spare bathroom and out into the living room . I bought two of these , and hoped against hope that this would work . I have been using some Febreze spray and its only works momentarily and leaves a sticky residue on the floor that attracts dirt and it gross to walk on . Not good to have near cat boxes . I got these in the mail , and they were much bigger than expected . They are not expecially attractive and i 'm glad they are n't in my bed room because the included light is really bright . I placed them near the cat boxes , and I was very disappointed because hours later I still had smell . I thought they were n't working . But , i had placed them on the far side of the boxes from the living room and hallway entires . So , I moved them on the other side between the enterances and the cat boxes , and though further from the boxes , the smell was elliminated in minutes . I am now very pleased with the results . I have no smell in the spare bathroom or the living area of the house . I did dock one star for the ugly factor . I think they are really unattractive . Good thing they work so well , or I 'd never buy another one .
 I bought this specifically to hang over my cats ' litter box and food area to reduce odors . I did n't expect much , but this filter made an immediate and noticeable difference in the air around the box . It wo n't block a particularly overwhelming smell at the moment it occurs , but it keeps the general area much fresher overall . This is great because the litter is n't too far from our kitchen , unfortunately , and this really makes that situation acceptable.I enjoy the small night-light as well , just to give a little more illumination in a dark corner.Overall I recommend this product .
 We bought a toddler bed off Craig 's List and spray-painted it to match my son 's room . But , even after airing out in the back yard for two days , his room reeked of paint fumes as soon as we moved it inside . I was very concerned about the VOC 's . We plugged in one of these little suckers right next to his bed , and VOILA ! In a matter of hours the room was fresh . We liked it so much that we purchased another for our sunroom -LRB- which tragically smells like our landscaper 's pesticide every time it rains -RRB- .
 I bought this item to get rid of the odor from my chinchillas ' cage . Within an hour of plugging it in the odor was gone . This product is a great , cheap way to eliminate odors !
 I purchased one of these air cleaners for a bottom-of-the-stairs area where there is poor air circulation and where bad odors tend to linger . It cleaned the air quickly . The unit can be a little noisy , so I just use the handy on/off switch on the side to turn it on whenever I notice the odors building up . I then turn it off a couple of hours later when the odor is gone . I thought the night light feature was silly at first , but since the location can be darker than the surrounding areas , the light has turned out to be a nice feature . Overall , it suits its purpose well .
 Bought this to combat winter time litter box odors , as the windows are shut tight ! In the summertime , the windows are open as I use a swamp cooler.Plugged in the unit right by the litter boxes , within a few hours you could tell the difference and this is with the standard filter that is included ! The litter boxes are in the dining room right now which is open to the kitchen and lets out into the living room via the hallway.Before , there was a definite litter smell throughout the kitchen and living room , especially if you were down at floor level . Now , you ca n't even tell there 's litter boxes unless there 's something especially fresh , which the filter takes care of fairly fast . I even had a relative visit and she could n't even tell I had cats!The included scent cartridge is super strong at first , and has since worn off to an acceptable level . The unit is a little noisy , after a while it blends in with the rest of the background noise . The switch on the side of the unit lets you turn it off quickly for meals if needed .
 I was a bit skeptical about this product . After doing reseaech and reading tons of reviews , i decided to try itm to my amazement , this thing works ! I have a 1 bedroom apt with a car and this machine has taken all odors out .
 These work . I have them all over the house . They are the very best thing I have found for reducing odor near litter boxes . Initially they struck me as a little expensive for something so small , but they are worth it . Highly recommend.Tip
 This thing works very well in a small 6 x 10 room with the cat 's litter box . It has decent air flow , but I 'm not sure how well it could handle a large room .
 Using this near to cat litter box definitely reduces odor and sometimes removes entirely . It depends on how recently I 've been cleaning it out , which stirs up odors , and I tend to scoop frequently during day . It 's placed within the recommended distance from box but is not optimal due to placement of outlet . I 'm considering plugging unit into an extension cord and see if being closer helps . I 've also ordered a 3-pack of the filters specifically for Pet Odors and will try to report back on whether they work any better . Definitely recommend !
 At work we have no exhaust fan to get rid of the odors in the ladies room.I bought this in the hopes that it would help at least some . It works wonderfully !! I even removed it from the restroom and moved it to our kitchen because someone cooked fish and smelled up most of the office . It says it only works for about a six foot area . Let me tell you , this thing pulled the smell pretty much from the entire office in about an hour . It 's back working its wonderfulness in the restroom again , and I will gladly get the refill filters for this .
 Bought this for my Laundry / Litter room which also happens to be the the garage entrance to my home , and the entrance that most `` friends '' use ... wanted something to take the `` bite '' out of any initial Cat odor when entering my home ... . so far I am pleased with the results ... the unit is a little `` nosier '' than I expected , and were I using it in an `` occupied '' room , it would probably bother me ... . I like the night light ... . too soon to tell how long the filters last based on the `` RED BAR ''
 This little baby works great ! We 've tried everything to rid our house of that `` old house '' smell , nothing worked . This is a little noisy but it actually works ! Cleans the air it 's no longer stuffy !
 I will add my voice to those who have had success with this product . We recently adopted two large male cats who are fastidious about covering , but no matter what food we bought -LRB- indoor cat formula to control odor -RRB- or how many times a day we cleaned the litter box , you could still smell it in the house . I tried spray products , candles , everything I could think of . Nothing has worked until now . I keep this running constantly and you can no longer tell there is a litter box in the house . I have to keep their box in the laundry room and this helps keep the litter dust under control as well . I am thoroughly delighted with this product and recommend it wholeheartedly .
 I 've had my units for a little over a year and they 're still running strong . I purchased one for my bedroom , since I had up 2 dogs and 2 cats sleeping in there with me , and you could definitely tell by the smell . I also put one in closer to the litter box , which unfortunately is in the master bath . My master bath is open up to the bedroom , and though there 's a door , the people who built this place left part of the wall to the area open in order to accommodate the glass shower stall , much to my chagrin . So , I got it for that reason as well.I do feel that these help to reduce the smells , but I 've noticed certain filters work better than others . I started to purchase the True Air filter for pets , since Amazon offers a 3-pack at great price . They have the initial pet filter found on the Febreze filters , but they also have a baggy/pouch of a sorts attached to the back , which I assume is filled with carbon or similar . However , I feel that I had better results with the basic Febreze filters , or maybe it 's all in my head . It still works , but I just do n't feel it works as well . Since I get Prime Shipping and they 're less expensive , I 'll probably continue to get them anyway , but may try to the old Febreze version one more time to test this . I also noticed that it 's less dusty in my bathroom , which helps with my allergies some.As far as the unit goes , I do feel that they 're well made and have lasted longer than I thought they would , considering the price . I also leave mine on 24/7 . The fan does produce some `` white noise , '' but it 's much quieter than the bathroom fan . It kind of reminds me of computer fan when you boot one up . I can still talk on the phone and watch TV , and do n't really notice it . I plan to buy more of these for the bedroom and put the initial 2 in the hallway and other helpful areas , since I do n't care for the night light in my room . The light is adequate for lighting up spaces and is blue , which would be helpful at night in other parts of the house . It does n't work too well in large , open-layout areas , unless you get several . So , that may be something to consider.If you 're getting one for litter boxes , I would definitely recommend cleaning the area well and cleaning the litter box -LRB- or buy a new one -RRB- . It 'll help eliminate that initial cat smell , but it 's not likely to help with old , residual smells all that well if it 's too strong.I 'd say that if you have one , and feel that it 's not working as well as you hope , to try another filter . If you have pets , then obviously get one meant for pets if that 's your goal . I do have to say my mother mentioned she does n't smell anything when she visits , although I do steam clean before she does ha . This is also with one of those Litter Lockers in the bathroom as well -LRB- highly recommend if you 're a lazy litter scooper -RRB- . That 's pretty good for so many pets though ! I had mine off for about 2 months , due to lack of money and no filters , and definitely noticed the difference .
 It eliminates odors very nicely , is fairly inexpensive and the filters are priced well too . I put one of these in my bathroom . The electrical outlet there only gets power wen the bathroom light is on so it works out very well.Mine doesnt have the nightlight which isnt a big deal either way for me . I like the way it only uses one of the outlets and leaves the other free and open.I would recommend this product when you need to keep a small space smelling good and odor-free .
 this thing works like a champ . i bought it to hopefully relieve the `` boy '' smell in my son 's room and it worked like a champ . my eliminator has the night light feature which is really nice . i 'm online now buying more replacement filters !
 I ordered two of these air filters to handle my husband 's cigarette smoking . I have allergies and the smoke burns my eyes . These filters have been great ! I bought one for the bedroom and one for the living room . Our house is small , and they totally do the job . You can ` hear ' the fans , but I find it to be a low ` white ' noise . No more than a ceiling fan or a low standing fan . I did have one make a rattling noise , but it was because I did not have it snapped properly in place . Once I lined everything properly and securely , no extra noise.I have had them for a month and have not replaced the filters yet . They nightlight is nice , but I would like the option to turn it off . -LRB- Especially in the bedroom . -RRB- Otherwise , I have no complaints . I will buy replacement filters and continue to use this product .
 This unit works very well at helping to remove the smell of smoke from cigarettes . Have ordered another for the bathroom to see how it does with other odors ...
 I put one of these next to my two busy litterboxes , and it does an effective job of eliminating odors . Surprising for something so small and inexpensive . One filter lasts me about one month . Recommended .
 I did n't pay attention to dimensions so I was surprised by the size of the Febreeze Odor Removal Appliance . It 's bigger than I thought . I imagined something along the lines of the plug in air fresheners . Luckily , it fit where I needed it -- in the bathroom , where the cat food sits ... and smells like cat food.About an hour later , I come in to see how it was doing . The cat food is still there but the scent is all gone . I am impressed , so impressed that I am buying another one for the laundry room , where the litter box sits.OTHER PERTINENT INFORMATION : This unit sports a night light . It has a quiet fan , like a soft whisper . It is not annoyingly loud . This is an air filter , so no overpowering scents , just fresh , clean air . The filter has an indicator to show when the filter needs changing .
 Thus is a great product . While a tad overpriced , the little device is basically a fan with a replaceable charcoal filter . The filter does a great job at removing odors and I have one of these in the bathroom and one near the kitchen . While it will not really filter your air like many other HEPA filters , it is much cheaper and less noisy . If all you need a little device to remove pet odors , some funky kitchen smells etc , this does the job well .
 It does the job for small odors , but when you have the smell of curry coming up through your pipes from your downstairs neighbors the scent cartridge mixes with it and makes the smell worse .
 I really think this products does a great job in helping to eliminate odors throughout the house . I use it in the foyer , upstairs hall and near the powder room in the hall on the first floor , also near the laundry room . It also filters small dust particles from the air which helps because I have allergies . Thanks
 My other TruAir machine lasted over a year and we use it daily in our small bathroom . This TruAir odor removal machine is even better , it has a blue light on the top . I recommend this TrueAir appliance in small spaces and I LOVE it !
 ... which is where I send my smoking friends ! Also use it with the Hamilton Beach 04291F Odor Removal Filter for Tobacco - also purchased through Amazon . Quite a nifty and out-of-the-way product .
 So , you rate the bags a 4 out of 5 because you have trouble removing your seat ??!!! That seems to be your problem and not a problem with Tourmaster or the bags themselves.Some people have NO clue how to rate things properly.The bags are great not a problem at all .
 This product is high quality , I have a Honda VTLX 600 CC and the product looks very well . I have problems with the installation delate aprox 1 hour because the seat was very complicate to reinstall . The manual installation is no very clear , but a the end I am happy with the product , I bought the large size and I think if you have many things to carry the Extra large is better.I recomend to the manufactures add a lock key for the bags and the zippers , then if you leave your moto outside in any place you do n't have to worry about thiefs .
 What a great way to keep my stuff from sliding around my cargo area ! As a sales rep , I have to carry quite a bit of literature and product samples in plastic totes when I travel . Although I have a no-slip cargo tray in the back of my Forester , my totes still tend to slide around under braking or hard acceleration . The Highland cargo bar has completely eliminated that problem . I ca n't comment on the accessory net because I do n't use it , but I would highly recommend the cargo bar for anyone looking for an affordable solution to shifting cargo . Just make sure you measure your hatch before ordering to ensure fitment , and you 'll need a relatively flat wall where you intend to install the bar .
 We got this when we purchase our Graco double stroller . I was sick of my huge single Graco stroller taking up the entire cargo space of our Honda Pilot because it was lying flat . I had to stack all the groceries on top and around it . We had to remove it to put the dog in the back.I saw this , and its extra work , but it holds back the stroller on its side against the seat . It takes up about a 1/3 of the cargo space , and the rest I use for groceries and having a flat clear spot to change the baby.When I go out I have to put the kids away first to load the stroller first . Then , put in the bar then the groceries . It 's a little extra work that is totally worth it . Practice using the bar and loading and unloading the stroller at home . I think its awesome.We removed the bag because we remove it so often , but the bag was nice quality . It says it does n't scratch your car , which is true . However , it will leave scuffs . They easily wipe off , but you will have to wipe periodically to remove them all.There are holds and a pin to fix the length , or you can telescope adjust it like a removable shower curtain rod .
 This is a nice product . It is study and should be very convenient to use . For most non commercial applications , this is strong enough without being too heavy to handle .
 Got this cargo bar and net for a 2008 Ford Escape Hybrid . Selected the Highland model 91420 because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it was a twisting -LRB- non-ratcheting -RRB- bar , so I felt it might have better fine tune adjusting so the interior plastic it would place pressure on in mounting would not crack and -LRB- 2 -RRB- I liked the two intermediate hooks to hold the hammock style cargo net up on the bar versus sagging.The item was received today and has been installed . My biggest initial shock was that the bar was not black as stated on Amazon 's website . The actual color is black/silver . My next biggest shock was each end is a different color , and in trying to install the cargo net I could not get the gold end back on . It was like it would not thread . I found a number online to call Highland -LRB- 800.234.6992 -RRB- . I could not find a number to contact them at with the packaging . The Highland person was very nice . He pulled another bar and stated it also had two different colored ends - silver and gold . I would list the different colored ends as my only product con so far . So much so , I might return it . The Highland person could not offer any suggestions on why I could not reinstall the gold end . After hanging up with him , I figured it out . It is reverse threaded.One thing I wanted to know before ordering the item was the net size . I have measured it -LRB- unstretched -RRB- as 22 '' x 45 '' . The 45 '' dimension is the one that stretches longer . The diamond shaped netting holes are 1.5 '' high and wide.Other than the different colored ends which I wish were black , I am very happy . It seems heavy duty . I absolutely love the two intermediate net hooks . They are more versatile in use than I expected . And it is a good thing the rubber ends swivel . The rubber feet did not leave black marks as I adjusted the bar moving them against the interior plastic slightly.Solely because of the different colored ends , I can not give this item 5 stars . I 'll have to knock it down to 4 stars .
 This cargo bar adjusts to fit perfectly in my 2007 GMC Yukon , I received it within three days of ordering , installation was very simple , I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a cargo bar for a large SUV .
 I have a 2006 RAV4 . I have tried several different kinds of ventilation window deflectors before , without success . Even though they said they would fit my car - they never did . I was frustrated , and had almost given up . Then I saw these , so I decided to try one more time . These arrived within the expected time , and I just put them in this afternoon . These fit great , and I 'm glad I got them . BEWARE , however , that the picture implies that all four windows are covered with this order . This is NOT the case - this Item # -LRB- 81412 -RRB- is only for the BACK WINDOWS . If you want all four windows - you 'll need to order WeatherTech Item # 82412 . I will be ordering the front pair , which is Item # 80412 . I wish the Amazon web site had this information when I was ordering initially , but - oh well . Other than the lack of complete information on the product -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- , I 'm very happy .
 A very nice item . Works like a charm and comes with the battery . Just what I needed to replace my broken factory one . The dealer was going to try to charge me over $ 100.00 for one .
 The Chevrolet remote key Fob worked as listed , programming was easy to do , would do business again with this company .
 I am so pleased with my new remote ! The price was great , and it works very well . The only thing was that it was advertised that programming instructions came with it , but the insturctions I received was a website that did not give instructions on how to program . So I looked it up on youtube.com and programing was easy .
 the old one just plain wore out . the new one is identical and programming was very easy . plan to buy another for a spare
 The item arrived and it was easy to program for the vehicle . It does not quite have the same feel as the originals - the buttons are a bit more &#34; sunken in &#34; , but it works well . I would buy from again if I needed another .
 The price was right and worked great and would buy another if needed also would recommend to others if looked for this item
 I live in NJ and endured Irene -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and Sandy -LRB- 2012 -RRB- quite well while running on this generator.I have my 4582 hardwired to the house through an automatic 100A transfer switch for critical loads , loads which puts a constant 41A @ 240V loads and up to 20A of intermittent loads . The 4582 is located in a homemade shed about 30 ' from my home to reduce noise.More than half of the 41A constant load is a `` server farm '' , which would be considered sensitive electronics.During and after Irene , the 4582 ran constantly for 11 days , 7 hours without any issues whatsoever.During and after Sandy , the 4582 ran constantly for 4 days , 11 hours without any issues whatsoever.I changed the oil and the filter after both storms , then drained out all the gas from the fuel tank through a t-fitting and pepcock I added for this purpose . The generator is then run until the line is empty.Since I bought it , I 've poured in about 1/2 gallon of gas and run it without a load until it 's dry and the battery also has a trickle charger to keep it ready for instant starts regardless of weather.During both storms my 4582 produced 238V with minimally varying frequency between 59.1 hz and 60.7 hz . I have digital gauges wired to my transfer switch to monitor this.Those of you having issues with the frequency wandering around is due to surging , which means you need to lube the mechanism that manages this and also clean out the carburetor to prevent surging.In summery , it 's a workhorse generator that will provide years of service and reliability if you maintain it .
 I am very happy with this generator , but I would not recommend using it for electronic equipment -LRB- computers , TV 's , etc -RRB- , as it is not very stable , especially under large loads.I ran a test to see what it could handle , below is a description of the items I turned on , and the order in which they were enabled . I connected this generator up to my whole house using a 200 amp manual transfer switch , which was professionally installed by an electrician . The transfer switch has a watt-ometer on it , so I can estimate how much wattage I am using .1 -RRB- 100 Gallon Hot Water Heater
 Solid performance , easy to assemble , generally a good machine , but heavy and loud.I installed a manual switch to disconnect from main supply . It will easily run my entire house -LRB- A/C , W/H , stove , micro , freezer , etc. . -RRB- . Nice to have here in south FL . Neighbors like to know I have it , but dislike it when I run it every week or so to keep it in good condition because it is LOUD . Somehow they seem to forget about the noise when the power goes out and I save their frozen food ... . Hmmmm?I used an engine hoist to lift it to put on the wheels etc. . Could n't imagine trying to assemble it without one . Be careful when filling oil because for some reason it 's difficult to see on the dipstick - Very easy to overfill .
 Assembly instructions clear . Best to have some equipment to hold the unit off the floor to install the underparts , -LRB- wheels , etc. -RRB- Too heavy for one person to pick up -LRB- Unless you are VERY strong -RRB- . Performance is great , has an economy feature that idles the engine back when the load lessens . Use ear protection when running , especially in an area with walls . Very pleased with the unit .
 I have had this generator for one year now . I bought it after hurricane Ivan . I used it for 4 days after hurrican Dennis and it never missed a lick . I kicked off 8 tons of ac with it -LRB- staggered the starts -RRB- and basically it ran my whole house with the stove and hot water heaters turned off.It does burn a lot of fuel and it is loud . I wired through the 50 amp outlet.RM
 This unit is a reliable beast . I suspect that direct buyers -LRB- no local dealer -RRB- might have difficulties getting their generator to peak perform , right off the pallet . This unit generally requires some fine tuning to run smoothly , and if you are not mechanically adept , buy a smaller unit with a Honda . The Generac motor has been around for a long time , and is a very reliable -LRB- as in better than the riding mower engines -RRB- power plant . It does need to be tuned to run with the demand . It has a controlled idle that jumps around a bit as your electrical load varies , but is normal . If you are not a tweaker , get the Honda . -LRB- See above . -RRB- I converted my unit to tri-fuel , and use on natural gas . Paid $ 1350 for the beast and about $ 400 for the conversion kit . All copper windings , made in Wisconsin . Buy American when you can .
 I have bought and installed two Guardian/Generac 15,000 kw generators with very little effort and they have performed nearly perfectly . Considering the price and the terrific capability I am very satisfied . My brother has installed the more sophisticated version with with the automatic switching panel . I just did a fast and easy installation by backfeeding the house panel . I installed a 4-leg heavy-duty 75 amp `` welding '' outlet protected by 50 amp breakers attached to the main house breaker panel . Then I made a 4-leg , 8 gauge double female end extension cord and connected the generator to the 4-leg panel outlet . In a power outage I open the main panel breakers to separate the house panel from utility power , connect the extension cord , start the generator , and close the generator 's 50 amp breakers and the breakers protecting the 50 amp `` welding '' outlet . Then I can run anything connected to the main panel up to the capacity of the generator
 7/2009 have beeen useing this generator for a year now no problems at all . Have many events with my concession trailer powers evetything with no problems . In the winter I added gas stabalizer and ran the gen till the carbs were empty with gas turned off . Ran it once during the winter just to run it for 15 min under load . Again turned off gas and ran gen till carbs were dry . Come summer it started up first try . I can say that am glad I chose this product2008 I got this generator within 5 days . The truck pulled up with no lift gate . The driver suggested off loading it to the bed of my pickup , had to get 2 others to help us . once off loaded to my pickup the driver was like ok later its all yours . Took me a few hours to rig something up to get it off my truck , this thing is very heavy just like they say.Assembly is stright foward it helps to have someone help you but can be done by one person it needed . Make sure you read the instructions because you need to add oil to it before you start it . Added oil and gas it started right up . I have a concession trailer and it takes alot of amps to run it , this did it no problem . I checked the voltage with a meter and it stayed within 1/2 a volt or so , output with no load was like 124 volts and 239.6 at the generator . I took this to an all day event and ran it like 13 hours it ran fine out of the box with no problems . As the others have stated this thing is loud and will eat some gas , alot of gas . However if you need the power it will do the job.There was another vendor there with the very same generator who told me he has had his for sometime now and runs electric fryers off of it . He runs a 24 ft concesson trailer off this one generator and said it has done the job for him with no problems . He did givem me 2 tips that i will pass on . # 1 the generator has a low oil shut off if for some reason it shuts off you can not pull the oil dip stick out when it is hot cause it swells some when hot . You must wait for the unit to completely cool off to check the oil , so pull the dip stick out alittle when running it . # 2 is before traveling make sure to drain all the gas out of the engine to pervent the float from becoming damaged -LRB- this is only if you have it loaded on a trailer for some time -RRB- . So far I am very happy with this generator the shipping sucked so watch for that if you dont have a forklift . hope this helps .
 Very nice product . Fit my 86 &#34; yamaha maxim X very good . Bought it as a replacement for the one I broke .
 I recently replaced the brakes on my 2006 Dodge Grand Caravan SXT . I was apprehensinve about ordering my parts through Amazon , but the vehicle lookup program confirmed these pads were for my vehicle . I double-checked the product number with a local auto superstore for additional verification . I was pleased with the product and saved about $ 15.00 compared to the local store , to include expedited shipping.No problems with replacing the brake pads . These pads are highly rated on auto sites that conduct comparative product studies . They work as they should . Overall , I 'm very pleased with the purchase.My only complaint is that the product description is vague and misleading for a non-professional mechanical type , like myself . The description says `` set '' and pictures two brakes pads . Not knowing any better , I ordered two , thinking that I would need one for each wheel -LRB- front pads and rear pads are different -RRB- . When they arrived , there were two sets -LRB- four pads -RRB- , enough to do both wheels . After further research , I learned that brake pads are sold to replace the pads on both tires . If you 're replacing your brakes you only need to order one as it will replace both wheels .
 Price was right , arrived quickly and was perfect fit!Highly Recommend this product . Have recently orderedproducts for my other vehicle .
 I have used the Wagner Thermo Quiet pads in my E-350 van for years and the stop and wear great . I have them in my Grand Caravan now and they work fantastic.I tried their Ceramic pads and they are junk , noisy and ruff at low speeds .
 Great brakes the shipping was slower then amazon usually is for other items i have bought.They are high quality and were at least $ 10.00 cheaper then anywhere else i found them .
 I have been doing my own brake pad replacements for 20 years . I typically just purchased the cheapest I could get at the local auto parts store . Cheap pads wear out at about 35k-45k and generate more dust than motoring down a back road on a dry hot sunny Texas day . I hated washing my wheels because of the brake pad dust . Under the advice of a brake mechanic , I decided to purchase a set of these wagners for the front on my 2005 Chrysler Town & Country van when the originals wore out at 45k . They wore so well and with little dust that I am purchasing them again at 120k miles . 70k mileage on the front of a 4,000 mini-van for one set of pads is quite impressive . They never squeak and are simple to change . I now run these same thermoquiet pads on my other 2 cars with the same excellent results . With the rebate included , they will cost the same as the cheap pads .
 Was good quality and way cheaper than any autoparts store out there I paid around 40 $ last time I bought one from advanced and I do n't want to even think about Dealer Prices most car dealers are crooks and should be regulated this filter cleans the air and is perfect to get the mold smell out that lives in your old filter
 Perfect fit for my 99 Audi A4 ! Real German made quality for a decent price here on Amazon than the dealership ! So far so good and been happy from day one . Hope this helps for anyone looking for OEM fit for their Audi . ^_^
 The price for this chain was great and it arrived quickly . I was a bit disappointed that the chain i got has a spring ring and not a lobster clasp , as pictured . That still would have been ok , except that the end of the chain that is supposed to hook to the spring ring is n't wide enough to fit around the ring . It does fit around the part that actually `` springs '' into place , closing the circle -LRB- that part is thinner than the rest of the ring -RRB- . I could try to pry it open to make it wider , but i 'm afraid i might break it completely off the chain , then i wo n't be able to wear it at all . I do n't really feel like going through the hassle of sending it back for an exchange , paying the postage , etc , when it did n't cost that much to begin with . I actually love the chain . This would have been a five star purchase if the clasp functioned properly ! = ^ . . ^ =
 Lovely chain . The clasp is easy to use and the silver is shiny . Great product for a wonderful price .
 Nice chain to accompany small pendant . Perfect for my 13 yr old son . Clasp seems well made . Hoping will stand up for some time
 It was not quite what I thought it would be , and the person I bought it for did not like it , so I kept it . I make jewelry on the side , so I 'll use it for something . Its pretty and thin .
 I am wearing one of their necklaces as I type , and it came fast , safe , and JUST what I wanted . I have had a hard time finding the right length for me - these people have it right !
 This chain is great . I have n't taken it off since it arrived . I wear it in and out of the shower and it has n't turned or chipped .
 I am highly allergic to nickel . This is the first sterling silver chain that I have bought that has n't caused me to break out . This is definetly nickel free . I love the classic cuban curb style and was glad to find such a wide selection of widths and lengths . They have super fast shipping and very reasonable prices . This width in particular is very smooth and fine for small pendants . They are definetly my number one silver jewelers . Update 12/12/09
 I own a 2003 Explorer Sport and this hitch is perfect for this vehicle . The installation would be easy for this SUV but mine has had some rear end damage from a few accidents . All I had to do was remove the bumper and I was able to install the hitch with no problems . The great thing about this hitch on this vehicle is that it follows the lines of the bumper and if you should have a flat tire you will have not problem accessing the spare tire . No drilling is required , the hitch utilizes hole in the frame that already exist . great purchase , highly recommended
 It 's a big piece of metal that attaches to your car , and has a big hole into which you can fit useful things like bike racks , boat trailers , etc. . It 's a good value compared to the competitors -LRB- especially with free shipping from Amazon ! -RRB- . What else can I say ? Installation would have been easy with the included instructions and hardware -LRB- though you will need a torque wrench -RRB- , but part of my Explorer frame that this wanted to bolt onto was a little bent somehow which required a trip to a body shop to straighten out . It feels very solid and while not exactly `` low profile '' , is n't ugly to look at . I guess you could even say it adds a certain manly flair when hauling around my daughter 's Barbie bike .
 I had a slight problem with this hitch because it fits so perfectly . My bumper hung slightly down due to a probable overload of the bumper at some point . -LRB- No visible accident damage . -RRB- After loosening the bumper to frame bolts and resetting the bumper , this hitch fit perfectly to my 2000 Explorer XLT . I also bought theHopkins 40915 Plug-In Simple Wiring Kit for Ford Explorer 1995-2000 / Mercury Mountaineer 1996-2001 -LRB- another 5 star product -RRB- and now have a professional looking receiver and 4-wire light kit for less than $ 145 TOTAL . With Amazon Prime the shipping was free -LRB- My favorite price . -RRB- Items were ordered Wednesday afternoon , received at my place of work , Friday morning .
 The Curt Class III trailer hitch 13540 that I ordered was delivered 1 1/2 days Earlier than promised ! Thank You for your promt service . The trailer hitch fit perfect just as described , and you wo n't find it cheaper Anywhere ! other than me having fumble fingers , it installed with ease in about an hour or so , thats my time . Could n't be more pleased with my purchase and would recomend Anyone to buy from this seller ! Thanks Again , I needed to use my trailer the same day I installed the hitch , Perfect Timming !
 This fit my 1996 Explorer just right . Had no problems intalling in less than 15 minutes . Fits around the spare tire . I was worried about an online purchase for this sort of thing , but turned out to be a good product .
 hey o bought this thinking i would at least have to drill ... that in mind i had it installed on my truck in 18 min and it says it should take 25 . does what it has to easy install and easy opening packaging . what more could one ask for ?
 I got this for my 1997 Explorer and the install was a snap it took me longer to get it out of the box then it took me to mount it super simple thanks !!
 Easy to install . Just what I ordered . Installed in less than 30 min . Great price also no issues
 I am very happy with this hitch it is very heavy duty and easy to install . Installed it by my self in about 20 minutes.I have had other hitches that did not fit as well . I Would recomed it .
 Receiver was shipped directly from the manufacturer . The carton was open in several places and the receiver was scraped at the ends and at the 2 '' receiver end . I had to force open the end plates on the receiver 1/8 '' for the unit to fit my Explorer 's pre drilled holes . Thankfully the hardware was securely taped to the receiver and no bolts were lost . After installation had to spray paint the receiver to hide all the scrapes . I did not have to drill holes and the bolting was a breeze . The unit is solid and am satisfied with the quality.Packaging was the problem and Amazon should expect that suppliers deliver their products properly wrapped and secure .
 I installed the Curt 13540 Hitch on my 2002 2-door Ford Explorer Sport with a full size spare tire . It matched up perfectly with the factory holes in the chassis frame . I had to do no more than bolt on the hitch . The instructions said approximately 25 minutes for a do-it-yourselfer , but it took me about 1 hour start to finish including removing the spare , getting set up with all of the tools I would need , etc. . I also took the opportunity to shoot some air into the spare while I had it off . A very easy installation . The only negatives are the fact that the hitch broke through the box during delivery and scratched off some of the paint to bare metal where it is visible after installation , and that Curt placed a paper based adhesive UPC sticker on the end where it was also visible . I carefully scraped off the sticker and removed the adhesive with some WD-40 and a little elbow grease . As for the minor scratches , it is , after all , a trailer hitch mounted to the underside of a truck . So I 'm not going to worry about them . I 'm very pleased with the purchase . This would have cost much more to have a hitch installed for me .
 The product seems to be great . It was a little tough to install though , but not too bad . I installed one side , but did n't tighten it down all the way , but when I moved to the other side , it was n't fitting . After a struggle , I decided to install the second side first . This time , it worked just fine . Hooked up my cargo carrier and was on my way . Nice product . I do have to say though , the shipping package was pretty sad . It came in a box with nothing to keep the receiver from shifting around inside it . The corners of the box were torn up , but the product itself was not damaged . A little padding or packing material would have been good .
 Showed up on time and fit great . It took about 20 minutes to install and all the parts were in the package .
 So easy to install . I let my dog install it . took him about 1 hour . great quality and looks great .
 Took me about 1/2 hour to install and it fit like a glove . It is just what I wanted . Thanks .
 Simple , straight forward installation . All bolts aligned perfectly except for one . I do n't know whether my frame was tweaked or the hitch was slightly off . After some struggling , I got all of the bolts through and after tightening the nuts down evenly everything socked in nice and tight . Overall quality of the materials , welds , and paint are very good.I recommend dropping the spare tire for more room when installing the hitch . It does fit with the full size spare , but for an extra few minutes get the tire out of the way first . That is also a good time to inspect and check the spare tire pressure as well as lube the cable assembly that holds the spare up into the body . If you do n't know how to get the spare down now is also a good time to learn how . Check the owner 's manual or You-tube . Also note that on the two-door Explorer Sport model , the tow hook must be removed because it is in the way of the hitch . Surprisingly , the large nuts were not frozen onto the bolts of my 12-year-old SUV . You might get lucky too . Penetrating oil always helps.I suggest that when on your back look for a round plug covered by a rubber cap under one or both of the tail light areas -LRB- no dissembly required -RRB- . Those are the pre-installed trailer lighting connection points . The light adapter can be found on Amazon for less than $ 10 . It plugs right in with no cutting . Only one is needed.Lastly , wear safety glasses for heaven 's sake . There will invariably be rust and crud that rains down as you fuss around under the truck . It is cheap way to save your sight .
 I just purchased this CURT hitch for my 1999 Ford Explorer Limited . My truck still has the full size spare tire under the hatch area . This hitch fit perfectly around the spare tire and bolted right on . The only issue I had was with the packaging of the hitch . The hitch was packaged in a large rectangle shaped cardboard box . The box is not filled with peanuts and the hitch is not wrapped with bubble wrap or anything to protect it . Well during shipping it is inevitable that there is going to be some damaged done to the hitch . My hitch had dings and scrapes and paint chipped off . I had to repaint sections of the hitch to help prevent the bare metal from rusting right away . CURT manufacturing should take some advise and at least wrap the hitch in bubble wrap before you place it in the unprotected cardboard box . Bubble wrap would have definitely protected my hitch from the damage caused by shipping . If Curt spent the an extra 50 cents worth of bubble wrap they would have gotten 5 stars from me and I am sure a lot of more satisfied customers .
 I bought this receiver hitch for my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport . I use it mainly when i transport my dirt bike on a trailer that relies solely on the square hitch . It was not difficult to install at all , just be sure to torque to the right settings . Good buy .
 We use Royal Purple in our fleet vehicles . We have not had a single failure and our mileage has increased since we began the program . I am impressed with the performance of the oil .
 For months and months I waited for a backordered Puig windscreen . 14 months after placing my order , I decided to give up on that dream and try this ZG one instead , and I have to say , I am impressed.It lacks the ultimate quality of the Puig IMO , however , it looks mean as hell -LRB- bike has aftermarket body , 100 % black -RRB- and has near OEM quality . It is amaig how something like this can change the whole look of the bike , and I would recommend this to anyone wanting a Puig ... or otherwise . Fitment was great , and it 's hard to go wrong here.Get it . Right now . Ladies love tinted screens . That is 1000 % fact .
 I searched all over town for this shift cable and found the cheapest to be $ 179 and out of stock . I started looking online and was suprised to find this item at Amazon and with two day shipping I received the part in perfect condition and saved over $ 100 as well.Installed part -LRB- which fit perfectly -RRB- in about 30 minutes and was running again .
 This was pricey but gave me piece of mind . It went on very easy and is well made . Worth the price !
 This is a kit for both rear wheels . You may also need your respective Raybestos adjuster kits , one for each wheel . Got this kit when it was down to 5.47 and with free supersaver shipping ... you just ca n't beat that . Item as described and on time delivery . Thanks Amazon .
 I own a 2003 Explorer Sport and this hitch is perfect for this vehicle . The installation would be easy for this SUV but mine has had some rear end damage from a few accidents . All I had to do was remove the bumper and I was able to install the hitch with no problems . The great thing about this hitch on this vehicle is that it follows the lines of the bumper and if you should have a flat tire you will have not problem accessing the spare tire . No drilling is required , the hitch utilizes hole in the frame that already exist . great purchase , highly recommended
 It 's a big piece of metal that attaches to your car , and has a big hole into which you can fit useful things like bike racks , boat trailers , etc. . It 's a good value compared to the competitors -LRB- especially with free shipping from Amazon ! -RRB- . What else can I say ? Installation would have been easy with the included instructions and hardware -LRB- though you will need a torque wrench -RRB- , but part of my Explorer frame that this wanted to bolt onto was a little bent somehow which required a trip to a body shop to straighten out . It feels very solid and while not exactly `` low profile '' , is n't ugly to look at . I guess you could even say it adds a certain manly flair when hauling around my daughter 's Barbie bike .
 I had a slight problem with this hitch because it fits so perfectly . My bumper hung slightly down due to a probable overload of the bumper at some point . -LRB- No visible accident damage . -RRB- After loosening the bumper to frame bolts and resetting the bumper , this hitch fit perfectly to my 2000 Explorer XLT . I also bought theHopkins 40915 Plug-In Simple Wiring Kit for Ford Explorer 1995-2000 / Mercury Mountaineer 1996-2001 -LRB- another 5 star product -RRB- and now have a professional looking receiver and 4-wire light kit for less than $ 145 TOTAL . With Amazon Prime the shipping was free -LRB- My favorite price . -RRB- Items were ordered Wednesday afternoon , received at my place of work , Friday morning .
 The Curt Class III trailer hitch 13540 that I ordered was delivered 1 1/2 days Earlier than promised ! Thank You for your promt service . The trailer hitch fit perfect just as described , and you wo n't find it cheaper Anywhere ! other than me having fumble fingers , it installed with ease in about an hour or so , thats my time . Could n't be more pleased with my purchase and would recomend Anyone to buy from this seller ! Thanks Again , I needed to use my trailer the same day I installed the hitch , Perfect Timming !
 This fit my 1996 Explorer just right . Had no problems intalling in less than 15 minutes . Fits around the spare tire . I was worried about an online purchase for this sort of thing , but turned out to be a good product .
 hey o bought this thinking i would at least have to drill ... that in mind i had it installed on my truck in 18 min and it says it should take 25 . does what it has to easy install and easy opening packaging . what more could one ask for ?
 I got this for my 1997 Explorer and the install was a snap it took me longer to get it out of the box then it took me to mount it super simple thanks !!
 Easy to install . Just what I ordered . Installed in less than 30 min . Great price also no issues
 I am very happy with this hitch it is very heavy duty and easy to install . Installed it by my self in about 20 minutes.I have had other hitches that did not fit as well . I Would recomed it .
 Receiver was shipped directly from the manufacturer . The carton was open in several places and the receiver was scraped at the ends and at the 2 '' receiver end . I had to force open the end plates on the receiver 1/8 '' for the unit to fit my Explorer 's pre drilled holes . Thankfully the hardware was securely taped to the receiver and no bolts were lost . After installation had to spray paint the receiver to hide all the scrapes . I did not have to drill holes and the bolting was a breeze . The unit is solid and am satisfied with the quality.Packaging was the problem and Amazon should expect that suppliers deliver their products properly wrapped and secure .
 I installed the Curt 13540 Hitch on my 2002 2-door Ford Explorer Sport with a full size spare tire . It matched up perfectly with the factory holes in the chassis frame . I had to do no more than bolt on the hitch . The instructions said approximately 25 minutes for a do-it-yourselfer , but it took me about 1 hour start to finish including removing the spare , getting set up with all of the tools I would need , etc. . I also took the opportunity to shoot some air into the spare while I had it off . A very easy installation . The only negatives are the fact that the hitch broke through the box during delivery and scratched off some of the paint to bare metal where it is visible after installation , and that Curt placed a paper based adhesive UPC sticker on the end where it was also visible . I carefully scraped off the sticker and removed the adhesive with some WD-40 and a little elbow grease . As for the minor scratches , it is , after all , a trailer hitch mounted to the underside of a truck . So I 'm not going to worry about them . I 'm very pleased with the purchase . This would have cost much more to have a hitch installed for me .
 The product seems to be great . It was a little tough to install though , but not too bad . I installed one side , but did n't tighten it down all the way , but when I moved to the other side , it was n't fitting . After a struggle , I decided to install the second side first . This time , it worked just fine . Hooked up my cargo carrier and was on my way . Nice product . I do have to say though , the shipping package was pretty sad . It came in a box with nothing to keep the receiver from shifting around inside it . The corners of the box were torn up , but the product itself was not damaged . A little padding or packing material would have been good .
 Showed up on time and fit great . It took about 20 minutes to install and all the parts were in the package .
 So easy to install . I let my dog install it . took him about 1 hour . great quality and looks great .
 Took me about 1/2 hour to install and it fit like a glove . It is just what I wanted . Thanks .
 Simple , straight forward installation . All bolts aligned perfectly except for one . I do n't know whether my frame was tweaked or the hitch was slightly off . After some struggling , I got all of the bolts through and after tightening the nuts down evenly everything socked in nice and tight . Overall quality of the materials , welds , and paint are very good.I recommend dropping the spare tire for more room when installing the hitch . It does fit with the full size spare , but for an extra few minutes get the tire out of the way first . That is also a good time to inspect and check the spare tire pressure as well as lube the cable assembly that holds the spare up into the body . If you do n't know how to get the spare down now is also a good time to learn how . Check the owner 's manual or You-tube . Also note that on the two-door Explorer Sport model , the tow hook must be removed because it is in the way of the hitch . Surprisingly , the large nuts were not frozen onto the bolts of my 12-year-old SUV . You might get lucky too . Penetrating oil always helps.I suggest that when on your back look for a round plug covered by a rubber cap under one or both of the tail light areas -LRB- no dissembly required -RRB- . Those are the pre-installed trailer lighting connection points . The light adapter can be found on Amazon for less than $ 10 . It plugs right in with no cutting . Only one is needed.Lastly , wear safety glasses for heaven 's sake . There will invariably be rust and crud that rains down as you fuss around under the truck . It is cheap way to save your sight .
 I just purchased this CURT hitch for my 1999 Ford Explorer Limited . My truck still has the full size spare tire under the hatch area . This hitch fit perfectly around the spare tire and bolted right on . The only issue I had was with the packaging of the hitch . The hitch was packaged in a large rectangle shaped cardboard box . The box is not filled with peanuts and the hitch is not wrapped with bubble wrap or anything to protect it . Well during shipping it is inevitable that there is going to be some damaged done to the hitch . My hitch had dings and scrapes and paint chipped off . I had to repaint sections of the hitch to help prevent the bare metal from rusting right away . CURT manufacturing should take some advise and at least wrap the hitch in bubble wrap before you place it in the unprotected cardboard box . Bubble wrap would have definitely protected my hitch from the damage caused by shipping . If Curt spent the an extra 50 cents worth of bubble wrap they would have gotten 5 stars from me and I am sure a lot of more satisfied customers .
 I bought this receiver hitch for my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport . I use it mainly when i transport my dirt bike on a trailer that relies solely on the square hitch . It was not difficult to install at all , just be sure to torque to the right settings . Good buy .
 The large side worked great for removing 8 inches of snow off my windshield . The next morning the small side worked great for removing ice . Comfy handle . Love it !
 If you only have a cheap , flat plastic ice scraper like the type companies hand out as promotional items , this is definitely a huge step up . Clearing away ice with this takes a lot less time and effort , and the foam handle is round and easy to grip while wearing gloves . It probably does n't clear away ice as easily as a scraper with a brass blade , but it performs well for something in this price range and has also made it through several winters -LRB- and ice from multiple blizzards -RRB- so far without fracturing like the freebie scrapers .
 I 've only had to use it a few times but it has done me no wrong . Great product from what I can tell .
 Here in Texas we do n't have much need some such items , but having been caught without one in the past , it 's a nice , relatively small thing to keep in the truck for &#34; those times . &#34; It 's priced well and good build quality . The handle is well designed for grip and comfort -LRB- as if comfort really matters when it 's so cold you ca n't feel your fingers . . -RRB-
 Comfy handle , nice size , good quality materials ... I got what I wanted for a good price . I recommend for anyone in need .
 Good quality product , I recommend . Did not get 5 stars because for its price you can get some scrapers with also the swiper .
 It works well on those snowie cold days when your windsheild os caked with frozen snow or ice . does a good job
 In the past I would use my id or some other random card to remove the frost from my windows . Recently I moved to a colder climate and I find the old card no longer did the trick.Upgraded to this unit and am pleased with my choice . Removes frost as described -LRB- arms sold separately -RRB- and arrived in a rapid fashion.I would recommended this to another if they sought advice on how to remove ice and snow from their windows .
 If you hold this tool with the ice chipper side up -LRB- meaning , the way you 'd assume to hold it , with the big flat side down -RRB- the flat side does n't QUITE lay flat on your windshield . Meaning , you get two scrape points , and no scrape point in the middle , rather than one continuous scrape point . So , it doubles the work required . If you hold it the other way , with the Ice-chipper part facing towards you , and push , it works , but that 's an awkward way to hold it.It does the job it 's supposed to , but not in the most convenient way . I do like the grip on the handle as it keeps your hands from getting too cold by holding onto cold plastic or metal .
 I wish it were a little smaller , but it works great . Just a little hard to stow in the car due to the size . It does the job , though !
 This ice scraper is perfect for what my wife and i need . I ordered 2 and they shipped fast they are made well and they do the job . We aslo like the foam handle they have on them as well , keeps your hand from having to hold the cold plastic . Thanks for a great product .
 When I was travelling East Coast a motel I stayed in were giving a smaller version of this away . But I lost it . Same as other reviewer , I live in mountains of LA county where it snows and the windshield get frozen overnight . Last night was one of those nights where my car windshield got frozen . Luckily I ordered the scraper few weeks before and kept it in my car . I remember the freebie I got from the motel took forever for me to scrape the snow/ice off the windshield but the Hopkins is much larger and better ergonomics that I was able to scrape my front and back windshield in a minute or so with easy .
 Bought two , one for each car.We use these to scrape off ice and snow . The handle is great as it does n't lead to blistered or brused hands . It is a perfect size to fit into the side cubby on my driver or passenger side doors . It seems pretty durable .
 No one in my community carries windsheild ice scrapers for sale . NO ONE!Now I admit there is n't too much call for them in SOuthern California , but in my area , we have ice on our windows EVERY morning for months!I was tired of using a credit card and freezing my fingers off ... so I checked on Amazon!How can you pass up $ 2 scrapers ? I bought 2 ! Worth every penny !
 We had ice in North FL and I got tired of trying to use my credit card . So , for the first time ever , I purchased an ice scraper . Works great for Florida ice . -LRB- really it was just think Frost , I suppose . No snow -RRB- .
 We do n't get THAT much snow , but it 's been working out fine for the few times I needed to scrap ice off the windshield . The handle could be tad bit longer -LRB- I have short arms : / -RRB-
 For months and months I waited for a backordered Puig windscreen . 14 months after placing my order , I decided to give up on that dream and try this ZG one instead , and I have to say , I am impressed.It lacks the ultimate quality of the Puig IMO , however , it looks mean as hell -LRB- bike has aftermarket body , 100 % black -RRB- and has near OEM quality . It is amaig how something like this can change the whole look of the bike , and I would recommend this to anyone wanting a Puig ... or otherwise . Fitment was great , and it 's hard to go wrong here.Get it . Right now . Ladies love tinted screens . That is 1000 % fact .
 Where are my sunglasses where did I leave them dont sit on the glasses . now you dont have to worry they are in place and easy a pie to find them - Great item
 Great price and product !!! Easy to install and shipped right away . Get plenty of compliments . Very happy purchasing this grille . Would recommend this to anyone .
 I was a little concerned that this would be a difficult process . Very easy and it works great !!!!! The best for it 's price range !
 The belt was just what I was looking for . The belt is quiet . No issues with receiving the product in a timely fashion . No problems and I had a pretty much easy install .
 I live in Trinidad -LRB- not Colorado , in the Caribbean -RRB- and getting good brake pads here is a chore . A while ago I decided to forego the local market that imports a bunch of cheap metallic and semi-metallic pads that if they do n't squeal when installed ... will squeal after a week or two.I eventually chose these Bendix CT-3 pads -LRB- a set for the front and for the rear -RRB- and have n't been happier . They stop better than my previous pads and they do not squeal -LRB- I 've had them on the car for near three years now -RRB- . Although I 've not really noticed a change in stopping , I 've decided to put in a new set .
 The only thing left to make my trailer 100 % secure was this lock . I feel great because I found this product !!! Now I park my car everywhere with the trailer attached to it with no worries , I 'm sure no one will stole by beautiful trailer -LRB- ... and its load
 This lock is very high quality with a nice chrome finish . I bought this not as a hitch lock , but as a lock for my pedal locks on my car . It worked perfectly . The fact that it came with two pin sizes really helped because the thicker one did n't fit , so I used the thinner one and it fit perfectly.I like that there is a rubber cap to keep dirt out .
 This pad is fairly soft . It 's made of neoprene so if you 're like me and needed some soft padding on your shoulder -LRB- because you just had shoulder surgery -RRB- this may not be the pad for you .
 Needed a pair of floor mats for a 95 Del Sol I recently bought which did n't have any floor mats . These floor mats met my needs at a low price and looked good in a red car with black interior .
 Spark plug used on electronic ignition on my airplane . Great service , great shipping , good price , plug works fine . I 'll buy four more next year .
 Item arrived as described . Best of all it works . In fact , it is the best thing about the car . Detroit needs all the help they can get !
 I brought some cheaper mats for my car and was very disappointed because they slid all over the place . So I was looking for mats but everyone was charging $ 25 dollars for mats . When I looked in Amazon and found the mats I wanted and for a great price . These are heavy duty plastic mats for a car or truck . I do n't have to worry about them sliding all over the place and thay match my car 's interior . This will not be the last time that I purchase from Amazon Auto .
 Purchased this set of floor mats for Christmas . Yes , floor mats . I do n't think the person who was on the receiving end appreciated them ... that was until California came down with bad weather . Who would have thought ? These mats are just the ticket . They were the perfect color , perfect fit and they are very easy to shake out . If you spill anything on them , they are easy to rinse off and put right back in the car . We have now purchased them for all of our cars . Even if you have those attractive carpet mats that come with car , you may be one of those individuals who wants to put a protective layer over the protective , attractive floor mats . Highly recommended .
 Excellent Quality . Highly recommended . It is like half the price you pay at the Auto parts shop .
 Received the compressor on time . Unit appears to be new . Unit came with new Gaskets and Seals , making installation easy . Installed with no issues , and works fine .
 They fit perfectly into my car . I did not have to make any adjustments . They stay in their place while I drive . They are ssuuppeerr easy to clean , just a wet cloth or a vacuum hose to get off some remaining debris . I love them , they 're great !
 These fit in my '09 Nissan Altima nicely . They did n't have an odor and they 're very easy to clean . They look good , too . : -RSB-
 I 've got these magnets on my filing cabinet and on my fridge and they are plenty strong . Very bright colors and you get 3 in one package . Love them !
 Great swivel head snow brush for New England winter , the scraper works but not likely on tough ice . I bought a separate tougher scraper . The length is great , very long and gets the top of my ram truck easily . Would recommend it to anyone . Randi
 I live in southern Colorado where 4-5 feet of snow in my yard most of the winter is not unusual.This is the best brush-scraper by far . I can reach my 3/4 ton truck from one side . The swivelhead makes storage easy .
 In North Jersey , we have gotten 56 '' of accumulative snow and this brush has gone through the worst of it . The head could be stronger , but it has held while pushing 10 + inches of snow off my minivan . Hopkins is definitely a good brand to go with , and the cost-to-effective ratio on this tool is through the roof . God bless !
 I just got an SUV and this thing works wonders . The head that has the brush swivels and locks in place for easy access . One side is a brush and the other side is almost like a squeegee but made with harder material . The squeegee side made scraping ice off the windshield a breeze . Did n't even bother with the smaller scraper . If you own an SUV get this brush !
 I found this to be the best snow remover I have ever had . I ordered the item and model pictured because I was replacing one that I had which was broken . I was sent a different model which I am not happy about .
 It looked great once installed and so cheaply priced at the same time . Thanks for a great product !
 Plugs work great . I did n't notice a performance increase but who does from a spark plug . After 50k miles on the plugs they are still going strong .
 I bought this bulb from another Amazon seller , but it is the same exact bulb . I love these bulbs . They are neither yellow nor blue , but white -LRB- with a hint of blue -RRB- . I can say with honesty that my car looks 5 yrs younger -LRB- Haha -RRB- . I do wish they were a little brighter . Do n't get me wrong , they light up the road at night , but a little more strength would add the cherry on top to these bulbs ! The bulb is definitely worth more than $ 12 , but at that price I think I 'll stock up on them !
 These magnet bullet holes are better then other ones that I 've have had and seen . they look so real on any color car that you put them on.give this product a 10 stars rating ...
 I like that it comes with the On/Off tag . Its a simple toggle switch so its nothing special and there is n't a lot to say about it . It works .
 My 10-year-old HF Tile Saw would n't turn on because the cheap original switch was worn out . This new DPST switch allowed me to connect the two sides in parallel to divide up the current and extend its life .
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 The seat is nice like sport car seat.Very good looking and durable.Overall it is good to buy .
 This was ready to install , fit in my truck without any modification or adjustments . Still in my truck today . I would definitely recommend
 This is an exact replacement for my wife 's 2000 Mercury Mountaineer ! Easy to program , and worked the first time !!
 This remote was exactly what I needed and very easy to program . Delivery was quick . I recommend this product and the seller to anyone who needs a new keyless remote for their vehicle .
 Just what i needed so i did n't have to buy the entire sending unit for 600 - Swapped out just the pump for this quality OEM replacement Bosch unit . Works great .
 I purchased this replacement fuel pump when the factory pump went out on my '93 Jag XJ6 . It arrived quickly , works great , and is an excellent price .
 i used these to replace the emblems on my truck wheels . the adhesive is very sticky . they are very flexible . i question if they will make it thru a northern IL winter though . i guess we will see .
 Me & my Husband are big Ford fans -LRB- He drives a Ford Lightning & I drive a Mustang -RRB- so that being said we bought my son -LRB- 14months old -RRB- a little tikes cozy truck and I thought hey what do we need to personalize his little truck ? Ford Emblemz ! These were perfect for what we needed them for . . not sure how they would look on a actual car but they look great on my little guys truck :-RRB- very happy
 Had to order a third bearing because the ABS sensor wire was bad on one of the first two and I was n't going to spend the time to remove the whole bearing for just a simple sensor . Hopefully they last as long as the OEMs
 Perfect fit for my 2003 Prairie 360 4x4 . Saved me $ 60 which paid for the labor to put it on . Great deal !
 I have an older car and these filters are getting harder to find . Frams is well made and lasts a good amount of time . It fits nicely . You do n't have to force it on or find a way to make it stay put . It nice in this age of new cars to be able to find a quality filter such as Frams
 I absolutely love these floor mats . They are so adorable . I 've already ordered the steering wheel cover and the seat cover , my next item to order is these floor mats . They are all sooo adorable and since I 'm a winnie the pooh freak , they will work well in my car with all my other winnie the pooh accessories . : -RRB-
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 Worked well for how ever long it lasted ? Like 2 months . Then it was all shredded . replaced with a different brand belt and it is still on the machine this day with no issues.Don ' t know if it really was the product . or it it was just that 1 in 100000 chance you get a bad one .
 It does the job right and has a nice blue backlight . I have compared it with analog -LRB- mechanical -RRB- tire pressure gauge and the measurements are the same.It looks nice -LRB- when new -RRB- , feels nice -LRB- when new -RRB- , and is compact enough to sit on the car key chain -LRB- just a little bigger than a car remote -RRB- . LED light is weak but enough to see the valve in the dark.UPDATED May 17 , 2007
 Needed a replacement shifter mechanism for my honda after stock fell apart after 8 yrs use . This is solid metal construction replacement of OEM plastics .
 I bought the left and right mirrors to replace side view mirrors on my 99 Suburban . These fit perfect . The wiring plug was slightly different because the new mirrors did not have defrost -LRB- I did not realize my mirrors had that feature -RRB- . It was very easy to slice my connector on the new mirrors.New , after market mirrors look great !
 These are really cool domed urethane self sticking decals . Great on the body , mud flaps or grill or tailgate on your car or truck . Goes on easily and appear to stay on even after several runs through the car wash.There is one problem however ! I ordered 3 sets and used them , found a way to use more but Amazon -LRB- or somebody -RRB- will not sell me anymore . When I asked they said these are so popular that they limit how many you can purchase . They told me that for the remainder of my life on my current Amazon account I will never be able to purchase this product again.They want everyone to have the opportunity to procure these hot items.I do n't know what the limit is but got the impression that it is one order , so order all you think you will need , ever need or anticipate ever needing . They are absolutely inflexible with this limit , I did not see any limitations when I purchased these items , that would have been helpful.Bottom line , nice product but there is a limited quantity per account.Mike MorganChroma Graphics 9313 Chevrolet Red Bowtie Domed Decal - 2 Piece
 The decal is sharp and easy to install . Came in a new package its bright red Chevy bow tie is raised and looks great , This is the second package of these bow tie decals I have purchased . I installed them on my 1966 Chevy Impala to give it a little class .
 This DashMat is terrific . I could not believe how well it fit , installation was a breeze , and it really does a good job protecting my dashboard . The quality of the product is very good .
 i love rainbows ! this little key chain was just to cute ! they are very durable i have had mine for a few months now and it had no damage from being in my purse ! its very well made ! ^ . ^
 best little key chain ever ! i love my rainbows and i love sporting a mini on my keys ! a lot of people ask me about it and want to know where i got it .
 figured all tools made in tawain , japan , china or anywhere in asia should have a warning label written on it that it will be broken on first use and most likely not even make it to the job but this worked well . Hit as hard as I could and still did n't break . I would expect it from an american tool but not asian so glad I got it and saved money .
 This set show great quality control and it is a well made product . The forks and air handle have a smooth satin finish , the knurled handle is machined properly , and they all come with a well built storage case . It is made in Taiwan . This product seems similar to other OTC Stinger series products and I expect it will perform great . I will update this review after using .
 Note that this is a snatch -LRB- or recovery -RRB- strap , and it 's what you want for freeing a stuck vehicle from mud or snow . Probably not the greatest for towing -- for that , you want a non-elastic strap.The ability of these things to snatch a stuck vehicle loose is amazing -- I 've jerked several full sized rigs out with my little Toy p.up.You want to `` hit it '' -LRB- take up the slack -RRB- with a little speed in order to store some energy in the strap , which is then imparted to the stuck vehicle .
 Purchased this stap a couple of years ago and have used it aproximately a dozen times . It 's held up well . I 'm very pleased .
 Excellent strap for recovery . I have used this to remove 25 + vehicles from the Padre Island beach sands . No problem yanking anything from a car to a full size truck/SUV .
 So far this things held up nicely . I have n't thoroughly been tested yet , but Keeper has a great reputation .
 These are great seat covers . Look like leather and they are easy to install . I have n't had them long so I 'm not sure how they will hold up , but they look and feel like leather and are really nice looking and fit great I 'm going to buy the backseat covers next .
 It 's a transmission filter , it either fits and works or it does n't . It fit fine and it works fine .
 bought these springs for my 97 ' audi a4 quattro . these springs give a nice drop without sacrificing ride comfort . they ride really smooth and gives your car a better look . i thought the drop on these springs were too little but its actually perfect .
 was pleased , just as the description and picture showed , but the metal used should be thicker , its a little on the thin side , but works , very comfortable
 Installed two of these on my 2004 Passat and the car rides like new . Excellant quality and reasonablly priced in comparison to what the local VW dealer would install .
 They are n't kidding when they say custom item it fits perfectly covers every inch of my dashboard I love it and the color matches my carpeting which is lovely I order the smoke grey which is basically a rich dark grey I 'm happy happy happy I love it I love it &#8857; &#65103; &#8857; it 's so hard to find custom parts for Toyota Previa in a decent price range but with this the price is perfect and the product fits wonderfully I recommend this to anyone with a Toyota Previa and to anyone that just needs the perfect ash Matt &#9825; &#9829; &#9825; &#9829; &#9825;
 I have this installed in my car approx . 2 months now.Easy to install , I replaced the OEM brembo on my Lexus IS 200 -LRB- Euro model -RRB- . The rotors have been machined with wear indicators which allows you to know when to replace them . They stop on a dime at any speed and the look pretty good too ... Did use OEM brake pads.Also , does not rust as previous brembo rotors . Worth the cash . I will give a long term report after 9 months .8 months later ... . well its now eight months and about 20,000 km later and these rotors are still good performers . The feel on the pedal is not as smooth as the regular rotors as you get a feel of additional resistance . I guess its because of the holes on the suface making contact with the break pads.They have worked very well and break fade never took place during the period of use , even during extreme conditions .
 This item is as good as the original Mercedes . This filter 's outer frame is soft so it 's easier to install.The original Mercedes is hard frame which is hard to squeeze in and out .
 Easy to install . Had all the needed diections on its location and thus became easy . Bought 2 so that next year I have one available . Sure beats the dealships price by getting 2 parts for less than 1 at the dealship .
 Save a lot of money on this filter . I 've used Mann products for decades and they 've always fit perfectly and done an excellent job .
 These fit my van pretty well . They are attractive and make the car look a lot newer . You can vacuum them pretty easily for spills . I 've had a little trouble keeping one of the arm covers on but other than that they are great .
 Worked good after I figured out I was doing it wrong . Slide this tool over your heater core pipe , close it and slide it into the back of the fitting . Slowly twist and pull on the fitting and it will come off pretty easy . I was trying to pull the tool and fitting off together which will not work as the tool will hit on the lip of the pipe . Coat the rubber `` O '' ring of the new fitting with antifreeze before installing . Hint , if you have a 7/8 '' fuel line disconnect , the plastic kind that will slip around the pipe , it will work too , just pull on the fitting itself when removing . Wish I would have figured this out before ordering.Thanks
 For under 10 bucks this is a need for any GM guys tool box . GM and Napa want 30-40 bucks for this tool . Saved me a big bill but being able to do it myself .
 I tried getting the heater core connectors off of my truck but could not without this tool . This is a very small piece of plastic that should not cost more than a couple of dollars , but for some reason it is expensive . Once I got it , it made the quick-connect connectors come off easily .
 This little tool made changing the hose a snap !!! I struggled with the 2 other common tools you can buy at the local parts store that are supposed to work for this application , but they did n't work . So when I got this tool I was scepticle , but it worked absolutely perfectly and the hose came off in two seconds ! Thank you .
 This tool is mandatory to remove the quick connectors on 99-07 silverados heater cores . Without this tool they are not coming off peacefully .
 The bearings were the perfect fit for my application , and this price and delivery time were the fastest . I had checked at several auto parts chain stores , even NAPA , and no one could match the price or delivery time . highly recommended .
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 I 'm a new buyer of Champion products , and this left a great impression . very well made , no plastic junk . Nice Filter for the money .
 Seem well built , but I only have two difficult runs on them so far . Holding up in a cj7 with a 350 chevy and 35 inch tires . They did not come assembled , but that is easy enough . the joints need a needle type grease gun to grease and they seem well made . One thing worth noting on these cj dana 30 shafts is they upgrade from the 260 size joints to the 297/760 style , which is much larger . I would buy these again and the price was good .
 The shade fit like a glove in the window on my 2005 S40 volvo . The only issue I have with it is when I have to put it away . It is very stiff and in a small car like the S40 I have to take the shade out of the car to roll it up . I did try to roll it up a few times in the car but I kept hitting the mirror and backing my seat up all the wait and it is still a tight fit trying to do it in the car . It still is a very good product . I deducted one star for the trouble of rolling it up .
 I purchased this same tool from summit as I had an order in . I used it to install aftermarket springs for my new cam in my 94 LT1 motor . I 'm very clean/nit picky so it took me about 2 hours to remove/install both banks with new springs , valve stem seals , etc. . The tool worked great ! No issues other than the handle will literally make your hand feel like it 's been tenderized after removing/replacing a full bank of springs.Too bad they did n't add a 1/2 '' ratchet hole in the top . Maybe an idea for the next version?Also the small retention springs that pull the two black levers together kept tearing my industrial strength blue gloves open every time it caught on a spring end.Otherwise , this tool saved me from removing my heads just to replace my springs . = -RRB- As noted by the another reviewer , replace the grease on the threads with balljoint grease or something heavy duty to make sure the threads do n't wear prematurely .4 stars only because it killed my hands ... and I 'm 6 ' 3 '' 280lbs . O_o
 I just got the OTC 4573 delivered from amazon yesterday afternoon & have already used it to remove & install the valves in a 1999 Ford Ranger V6 . It works great & I have had no clearance issues or any other problems.Once you attach the compressor to the top of the valve spring , the entire process takes approximately 1 minute to compress the spring , remove the keepers , and release the tension from the spring & remove the compressor . This tool is MUCH higher quality than I was expecting & I am once again happy with my choice to purchase an OTC brand tool via amazon.This is a much better quality tool than you will be able to purchase at your local `` chain auto store '' . Unless you are seriously pressed for time , buy the OTC 4573 & wait a couple days for shipping . *** One tip I can give you for longevity of this tool
 I used this on my 600cc motorcycle . I had to close the top compression piece slightly to keep from slipping off the valve and I also needed to grind down the lower claps to and angle to get under the springs . Over all I was please for the price I paid .
 Bought this tool for a valve job on my 69 Corvette . Works better than the SnapOn version that I borrowed from my neighbor . This one does not slip as much around the spring and it has a better reach . Great tool for the price .
 I have n't actually had opportunity to use this yet , as doing so will require me to disassemble the top of my S2000 's engine as part of a preventative measure -LRB- replacing potentially cracked valve retainers -RRB- . I 've already checked the retainers , and they do n't appear to be cracked . This is the recommended device for swapping the retainers out , and I 'm sure it will work fine .
 fvd d f drr rer ee er ree erewr er erer er ew we we ew ewr fgvdfv dfv df
 I got this for my mother 's car . It fits very well and she found it easy enough to install . The trouble she has is that when removing it is rather large and she has trouble stowing it . She mostly just throws it in the back seat . Seems to be made tough enough to endure this type of treatment . As a sunscreen it works well , just be prepared for its large size when not in use . Even rolled up it is big .
 This is the third one I 've purchased , but not because they wear out , but because they work so well . We 're in Texas where the heat is oppressive during the summer . These shields work great , blocking the sun and fitting perfectly with the windshield . They keep the car much cooler than others I have tried , although ` cool ' in Texas can be relative , it does make a noticeable difference . These will also ` fold ' rather than roll , so it van fit easily between the driver 's seat and the door pillar .
 I purchased this radiator for my 2000 VW GTI VR6 and it fit like a glove ! The product was shipped to me EXTREMELY fast . Great price for a replacement radiator , especially when the dealer is selling it for $ 250 ! Highly recommended .
 Best buy on the web . These belts are at the top of the list for quality belts , and the price is unbelievable . Buy as many as you can afford to stock up .
 Does exactly what its suposed to do as an original replacement partDont waste time with cheap after market replacements
 Since brake jobs are typically way more in labor cost than parts , I felt it wise to get better parts based more on durability than performance , that way I can reduce the number of future brake jobs . In looking up other customer reviews , these rotors were quoted to outperform all others and be good over 60k miles when used with Akebono Ceramic Pads . Hope this is true , as the OEM rotors have been only averaging 40k miles on my small 2 door . So far , the brakes have really good stopping power and are a little noisier when compared to OEM -LRB- used only for 2k miles so far -RRB- . Price paid was $ 30/rotor on Amazon as compared to $ 60/rotor at most other stores ... pays to shop around .
 This product fit exactly as it should first time out . Not problems with finish either . Looks good . Works great . I highly recommend it .
 Bolted right up , had them installed in less than an hour all by myself . Would reccomend to anyone with a Chevy S10 !!!
 There are 2 parts that I always use factory-supplied rather than aftermarket ... brake pads and oil filters . I had the choice of these pads , which are identical to what was installed new at the factory , or pads with a ceramic friction material . I have used ceramic pads at more expense in the past and was not happy with them . While ceramic pads can be quieter and longer lasting than the original material , they can cause more wear on the rotors and my experience has been that they fade badly when hot . These pads were installed on a 2007 Rendezvous -LRB- rear -RRB- and are just as effective and quiet as when the car was new . I can expect they will last 60-80 ,000 miles , maybe more . As-new is perfect as far as I 'm concerned .
 My husband loves this dash cover . It installed quickly and perfectly ; and that was done by someone who does n't read instructions ! He chose this color for it 's reflective capability , rather than worrying about it matching the interior . Helps keep down the heat being absorbed by the black dash . Actually does n't look that bad in contrast to the interior .
 Great grab bar ! Bolted right up to my 07 trx 450r . The black powder coat looks good too . I would buy this product again !
 By far the best price for this item on the web . combine this with the free shipping and that 's one heck of a deal ! only complaint is i wanted one in gloss black instead of brushed aluminum , but i could n't turn this deal down . Looks good on my 06 honda trx450r and is great for someone looking for a stock replacement that has more grabbing area .
 I took a chance on this cover as it was far from the most expensive . I was pleased with the quality . It is of thicker material than I was expecting . The fit is really good with elastic around the front and back of the cover and grommets mid-way on both sides . I live in a windy area and the cover stays securely on the truck . There is nothing abrasive on the cover to cause rub marks . I also receive a lot of intense sun so we shall see how it holds up but 1 month out it 's , so far so good . I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 I purchased this resister due to the fact that I purchased a blower from an Amazon competitor that stated that the reason their blower failed in basically less than two weeks of use was due to a short in the resistor or some other area . I removed the resistor and tested it as well as this unit . This unit is slightly out of the manufacture specifications listed in the manual and my old resistor had no shorts and was closer to the manufacture tolerances . Needless to say that I purchased the blower from a competitor because Amazon stated there would be weeks before their blower was available . Regardless , it was already a hot summer so I went the quickest route . The second time around , Amazon had them in stock and I purchased the blower from Amazon . No complaints and we have been using blower almost every day for A/C . Check out the review for the blower in that section .
 I could n't find a shade that fits , and was concerned that the hefty price of this one would n't be worth it . Almost three years later , and I am still very pleased !
 This shade has been used daily in my car for over a year now , and it is still in perfect condition . The shade 's primary fault is that it 's a bit hard to roll up , but it does soften with usage . I generally just fold it in thirds and stick it in the footwell of the front passenger seat . Highly recommended - durable , performs as promised , and fits the front window perfectly .
 Or , at least have a good idea what needs to be fixed . I hope not to have to use it much , but am sure it will prove to be as useful as the Haynes manuals for our 1983 and 1989 Toyota pickups ! We have already used the wiring diagram to replace a malfunctioning windshield washer pump .
 It is doing its job and was easy to replace . The price was reasonable and it showed up real quick .
 This product fit right into my 1998 Honda Accord LX 4 door sedans coolant reservoir area . Very pleased ! Product works just like it is supposed to .
 The overflow tank was priced well and compared favorably to others on the internet . Ordering was easy and simple to do and the product showed up within a few days . Installed it and it has worked perfectly - thx !
 This is one of the best stuff i have bought at Amazon ... It fits to every radio and Klimatronic described . If you posses any kind of shop or you 're working with vehicles you mite need these , trust me Buy It ; -RRB-
 Everyone needs one of these . I was in a pinch and overnight-ed this kit to myself for my A4 . Just what i had hoped for .
 I have n't really used it yet but its pretty close to what you would find on a Snap On or Matco truck .
 Love it . I do n't have to try to make it fit . It just inserts right into the window . The only improvement it needs is if it could fold up for easier storage when not in use .
 I am very happy with the purchase of the Sunshade for my Volvo XC90 . It makes a considerable difference in the tempurature of the inside of my car after sitting in the hot Louisiana sun all day . The shade is a perfect fit for the windshield and only takes a few seconds to put up . The one drawback , however , is that due to its stiffness the shade does n't fold up very well so it takes up quite a bit of space when not in use .
 Shade arrived 6 days earlier than promised . Shade was packaged properly and arrived in good condition.Installation took about 3 seconds.I have a stock mirror on my Volvo XC90 . If you 're complaining about bending this shade around your mirror to fit your car , you must have a replacement mirror that is huge because I installed this thing in about 3 seconds with virtually no effort required to get it in properly.Hint
 I 'm pleased with the high quality of this sunshade - it feels sturdy and unlikely to rip or tear given the way we treat it -LRB- rolling it up in a hurry and tossing it over the seat -RRB- . It does n't fit our XC90 windshield perfectly , so I 'm knocking off a star for that since that 's why I bought this one and paid a little more than others - but it 's pretty good - and the flip-down visors on the car are strong enough to hold it in place . No more roasting . It does n't keep the car cool , but it 's about what you can hope for , like if you parked under a tree .
 The shade fits our XC90 windshield like a glove . I would have given it five stars , but rolling it to put it away is ridiculous . It is a large and can be slippery shade , so it is difficult to roll tightly in while in the car . It would be best if it was a fan fold , but we use it because of the fit and extreme heat here , in central Texas .
 These brakes are the best brake pads I have ever had !! If you touch the brake pedal you stop ! If you push it hard you go through the window ! AWESOME !!!
 the handles fit snug and hold well if applied correctly and they really add a sparkle to the truck just enough to give it the flare you need
 Good value . I bought 3 and put one in each vechicle . Do n't wait until you have a flat and have to use the POS stock unit that comes with your vehicle . Buy a good quality bottle jack and put it in your truck . Cheap insurance .
 My husband 's not very handy so anything helps - he changed my flat in under 10 min without cursing !!! I bought one for both of our cars so if I blow another tire it 's more like he 's playing with a new toy . Great price too !
 These Dayco Belts are top quality OEM Replacement Belts for outdoor power equipmentsuch as ZTR Mowers , Garden Tractors and Riding Lawn Mowers , they are much less expensive than oem belts and last twice as long as any other belts I have used , and I have used the all.Dayco makes replacement belts for most every application.Amazon has the lowest prices on Dayco Belts!Buy some Dayco Belts for your ZTR Mower , Garden Tractor or Riding Lawn Mower and Save yourself some money!Trust me , I am a professional landscaper
 The written description of this is wrong , the photo is wrong , even the order confirmation is wrong . The written description is a mixture of gibberish and nonsense . The photo shows a rubber tube attached and there is no rubber tube . This is just a cuboid piece of foam , like the original filter . It fits correctly in the filter box . The order confirmation said that this fit a 1993 Ford Escort LX EXC LX . I suppose that means it fits the LX but does n't fit the LX . It DOES fit a 1993 Ford Escort LX 1.9 L.
 while a little on the thin side or cheap feeling , it does the job as the OEM would at 1/2 the price . i work for a GM dealer and i would have paid about $ 70.00 all said and done thru work for the same mirror . it will not rotate in as far as the original , but otherwise works as it should including the power aspect . it also needed to be `` Worked '' into position , but once sinched down with the nuts it looked the same as the other side , and sealed ok . recommended
 I probably would not have bought this , had it not been for the OEM 's intake tube began leaking air around a blocked-off fitting , which was giving me some `` un-metered '' air . BUT now I am glad I did!My particular set-up is a supercharged engine that uses a MAF sensor for measuring the airflow - which requires a simple `` laptop tuning program '' to allow the user to perform air/fuel trimming . So I needed absolute control of such things when tuning the AFR , -LRB- air/fuel ratio -RRB- . I saw this system recommended on the K&N ; website and was pleased to find it at a good price through Amazon Prime . After buying and installing it , my findings were as follows.Benefits include :1 -RRB- Its massively large re-useable cone filter has a huge total-surface of air input .2 -RRB- Good sturdy , multi-point mounting , -LRB- that holds the tube so tight you can shake your entire motor bygrabbing/moving it -RRB- .3 -RRB- It uses existing OEM locations for all mounting , cabling , and hose connections for a clean bolt-oninstallation so no drilling or extra mods are required .4 -RRB- A heat shield which includes soft rubber edging - to attempt separating the `` intake air 's `` compartment , from the -LRB- hotter -RRB- engine 's compartment/area .5 -RRB- A far `` less restrictive '' airflow design , -LRB- compared to the OEM 's -RRB- backed-up by a real-world Dynoprintout , documenting a bolt-on , 9 HP gain -LRB- over the OEM system -RRB- . All in all , I was pleasantly surprised at this unit 's performance and quality . I had modified my OEM air intake before , to increase the air intake/reduce the restriction of the OEM air box system . But this K&N ; system is an excellent replacement - and it is just what it claims to be.It is a nice , solid performing unit and you can hear/feel the difference . I believe it is one of the few aftermarket items advertising `` HP gain '' that proves its legitimacy - and is worth the price paid .
 I have n't tried this product yet , if it is as they say on the video this is exactly what I need in regards to the lack of water , just tying to keep my car clean without paying $ 10 to the car wash every 2 or 3 day 's .
 I purchased this to use in my Garage in the winter to keep me out of the cold and for quick touch ups . It works great and leaves the car shinning like a new wax . Great product . The seller was easy to work with ; I had to cancel the order once and reorder . I love that it is rinseless wash but also is a great lubricant/conditioner . Many uses for one solution !
 Winter in Northern Illinois . Use this in my garage which stays above freezing . I follow the directions . Easy as pie . Salt , gunk , & everything dirty & nasty comes right off . Nice smooth finish . I 'm pretty picky when it comes to having a clean car . This is really great stuff .
 As the title says , it 's a great OEM replacement part , Centric is the mothership of a good performance company , and I trust their parts . This particular part is no different , and a great value for the price .
 This set pulls and installs pulleys on newer models . Short compact design allows use on front wheel drive engines . Not Snap ON but not snap on pricing .
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 fit and finish was perfect , keeps slop from construction site off the car , easly washed or swept out of car onto ground .
 Had these springs installed about 2 weeks ago and I must say , my Trailblazer looks so much better with the drop . Not too low , just enough to eat up some dead space between the body and tires in the wheel wells . The handling has also improved without making the ride too stiff . You will notice the bumps in the road more , but it is n't uncomfortable .
 These springs gave my GMC Envoy an attractive lower stance , improved handling , and made driving more fun . It lowered the fronts about 1.4 '' and the rears almost 2 '' making the Envoy appear more level and balanced . Prior , the rears looked more `` lifted '' than the fronts . It gives the Envoy a slightly more aggressive look and `` closed up '' the space between the fender and tire . I installed these myself with a coil spring compressor and pitman arm puller . Took almost 4 hours , but it was because I 've never done coils and strut replacements before . Afterwards , it felt very gratifying even though I was very tired and my arms and face were covered in black soot and oil . I 'm going to buy another set of these for my Audi A4 and do it all over .
 After a lot of research and comparisson I chose this set beacouse of the sturdy handles that are thick and solid -LRB- no moving parts -RRB- . I do not own a Air hammer so why purchase a set with air hammer bits and screw on handles that can get damaged . Now I do not have to run to local auto store and burn gass to rent pickle forks anymore , saves me 2.12 $ in gas for every trip I would have made . These forks look/work good , you might want to eat with them cuz the machineing & cleanup process OTC used was imaculate .
 I originally bought a cheaper 100w inverter w/one 3-prong plug and one usb plug . It beeped continuously -LRB- warning me that I was trying to draw too much power -RRB- when I plugged in my 90W Dell D600 laptop . It would power the laptop , but would n't charge the battery . It also would n't charge my iPhone . Decided to try this inverter since it looked like it was built better , had 2 3-prong outlets and was rated at 150w . It works flawlessly w/both my Dell and laptop . I have n't tried to plug two things into it simultaneously , but I 'm just happy it works w/my laptop .
 I purchased this item for my husband 's car already having purchased a slightly lesser model for my own car -LRB- which I love - yes they are a bit loud like everyone says but that does n't bother me -RRB- . I purposely bought him a model that has more power and more features than mine but when it arrived - it was the exact same one I have - for more money ! This may have been an honest mistake from the seller but just be sure to check that you got the one you paid for because they look almost identical . Hope this helps !
 This tool was just what I needed . it performed great . To pull/install a hub/axle you need this.shipped fast and very pleased . Glad I wont have to use it alot since that means car problems -LRB- not tool problems -RRB- but when I have to use it , it will be a joy . this tool really makes the job easy . high quality for the garage DIY-erIt rocks !
 These are heavy gauge metal . Comes with tubing , a separate triangle mounting bracket , and heavy gauge gasket . I was surprised by how heavy and large they were . Since I 'm using mine to mount a car muffler on a generator it more than fit the bill .
 nice covers and they fit my daughters `` NEW '' Beetle ... nice fabric/neoprene , easy to wash ... shipped on time , and well packaged . .
 In searching for these I read one review for a similar product -LRB- different outlet size -RRB- that gave it a low rating because the outer ring was n't welded to the reducer...heads-up , it 's not supposed to be . The flat face of the reducer is what mates to the gasket , not the outer retaining ring . The only welding required is to attach the reducer to the exhaust tubing . The included bolts and gaskets are more than sufficient for street use and light off-road . I recommend these to anyone that needs to connect a 3 '' three-bolt flange type collector to a 2.5 '' exhaust system .
 This product worked great for my 2000 chevy silverado 1500 . Everything fit like it was supposed to but when I was installing it , I noticed it did not have the third connection on the top . What it is used for I do n't know , but what I do know is that it worked without it being plugged in . Been installed for days and it still locks and unlocks great !! Great buy ! NAPA sells it for 50 bucks !!!
 The actuator appeared to be an exact match for the oem piece at a fraction of the cost . It works well so far . We will see if it holds up . Fingers crossed .
 Quick delivery & great price for this useful replacement product . Slight design modification from OEM -LRB- one of the connections has been reloated on item -RRB- but works great .
 The exact thing I was looking for . New and same as original of bmw 524td
 The 10yo MAF sensor was fine , but replaced with this new one anyways and was still getting the P0102 code , meaning the electrical circuits was registering low voltage coming from the MAF sensor . Come to find out , the dealer said it was a wire somewhere that was chewed up from squirrels . Fixing the wire also fixed a severe CLUNK in my transmission when it shifted from 1st into 2nd gear . Who ` da Thunk ?? my amazon name at aol.com if you want the whole story . This MAF works great . .
 Easy to install , fit perfectly and performs flawlessly , it 's hard to wax poetic about a product like this but you wo n't be disappointed
 I had been looking for an MSU door mat for my mother - the one she has is so worn you ca n't even see the bulldog on it anymore ! I searched EVERYWHERE and finanlly found the perfect thing here ! The mat is the perfect size and it looks very well made . So excited I found this ... it 's gon na make a great Christmas gift !
 Excellent build quality and perfect fit on my Camry after removal of extra rubber gasket . Clear markings for SAE 10W-30 .
 The headers are not the chromed out version you see on the photo , but rather are the `` Chikara '' standards . However , they are good quality and you receive all the necessary equipment , bolts , O2 sensor rewire kit , individually packaged header gasket , collector gasket , and decals . If you have never done headers before than it comes with an instructional how to flyer and the steps one should take before and after attaching your equipment . Some of the black coat is coming off from being banged together during shipping , but overall I am extremely satisfied . My Talon now has better breathing and it really shows with this simple bolt on from Hedman !!
 I bought them even though a couple other people said they were very hard to roll around , the price was right.They roll perfect for me , considering they have 5,000 lbs on them i think they work great . I push it around by myself with relative ease.I do have a nice smooth epoxied garage floor though.The only problem i had was only half the nuts & bolts were in the box , so i had to run to the hardware store & buy $ 6 worth of hardware.I would definately recommend buying these .
 I bought this because my remote quit working and would n't work after I put a new battery in it . I even tried the programming procedure described in the owner 's manual , with no success.The kit has one spare remote and very easy instructions to reprogram your new remote.As a matter of fact it is possible that the only thing you really need is the instructions
 I received my remote yesterday afternoon for my 2003 Chevy Impala . It took me less than 5 minutes to program and be on my way to work . I am thrilled with the service and delivery as well as the ease of how it was programmed . The dealer wanted $ 55.00 for the remote and $ 75.00 to program it . Thanks .
 My original key fob was draining through batteries at lightening speed and then finally stopped working all together . I wish I would 've searched on amazon sooner to discover that I could buy a universal replacement . Great buy !
 My son bought a used Chevy Impala and it did n't have a keyless remote . He found this one - which is compatible - and we ordered it . Even with the help of Dave at Discount Keyless , it would not sync . Dave gave me one other suggestion , which we tried . When that did n't work I called their 800 number and was able to return the remote , hassle-free !
 it arrived within the allotted time even a little bit before i bought it -LRB- used -RRB- although it looked brand new ! it was so easy to set up . it litterally took me 1 min to get it working for my car . great purchase will definitely buy from them again !
 I work in a job in which I have to keep the doors on my car locked . My car only has one external key hole and it was malfunctioning . I bought the car used , so I did n't have a keyless remote . The locksmith was going to charge me $ 70 for one . I found one from this seller for $ 15 and it works perfectly . Also , it was shipped promptly , I received the remote in 3 days , complete with instructions for programming . Great company !
 It took my 30 seconds to program this to my car . The dealership said it would take an hour and wanted to charge me $ 135 . Worth every penny .
 Ordered Tuesday evening , received in my mailbox Friday . Also , paid nearly half what you would pay at Autozone for the same headlight !!!
 I have these gloves in black -LRB- the `` stealth '' version where the leather is not perforated -RRB- and they are by far my favorites.Sizing / Fit : I have small hands , and usually wear a small or medium in ladies ' gloves . I bought a women 's small in these and they fit great . I also have med . length fingernails -LRB- maybe about 1/3 inch past my fingertips -RRB- and they pose no problem in the gloves.Look / Feel : These are great all-leather gloves that feel great the first time you wear them . They do n't look all bulgy and huge like other motorcycle gloves that I 've tried -- which is really important to me ! I wear them while riding my Vespa and they just blend right in . The protection in the knuckles looks a little crazy in the pictures , but it looks totally fine on your hands . It does n't stick out much and you do n't look funny wearing the gloves when you 're not on your bike.Warmth : As I stated above , I have the non-perforated version , so that 's the only one I can comment on . These gloves are great for daytime riding in mild weather . Sometimes when I ride my Vespa late after work and it 's cooled off outside my hands are really cold by the time I get home . I tried wearing these in the winter for riding -LRB- ok , Northern Cali winter . . so we 're talking 40-50 degrees mostly -RRB- and they were not warm enough . My hands were freezing and after driving a couple of miles going 50-55 . By the time I would get home my fingers would be practically numb . I tried wearing another pair of thin gloves under them to keep warm but the fit is so close that practically nothing would fit . I also tried jamming some of those hot packs into the palms , which helped a tiny bit , but it still was n't really bareable because they did n't help my fingers . I eventually just gave up and stopped riding when it was so cold outside -LRB- not just because of the gloves , but overall I was just too cold and not willing to wear all sorts of layers when I could just take the car instead :-RRB- I do n't think the warmth factor is a negative on the gloves at all - as I did n't really expect them to be all-weather gloves.Overall , these are the best gloves I 've found for wearing while riding my scooter . The fit , feel , and look are exactly what I wanted . I just need to find an alternative for wearing in colder weather !
 I have these gloves in black -LRB- the `` stealth '' version where the leather is not perforated -RRB- and they are by far my favorites.Sizing / Fit : I have small hands , and usually wear a small or medium in ladies ' gloves . I bought a women 's small in these and they fit great . I also have med . length fingernails -LRB- maybe about 1/3 inch past my fingertips -RRB- and they pose no problem in the gloves.Look / Feel : These are great all-leather gloves that feel great the first time you wear them . They do n't look all bulgy and huge like other motorcycle gloves that I 've tried -- which is really important to me ! I wear them while riding my Vespa and they just blend right in . The protection in the knuckles looks a little crazy in the pictures , but it looks totally fine on your hands . It does n't stick out much and you do n't look funny wearing the gloves when you 're not on your bike.Warmth : As I stated above , I have the non-perforated version , so that 's the only one I can comment on . These gloves are great for daytime riding in mild weather . Sometimes when I ride my Vespa late after work and it 's cooled off outside my hands are really cold by the time I get home . I tried wearing these in the winter for riding -LRB- ok , Northern Cali winter . . so we 're talking 40-50 degrees mostly -RRB- and they were not warm enough . My hands were freezing and after driving a couple of miles going 50-55 . By the time I would get home my fingers would be practically numb . I tried wearing another pair of thin gloves under them to keep warm but the fit is so close that practically nothing would fit . I also tried jamming some of those hot packs into the palms , which helped a tiny bit , but it still was n't really bareable because they did n't help my fingers . I eventually just gave up and stopped riding when it was so cold outside -LRB- not just because of the gloves , but overall I was just too cold and not willing to wear all sorts of layers when I could just take the car instead :-RRB- I do n't think the warmth factor is a negative on the gloves at all - as I did n't really expect them to be all-weather gloves.Overall , these are the best gloves I 've found for wearing while riding my scooter . The fit , feel , and look are exactly what I wanted . I just need to find an alternative for wearing in colder weather !
 OEM Replacement . After your drill out the Rivet 's holding the old/bad actuator to door panel you will need the GM 1/4 door lock actuator rivet when installing new actuator/actuators .
 Very Satisfied with the product , method of ordering , shipping , delivery , and cost . I have no problems with doing it again . John K.
 What can I say ... . it works , was delivered on time and installed just like one from Chevy but at 1/4 the cost . Has been installed for over a year with no problems .
 Parts came on time and worked great . Had to file off a plastic bump to mount it to the bracket that holds it to the door , but other than that no problems . I did not use the rivets that came with it , they were small , so I just got the next size larger and it all went together pretty well . The hardest part was getting the door panel off & on . All power locks work now , so I 'm happy .
 My Chevy Suburban is 13 years old and two of the door actuators do not work anymore . So I bought one by VDO and another one by Dorman . I was happy with the Dorman because it came with a rubber boot and 5 rivets -LRB- two of which I used for installing the VDO actuator -RRB- . The VDO does not . But the VDO seems to be more solidly built . I know that VDO makes some OEM parts for BMW , so I expect it to last longer than the Dorman as the Dorman housing is actually plastic with a fake metal can on top . We 'll see how they flare , but I hope I never will find out as I will probably not keep my car more than another 5 years . Oh one more thing , the VDO fits perfectly into the original bracket but I had to drill and file the bracket to fit the Dorman unit -LRB- 3 mins job -RRB- . If another one of the door actuator craps out on my Chevy , I will probably buy a VDO , though it cost $ 5 more . I could go either way though .
 My back power door locks work again , making me and especially my wife happy . All for less than $ 60 for a pair of them . Great!Yes , there was a bit of filing and fussing . Such is the nature of an aftermarket product that covers a multitude of vehicles . But , if you are handy enough to install the product , these things will not hinder you.The product works well .
 Bought these door actuators for my chevrolet suburban -LRB- 1999 model -RRB- , they fitted in the door perfectly but one thing , if and when you remove the old General Motors unit remove the mounting bracket used to fix it to the door as you will need this to fit the new one in . There are two studs on the base , the off center one has to be cut off so the bracket fits . Now I deducted one star due to the fact that the wiring connector fitted okay but because there plug makes it fit vertically from above this means you can not put the rubber cover on the unit over the connector , not a good design idea there . Otherwise works perfectly , would highly recommend . I have got by for years with the cheapo versions from electronics suppliers for a few bucks but they do not fit correctly and move around . Wish I had found these some years back .
 This is the perfect one charger for all my needs . I am now able to take this single charger with me when traveling . It works fine for my Nuvi GPS , BlackBerry Phone and Apple iTouch / iPod .
 Nice quality and good looks for the money , with free shipping too ! Would definately purchase again ...
 Used on my motorcycle . Easy to apply , looks like a professional job . I would definitely buy them again .
 The delivery service was great . Item arived in mint condition with no hassels.Amazon.com is tops .
 I received this item with the right one as a pair . This one is working fine . The right one i am still waiting for a replacement to arrive .
 the tail gate lifts were promptly sent to me ... There was a large price difference between the price of the right and left shock which made no sense because they were identical . A local auto parts store offered a different recognized brand at no difference in price for right and left which that averaged out for what I paid for the the two I purchased on line ... I feel I should n't have purchased the shock that was about $ 10 higher than the other side ... They installed fine and work good .
 I bought one , so pleased , bought another . Easy programming instructions . Works the locks , trunk , and emergency horn . Really ca n't ask for anything more . Forgot to memtion , a great price also .
 Worked great , with easy to follow instructions . Saved lots of money to fill gas tank a couple times .
 These remotes programmed the first time and I am so glad I ordered them . The price and quality of these were much more than I expected .
 this item worked exactly as the old one and installed very easy . works very well.install also very easy . and it was way way cheaper than buying one from local parts store . mine went out during snowy weather and i replaced in my parking lot at my apartment fast .
 Looks good but have n't installed it yet . Problem has a least temporarily cleared up . Seems a little stiff but that could be normal .
 These Dayco Belts are top quality OEM Replacement Belts for outdoor power equipmentsuch as ZTR Mowers , Garden Tractors and Riding Lawn Mowers , they are much less expensive than oem belts and last twice as long as any other belts I have used , and I have used them all.Dayco makes replacement belts for most every application.Amazon has the lowest prices on Dayco Belts!Buy some Dayco Belts for your ZTR Mower , Garden Tractor or Riding Lawn Mower and Save yourself some money!Trust me , I am a professional landscaper .
 I 'd replaced both lift motors on my '97 F150 with cheaper remanufactured ones , and the windows were sluggish and both quit within a year . This time , I used the Cardone Select motor because of the advertised higher torque , and the windows operate like new . I highly recommend these , especially for older vehicles like mine .
 Fits my 1999 Hyundai Tiburon to the T. the packaging protects the radiator during shipment , well thought packing for shipment.The temperature sensor I ordered together with the radiator makes my system like brand new .
 I have these gloves in black -LRB- the `` stealth '' version where the leather is not perforated -RRB- and they are by far my favorites.Sizing / Fit : I have small hands , and usually wear a small or medium in ladies ' gloves . I bought a women 's small in these and they fit great . I also have med . length fingernails -LRB- maybe about 1/3 inch past my fingertips -RRB- and they pose no problem in the gloves.Look / Feel : These are great all-leather gloves that feel great the first time you wear them . They do n't look all bulgy and huge like other motorcycle gloves that I 've tried -- which is really important to me ! I wear them while riding my Vespa and they just blend right in . The protection in the knuckles looks a little crazy in the pictures , but it looks totally fine on your hands . It does n't stick out much and you do n't look funny wearing the gloves when you 're not on your bike.Warmth : As I stated above , I have the non-perforated version , so that 's the only one I can comment on . These gloves are great for daytime riding in mild weather . Sometimes when I ride my Vespa late after work and it 's cooled off outside my hands are really cold by the time I get home . I tried wearing these in the winter for riding -LRB- ok , Northern Cali winter . . so we 're talking 40-50 degrees mostly -RRB- and they were not warm enough . My hands were freezing and after driving a couple of miles going 50-55 . By the time I would get home my fingers would be practically numb . I tried wearing another pair of thin gloves under them to keep warm but the fit is so close that practically nothing would fit . I also tried jamming some of those hot packs into the palms , which helped a tiny bit , but it still was n't really bareable because they did n't help my fingers . I eventually just gave up and stopped riding when it was so cold outside -LRB- not just because of the gloves , but overall I was just too cold and not willing to wear all sorts of layers when I could just take the car instead :-RRB- I do n't think the warmth factor is a negative on the gloves at all - as I did n't really expect them to be all-weather gloves.Overall , these are the best gloves I 've found for wearing while riding my scooter . The fit , feel , and look are exactly what I wanted . I just need to find an alternative for wearing in colder weather !
 I have these gloves in black -LRB- the `` stealth '' version where the leather is not perforated -RRB- and they are by far my favorites.Sizing / Fit : I have small hands , and usually wear a small or medium in ladies ' gloves . I bought a women 's small in these and they fit great . I also have med . length fingernails -LRB- maybe about 1/3 inch past my fingertips -RRB- and they pose no problem in the gloves.Look / Feel : These are great all-leather gloves that feel great the first time you wear them . They do n't look all bulgy and huge like other motorcycle gloves that I 've tried -- which is really important to me ! I wear them while riding my Vespa and they just blend right in . The protection in the knuckles looks a little crazy in the pictures , but it looks totally fine on your hands . It does n't stick out much and you do n't look funny wearing the gloves when you 're not on your bike.Warmth : As I stated above , I have the non-perforated version , so that 's the only one I can comment on . These gloves are great for daytime riding in mild weather . Sometimes when I ride my Vespa late after work and it 's cooled off outside my hands are really cold by the time I get home . I tried wearing these in the winter for riding -LRB- ok , Northern Cali winter . . so we 're talking 40-50 degrees mostly -RRB- and they were not warm enough . My hands were freezing and after driving a couple of miles going 50-55 . By the time I would get home my fingers would be practically numb . I tried wearing another pair of thin gloves under them to keep warm but the fit is so close that practically nothing would fit . I also tried jamming some of those hot packs into the palms , which helped a tiny bit , but it still was n't really bareable because they did n't help my fingers . I eventually just gave up and stopped riding when it was so cold outside -LRB- not just because of the gloves , but overall I was just too cold and not willing to wear all sorts of layers when I could just take the car instead :-RRB- I do n't think the warmth factor is a negative on the gloves at all - as I did n't really expect them to be all-weather gloves.Overall , these are the best gloves I 've found for wearing while riding my scooter . The fit , feel , and look are exactly what I wanted . I just need to find an alternative for wearing in colder weather !
 I have these gloves in black -LRB- the `` stealth '' version where the leather is not perforated -RRB- and they are by far my favorites.Sizing / Fit : I have small hands , and usually wear a small or medium in ladies ' gloves . I bought a women 's small in these and they fit great . I also have med . length fingernails -LRB- maybe about 1/3 inch past my fingertips -RRB- and they pose no problem in the gloves.Look / Feel : These are great all-leather gloves that feel great the first time you wear them . They do n't look all bulgy and huge like other motorcycle gloves that I 've tried -- which is really important to me ! I wear them while riding my Vespa and they just blend right in . The protection in the knuckles looks a little crazy in the pictures , but it looks totally fine on your hands . It does n't stick out much and you do n't look funny wearing the gloves when you 're not on your bike.Warmth : As I stated above , I have the non-perforated version , so that 's the only one I can comment on . These gloves are great for daytime riding in mild weather . Sometimes when I ride my Vespa late after work and it 's cooled off outside my hands are really cold by the time I get home . I tried wearing these in the winter for riding -LRB- ok , Northern Cali winter . . so we 're talking 40-50 degrees mostly -RRB- and they were not warm enough . My hands were freezing and after driving a couple of miles going 50-55 . By the time I would get home my fingers would be practically numb . I tried wearing another pair of thin gloves under them to keep warm but the fit is so close that practically nothing would fit . I also tried jamming some of those hot packs into the palms , which helped a tiny bit , but it still was n't really bareable because they did n't help my fingers . I eventually just gave up and stopped riding when it was so cold outside -LRB- not just because of the gloves , but overall I was just too cold and not willing to wear all sorts of layers when I could just take the car instead :-RRB- I do n't think the warmth factor is a negative on the gloves at all - as I did n't really expect them to be all-weather gloves.Overall , these are the best gloves I 've found for wearing while riding my scooter . The fit , feel , and look are exactly what I wanted . I just need to find an alternative for wearing in colder weather !
 I have these gloves in black -LRB- the `` stealth '' version where the leather is not perforated -RRB- and they are by far my favorites.Sizing / Fit : I have small hands , and usually wear a small or medium in ladies ' gloves . I bought a women 's small in these and they fit great . I also have med . length fingernails -LRB- maybe about 1/3 inch past my fingertips -RRB- and they pose no problem in the gloves.Look / Feel : These are great all-leather gloves that feel great the first time you wear them . They do n't look all bulgy and huge like other motorcycle gloves that I 've tried -- which is really important to me ! I wear them while riding my Vespa and they just blend right in . The protection in the knuckles looks a little crazy in the pictures , but it looks totally fine on your hands . It does n't stick out much and you do n't look funny wearing the gloves when you 're not on your bike.Warmth : As I stated above , I have the non-perforated version , so that 's the only one I can comment on . These gloves are great for daytime riding in mild weather . Sometimes when I ride my Vespa late after work and it 's cooled off outside my hands are really cold by the time I get home . I tried wearing these in the winter for riding -LRB- ok , Northern Cali winter . . so we 're talking 40-50 degrees mostly -RRB- and they were not warm enough . My hands were freezing and after driving a couple of miles going 50-55 . By the time I would get home my fingers would be practically numb . I tried wearing another pair of thin gloves under them to keep warm but the fit is so close that practically nothing would fit . I also tried jamming some of those hot packs into the palms , which helped a tiny bit , but it still was n't really bareable because they did n't help my fingers . I eventually just gave up and stopped riding when it was so cold outside -LRB- not just because of the gloves , but overall I was just too cold and not willing to wear all sorts of layers when I could just take the car instead :-RRB- I do n't think the warmth factor is a negative on the gloves at all - as I did n't really expect them to be all-weather gloves.Overall , these are the best gloves I 've found for wearing while riding my scooter . The fit , feel , and look are exactly what I wanted . I just need to find an alternative for wearing in colder weather !
 I 've had my Xpower Powerpack 300 EP for over 4 years now and ca n't imagine my home without it . I 've taken it camping , jumped my truck battery with it , inflated a flat tire , and most importantly used it to charge my cell phone , light a table lamp -LRB- using a 9 watt spiral fluorescent bulb -RRB- & run my portable DVD player after losing power during/following Hurricane Ike last September ! Clicks for a little while when recharging from being completely drained but that goes away after the battery starts holding a charge . A real comfort to have !
 This is an all purpose emergency tool.It provides 300 watts of AC power , which you can use to recharge your cellular phone , run a laptop computer , radio , or even a television.It provides 12V DC power , which you can use to run anything that runs on a cigarrette lighter.It can jump start your car if the battery is dead -LRB- 4 cylinder and most 6-cylinders -RRB- . It has a rechargeable LED Flashlight.It has a air compressor/pump that can inflate your tires.And you can recharge/power it using the cigarrette lighter in your car or using an AC power source .
 Have n't gotten the opportunity to use any of the power pack features other than the flashligh . Very bright . One caveat is that I ordered the Xpower POWERPACK , but the Amazon 's affliated parter sent the DURACEL brand which got low marks from users , but has the same features as the Xpower . I questioned the retailer , and their response was that DURACEL manufactures the powerpack for Xpower . My response - `` Hmmmmm ... . why not just advertise and sell the Duracel ? `` Update
 Very happy with the Xpower 300 Ep Powerpack , works very well , I carry it with me whenever I am traveling , very handy .
 A jump starter , much like jumper cables , is one of those purchases you hope you never need but are greatly relieved you have it should the situation arise where you do need it . I bought my first jump starter more than 15 years ago when I had a terrible habit of forgetting to shut off my headlights when I parked the car while it was raining . When the security guard at my workplace back then used one of these gadgets to jump start my car for me , I immediately purchased one of my own.The first one I bought not only had a jump start function , but it was also an air compressor , allowing you to quickly and easily fill your tires when necessary . I confess that is something I have a tendency not to notice , so one those occasions when it is called to my attention , it is good to be able to immediately do something about it . The chances of my forgetting to go somewhere to fill the tires is pretty great , unfortunately.That first jump starter wore out years ago , and I immediately bought another one . That one proved to be a dud - it never worked when I needed it to jump start a car , despite my being diligent about keeping it charged according to the manufacturer 's recommendations . I finally gave up on it and bought the Xantrex Powerpack 300EP Emergency Jump Starter with Built-In Power Inverter and Air Compressor from Amazon.I have used the Xantrex many times to fill my tires since I bought it 2 years ago , but it was n't until recently I needed it to jump start a car . I helped another woman whose battery had died while she was shopping a Target one night recently and it worked very well.Not long after that , a coworker had a problem with his battery . He had to jump start it every time he needed to go somewhere . He thought he had a loose wire , and I lent Xantrex jump starter to him while he worked on it so he did n't get stranded . I recommended that he plug it in and charge it every night to keep it ready for use , and he followed my advice . He used it for about 5 days before he fixed the battery issue , and it served him well.With most of these jump starters , you should plug them in to charge them overnight once every month in the summer and once every three months in the winter , even if you have n't used them . If you have used them , I highly recommend charging it again soon after the use to keep it ready.The luxury of being able to jump start my car without another person or vehicle is something I 've grown extremely accustomed to . As a single woman , I try to be as self-reliant as possible and this gadget is something I absolutely wo n't do without . I highly recommend that everyone have one , and this Xantrex has proven to be a very reliable model .
 Yes it works ! I was able twice to jump start my dead battery . But do n't expect it to do more than it 's meant to do . For instance , it would n't operate a 60 watt light bulb for more than 20-30 minutes .
 This is a lifesaver ! Before our family left on a camping trip , we discovered the car had a flat tire AFTER we loaded up the car with kids , dog and camp supplies . The tire had picked up a large nail . I used the air compressor to temporarily inflate the tire , drove to the nearest Discount Tire , had it repaired for free and we were on our way in 30 minutes!At the campsite , we used the Powerpack to run two fluorescent table lamps , a portable DVD player for the kids , a coffee grinder , a stick blender , recharged batteries for the digital camera -LRB- it eats batteries -RRB- , used the built-in flashlight , inflated bike tires , etc. . We were with a large church group , and more than one Dad asked me where I got it and wanted one , especially at night , when our tent brightly glowed among the dark tents.It has kept a charge for weeks . I did n't realize how useful this is until I got one .
 these springs made a big difference in the ride of my 71 cutlass . The front however seem to be more than a one inch drop , and the rear do n't seem to be as much of a drop sooooo ... All and all I 'm satisfied the way the car rides , still working on the stance for right now , its just not perfect yet .
 These Dayco Belts are top quality OEM Replacement Belts for outdoor power equipmentsuch as ZTR Mowers , Garden Tractors and Riding Lawn Mowers , they are much less expensive than oem belts and last twice as long as any other belts I have used , and I have used the all.Dayco makes replacement belts for most every application.Amazon has the lowest prices on Dayco Belts!Buy some Dayco Belts for your ZTR Mower , Garden Tractor or Riding Lawn Mower and Save yourself some money!Trust me , I am a professional landscaper
 These lift support are of high quality and work great . Make sure whether or not you need the ones for rear window defroster or not , as they are different part numbers . You will not have a rear window defroster if you purchase the wrong ones .
 Radiator has restored my confidence when driving in the heat . I 'm no longer periodically peeping down at the gage to see if the needle is moving . Its a worry thats gone and I 'm happy it left . I 'm extremely happy with this product !!!
 This radiator was identical to the OEM and hundreds of dollars cheaper . Absolutely no problems installing it . Highly recommended and it great to not see coolant under my car any more .
 Title says it all . atv was almost 10 yrs old . I work it hard last year I decide to give some tlc . So I cleaned up the racks and threw in these springs . I plow so these help out . They add a little payload and make the atv sit a little higher . which is nice as i have oversized tires . I do n't really no how they are on the trail as I rarely use my atv for that .
 This will be a bit long.My garage floor had been epoxy coated but after 3 years started to peel , looked horrible and the flakes were tracked on shoes making a mess in the house . I looked at all the options and decided to purchase 2 floor mats and I am glad I did . I was concerned with the standard .5 mil mats but they are in fact heavy duty . I chose the ribbed pattern because of price and the thought that in the winter the water and melted snow could be more easily swept out of the garage.The ribs are not dust pan friendly , but sweeping the mess out of the garage not a big deal . The lighter color mats show less dirt , but dirt is dirt and sweeping the dirt no big deal.The mats lay flat and are not moved by the wheels of the car and using adhesive to hold them down unnecessary . The garage floor looks great on the floor and provide excellent protection . If price is not a strong consideration or snow and rain not a factor , I would have chosen a different pattern but I do not regret the ribbed pattern.Installation was not a big deal , I did that by myself but a second set of hands would have made it much easier . The mats come on a roll and weigh over 100 lbs . Just to make this complete , I considered tiles but the cost would have been much higher and the more I though about it , each tile with 4 sides times over 100 tiles meant many potential points of failure.In summary I found the G mats to be a smart choice , it protects the floor and it looks great .
 I love , love , love this mat!It is heavy duty rubber and is ribbed as shown . The size was perfect for our garageand unrolled goes just about the length of the garage . It comes rolled up and , warning , is very heavy . We unrolled it and it did curl up at one end but wetaped it down -LRB- did not really work -RRB- Since we purchased it in cooler weather we ` rehoping it uncurls when it is warmer , although it is not a major issue . With thefall and all the leaves I just sweep it out and it looks so clean and nice . The true testwill be this winter with the snow . I am a bit curious to see if once the snowmelts will it freeze up and be slippery?But so far we are very happy with the mat . Strange but I think it dresses up the garage .
 I bought two separate mats , as my garage has two individual doors . When I first unrolled them , the ends curled up and I had to weight the corners down with bricks . After a few days , the curling relaxed and I was able to remove the bricks.The ribbing will be nice in the winter , and is the key reason I bought the mats . The look great , and they will make it easier to keep my garage floor clean . They lie flat , and I have not noticed any bunching .
 Needed a cheap inverter for my truck . Here it is ! And now for the rest of the story ... add words 'till the yellow shows up
 muy util , a must have for field work . lo &uacute;nico malo que veo es que los cables de alimentaci&oacute;n son muy cortos , recomiendo conseguir una conexi&oacute;n quiz&aacute;s de 5 pies o mas .
 me parece muy buen producto pero tengo un problema ... funciona muy bien para aparatos el&eacute;ctricos de mayor capacidad como un congelador de 10 pies , sin embargo , no hace prender una l&aacute;mpara de 60 watts . Necesito revisar las conecciones ya que desconozco cuanto es el consumo en el arranque de las lamparas . En general funciona muy bien y ni siquiera necesita prender el ventilador interno para enfriarlo . Buscare la soluci&oacute;n o tal vez tenga que comprar uno de mayor capacidad .
 This product works great ! I had been pricing inverters for a while , this inverter was the best for the money and wattage ! It is so quiet and runs my LED big screen TV and DVD player and lamp with ease ! This is great for when the electricity goes off or you need to create your own !! Michael
 I have a TON of experience with inverters . I have installed numerous brands , sizes , styles into numerous applications . This is now my go to inverter of choice . It does everything an inverter should do , it 's not overly complicated or too fancy , and it 's well priced . Buy it , use it , enjoy it .
 its a really good inverter . I like that the fan does n't run all time only when it needs . very quiet i like the volt and watt indecater guage.The only thing is i wish i would have gotthe 2300 watt inverter instead . I needed the larger inverter to run all the stuff i have for inmy cabin for power outtages .
 I installed the inverter under the couch in my RV -LRB- couch turns into bed -RRB- so there is decent space there for ventilation - but no more than 6 inches on each side and a few feet on the back . I run a DVD player and a TV off one of the outlets using a 10 foot extension cord and it works great . TV quality is fine when running just off the batter through the inverter . Great product great price . I ordered the extra cables that are needed to run the unit any distance to the battery by the way . The small clamps that came with it will not cut it for installation at any distance away from the battery .
 i have only had it for about a month . being used in off-grid solar application . meets my expectations for output . used it to run my small window a/c unit last week , WORKED NICELY ! with shipping it was around $ 90 so i think it was a good buy .
 Very pleased with this inverter . We were able to use this inverter to power a 200 watt amp for my son 's marching band . The inverter has worked flawlessly so far .
 I bought this inverter to provide AC current from a small homemade solar system -LRB- 60 watts -RRB- . I already had a 400 watt Cobra inverter -LRB- CPI 480 -RRB- which works fine but does n't have the capabilities of an 1100 watt inverter . At the price , I could n't refuse.This inverter routinely and reliably runs several simultaneous loads ; computer , TV , and lamp . I am just a hobbyist so this is fine , but the thing is , the Cobra can do the same thing and has a two year warranty . I really wanted something that would run my chest freezer if there was a power outage so my meat would n't spoil . It is rated at 1.25 amps AC , but the surge is always the limiting factor on such loads . Well , in any case , the inverter did it ! Yes the alarm screamed as the voltage dropped as the inverter was drawing off a single 109 ah deep cycle battery , but the freezer motor turned over before the inverter shut down due to low voltage . Then , the freezer ran fine , the LED indicator on the inverter noting the freezer was pulling only 144 watts once it gets started . Point is , for 65 bucks , you get a capable unit , LED indicator , quiet operation -LRB- fan only comes on when the inverter reaches a certain threshold temperature -RRB- . I ca n't comment on the long term reliability at this point but it does have a one year warranty . The only suggestion I would have is to separate the red and black 12 volt inputs at the back of the inverter to each side of the inverter instead of being on top of each other . If you run 6 awg wires with lugs to the back of the unit , they almost touch each other .
 This is an awesome inverter ! I used this to make a `` power box '' for tailgating using 2 deep cycle marine batteries . This allowed us to have portable power for our Television/etc . when we do n't have access to corded power or a generator !
 I bought for my 4 1/2 in angle grinder to do some work way out yonder . well this was way cheaper than a genny so why not I have a few good batts laying around as I am an auto tech . works well but I had to cut3 1 1/4 solid steel bars with the grinder . I had one battery and sometimes would overload and shut off.it got the job done but was a pain everytime it overload . I did the math on the grinder and should of worked . called the company and they said probably needed the next size up and or use 2 batts but hey it got the job done . you cant beat the price of $ 69 with free ship . still beats a genny plus a lot more quiet . I still use it for odd jobs where theres no power . but be warned as a auto tech use a stand alone batt or you may be stranded with a weak batt on your vehicle . it weakens a batt quick it draws a lot of juice . it also powers 60w house lamp no problem . all in all not to bad .
 This is great lil ' inverter for my detailing business . Allowing me to run everything with out the gas or emission problems ... . not to mention the noise reduction Vs. the generator.NOTE ; this unit provides what i need , However depending on the size of the rotary you may need the next biggest inverter for your detailing application . Its easy to find out though : -RRB-
 I got this after realizing that my 700 Watt inverter was not powerful enough . I tested this device using a variety of appliances and it worked great . It 's got a meter on the front that tells you how much juice you 're using . The device has a feature that will shut down in case it detects that the battery has lost too much charge . -LRB- but you can leave your car on so that this does n't happen -RRB- . The only reason I wo n't give it 5 starts is because I have not used it in a real life emergency yet . But I am very pleased with this device .
 I needed convenient portable power at a remote location . I have an auxiliary 12 volt battery as the power source , so this was an ideal solution . I found the power bright 1100 watt unit to be more than satisfactory to run a hand drill , small reciprocating saw , and a soldering gun . Obviously not all at the same time , but the unit provided sufficient power to allow me to complete my projects reliably . So far , I 've experienced no problems and it works as advertised . The overcurrent sensor is reliable , jamming the reciprocal Saw will trip the overcurrent and shut down the unit , exactly as I would hope it would do .
 We have purchase two of these and both have worked out much better than others we have owned . They have extremely low standby power draw and the units cooling fan does not run continousely as so many do . This makes it a great inverter for small/medium solar powered cabin or RV as you can leave them running without continous fan noise or excess power draw when unit has litlle or no load .
 Powered a small refrigerator and a little fan with this guy off a battery bank . I have n't put too much power through it but it worked for that setup . I 've run simple lights as well off it without issue . Ca n't use a Kurieg coffee maker with it though .
 my first time ordering one of these , sorry i did not order the full sine wave tho , this will operate one tv but not my other one.I assume it 's because of the modified wave . only bad thing is seemed like shipping was slow. , seems to be a good product tho . looked as advertised and packed well .
 I bought this to run a small chest freezer -LRB- 1.3 Amp draw -RRB- 3.0 Cu.Ft.It works great , handles the start up surge with no problems . It seems to be well made . I have not tested it with other items .
 This a good invert for your basic needs , you wo n't be take your home off the grid with it though .
 nishinihon de siyousiteimasu 60Hz -LRB- It uses in westJapan 60Hz -RRB- japanese ----- -LSB- Whistler Pro-1200W 1,200 Watt Power Inverter -RSB- to dotiranisiyoukanayamimasitagakekkyoku ryouhou kaukotonisimasitakakakuha -LSB- Whistler Pro-1200W 1,200 Watt Power Inverter -RSB- ga yasuidesugaattoutekini kotirano -LSB- Power Bright PW1100-12 Power Inverter 1100 Watt 12 Volt DC To 110 Volt AC -RSB- ga yokattadesuyokattaten.saizuga tiisai.sizuka -LSB- hikui denryokudato kawaranai -RSB- . watt ga mireru.ke-buruga tuitekuru.haimen konekutaga tukaiyasui -LSB- juuyou -RSB- . hyu-zu ga koukansiyasuidotirano Inverter mo tesuta-dehakaruto AC100 wo simesimasuenglish ----- I think -LSB- Whistler Pro-1200W 1,200 Watt Power Inverter -RSB- or -LSB- Power Bright PW1100-12 Power Inverter 1100 Watt 12 Volt DC To 110 Volt AC -RSB- However , -LSB- Power Bright PW1100-12 Power Inverter 1100 Watt 12 Volt DC To 110 Volt AC -RSB- was decided on.Reasons are six points . . small size.noise is small . . Watt is displayed .12 V Clip cable.back connector is good -LRB- Important -RRB- . fuse Exchange is easy -LSB- Power Bright PW1100-12 Power Inverter 1100 Watt 12 Volt DC To 110 Volt AC -RSB- good Inverter !!
 The shipping was incredibly fast , ordered on a thursday and got it on monday during a hurricane and it was free . Only used the product as a test run for a tailgate but works as advertised . Will update after the tailgate .
 I bought this to handle several AC devices at one time and it has never let me down.PROS : - durable construction - quiet = fan only comes on when unit gets warm after initial power up - LED display of watts being used or battery volts remaining . Very cool.CONS : - power cables from battery clamps to unit are stiff and brittle . You can buy upgraded `` ultra flexible '' ones but IMHO they should ship with that.Get this ... you wo n't be sorry : - -RRB-
 We use this inverter in a storm shelter here in West Texas . It is connected to a automotive battery . Have a Battery Tender on the battery to keep it charged . In a tornado the inverter will provide power to the shelter for TV , radio , lights and a fan . Tests of the system have been perfect . The inverter has good connections for plugging it in and for clamping it to the battery . Like the front display showing stats .
 I really should n't complain . I mean with the cost of this thing its hard to be unhappy . The product works . I am sucking 1100w peak at startup and 880-900w @ 10.8-11v continuous . My big issue is @ 75f the inverter shuts down after 6 1/2 minutes . I thought maybe the batteries i have may be faulty , but no , they still pass load tests after shutdown . Problem is , if the inverter is used anywhere near continuous rating , it gets super hot and shuts down . I can let it cool a few minutes and it works again , but only after flipping the switch on and off . The green light comes back on and the thing stops beeping and flashing its red light but wont power the load until the unit is turned off , then back on . This will be annoying at best . I have 350Ah of battery capacity because i need to use my vacuum for 30-45 minutes , @ 80A draw . Now i will have to periodically wait for the inverter to shut down every 6-7 minutes and find something productive to do . Also , the inverter is VERY light . I knew i had a problem as soon as i took it out of the box.So , case in point ; If you need this to run high wattage load for very short periods of time it appears to be the best value inverter in this wattage range . But , if you need to use it to make money like me , it will more then likely lead to some embarrassing outbursts and wasted productivity . I will be re purposing this inverter for another project and replacing it with a commercial unit like i should have purchased in the first place . `` You get what you pay for '' - once again my grandmothers infinite wisdom lives on .
 I installed this in my travel trailer to run a tv/dvd , small microwave and computers . it works great , it dont get hot or make any weird noises and its pretty well built . I was a little worried about a converter because I 've heard horror stories about them catching fire , but after having this one run for a while with no issues , no worries . i recommend this converter
 Nice inverter except the input power terminals are too close together.Trying to use large cables is a bit scary in a vehicle where vibration may loosen the cable terminals.It would be very easy for the cables to short out . I guess some shrink wrap wouldwork ? But still an accident waiting to happen . I 'm looking for ideas . A design flaw IMHO . The class T fuses are expensive even on amazon - 16 bucks . And a replacement fuse at a retail store would be 30 bucks . There 's also the possibilitythat the fuse wo n't blow .
 I use this inverter with an 80 watt panel , 2 trojan batteries and a charge controller , way out in the boonies . I am powering a 3 way light , a sound system , and a dish satellite television system.The Power Bright PW1100 inverter has worked flawlessly , and to date , the fan has not needed to come on , which is very nice . No problems .
 It 's a pretty decent inverter , for the cost.It has some pretty nice features.The LED display tells you what voltage , or wattage you are pulling off the battery.The fuses are on the outside of the unit , so in case you should blow a fuse , you dont have to pull the unit apart.The power leads that are supplied are really nice , they have the strong clamps on the ends , similar to jumper cable clamps.It is also nice to have the on/off switch on the same side as the outlets.We have a VW vanagon , and have it mounted behind the driver 's seat , on a cabinet , so its easy to turn on or off.The casing seems a little bit flimsy , but as long as your not tossing it around , it shouldnt be a big deal.For an import product , they have a great website to go to for support . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This seems to be a great product so far . Used it several times now , to make coffee and inflate my air bed while camping . My coffee pot draws about 800w so its more than big enough being 1100w . Just make sure you have a deep cycle battery as the stock battery in my truck does not have enough amps to run an 800w load without having the truck on . Price was great and amazon is always a great place to buy . Customer service is good too if you ever need it .
 This replaces an older 1000 watt inverter that went bad and what an improvement it is . While the old inverter had a loud fan that ran quite often and , this unit only runs the fan when it gets hot . It also has very low standby power draw on the batteries when the unit is on with no 110vac loads running.In summary , a nicely built product with digital displays , low power consumption and very quiet . Very happy with it .
 I was trying to run a small 1.7 cut fridge for my pop up trailer which is rated at 3.7 amps , which is about 450 watts , but it could n't sustain the surge current long enough to start the compressor . I see many people complaining about how this wo n't live up to the advertised surge rating , but it probably does ... just not long enough to start a hard starting appliance , like a fridge , AC or power saw . Also the gauge works fine , it samples the power / voltage about 3 times a second , which is typical.Other than that it worked fine and as advertised.I was a little disappointed about it being a modified sine wave output she the amazon description did not include that little nugget of info . MSW is like alternating DC , not a true sine wave and is kinda like dirty power in that it wo n't run at the same levels , could actually hear the difference in my fan speed .
 I used this during a power outage to run the TV with DVD player and a lamp and it worked great , gave a voltage readout , so you knew how much time was left , it was better than having the generator running all day . The purchase from Amazon went well also , getting it year the next day when all the stores were out of them
 I would think an 1100W inverter with a 2200W surge would run a 900 Watt small microwave . It does not . It shuts down almost immediately , even though I added much heavier cables . Kind of disappointed , but for the cheap price , its still okay.edit : I did an online search , and found a suggestion to run a small load on the inverter before turning on microwave . Somehow this small load keeps the inverter from shutting down . Sorry , forgot the complete explanation , but it worked for me . My 1100W inverter now powers my microwave as long as I remember to add a small load to the inverter before using the m/w .
 I get approx half the rated watts using a deep cycle marine battery and testing with hair dryer . I double checked with ammeter , and got the same results . At 700W it only ran for 5 seconds . All others I have tried never reach rated power so this unit is actually better than others I have tried.May need 2 car batteries to run Fridge - not sure
 Works like a charm . It does what it says and I have had no issues so far . Works great with my solar panel .
 I really like this power supply . We use it in our camper to watch tv an dwe do n't have to use the generator .
 I bought first for the price . But I 'm sold on the technology , digital read out and the cooling fan only comes on when needed , other brands the fan runs constant . This one is good for small solar connections to your home .
 The product arrived as stated and in new packaging . It has been a good product . I would highly recommend this product .
 I use this on all metals including jewerly , Does not scratch the finishedsurface . easy to clean up . and it works well on firearms for cleaning up thefeed ramp and chamber area
 This is exactly what I needed . I tried a few big box stores but they did not have and could not even tell me where to purchase . I obtain from Amazon and receive prompt delivery at a fair price . How much more could you ask for .
 I needed new screw inserts / backers since the other ones were old and stripped and saw amazon carried this . I figure why not purchase these from here since I was ordering anyways . In the end they were just as shown and worked fine ... plus I did n't have to go out to a auto store and pay a higher price like most would sell these ! It was a double win in my eyes ! You never know what they carry on here so I know I 'll be checking around for other random products I need anytime I order from now on .
 I ordered these for my '04 Toyota as I was due for new replacement license plates.I live in WA and there is a 7-year rule that you have to replace your plates . I looked at my original screws which were installed many years ago and realized they were rusted out.I found these and even though they are ` white ' vs. the black that came with my car . . They fit perfectly and look way better than the old rusted out screws .
 This was perfect for my Girlfriend 's MacBook Pro -LRB- 13 '' -RRB- as she is a fan of tweety . I did not want any of those skins for laptops as it will cover the whole surface and the mac was too beautiful for that . So i got her this one and it looks like it was etched on the surface . pretty cool !
 Just what my car needed ! Every Tweety fan -LRB- with a vehicle -RRB- MUST HAVE !
 very easy to install , worked great . best if used with LED lights like most lights it may get hot if used with regular bulbs .
 On time love these lights ! Great product . Used doubles before and they fit very well . They really take tje place of the very old ones well .
 Great product ... well designed ... functions as advertised . Fits all the way to 2005 ZR2 BLAZER with the snipping of one tab on the lower shroud ! Could use more installation tips in the instruction manual -LRB- i.e. - where to find low amp . keyed circuit -RRB- .
 Pros
 Product is exactly as described ! Received item before ETA !! Installed part on my 94 ' Honda Accord LX . Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with this purchase .
 fit my car ok , the mat is so so quality looks pretty good and covers up some of the cracks on the dash .
 I love this product , plenty of Velcro to fasten the pad down , wife loves it that 's all that matters , Definetly recommend it .
 this is great i have a 2001 pt cruiser and dash was all dry rotted and cracked i glued it together with what part i could find and then put cover over and it fits greay still hear radio fine ! i recommend anyone that need dasd cover to purchace from dashmat ! thank you Dan
 Why do people think chain guards are optional ? The chain guard keeps the gunk off your bike . I like my chain guard and I bought it used here . W00t .
 Great product , exact fit , tip , leave all bottom hoses on the radiator side , when you pull it out , remove hoses and put on mew radiator , then slide new radiator back in and reconnect hoses , I have done a few of these , had it in and out in less than an hour .
 This item arrived quickly in excellent condition . It went in perfectly . However , one of the bolts was not tightened completely at the factory . Fortunately , the next day I noticed fluid under my car -LRB- again ! -RRB- . Thinking the radiator was leaking , I lifted the hood to check . Long story short , discovered the loose bolt . Thankful that was the only issue !
 I am happy with the radiator . It fits perfectly and not a single leak . The mechanic charged $ 100 for labor and the coolant . For $ 175 I got a brand new radiator installed in my 2001 Camry . That 's a good deal . It was shipped free of charge and arrived in two days . It was so convenient . Thanks Amazon !
 Part came in right on time , Just as it stated , also it was an exact fit on 00 Camry didnt have to bend are alter anything . It was easy to install took about 1 hour , If you want to re-use your anitfreez then remove the skid plate , its 10 10mm bolts that hold it on , remove and place container under and loosen the drain valve it will save you the cost of replacing anitfreez which will not wear out unless it gets oil in it . if you dont want to save antifreez , you dont have to remove skid plate but it makes a real big mess .
 As Tom mentioned in his review , remove the hoses from the engine end of the hose and leave them attached to the radiator before you pull it out . Pull the old radiator out , swap the hoses over to the new radiator -LRB- make sure you put the bottom radiator hose on in the same orientation -RRB- , put the new radiator in , connect hoses . Simple.My only complaint with this radiator is that the holes that bolt the cooling fan to the radiator did not match up exactly . A little bending force applied to the cooling fan mounting arms did the trick . Not sure if it was the radiator 's fault or the cooling fan 's fault ; both cooling fans had to have their mounting arms bent slightly . Not a big deal .
 It was simplicity to install , and works very nicely . It does waste a fair bit of energy getting hot . I may still decide to go with LEDs for that reason , but as a straightforward replacement for my old camper lights , this is fine .
 Exact fit and works well , easy to install/replace , fast shipping . Item as described and highly recommend . Less cost than Ebay and nicer replacement .
 Put this in my rv to replace an older light that came with the unit from 1978 . Excellent light output , easy as pie to hook up.Ill definitly buy more .
 It fit on my 09 Toyota Tacoma truck and does n't need a wheel spacer anymore ... because it does n't rub or touch the caliper . but i never install yet at this time ...
 Big nice knobs on these tires . Pic does not do these rear tires justice . Walls seem stronger than other quad tires .
 Not much to say about these pumps . I installed these on my '91 560 MB W126 .039 , with the M117 .986 V8 . Make a note that the late V8 cars require two pumps and the I6 gas cars utilize one . Probably something to do with the update of the CIS system around the '86 MY . Be sure to install a new filter while in there and inspect the supply as well as the return lines to the the tank . All are fairly reasonable considering the cost of the vehicle when new . New crush washers are obvious.Anyway , best price around by far plus they qualified for free shipping ... what more do you want?If your pumps are noisy or have seized due to the car sitting , these are the ticket . Do not take the chance with used parts or inferior aftermarket crap out there currently.Hope it helps ...
 Had an issue that the engine power would go down and not accelerate . Once I replaced my malfunctioning pumps , my 190e has been running great .
 I only installed this in my 1997 K1500 Suburban a few days ago , but it was an easy swap that eliminated my problems at a fraction of the cost of an OEM distributor . If it lasts , it will have been a real bargain .
 Make sure yours comes with a cap . Mine was missing . It was a great price and easy to install so I 'm very pleased .
 I recommend this system to anyone that needs different tow balls . I have used these for years and have no problems ... quite the opposite . It makes it easy to change from one size to another in seconds
 I have owned the reese interchangable ball kit for over 30 years . I ' v never had it fail me no matter the size of the load I was pulling . I would recomend the reese ball kit over all other trailer hitches .
 I bought this so I would only have one hitch too cary cary around in my truck and it works great . The sizes are easy to change for what ever trailer you want to pull . I probobly wouldnt use this if I pulled trailers on a daily basis but the 5 to 10 times a year when ever the need arises I think its a great product and would recomend it .
 There were some minor errors in the installation instructions , plus running the wiring in the newer pickups is a pain , but it does work great . One thing , on my Ranger I had to readjust the latch rods to make sure it blocked the latch before they pulled far enough to let the tailgate open . A slotted hole for the mounting bolt would be a big improvement
 Perfect fit for my 1976 Mercedes 280E . Pump was really quiet and price was half of what Mercedes dealer wanted .
 Just right for your Honda Accord . Priced much less than dealership parts department . Be smart and buy here !!
 First off , a disclaimer
 I agree with the other review about this product . Its very basic and easy to install with the help of someone else , the probe that come 's with the kit does not really work very well so I scrapt that part . I didnt buy the adjusment switch like this other person , what I did was very basic as well . I hooked it up to an on/off led switch so when i 'm driving or not driving I 'm able to turn it off and on , but only at one speed , to me it works very nicley!My reasons for buying this product if very simple and worked after the end of the install .1 -RRB- runs quiet2 -RRB- dos n't sound like a plan taking off when I high RPM3 -RRB- a lil better MPG , not a lot but there 's a differenceSo if your reason 's match this then you should deff buy this product !
 I installed this on my 1998 Toyota Tacoma Prerunner with a 2.7 L I was getting 17.1 mpg before and was shy of power , so this was a great choice for me to be able to free up the 5hp or so that the fan clutch uses . I have tried many things to give me the extra power and better gas mileage out of this truck . I have already installed new o2 sensors , tps , complete tune up , synthetic mobile 1 oil , high flow cat , headers , cleaned out throttle body and intake plenum , adjusted valves , updated computer software from Toyota and matched flow fuel injectors . All this and 17.1 mpg was my average.Now this fan was my last choice and should have been my first choice with a 3 mpg gain and a little power that is freed up this is awesome . Yes it doesnt have the 2 speed controller but heck it only runs when you are at idle for a long period of time . It was an easy install and now that I know this works I will be putting one on my TrailBlazer . Just in gas mileage increase this will pay for itself in 6 months . Not bad return on investment . All of my driving is based on city driving mostly within a 5 mile radius . I hope this helps others who are trying to up there performance and mileage .
 I was having AC problems , AC shop suggested I get the compressor , dryer and all that replaced , cost roughly $ 800 . Luckily for me , I have the internet and I know how to use it . After much research turns out I needed this tool for a very , very simple fix , and it worked like a charm .
 Bearing was just as described and was a easy install . Took care of the rumble in the front end . Great Price for a quality bearing .
 Great service and product . OEM fit , very fast shipping , USA manufactured -- all good ! Included anti-lock brake sensor and hub studs .
 First I must say this is not my first purchase of parts for my 2001 Suburban from Amazon and it wo n't be the last . I read a number of reviews about this product and the ease of installation and was not disappointed . It took me approximately 1hr to replace both Hub assemblies -LRB- both sides -RRB- . They went in very easy and saved me a ton of money . It amazes me how much the auto repair places charge as this would be a simple thing for them to do . Do yourself a favor and do the work yourself if you are so inclined ... : -RRB-
 I had a kind of grinding sound coming from my right front wheel hub on my 2003 Chevy Avalanche 1500 , and after doing a search on line for a Chevy forum that convinced me it was a front wheel hub . In the forum they even provided a link to Amazon -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and the part and price for me to buy . I chose the Timken hub assemble because I used Timken wheel bearings before and they are a great name in bearings and the price was great . Amazon does offer other manufactures and prices to choose from.I did purchase it on line from Amazon and it arrived in a few days as promised.I got my tools ready and had a hard time removing the frozen rusting bolts that hold the brake caliper bracket but the rest was easy.The timken hub assemble was easy to put on and now the trucks drives like new again.Now I need to buy one to do the left front side , but that will be a piece of cake now that I know what to expect and where to get the part at the best price possible.Thank you Chevy Avalanche Forum for the info and link and thank you Amazon for the great price and fast delivery.One happy customer , B. Chichi
 PERFECT FIT AND VERY NICE QUALITY FOR MY 02 2WD SILVERADO ... EVEN THE ABS LINE HAD THE RIGHT ANCHORS/PLUG ON THEM TO FIT PERFECTLY ... SWEET !!!! RUMBLE GONE AND SMOOTH AS SILK ... EASY INSTALL ... SAVED $ 50 + PER HUB OVER ANYWHERE ELSE
 I never considered buy car parts through Amazon , but was very pleased with my purchase . This product worked very well .
 Excellent ! At about 60 % price as in an auto store for the same thing , you can not beat it.Timken is good stuff too .
 The Timken bearing assembly fit perfectly and resolved a nasty vibration and bad braking situation in my pick up . It is really nice to see you can still purchase American made parts of high quality .
 I am very pleased with this product ! The price was incredibly good . Because these are American made Timken products , it goes without saying that this is a top-notch product . I have been working on top of the line fighter jets & business jets for 34 years , and have never had anything with the name Timpken fail , even when they are used in less than ideal conditions . These bearing hub assemblies are much higher quality than the parts that came as original equipment on my Chevy Silverado .
 Bought from amazon . No problems . This is my fourth hub bearing on my 01 silverado -LRB- 2nd replacement set - 309,000 miles -RRB- . I 've not had one yet that comes off without some convincing . The technique that works for me is a tree splitting wedge . I was replacing the rotors this time , so I put one of the old ones back on with a few lug nuts . Drive the tree wedge between the rotor and the frame . Once I got the 3 bolts off the hub , it only took a couple minutes to drive the wedge through to free the hub . Easiest method I 've found so far . It will trash the rotor though . I 'm sure you could substitute something for the rotor , but the wedging method works for me .
 Part arrived on time as scheduled . Perfect match , perfect fit , and I saved quite a bit of money . Does n't get any better than that . I will look to Amazon anytime I need to purchase anything . Took 1 hour to install .
 Just recieved and installed these hubs on my 2006 Sierra 1500 ... Upon first take these things are likejewels . Nice and shiny with a smooth rotation . The Hub as a whole looks first class with the properwiring attached and the necessary mounting tabs included , which adds to the ease of installation . It 's a simple switch out from the old to the new and my truck is riding and steering better . It 's amazing howyou get used to a certain feel of things and then something new lets you see or `` feel '' what it should be like .
 I had a flat tire on the front of my truck . When I stopped at the tire store to have it fixed , the mechanic discovered that my wheel bearings on the left side were worn out . He recommended replacing both sides at the same time , and said the other side would soon go out anyway , so I might as well replace both . This was the day before Thanksgiving and almost closing time for the tire store , so they could not get the part and install it at that time . I had to wait until after the holiday to have the bearings replaced , so I price shopped in the mean time . I found that Amazon 's price for the Timken was drastically lower than the local auto parts stores , so I ordered them on line . They arrived within about two days . I hired a mechanic to install them , and they let me watch them do it . I now know I could have done it myself . I had never installed one before . It appeared to be straight forward and fairly simple installation . The hardest part was removing to old bearing assemblies . These Timkens are very quiet and smooth . They are made in the USA , which is a big plus for me , I want to know that I am helping support American jobs .
 My truck had odd problems braking on corners or going downhill due to the bearing being out of whack . I bought this one for my 2001 Chevy Silverado 1500 with the 5.3 L engine and it fits great . I 've been using it for about a month now and no problems so far .
 These stickers are pretty cool , I put one on my trucks glove box and the other on my tool box . Both are still in great shape and have no signs of deterioration .
 I have a 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee . The electric cooling fan has quit working numerous times due to poor design . The relay and the fan motor themselves have both been weak points . The cost has been over $ 100 each repair with no true fix . I changed to this item and attending pieces to provide a final fix . After wrestling with the fan shroud , and adding another spacer and the fan , these three pieces have satisfactorily provided a permanent fix . Been in operation almost a year , now . Working great through warm as well as cold months . I 'll not be going back to the electric fan !
 Nice spacer , came on time and well packaged , and does its job at spacing the fan as it should . Functional .
 This adapter is high machine quality . It is a perfect fit on my 2001 Jeep Wrangler 4.0 L engine . I did have to go to the local hardware store to pick up 2 1/2 '' 5/16 '' / 24 bolts to install the flex fan and 2 inch spacer because the spacer came with course thread 5/16 '' / 18 bolts
 This tool is extremely handy and easy to install . It made it easy to fine tune fuel pressure on GM TBI systems
 This hitch seems to be well made and the balls can be interchanged quickly and easily . I use a screwdriver , but anything that fits the slot -LRB- dime ? -RRB- should work.I gave it 4-stars because I have two reservations :1 -RRB- As previously mentioned , it 's only rated for 8000lbs -- not 10,000 lbs as the Amazon description says ; and ,2 -RRB- Since the ball comes off so easily with a slight twist of the top-center button ; I ca n't help wondering if you were pulling a tail-heavy trailer that exerted a lifting force on the ball -- if the ball -LRB- and hence the trailer -RRB- might disconnect itself and cause a calamity.I 'm using this on a tractor to move several trailers around my yard ; so the interchangeability of the balls is very handy . However , I 'd hesitate to use it on my truck out on the road , due to my concern about the ball inadvertently coming off . It may not be a problem , but I 'd be more comfortable with the type that has a pin for road use .
 Ease of changing ball size makes this a valuable tool . One suggestion for users is to put white lithium grease -LRB- available at most auto parts and hardware stores -RRB- on the retainers . This will make changing ball sizes much easier .
 I purchased this hitch because it provides tool-free ball changes for all three sizes -LRB- 1.875 '' , 2 '' and 2.3125 '' -RRB- and with the exception of the removable balls there are no parts that can be lost -LRB- pins -RRB- . What I failed to anticipate was the aesthetic appeal of this hitch . Its simple and functional design is elegant . Its clean machined lines are beautiful . Only down side
 Quality was good . The interchangeable ball hitch has been a blessing . Has allowed me to get the job done regardless what size of ball I needed without alot of searching for the right one !!!!!!
 I bought this as a gift for someone else . He has been very happy with it . I would recommend it to anyone who needs one .
 I have carried one of these in my truck for years and have always been ready when a different size ball was needed . Unfortunately I lost my 2 &#34; ball last year . Thankfully , I found this one and decided to buy the whole set again because the price was so good . This is by far the best inter-changable ball set I have ever used .
 This product is as advertised . It gives you a lot of versitility in that you can carry just one insert/pole and the three balls . It will handle almost any trailer that an average person will own or rent.I highly recommend it .
 Admittedly I have not actually towed a trailer with this ... but it went together perfectly and I have no reason to think it will not perform just fine when I need it to . For a quality item with a well-known brand name attached , it 's an outstanding buy , and I 'm VERY pleased to have found it .
 I always wanted a set of these and this was a good value . Keep 'm greased , they do rust . You do need a quarter or a screwdriver to turn the lock .
 Like many people I am disappointed that the ball is only rated for 8,000 lbs . However , I was aware of this before my purchase . I like that the balls can swivel , but do n't care for the way they change . Sometimes you need a coin to be able to release or lock the ball , it would be nice if it were tool-free . This is the second set that I bought , so I would definitely recommend this to a friend .
 At last a hitch that is worthy . . Easy and quick to change to diffrent size . Best of all the ball actually pivots on the shaft making all your turns quiet and smooth . Your ball wo n't get scratched and rusted the first time you back your boat down into the water . .
 We have several different trailers -LRB- boat , jetskis , snowmobiles , etc -RRB- and I used to get so tired of having to get the pipe wrenches out to switch balls or having to have two or 3 stingers with different balls mounted on them just to have the right one when you need it.I 've seen many other multi-ball hitch systems , but this clever product works great , is well-built , all at a great price ! Switching the balls is easy , and the unit is very tough and strong . One suggestion , when not in use it 's a good idea to stow it inside your truck and/or keep it well lubricated . We live in Oregon -LRB- can you say RAIN ... -RRB- , and I left it on mounted on our truck last winter while we were down in Mexico . When we came back in the Spring , the push-button detent used to switch the balls was a little stiff as some corrosion had formed , but a quick couple of sprays with WD-40 took care of it and it works great once again.This is a great product -- wish we 'd bought one years ago !!!
 Some other reviewer complained that the max tow was only 8000 lbs , when he expected 10,000 . Here 's the thing -- if anyone 's trying to tow upwards of 8000 lbs , you need a class IV hitch which requires a bigger ball shaft and is designed for higher tongue weights . I 've seen too many unsafe trailer setups on my travels , so buy what you need and do n't try to overload the design . That being said , this set is fine for me as I frequently need to change ball sizes for different loads . I could n't find the 3 ball set anywhere locally , so Amazon was a good choice . The only thing preventing a 4-star rating is the `` made in China '' label . I 'm just fed up with nearly everything we buy being made offshore . It looks well made , however , and should last a good long time .
 This interchangeable ball system offers a lot of convenience for folks who need to deal with a variety of towing situations where the ball size changes . That was my intention in buying it ... to provide that utility with a 3-Point hitch attachement for my utility tractor so that the ball was always centered on the attachement while I moved my trailers around on the property . -LRB- the OEM method for my attachment was multiple balls in different holes which affects balance since none were centered -RRB- My utility trailer uses a 2 '' ball , my horse trailer uses a 2 5/16 '' ball and a friend 's log splitter uses a 1 7/8 '' ball . Unfortunately , the mounting holes in my 3-Pt hitch attachement are too small for this system 's shank size , so I had to return the item . That said , I was impressed with the quality and would certainly recommend it for folks to consider should they want a reasonably priced interchangeable ball system .
 nice set up easy to use would recommend came quicker than expected smart thinking for interchangable hitch ball was put to use the day it came
 The new system that allows you to switch ball sizes works really well . Much easier that the old pin system .
 This is one cool item ! The balls change out effortlessly , and swivel so the tongue does n't bind . Looks great , works better !!! The days of switching out the entire ball assembly are gone . I can now do it in literally seconds !
 Have new tractor needed a quick easy inexpensive way to move trailers around property and this is exactly what the doctor ordered , easy install quick to move from one size to another size . Great set up .
 I wanted an all in one solution for my adjustable drop trailer hitch . Tow any size ball at any height . This plus a adjustable drop hitch did it for me . Yes it 's rated for only 8,000 lbs and not 10,000 lbs . But really ? Most people only have class III hitches anyway , and most drop hitches are only rated at like 5000lbs . Even if you have a Class IV or V hitch , if you need a 10,000 pound ball , you are towing one big trailer my friend . Anyway , I love this set up . Now I can carry one hitch in the truck and not deal with the two I did have to carry for both of my trailers . Plus it got to my house in 2 days . That 's fast .
 I carry a couple of different trailers so to have this product for easy switches between ball sizes is great . It works fast .
 I 've got four different size trailers that require the three sizes of ball hitces , two have 2 '' , one has 2 5/16 '' , and one has 1 7/8 '' , plus they all have different ground clearance heights . My solution was this Interchangable Ball Kit and the Reese Adjustable Ball Mount receiver . Keep 's the trailers level to the groung and can change ball sizes as needed in seconds .
 This is the second one of these that I have had . I am in construction and pull trailers every day . This makes it simple to switch from one size to another and holds up well .
 Appears very well made . Easy to use by twisting a button on top with a coin or screwdriver . This will be very handy .
 I just love my butterfly ! Get slot of compliments on it . Everyone that knows me knows it 's my vehicle because of this butterfly lol , thnks
 This Product would have been better if i would have checked my car first . I realized after i bought this that my car does not have an antenna . other than this tiny overlook from my behalf this product is great .
 The item is just what I order cute and got it of course when they told me I would been ordering from amazon for years I get everything from here
 I really like what I got !!! Is exactly what I send for ... and it arrive earlier than what I expected . I wish this product had more variation in colors ...
 When I located this simple little , light weight butterfly to put on my antenna I just knew that I better get more than one , as it would n't last long!Well , to my GREAT surprise I am soooooooo happy that I purchased this cute lil ' butterfly as it has been on my vehicle now for several years and still keeps `` hanging '' in there!Thanks , May Hughartmhughart@carolina.rr.com
 This was a great stocking stuffer gift ! It was cute , reasonably priced and shipped quickly ... great job by this seller !
 The first time I buy these pads was 4 years ago . They leave little dust on my rims and are mainly noiseless . I was so pleased with the last set I purchased that I came here to Amazon.com to get a new set since they have been discontinued at Advance Auto Parts .
 Very customer focused company and responsive to customer questions . Had a small problem that was resolved very quickly by their customer service department ...
 This jacket is a heavy weight leather apparel and I like the higher snap neck that helps keep out the cold wind . I can wear sweaters underneath it and still be able to move freely . I wear a large jacket in any other size of jacket . I would like the zipper to be a little more substantial feeling though but so far it has n't failed yet .
 For the 30 something dollars this jacket costs , it must have cost as much to make . The large jacket would probably fit anyone from 5 ' 10 '' - 6 ' 2 '' pretty well . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' , and 180 lbs . The jacket fits me very well , but there are side adjustments to tighten if necessary , and there 's still a lot of room left for someone much larger . If I had to guess though I 'd say 6 ' 2 '' - 220 lbs could still probably use the large . ? . ? . The zippers are strong , -LRB- though at times require a prefect line to zip them -RRB- . As mentioned by many previous reviewers , the lame patches are easily removed by cutting the stitching with no `` obvious '' signs of their existence . I had the whole job completed in less than 30 minutes , -LRB- which was worth the money saved -RRB- . It 's not the perfect riding jacket as it 's missing ventilation zippers , the stitching has loosened in a couple of places , -LRB- though minor -RRB- . It is however , heavy duty , decent liner , and looks great , -LRB- without the patches of course -RRB- . It would have been a deal at $ 99 - for sure.In short if you 're actually considering buying a jacket at this price , you 'll be very happy with it . If you 're not happy with it your price for value ratio is way off .
 I bought this because I needed a jacket for my bike , leather offers the best protection , and this is cheap leather . As soon as I got it , I took a razor blade to it and got rid of the silly patches . Then I wore it for a whole day in which I rolled around my dirty garage floor changing oil & filter on two cars and a motorcycle . After that , I dusted off some of the dirt and grease -LRB- but being careful to leave some on for `` authenticity '' -RRB- , and now I have a decent riding jacket . Not crazy about the zippered `` mini-pockets , '' though ... they are annoying .
 This Jacket was very nice for the price . Good quality and heavy weight . I thought the patches were ok but needed to show wear , they were too bright . I liked everything about this jacket except if you wear a large you need to order an extra large . I have a 42 '' chest which should be a large size but when I tried it on I could hardly zip it up . To get an XL the cost double so I just returned the jacket . I would have paid some more for the XL but not twice .
 This is a great coat once you get the patches off . There are a bunch of fairly rediculous patches on the back -LRB- to make you a &#34; real motorcycle tough guy &#34; I 'm sure ... -RRB- but about 5 min with a seam ripper gets rid of them . The coats size somewhat large , so , if you usually wear a large , go for a medium -LRB- I can get fat and still comfortably wear this coat ... -RRB- . I also replaced the cheap leather &#34; lace &#34; on the sides , but that 's a personal preference .
 I have owned custom made leathers in the past , if someone is well off then spendthe extra money and buy custom not off the rack made leather coats and then complainabout what you get if you buy on sale . These coats will last many years if takencare of . Like I said I have owned the best leathers money can buy , this coat is well worththe price , yes the patches are all over the coat but so what I cut mine off .
 I do like this jacket . I needed something bigger than the jacket I had for riding my motorcycle . The patches do n't bother me but some might find them a bit cheezy .
 This was a christmas gift for my husband , he LOVED IT , love the quality and the price I paid for it , I recommend it!It wo n't disappoint you .
 The jacket is as described and shown on the site . It seems a bit on the heavy side . Overall , okay for bike use .
 My son wanted a leather coat for Christmas . I found this one and the price was within my reach . My son loves his jacket . It is `` cool '' he states . It was well worth the price and his happiness .
 WAS DELIVERED ON TIME , , , , NICE LEATHER , , I LIKE IT , , GOOD JACKET FOR CHEEP MONEY , , , I SAY YES TO BUY IT IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT IT
 My husband likes this jacket really well . It fits him well , he looks great in it , and he has received a lot of compliments on it .
 Good value for the price . I took off some of the patches as am more of a car guy than a motorcycle person
 I love the fit of this Leather Jacket , it is the best fitting jacket i have for the price . Love the patch 's on it , as well as others comment too about them as well as i did too when i got it . Love it
 I inadvertently ordered the wrong size but it fits my son quite well and is a very serviceable jacket especially for the price .
 awsomr jacket been on a late season ride in ny with it kept me bice and warm has held up to my son and my 3 dogs and not a single problem
 I have many motor cycle jackets and at least one that cost ten times the price of this one and it has the Motor Company advertisement all over it . So I added a couple of the motor company patches to this one to set it off . Amazon.com did a great job as usual on getting this jacket to me on a timely bases . The sleves are a little tight but over all the fit is fine . You would be hard to find a leather M/C jacket any where at this price . Good job .
 If you do n't like it cause it 's cheesy or has to many patches just remove the patches for under 50 dollars a real leather jacket as warm and protective as this is a steal.plus it 's a motorcycle jacket so only buy it if your into bikes.I my self love the rich smell of processed leather . Take care of the hanging loop though . It 's not stitched to the leather but the nylon interior so it came off when I lifted it out of the bag it came in .
 This part is a excelent piece of engeniery , SATISFIED all the pourpouses what i need for my vehicle . I hope that last forever ...
 I used a drop of clear silicone inside each cap to hold it in place . You can get a toothpaste sized tube of GE silicone at any hardware store for about $ 4 . Now there is no chance the caps will fall off .
 I was able to extend connection to my battery to the vehicle rear using these heavy-duty jumper cables , thanks to the generous insulation jacket with four-gauge conductors !
 The Heavy-Duty Auto Jumper Cables - 20-Ft Length - Heavy 4-Gauge Copper were a brithday gift for myson-in-law and he really liked them . Thank for the fast delivery . Mike
 Bought this for my brother for Christmas . He loves it and appreciated the carrying case too . Have n't had an opportunity to use them yet though .
 it worked ! just your basic jumper cables nothing facny prob wont last forever but nothing does . i was satisfied with it . i need to write 18 words !
 I 'm liking this set of jumper cables . The 20 ' length makes it easy to jump the vehicle needing help , without trying to turn around on the shoulder of the freeway , or some other , potentially unsafe , maneuver . Shielded clamps help avoid mishaps . Heavy gauge wire gets the voltage moving . I did n't downgrade for this , but the zipper on the bag that came with the cables failed the first time I used these cables and put them back in the bag . I may purchase one of the &#34; Bucket Boss &#34; versions that I have seen , as storing these in a bag is a good idea for keeping things organized .
 These have a long cord to make it easy to reach between cars . It is well made and also came with a storage bag to keep them neat .
 Great buy and a great product.You just need to know they come with their own carring case/bag so you do n't need to buy an extra , as I did.KMM
 I ordered these cables because If you have a truck or other large engined vehicle and you need to jump start it , your cables are going to have to carry a good load and the resistance you get from using cables of a smaller gauge might not let your vehicle get the power it needs . When the cables came , they seemed beefy enough , but the clamps could be a little higher quality . I have yet to use them , but I feel they 'll work well for the occasional use.One thing that was a pleasant surprise was that they came in their own case - so do n't buy the other case that Amazon wants to bundle with these cables for another $ 12 .
 cables put together unlike others stated , less copper than normal 4gauge cables , more like 8 gauge with extra surround material . I soldered the copper to the clamps for enhanced reliability .
 I ordered these cables thinking they would be average but they exceeded my expectations , was very pleased . Will not hesitate to order from them again .
 These cable do the job when lighter and shorter cables do n't measure up . I was trying to jump my sons pick up with my lighter weight cables - it would not work . We tried these heavier duty cables , and it fired right up . Wish I would have bought them sooner . Excellent item for cold and snowy Minnesota winters .
 These wires are great ! The contactors are connected directly to the copper jaws . I had a pair that connected through the handle ; and after a little rust , they quit working . The cables are well worth the money !
 Fortunatelly did not need to use yet but it seems to be pretty massive , thick and long enough to start a minivan from the back .
 the product description was exactly as described , the quality is excellent and delivery was spot on . the product met my expectations and am looking forward doing business with the seller in future .
 As others have given their impression , i do not feel this is 4-Gauge standard based on weight and diameter.I also do not feel this is heavy duty ; the cables were not molded together , and the rubber jacket is not the stoutest protection.But for the price , these are not bad cables in the least , and better than what most local stores carry that are shorter . Just be aware of the manufacturers embellishment ...
 I have not needed to use these as yet , but they seem sturdy and a good buy .
 I was surprised to see 20ft cables for this price . I knew at the time they would n't be all that great , but my older 's car battery went dead so I took out the truck and jump-started the older car with these jumper cables and I had no problem , first crank and it started . I highly recommend this cables if you are not doing any heavy work and just need something simple to work with .
 This winter has been tough , had to use the cables once . They worked great , no issues . Glad I had them .
 Best price for a 20ft cable . It worked very well to jump start my car . Would have liked rubberized grip though .
 Very nice product . The cables are an excellent length . There are very pliable in the cold . Solid clamps snap hard and tight . This is a good purchase .
 Excellent heavy duty jumper cables , as advertised . Very heavy duty clamps . Excellent buy for the money in my opinion . Would buy same again if I needed another 20 foot heavy duty jumper cable set .
 I strongly suggest that you buy a set for each car in the family . This is a great product and well constructed . My brother-in-Law , who is a mechanic uses the set I gave him for X'mas in his shop ... must be good .
 One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eightteen nineteen twenty
 Cable is long and work very well . The only I wish they provide bag for this product or some kind of case to store .
 Although I have not had to use the jumper cables yet , they appear to be as described and came in a carrying case which I had not expected - nice surprise !
 Excellent jumper cables for my son 's automobile needs . The length is right , colors adequate , cable connection secured to clamps.The only reason this product did not receive a five star was the image led me to believe the jaws where solid brass -LRB- similar to my old jumpers -RRB- but they are not.Still good quality though and my son appreciated the cables !
 Used these for the first time today on a friends car . His car was in a garage so getting to the hood was not easy . These cables were very easy to use in the cold and were plenty long enough to reach over his car . These do not take up much space when you wrap them back up . Over all great cables .
 I purchased these to keep in the trunk and it came with a nice carry bag.I connections to the clips are a bit thin but I did use it once so far for jumping and it worked without exploding.I has instructions on the use right there on the carrying bag which are clear and easy to understand.I would purchase it again.Kevin .
 It 's really great to use when unable to get close enough to boost another vehicle . The extra length makes it so much easier .
 I purchased these to compliment a set of Pulstar plugs , which create a spark equivalent to over ten times that of a normal spark plug . I was concerned I 'd have radio reception issues due to spark rejection , so I got this wire set after reviewing several manufacturers ' websites . The technology in this seemed the best for my situation and the pricing on Amazon was great.The wires were perfectly cut to the lengths needed and I 've not had a single problem in any form . The wires look and feel like they should last another 100,000 - 200,000 miles with no concern.You ca n't go wrong with these .
 Simple and good quality , that 's what this is . If you own a 2.0 liter MK3 this is the Strut-mount your car needs .
 This product is perfect for any 1998-2002 Honda Accord -LRB- 2D , 4D -RRB- . The cheapest upgrade for performance handling . I love it !!! I drive a 98 Accord V6 Coupe , and I now have a full performance suspension upgrade.Eibach Sway Bar -LRB- Front and Rear -RRB- Tanabe Sustec Pro S-0C -LRB- Full Coilover Suspension System -RRB- Cusco Under Body BraceNu Speed Strut BarRear Lower Tie Bar -LRB- No Brand -RRB- FYI ... If your car has a hollow knocking sound coming from the front at sparatic times , check the end linkage of the sway bar and the lower ball joint . Do n't forget when changing the lower ball joint , realignment is a must .
 very simple and pretty . i bought it on amazon because my local auto stuff store no longer carried it . i had this on my previous car and wanted to put it on my next car .
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 Amazon has the best price on these Awesome brake pads . I am very hard on brakes and I go through about 2 to 3 sets of front and 1 set of rear pads per year . I tried these on the front and they lasted about the same as the best other pads I have used - except they took a LOT more abuse . They are definitely an upgrade - giving stronger braking power without being grabby or harsh . During normal driving you hardly notice a difference , but if you need to stop fast , a little extra pressure on the pedal gives a lot of performance ! They resist fading more than any regular pad that I have ever used , and recover very fast when they do fade . I believe that everyone should use these pads on all their vehicles because they are about the same price as decent regular pads from the auto parts stores - provided you buy These from Amazon -LRB- check around , some places charge around $ 90/set where Amazon was around $ 40 for mine ! -RRB- , and the upgrade is very impressive , as well as safer ! Oh yeah , they also produce very little dust , which seems easier to remove than semi-metallic or metallic pads , AND mine never squealed after break-in period ! I have a set of rear pads waiting to go on and I ca n't wait to see how good my braking will be then ! Great Pads in all catagories !
 Just what our ATV needed , still going strong . We use on the ranch every day . Tire has held up nicely . Will buy again .
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 First rate product , extremely accurate and rugged . I would recommend the autometer gauges with a stepper motor for the movement . They are the most accurate and longest lasting in my opinion . I also got the light emmiting diode in blue to replace the standard bulb . I 'm very pleased with this gauge series .
 why pay over $ 100 at the dealers to change your oil when you can do it yourself in 20 min and for $ 40 less ? recycle the oil at a local auto store and it 's all good .
 Great prices . The correct filter and mfgr for this Ford engine . Using the correct filter is critical . Best prices around
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 This is a terrific set of wires . I used them on my 2001 Hyundai Accent along with the NGK plugs , and my car fires up immediately and idles quietly . I would n't use any other product on one of these foreign cars . Amazon is the cheapest you will find these wires as well . Most auto parts stores will sell them for well over fifty dollars , and it 's not an item they stock as a matter of course .
 I put these on at 55k when the factory leads started missfiring on my 99 Accent . They are thick and yet remain flexable . It has been about 45k miles and they are holding up very well . No radio noise , Gas mileage , and power did not change . They are holding up well , still flexable and no missfiring .
 I got mine several years back . This is a truly great wheel . The leather is soft , but smooth and wears well . The rubber under the leather is firm , but gives slightly - I ca n't stand the rubbery feel especially on GM cars - this is completely different , and well thought out . It comes with a horn button , and what can I say ... very nice wheel and well worth the cost . I believe that you should carefully select the tactile surfaces on your vehicle - a steering wheel and shift knob make all the difference in the world to the driving experience . They make a version of this with suede leather as well , but I ca n't imagine that it would stand up to daily use . This is one for your daily if you can do without the air bag.Two thumbs up .
 Installed on my 1966 Ford Mustang 200cui 6cyl . Install took about 15min and went on pretty hassle free . Idle rpm 's were immediately higher than normal , backed down the idle screw and back to normal . Car is easier to start and does n't foul out plugs like it used to . Idle to redline is much smoother and car just runs better overall . Best bang for the buck on getting away from using points .
 I installed this in an old 1980 Onan 45 kilowatt generator that has a 300ci Ford straight 6 engine . The generator is backup power for an FM radio station transmitter . The generator stopped running while powering the station during a power failure caused by an ice storm . The engine stopped because the ignition points were n't opening . I had to re-gap the points , but the station was off the air for about 2 hours . A month afterwards , I took out the points and installed this in about 30 minutes . All I had to do afterwards was check the timing . It works great . The engine is more stable now . The generator frequency varied about 0.3 Hz under load with the mechanical points -LRB- 59.7 to 60.3 Hz -RRB- . After installing the module , the frequency stayed within about 0.05 Hz -LRB- 59.95 to 60.05 Hz -RRB- . The engine even sounds smoother and more steady now . The instuctions say the primary winding of the ignition coil must be higher than 1.5 ohms . The coil on this engine was reading 3.8 ohms , so I did n't need to change it . I also bought a different Pertronix Ignitor for a generator with a 460ci Ford V8 and had similar results . That was 5 years ago , and it still works fine .
 http://www.amazon.com/review/create-review/ref=cm_cr_dp_wrt_summary?ie=UTF8&asin;=B000N2WAMQ&channel;=detail-glance&nodeID;=15684181&store;=automotiveIt took less than 10 minutes to install in my 1966 mustang . It works great i only wish i had done it along time ago . No more points and condenser .
 I put Pertronix in all my classic cars . It 's not worth the hassle of points when this is so easy AND reliable .
 The title says it all . I bought this system to put in my I6 '65 Mustang . I 've been running it for over a year now and I have had ZERO issues . The installation is on the order of 10-15 minutes , maybe twice that for an inexperienced mechanic . Be aware that you will likely have to set the timing on your car after the installation as mine changed considerably following the change-out . Definitely worth the money .
 Bought this fender bib to go on my 2006 HD Street Glide ... love it ! It really looks great with the Mustang seat that I already have on it . Definately would recommend this one !!
 Easy to use and does the job . Good design and I have had excellent use so far !
 mY BOAT IS IN STORAGE SO I WONT BE ABLE TO TRY IT TIL SPRING.i HOPE IT FITS ON MY ETEC 115HP .
 accurate description , quick delivery , good price , what else?I am really satisfied of my purchase . No negative remarks . I suggest .
 Does a good job , a bit bouncy , but nice soft ride ...
 I had recently purchaced a truck and , was doing research on seat covers ... I heard good things about Coverkings quality ... so , I took a chance . After a couple of weeks , I was notified that my seatcovers had shipped ... there was no tracking available ... about a week later , another email ... this time , they were double checking if I had ordered the correct covers ... -LRB- My toyota did have a few seat options -RRB- as there are no returns on custom seat covers ... even though I was VERY specific in my original order , I verified the order as correct ... two more weeks passed ... nothing and , no tracking to fall back on so , I emailed them inquiring about my order ... and my package was on my doorstep the next day ... they fit like a glove !! Neoprene seat covers are a little pricey but in my opinion , worth the wait !!!!
 Called for technical assistance on wiring schematics twice , had to wait for awhile one time , but assistance was great , technically competant and patient.Installing a remote starter involves more wiring than I anticipated . In total , 13 connections plus I had to purchase a relay and resistor.I also purchased a wiring harness to save time .
 Has a very good range and works every time . What more can I ask for . I had no problem with installation , but I 'm an electronic technician and have installed starters in the past .
 These Dayco Belts are top quality OEM Replacement Belts for outdoor power equipmentsuch as ZTR Mowers , Garden Tractors and Riding Lawn Mowers , they are much less expensive than oem belts and last twice as long as any other belts I have used , and I have used the all.Dayco makes replacement belts for most every application.Amazon has the lowest prices on Dayco Belts!Buy some Dayco Belts for your ZTR Mower , Garden Tractor or Riding Lawn Mower and Save yourself some money!Trust me , I am a professional landscaper .
 We have a 2000 TJ and needed a cover for the rainy season in the summer . I was tired of wet pants and garbage bags to get to work -LRB- or home -RRB- after a surprise shower . This cover works very well.What I will say is that the picture is a little misleading . Across the back the cover is not square , unless this is used over your soft / hard top . If you are putting it on an open air jeep , there is no support across the back and it will sag . While this may not seem to be a problem , it is a location that can collect water in a storm . Rain does not get into the jeep as long as you carefully remove the cover so this is just an FYI.Otherwise it fits well with straps and bands to hold tight and looks great -LRB- and dry -RRB- ! Update : We have recently had major storms in PA. . This will leak a little bit ! I do not think that it was created for the type of torrential rain we have had recently , and as a result there is some seepage . The rain will seep through the roof slightly and actually collects in my cup holders -LRB- remarkably the seats remain dry -RRB- . Still for the average rainfall it works well and I hold to my 4 star rating .
 Fits like a glove , looks good , keeps all the debri out . Only takes a few minutes to install , no complaints , if you roll with your top off you need this .
 This product is easy to put on and has held up for 9 months so far .
 I love the looks I get since I put this on . It was easy to install . I would highly recommend it !
 I gave this to my closed friend as Christmas gift and a surprise for her , she loves it very much , well , she 's a tweety lover with collections
 It 's just what I needed . The one I had was getting really worn . It was a gift for my wife who was deployed with the Air National Guard when I purchased it . She thought it was great.Thanks
 It came at a good time . When I opened it I saw it was really big but then I noticed it was adjustable . I put it on as tight as I could it looks extremely great . I love it so much . Totally worth it !
 This tire cover was just what I wanted and ordered . It was received in a timely manner . Thank you . Nice fit also .
 Nice looking fittings . I made the mistake by applying a little wd-40 inside the hose I was pushing on . I the hose would pop off under pressure and blow oil everywhere . Had to clamp it to get it to stay on after that . DO NOT USE LUBE ON FITTING !
 Great construction.I probably did n't need them , just wanted an upgrade . The American way right ?
 Did n't really need to change my wire set but the previous owner could n't tell me when they were changed -LRB- if even -RRB- so I rather be safe than sorry . NGK is definitely of quality and reliability . Great build , exact to OEM , they are numbered so no confusion -LRB- Putting the wire set to wrong slot can cause a misfire and a COSTLY mistake -RRB- . Changed the wires after I changed the spark plugs . Will update after I drive around alittle more !
 Ordered these along with a distributor cap and rotor -LRB- by BeckArnley -RRB- , for my 320k '96 Corolla . Grouped all items for free shipping and received them in two days -LRB- KY to GA -RRB- . Great quality products and highly recommended !
 These plug wires are not only very easy to install but also give the engine bay a nice , fresh look . I need to do more work on mine but it just got a little closer after installing these wires . The car runs a bit ore smooth also being that my wires needed replacing anyway . Would I recommend this ? Yes . Even if you could care less who sees them , they are very well built . Your car will love you for it .
 Wires work great and fit perfectl GREAT BUY . Would definitely recommend this product . Much better buy than going to retail store .
 For the price , this worked great.It fit on my scooter license plate -LRB- same as a motorcycle license plate -RRB- perfectly , and fastened very securely . I highly recommend it , especially because you ca n't get good hardware this cheap . The bolt on the back is a metric size 10 . You will need some sort of wrench to hold the nut , because it is a self-locking nut , so that it does not vibrate out during use ... The fasteners are `` chrome , '' but really are just polished steel . You wo n't see your refection in them , but they do look good and shiny.I doubt these would work on a car , because they are designed to be tightened from the back with the included nuts . Most cars have integrated nuts in the license plate area , therefore these may not fit your vehicle .
 fit just fine in my motorcycle license plate ... I think automobile plates use much larger diameter screws ??? anyways , works great in motorcycle license plate application .
 The parts worked as expected . After multiple attempts with plastic screwed that kept vibrating off , they metal fasteners hold on for the ride !
 I have 4 daughters that have driven used cars since high school andcollege and well into married life . I have replaced probably 11 or 12window regulators over the years . This one fit with no problems .
 Excelente lo recomiendo producto se recibi&oacute; en Venezuela en buen estado y llego r&aacute;pido dicho producto lo recomiendo en un 100 %
 The window regulator arrived quickly -LRB- in three days or so -RRB- , was reasonably priced , and fit my Jeep Grand Cherokee perfectly .
 piece of cake replacing the 2001 jeep window regulator , less than an hour start to finish . works perfectly and looks like a better unit than the original .
 The window on my Jeep stopped working , so after doing some research I determined the regulator was the problem . Found an installation guide online and the installation was pretty easy . Window works great now !
 One noted issue was that the wiring was reversed . When using the switch on the door for the window , the window goes down when it should go up and goes up when it should go down .
 So this item is a drop in exact fit ! I replaced the passenger rear last year so when it came time to install this one it took ... 20mins !!!! Its that easy as long as you have the simple tools needed . I recommend watching a youtube video -LRB- from 1aauto -RRB- and purchasing a door panel clip tool . So at the parts store this item was $ 100 with tax . I bought it for $ 60 , no shipping no tax from amazon ! After install it works like original equip ! and a link to that video :[ ... -RSB-
 I was impressed with the speed and packaging . Product is definently new and seems well crafted . I have n't removed it from the plastic yet because I 'm waiting on an order of door panel clips for my 04 ' Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo . My right rear had gone out before and I wish I knew Amazon had these regulators before I went 45 minutes to buy a upull and waste all that gas.Great buying experience all the way !
 So far so good . I have replaced all four regulators once and two of them have been done twice . Jeep made it easy to replace knowing they will break at any given moment . The last one I replaced only lasted six months and broke but was another brand name , so we shall see . The first time I replaced one took about an hour , now I can do it in twenty minutes . You need a 10mm socket , a phillips screw driver , and one of those star shaped screwdrivers -LRB- sorry , ca n't think of the name or size right now -RRB- . It 's easy to replace , just take your time .
 This was an easy replacement for my burnt out window regulator . The OEM one was cheap and the plastic gears kept stripping out . So I found the Dorman 741-557 direct replacement on Amazon for $ 56 I could n't pass it up . The window regulator works great ! Only downside is I was hoping it was more powerful than stock . But it seems electrical is n't Jeeps strong point . That aside , it 's a perfect replacement part !
 Easy to locate the part needed.Easy to order.Easy to replace.Fit perfect in 15 minutes.Would order from them again .
 This is the second window regulator I have had to replace . The first time I had the dealer replace it . This time I could n't stomach the price tag to replace another . This part is hundreds of dollars cheaper and works just as well - it 's just a tiny bit slower , but that 's hardly noticeable . I installed this in about 2 hours and I have very low mechanical ability . There are good instructions on the web and on YouTube that show exactly how to install . My only advice is to buy a few replacement door panel clips - I busted about three taking the door panel off and putting it back on .
 Saved money buying this here compared to the dealership or local auto parts store . Not even charged a core.Quick and easy replacement , check wjjeeps for step by steps.also check this site for door panel clips , you 're guaranteed to break some taking off the door panel ; -RRB-
 I ordered a Dorman window regulator for my Jeep GC driver side door . The item arrived very quickly , it fit perfectly in my jeep , and operates perfectly , quiet and smooth . Thanks for a quality product at a fair price !
 The originals failed on both sides within a few days of each other -LRB- but after six years and 120,000 miles -RRB- . Dealer wanted $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to repair EACH ! The parts alone from the dealer cost about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for each . I ordered both from Amazon and they came in about 8 days . The repair was easier than I thought and the parts are perfect replacemetns for the orignals . You shouold expect to break some of the plastic clips that hold the door panels in . I ordered mine from -LSB- ... -RSB- , part PAS9380 . A bag of 50 cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I needed about 8 , so now I 'm ready for next time !
 Assembly was very well made and was very easy to install . Great price compared to dealer stock .
 This window regulator worked great . It fit without any modification and is functioning in my Jeep today .
 If you are somewhat handy with tools and car parts , this is a good way to same the time and money it would take to go to the dealer to get this fixed . Oh and I wish I had read about the door clips earlier . A couple of them broke while taking the interior door panel off . Order a pack of door clips just in case .
 I 'm not an auto mechanic by any means , but when the Jeep dealer told me it would cost at least $ 500 to replace the passenger side window motor on my aging 2001 Jeep GCL , I thought I 'd see if there were any alternatives . A local shop bid $ 300 , but I found a video online that detailed the replacement procedure , watched it , then decided to go the DIY route and ordered the part from Amazon.Replacement took about an hour for a door pulling newby . Note you will also need a Torex T25 and a Torex T27 bit as those screws help secure the panel to the door frame.The only tricky part was prying the panel off the trim clips as it takes a fair bit of force and I broke a few clips in the process . Fortunately , one of the other reviews mentioned that possibility , and I 'd ordered a set of door trim clips at the same time -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- . It took a lot less time to put everything back together , and I ca n't tell you how pleased I was when I flipped the switch and watched the window roll up and down.Or how pleased I am to have saved $ 400 .
 This was unfortunately the second time I had to purchase this product -LRB- first time was for the other front car door window on the left side -RRB- . Both purchses provided products that have worked since I have installed them -LRB- going on about 2 years for the first one ; about 4 weeks on the second one/passenger front door -RRB- . So far so good . However , i am getting an occassional click out of the newer one when I activate it via the electronic door switch . Not sure yet why that is occurring ...
 better product than the stock OEM part . has lasted longer , and works stronger . easy install , instructions included . would recommend it .
 I purchased this part after having purchased just the regulator itself without the motor only to find out the factory motor does not fit into the white gear of the replacement regulator . I installed this part in no time and it works great so far . If anything happens and it messes up I will update this review .
 I received this item two days after I ordered it . When I examined it , I found that it is of a better quality than the OME . I moved the old one and completed the replacement in less that a half hour . It works great . But the best part is that it cost $ 227 less than the dealer . For $ 68 and the quality , it ca n't be beat .
 Perfect fit and easy install . Works perfectly and I bought two other Dorman replacements for my other windows . I would recommend buying in pairs as I replaced the passenger side and a month later the driver side failed . Thank you
 I have had to replace window regulators pretty often on my jeep . Twice on the passenger side and three times on the driver side . I have replaced both windows with this brand and they are both working great ... now we will see if they will stand the test of time .
 so far so good no problems yet , but only time will tell . Dorman is a popular name as I have bought other products and have n't had any problems ?
 I have been a mechanic for 20 + years run part stores and repair shops . I have used dorman parts many times . I never thought I would find A window regulator for this price . I paid 30 % of what the local dealer was selling for and its better than original dorman solved the problem of the plastic clip breaking .
 These are a pain to get in and out . However , the product worked perfectly once installed .
 After receiving a verbal quote of $ 400 to repair the Jeep Grand Cherokee window . I found this Aftermarket window regulator and installed it myself in a little over 1/2 an hour . Thanks . BTW - I had the basic tools on hand including Torx tip , Phillips tip , small Pliers and 10mm socket before I started . I also followed the instructions I browsed upon at another website .
 I purchased this product to fix my passengers window of my Jeep Grand Cherokee . The part was the exact match to the OEM , and installing it was a snap and works great . The price was value !!
 I ordered this item from America and was amazed to receive it in ten days . It was a direct replacement and needed no modification of any kind , it works well a gave a big saving over the UK sourced unit especially when over half the cost was delivery and still the saving was big.The sellers were friendly and helpful and gave excellent communication and delivery advice.Would definately contact this supplier again for Jeep parts.No grumbling about this !
 The product was an exact replacement and fit perfectly . The hardest part of the job is removing and replacing the -LRB- 11 -RRB- door panel retaining clips.Great price.Buy one
 I rate this product excelent , and the price is very good , everybody else wants to much money for this product . thanks Amazon .
 This is a quality product at an excellent price . Shipping was quick as well as free . Local prices at auto parts stores were up to twice as costly .
 Dorman makes great products . This part took me a little over 30 minutes to install . The price was terrific , and the part works perfectly . I cant believe people spend upwards of $ 400 at the dealer for the part and installation . The free shipping was another added bonus .
 Cost was 40 % least than a local dealer . Fit was great no trouble installing . The OEM unit failed where the cables attach to a plastic clip . This clip looks the same as the OEM unit , but material could be of a different compond . I hope so . Even if this unit fails in 4 years as did the factory one , I still saved 40 % . 6 months now and all is well .
 Good - a little noisier than the factory - but overall the best value I have found .
 this regulator is close in quality to the original part , but the motor is smaller and not as powerful as the bosch . too early to tell how well it will hold up . the cable on the original broke after 5 years .
 This item was sent to someone in Jamaica . W.I. to go onto an 88/89 Mazda 323 that has been fitted with a heavy duty suspension -LRB- imagine 6 people in a 323 from the 80s going through potholes the size of plastic wading pools -RRB- . The owner was very pleased with the quality and it does n't say so but I believe it has the bearing as well . If you need one and or think you will in the future I suggest that you get one right now as I do n't think they are going to be making them anymore but I could be wrong , price is great too .
 My husband wo n't use anything other than Lexol Leather Cleaner , and the Lexol Conditioner , it 's a great product , so he 's stayed with it from it 's inception , quite a number of years ago . He 's very particular about keeping his leather in the best shape possible.He mentioned that it lasts a very long time , a little goes a long way . He 's never had any problems with the condition or cleaner ... and does n't ever plan on changing !! Great product !!
 This is actually one of the best cleaners I 've used so far . It really takes off embedded dirt and grime !
 I specifically bought this product to remove blood on a leather jacket . For the most part it did a good job of cleaning the leather . It did not remove the blood as well as I hoped , but that may be due to the delay from the stain to purchasing the product . by the time I received the product , the blood had been on the jacket for a week . Otherwise , the product works well on leather furniture and other leather products for cleaning and for conditioning the leather to prevent drying .
 We have a bunch of bondage gear ; wrist and ankle cuffs , floggers , whips , etc. . It does seem to get dirty quite a bit and Lexol seems to clean it up like new every time . We have tried other brands , but this one is hands down the best . The trick is not to be stringy with the liquid . Apply a good amount on a sponge and go to work .
 I have tried every leather cleaner it seems like . All of my furniture is leather . I have tried ones much more expensive than lexol as well . And this product is by far the best !! Cleans really good and actually looks clean when you are done . Very easy to use . .
 Cleaner did what is was suppose to . No problems , but it 's not a miracle product . Would not remove stains , and may have contributed to them.Essentially , do not clean/condition light-color leather and then sit in with dark-leather clothing ... The dryer clothing will want to mate to the now , soft and supple partner . During the copulation period , the dark leather will attempt to pass some of its genes onto the surface of the soft-supple-light-color leather ; obviously leaving a very unexciting result .
 As soon as I got this filter in the mail , I installed it in my car and since then to now this filter has performed great , it 's strong , sturdy construction and great fit on the original filter case that my car came with , great product .
 Fits my application , smoother idle over OEM paper filters , increased performance , million mile warranty , ca n't ask for more .
 It was getting to the point that I was filling my tires 2 to 3 times a week . I took the worst of the tires and soaped it up . The leaking was coming from around the bang-on rim weight . I called up my local tire repair shop and they wanted $ 25 + to dismount , clean and remount the tire to fix the rim-leak . Since all four tires were leaking , it would cost me over $ 100 -LRB- with tax , etc. -RRB- to have all tires done . Then , I remembered Slime , and asked a guy at the auto parts store if it worked . He said that his tires were leaking like a sieve all around the side-walls , which Slime fixed . IMPORTANT
 Friday after work walked out to see the rear tire flat -LRB- roofing nail got me -RRB- , pulled the nail out , squeezed in some slime and inflated the tire with the little pump unit . 15 minutes from start to finish and I was on my way -LRB- 3400 miles later and I still have n't had a leak -RRB- .
 My wife 's minivan has a slow leak in the right rear . I took it to Walmart and they refused to fix it , `` too close to the side wall '' . I figured a $ 10 bottle of Slime vs. $ 200 for a new set of tires was a good pay-off ratio . I jacked up the van and followed the instructions . While the van was up I saw just a nib of the offending item . An allen wrench , 3/16s I think , was buried in the tire . I pulled out the wrench , filled the tire with air , and took for a drive . The next morning it was a little low , so I added a air . It has been fine since then . Bottom line
 I bought Slime a long time ago and forgot I had it until I had a totally flat tire , and a meeting I did n't want to miss . I found a nail stuck in my truck tire and removed it . Then I noticed that Slime recommended a 16 oz dose of Slime for a car tire , but I only had an 8 oz bottle , which I used anyway . I removed the valve stem with the cleverly designed valve stem remover , and connected the hose attachment that comes with the bottle , and squeezed . I used my pocket knife to make a hole in the bottom of the bottle to help squeeze all the formula into the tire . I replaced the valve and filled the tire with air 5 days ago and it 's still inflated . I do n't know what `` dungeonrat '' did to rate this product so low , but I 'm buying more . This stuff works great !!!
 The stuff just seems to work . . perhaps a bit overpriced , but beats the cost of a flat repair under many circumstances . . of course if it does n't work , you 're out the repair AND the cost of this . . it 's a gamble , but I think worth the risk in many cases . You can probably make a reasonable risk assessment based the kind of damage your tire suffers.NOTE
 I had constant trouble with a low pressure lawn mower tire prior to adding a 16 oz bottle of slime -LRB- tire size 20 '' X 10 '' X 8 '' -RRB- . This product is easily worth the money for troublesome lawn equipment tires .
 I had a very small leak in one of my tires for quite some time now . Averaged about 6 psi drop per month . The shop mechanic bubble tested it and found nothing . He recommended replacing the tire of course . But my tire was still new so I figured I 'll have to live with refilling the dang thing every month or so . Until I read about Slime sealant online and here on Amazons . For $ 10 a bottle what do I have to lose -LRB- bought mine at Walmart -RRB- . My tire has no sensors so I ca n't vouch for those who are in this situation . In any case Slime worked for me ! After more than a month of driving , there was no drop in psi at all . I only used 8 oz as recommended by one of the reviewer . And apparently that 's all it needed to seal the leak . WOW ! I do n't believe in a miracle in a can type of gimmick but will make an exception for Slime and Seafoam . Highly recommended !
 I LOVE this product ! This has saved me so much headache ! I have 2 ATV 's that both had a tire with a slow leak . I followed the instructions , and used a very generous amount of this slime in the tires . The leaks were repaired , and the tires never leaked again . Also , I had a wheelbarrow tire that was flat every time I used it . FIXED . My Golf Cart had a slow leak , and I fixed that thing too . The product was easy to use . It came with a shrader valve removal tool , and the instructions were clear . I 'm super impressed . I 'll bet the guy that changes the tires for a living does not like this when he has to change the tires , but that does n't matter , because I wo n't be taking my leaky tires in for repair for a long time .
 I woke up this morning and my car had the proverbial flat tire . I tried to swap the flat tire for the spare when I realized the dealer had tightened the lug nuts too tightly for me to remove them by hand . So I 'm stuck with a flat tire and no way to drive it down to the shop and get it fixed . As I walk back inside to call a tow truck , I remember that I 've got some Slime and an electric tire pump in the trunk . Having never tried the stuff before and looking at $ 75 to get towed down to the shop , I figure `` What have I got to lose ? If it works , I can drive down to the shop . If it does n't work , I need to call a tow truck anyway . `` All that I can say is
 Works just like it is supposed to work ! Recommended by a friend who uses it on heavy equipment tires . Used it on lawn mower and Gorilla small hand dump truck tires . Excellent !!!!!
 i used this product on my truck tire . I actually did n't even use the right size bottle for the tire and it still fixed the leak I had in that tire . I would definitely recommend this product to someone with a slow leak . I have not yet used it on a large leak closer to the recommended size the product states they can fix . I could not find the leak on my tire and yet it leaked I used this product no more leak . I used the 8oz size on my large suv tire . Worked great .
 I have a tire with a nail in it and a decent amount of tread on it that would go flat every night , and sometimes during the day . I was filling it back up every morning and sometimes at lunch . I put slime in Friday afternoon and have not turned on my air compressor yet . I checked the pressure on the tire late yesterday and it had not lost a pound . This stuff just works . For a little under ten dollars i saved my self from spending $ 60 + on a new tire . Thanks Slime !
 I had a leak in my tire that accelerated greatly in the cold weather . I was filling it twice a week to 35psi -LRB- from around 15 -RRB- . I put about 16oz in my tire - Run flat , 255/35/18 -LRB- BMW 3-Series Sport Pkg -RRB- . Then drove it 4 miles . That was about a month ago and it is holding at 35psi , with zero vibration even above highway speeds . I am not sure where the leak was coming from , but I am a true believer in this product . Saved me up to $ 400 to replace a single tire . The built-in tool on the endcap worked great .
 I purchased slime several years ago to fix a leak in my car tire . The tires never leaked again for the 4-5 years we had the car.I 'm about to get another bottle as a leak has surfaced in a different car . This stuff is amazing . I have no doubt it will work perfectly again.At this time there is one bad review for this product . Ignore it . The reviewer did not leave enough information to judge whether they used the product correctly or even were using the right product for the right job . Slime should have a solid 5 star rating .
 I 'm not even sure I used the product correctly - I had a slow leak in one of the tires on my golf TDI . The rate of the leak was roughly 1psi per day , as I found myself adding back 10psi every week and a half or so . Not wanting to bite the bullet and chuck a good tire , I semi-followed the instructions and added only 4 ounces of slime to the tire , and re-inflated . -LRB- The instructions said to use 8 ounces -RRB- It has now been a month or so , and I have yet to lose one psi from the tire . The products worked as described and sealed the leak.The only slightly negative aspect of using slime I 've noticed thus far is a slight wobbling when first heading out to work in the mornings . Sometimes the wobble is there , sometimes not . It usually works itself out within 5 miles of driving.The product arrived on-time and appropriately packaged .
 This saved my tire . I had a slow leak that I plugged but still every 5 days or so the tire would need about 20lbs of air . Toyota told me I needed a new tire . Tried this stuff out and I was blessed , NO Leak ! also get a tire valuve remover tool , they want you to use the cap to do it which just snapped rite off .
 I had a slow leak in my tire loosing about 10PSI a day I tried this stuff works great its very easy to use and not messy at all just follow the directions . Tip try only using half the amount the bottle says to use it will make the tire unbalanced and give you a slight wobble but after a certiant speed it goes away .
 Have had the TPMS safe Slime 10011 in my little Kia Rio 5 SX w/TPMS for 6 months now . I drive 55 miles of freeway at 75 MPH each day and pick up nails continuously . Got tired of dropping tires off at my local tire store to be repaired . Decided to use tire repair plugs which are quick and work great for about 2 weeks , then the lateral friction works them loose and they begin a slow leak again . I decided to try the TPMS safe slime at the Slime website recommended amount for my small tire size -LRB- 7 `` W x 23 `` H -RRB- and it has been great !!! No out of balance issues , leaks , or loss of pressure -LRB- 6 months now -RRB- . I am getting ready to by another bottle of the 10011 for a front tire now -LRB- dang roofing crews -RRB- . WORKED FOR ME !
 I HAD SIMILIAR PROBLEMS AS THE OTHER REVIEWERS . I WALKED OUT TO MY CAR , STARTED IT UP , STARTED BACKING OUT MY DRIVE AND ... THUD THUD THUD BUMP BUM BUMP ! IVE HEARD AND FELT THAT BEFORE ! I STEPPED OUT , MY FRONT PASSENGER TIRE WAS COMPLETELY FLAT ! I DRIVE A SOUPED UP CLASSIC LINCOLN , WITH ALL WHITEWALL TIRES , USED TIRE SHOPS IN MY AREA NEVER HAVE A WHITEWALL TO FIX MY CAR , AND IT IS NOT REALLY SAFE TO MOUNT A BRAND NEW TIRE WITH OTHER , USED TIRES ! OH NO ! I GET TO DRIVE MY CAR AROUND WITH 3 WHITEWALLS UNTIL I BUY A NEW SET OF TIRES ... I THINK NOT ! I FILLED THE TIRE WITH SLIME , VERY EASY , AIRED IT UP AS USUAL , DROVE IT FOR A MILE OR TWO TO EVEN OUT THE SLIME . THE NEXT DAY MY TIRE STILL HAD PERFECT PRESSURE , I USUALLY HAVE TO TOP OFF MY TIRES ATLEAST ONCE A WEEK , NEEDLESS TO SAY , I SLIMED ALL MY TIRES AND I DONT HAVE THAT PROBLEM ANYMORE ! THOUGH I WOULDNT SUGGEST THIS ... I ACTUALLY RACED ON MY PREVIOUSLY FLAT SLIMED TIRE , PRESSURE IS STILL PERFECT ! AWESOME PRODUCT , YOU SHOULD TRY IT BEFORE YOU RUN TO YOUR LOCAL SHOP , SAVED ME HUNDREDS ON A NEW SET OF TIRES!THANKS SLIME !
 This hitch hooked up perfectly and I was able to install it by myself by simply propping one end up with a jackstand . It seems like it is great quality and it looks really pretty with the powder coating in shiny black .
 This was much better than I was expecting . It fit perfect . Took about 30 minutes to bolt into place . holes lined up perfect.I would definately recommend this to anyone needing a hitch receiver .
 bolt holes lined up with the frame , had it completely installed in under an hour , a little difficulty with existing rust on my vehicle
 Bought one of these and went to install it a few weeks later but it was significantly bent on one side due to inadequate packing -LRB- just came loose in a big box . -RRB- It had torn through and was bent . I could n't tell until I went to put it on later . Luckily it was just before the 30 day return period expired . Had to send it back and Amazon replaced without issue but the second one was also bent in the same way though not as much . It is fairly easy to install once you get the carriage bolt through the plate that goes in the frame rail on passenger side . I recommend to allow yourself extra time to install because if you ca n't get that in place right away it may become lodged in your frame rail . You do n't want to have to drive off without getting that out of there or completing the job . Ask me how I know ! Using a jack on one side helps significantly as does a c-clamp on the other . You may also have to remove your exhaust hanger to get access.Overall , the hitch is relatively well made -LRB- though mine was a bit short AND bent AGAIN ! -RRB- For the price , if you are looking for a self install without drilling and or welding it 's a workable product . I do recommend you check out the fit right away to see if it is bent or not . I would recommend to a friend but mostly for the price . Hopefully Curt will pack their product better in the future .
 What can I say , arrived in perfect condition and installed in 20 minutes , perfect fit , no hassle install , looks good on the vehicle , at a price that is tough to beat from amazon !!
 I will definitely buy a Curt hitch again . Fits like a glove . I lost one minor part and called Curt to purchase a replacement and they sent me a replacement for free . Not only that , it arrived the next day .
 Honestly easy . Using air tools and two people , 15 minutes ! I was a little set back by the bolt that has to be fished through , but it was easy as could be . Everything aligned perfectly and simply . Easier than a Reno wedding !
 The hitch is top notch quality . The welds are perfect and a thick , glossy black finish covers the whole thing.The only problem I ran into was the directions showed an access hole in the pax side frame rail which did not exist . Kind of important as you need to fish a small mounting plate and a bolt through this larger hole and guide the bolt through the mounting plate and out a pre-drilled hole in the frame bottom about 10 inches away.I ended up cuting a small area at the very rear of the frame , where bumper attaches , and fished the plate and bolt from this point to the pre-drilled hole . Not a very easy task . Instead of the advertised 30 min install time , it took the better part of the day to figure this out and get the small section of frame opened up enough to fit the parts through .
 These Dayco Belts are top quality OEM Replacement Belts for outdoor power equipmentsuch as ZTR Mowers , Garden Tractors and Riding Lawn Mowers , they are much less expensive than oem belts and last twice as long as any other belts I have used , and I have used the all.Dayco makes replacement belts for most every application.Amazon has the lowest prices on Dayco Belts!Buy some Dayco Belts for your ZTR Mower , Garden Tractor or Riding Lawn Mower and Save yourself some money!Trust me , I am a professional landscaper .
 The McGard prop lock was easy to install on my 75 HP Merc . Took off factory nut on prop shaft and replaced with enclosed bellville washer and lock . Directions were very clear for the different manufacturers . Also nice to see this lock set made in USA
 This product was very easy to install and I 'm hoping it will prevent someone from swiping my very expensive stainless prop . If you would like to order an additional key do not bother with the mail in envelope . Just call their customer service line , -LRB-800-RRB-444-5847 , which is on the documentation that came with the product . They can register and order whatever you want -LRB- new locks , new keys -RRB- right over the phone with your credit card .
 Does what it should , high quality and provides peace of mind ! I would definetly recommend this to boat owners . This keeps my $ 600 stainless sport boat prop save when trailering or when it 's on the hoist out on the lake .
 This was the perfect `` companion purchase '' to the McGard 74018 Marine Single Stern Drive Lock Set . This was purchased to deter thieves from stealing the propeller while the boat is in transit cross-country and even while sitting vulnerable in a storage yard or side yard of a residence . Thieves like to take things easily that do n't belong to them so they can take them to recycling yards for quick cash . Why let yourself become a victim !
 I was worried about my prop hanging at water level in the boat house with the water low in the lake.A friend told me about this product and I was ready to purchase at full price . Amazon had the link for a great price . I will look at amazon for prices now .
 Product delivered quickly , works as expected . easy to install . It recommends using torque wrench at 50 ft-lbs to set tightness . I was disappointed that I could not register key online , had to snail mail hardcopy .
 I can sleep easy now knowing that my new $ 300 SS prop is securely protected . This is an amazing product and I highly recommend it .
 Arrived promptly and nicely packaged . Includes stopcock and all four hose fittings were nicely protected . Fit perfectly into '98 Sienna . -LRB- It 's an easy job to replace this radiator yourself ; it 's a bit more challenging to properly flush the cooling system . -RRB- Good luck !
 These are great seat covers . Look like leather and they are easy to install . I have n't had them long so I 'm not sure how they will hold up , but they look and feel like leather and are really nice looking and fit great I 'm going to buy the backseat covers next .
 I bought this to replace one purchased long ago . It works great . Dont have to worry about the ends staying in the heads . Especially on the DOHC engines where they are recessed . Came with ends for a Motorcycle or Small engine .
 I love MityVac products , and this little compression kit has a great selection of adapters to make it usable in almost every situation . Need a good kit ? Buy this one !
 I received my tester kid in a very timely manner . The quality of the tester looks excellent . This was a gift for someone else who was also pleased , though I am not sure they have had a chance to use the product .
 After having to take my entire dash apart to install the blower motor , it was well worth it . Product works great !
 great service came in on time and works perfectly and it was a good price . I would defintely use this company again for future products thanks
 I need these for my camper , hardly ever blow one , but they are a must have item . The price was more then fair .
 I was n't expecting too much from McGard , based on previous auto wheel locks purchased , but I was pleasantly surprised at the materials , quality & value of this propeller lock . Of course time will tell how well it stands up to the corrosion of salt water , but it looks as though the right materials have been used . I 'm using it on a 2007 Larson 274 Cabrio with Volvo-Penta Duo-prop . Some type of trim cap might have been a nice finishing touch , but to be honest , it 's unnecessary and would probably only trap moisture and encourage corrosion . So , all in all I 'm pleased with this purchase , and now much less concerned that an opportunist will take a liking to my expensive stainless props .
 I 've been using this for a few years now . I can easily take off my prop , and I 'm pretty sure no one else would be able to without the key .
 Immediately I got to the products , initiated the installation of new windows motors of A1 Cardone replacing old motors in my car Mercury Cougar . The electrical motors functioned properly , are quieter and rotate quickly . For now , I am pleased with the quality of products A1 cardone .
 it tixed my overheating problem once and for all , i had spend so much money replacing other parts but this did it .
 2002 Explorer XLT . I 'm sure it fits in other vehicles as well , but it was identical to the original coming out of my car . Dropped right in and lined up with all the right bolts and made for a very easy installation.Very happy with this purchase , as it was $ 60 less than any local auto parts store.Amazon Prime 2-Day delivery arrived overnight .
 This liner fit as advertised ; roll it out , place some heavy books on the corners for 15 minutes and slide it into the cargo area , done . The only thing the seller neglected to say in the description is that it is plastic , not rubber as I had assumed . Other than that no complaints , dusty , muddy boots are no longer a problem .
 Got this to replace a 10 yr old noisy blower motor . Installation went smooth . New motor works like a champ . No more annoying noise . Saved myself some money too .
 it fit in perfectly came quickly and as soon as i finished cursing the bolts out and then back in - it turned right on ! and saved me goodness know how much ! im no damsel in this dress !
 I ordered this part to replace the blower in a 2003 Ford Taurus SES . The replacement part was a perfect fit and looked exactly like the original Ford part . Replacement was easy :9 / 32 socket for glove box bolts5/16 socket for blower assembly bolts5/16 nut driver for bolt closest to the door -LRB- glove box frame makes it too tight to use a right angle socket wrench -RRB- Remove 3 bolts on the outside bottom of the glove box , pull out the plastic kick plate -LRB- no tool needed , just pull hard -RRB- , remove 3 bolts on the blower assembly , unplug the power connector -LRB- pull out while pushing down on the lock latch -RRB- , insert the new assembly , connect the power , insert bolts , replace kick plate and glove box and you are all set . It took me less than 40 minutes from getting out the socket wrench to putting everything away . Ordering online was half the cost of the auto part stores .
 put in a few months ago and still is going strong . Paid way less than any parts store around wanted .
 Bought two sets . Great gift item for the Betty Boop fan . Love the design .
 It was exactly what I wanted , and it fit like a glove.It really enhances the looks of my truck.I will be getting other items .
 Just as shown fit good easy to install Looks great on my Dodge one ton crome matches factory crome Would recomend .
 I ordered the chrome fuel door cover 688774 I received it when promised and once again I am very satisfied with the product.I have a 2008 Dodge Ram 1500 that I was starting to loose interest in.I ca n't afford to spend a lot of money , due to the fact that I am disabled and have a fixed income , so I figured I would buy some items to try and make the truck more appealing.I bought the chrome tailgate handle to start , I figured for the price it would probably look cheap but what a surprise.I have made several purchases since.I had a floor covering business for 23 years and usually when something sounds to good to be true it usually is n't true but not in this case.Auto Ventshade 688774 Chrome Fuel Door Cover
 I purchased this Top Crome Plated Fuel Door Cover from Amazon.com . I will honestly tell you the truth . This Co. is very reliable and dependable . This is the best looking Fuel Door Cover I have ever owned , easy to install , and looks like a million dollars . would n't trade it for nothing . It actually looks like it was professionaly installed . Buy one , you 'll be glad you did . Take it from me . I will continue to buy from Amazon for a long time to come . This Co is very reasonable and reliable . If you order the wrong part , they would make no hassle about it . They will work with you until they find the right item , send it to you usually by the next day and will send with it a return slip for you to return your wrong item at their expense . You do n't even have to send it back until after you get your new item , then you ship it back at their expense . Now you ca n't beat that , can you ? Try em , I guarentee you will like em . ` Gene BDecatur
 I find the product just perfect for my car . I liked the higher pitched sound and the shiny finish on it . Seller is honest and item was shipped fast and in exact sealed condition as listed . Price is reasonably fair and yes , seller is highly recommendable and so with product . Super buy and seller I must say !
 This Kit was very easy to install , Installed in a 2001 Chrysler 300m . No problems whatsoever . shipping was quick . and Installation was a breeze . Highly recommended .
 I bought these to go into my new car , and they fit perfectly , even though I have a very small car . Everyone I drive with always comments on how cute they are -LRB- I love Scooby-Doo ! -RRB- They did smell like rubber for a few days , but it did n't bother me at all . I reccommend these .
 I bought only this pump , none of the extra stuff -LRB- new hoses , etc. -RRB- . The installation was easy , and I 've had absolutely no problems .
 The mats that came with my small SUV were carpet and eventually wore out . Being a `` Pooh '' lover , I thought I 'd try these . They fit perfectly in my Saturn VUE and make me smile each time I get in . Excellent heavyweight construction ; great price .
 I really like my floor mats but if you purchase them keep in mind that pooh is light colored and will show dirt marks constantly .
 The price was excelent . It does the job as well as the factory blower . It was difficult to replace , but it was worth it .
 I received this product about a month ago and I am very happy with the performance . The price is outstanding -LRB- saved around $ 100 compared to the local parts house -RRB- and the quality is OEM . This is a direct replacement , installation took about 15 min . and best of all the motor is quiet . I just installed a blower motor on another vehicle and that motor is noisy . Wish I had purchased it from Amazon .
 I bought these for my wife , who has a Jeep Grand Cherokee and is out at the horse stables all the time.She loved the mats and logo , and still does . The mats take a beating and clean up with soap/water and any handy ` protectant ' you might have available.Love 'em . Perfect for a cowgirl ... a beautiful woman with dirt on 'em . ; - -RRB-
 Wife bought these for her ride . Product arrived on time as expected . The floor mats have nice deep channels and the logo is crisp white . Highly recommend for all those cow girls out there .
 I purchased these for my daughter and she absolutely loves them . They are top quality and very easy to clean up . I highly recommend them .
 Bought these mats for my cowgirl daughter . She drives to the barn everyday so they get alot of use , they are durable and a good value for the money . The heavy duty rubber makes them easy to hose off . She loves them .
 I bought these for my daughter 's 1993 Volvo 940 and they fit well without having to trim them . She loves horses so these are perfect for her .
 These floormats are great for the price that we paid . we had shopped around to get the best mat for the price as well as the original design that we could n't find anywhere else . Thanks again . Will shop this site again in the future .
 They look just like the picture and are half way heavy duty floor mats . We did not have to trim them so no troubles there . My mom LOVES them - they were her birthday present !!!
 LOVED PRODUCT AND ARRIVED IN TIME FOR THE HOLIDAY . , perfect for the cowgirl in your life . These are my second pair , fits cars & trucks
 Love these mats . Easy to clean as I have 3 horses and live in the desert , lots of sand . Fit in my Mazda perfectly , get lots of compliments .
 Christmas gift for my teen daughters ' truck . She loved them . Nice and big and cover well plus they are just enough &#34; girly &#34; !
 I have had them for close to a year now and am still impressed with the looks of them . My friends are envious ! It ads style to my little car and states who I am ! They are well made , easy to clean , and seem very durable ! They are only 1/8 '' thick , but I have not found them to be of poor quality at all . They have taken a beating from my boots and still look good ! I would definitely buy these again !
 You can not go wrong with Moog . Replaced the inner tie rods and so far they 're great . No issue with them non what so ever . If you need to upgrade your suspension , I would recommend Moog product .
 This unit is just the thing for portable installations -LRB- camping , field day , extended boondocking.Don ' t know why it 's so hard to find . Maybe discontinued . bummer.Get it if you find it .
 My daughter bought me a tee shirt with these same words down the front . The beauty of this short phrase is that it calls to mind all the most horrible dreams you ever had as a child . Having those same dreams as a result is ludicrous , but funny as long as you are NOT having dreams about evil killer clowns . Everyone should have this phrase somewhere just to remind themselves that most of the time the world is not as bizarre as movies , television and books might otherwise lead you to believe it is . Just do , not , fall , asleep .
 Lol ... I ca n't help it . I think that this is a really funny bumper sticker!Those , however , who suffer from Coulrophobia may not find it quite so funny . Anyone who has a fear of clowns should forego getting this sticker and , instead , spend some time in a clinic that addresses this type of fear . It would be a much better investment than getting this sticker .
 Product matches the color of my dash perfect . Installation was easy , they gave me more than enough velcro stickums to do the job .
 I purchased this product to keep away unwanted pests from eating my flowers . It has worked ! I will be ordering more for other areas of my yard .
 Been in the ground for about three weeks and has seemingly scared away the moles . May need to get another one for the other side of the yard or keep moving this one to make sure they do n't come back . So far , a good purchase .
 I am pleasantly surprised so far . Since installing this simple device we have n't seen a single groundhog . They were all over the place before ! My garden might just make it this summer ! I am so excited !
 Ordered 6 of these to cover a large areaAfter trying various other methods to getRid of moles . They have been in place forA few weeks now & we have n't seen anynew runs or mounds since !!!! FINALLYsomething that seems to work , the yard looksbetter already !!!!
 After trying digging , water , and poison pellets I was about to give up . Nothing worked and the mole just kept digging in my yard . I looked online and found this as a solution . After being in my yard for a few days the tunneling stopped and the mole had given up . No batteries to change and no wires . Just needs sunlight.Wish I had tried this long ago , but now I have 2 of these in my yard and no more moles ...
 Very easy to use and set up , you will know it is working by the beep it makes every 15 seconds or so . Inside the beep seemed a little loud so I wondered if we would hear it inside once I set it up outside . Did not hear the beep at all inside once I set it up outside . When you are close you do hear the beep but it is not to loud . We have a small garden that we use it for , well within the recommended dimensions . I buried it to where the solar panel was only a couple of inches above the ground . If you dig a hole to bury the unit make sure you pack the dirt , this will help convey the sound waves through the ground . Covered the mole holes every day and after about a week they did not come back . But wait , after a few days the holes were back , so apparently the moles came back hoping the annoyance had gone away . I was disappointed but decided to give it a little more time . Again covered the holes every day for about a week and then the holes disappeared again but this time for good ! Overall it took about three weeks to get rid of the moles permanently . It has now been two months and they have not come back . Also appears to have had some effect on the larger pests but that was not my concern because of the small 18 inch high fence we have around the garden . If moles are your problem it worked for us . Recommended .
 This product works to run moles away from it as advertised . I have 2 of them .
 I bought the Solar Pest Repeller about a month ago after having several mole runs appear in my rather large yard . My cats were having a hey day hunting the moles but my yard was on its way to virtual total destruction ! I placed one pest repeller in the center of all the runs and have not had one new hill appear since then . It would appear that the moles have packed their bags ! I may buy a second one if I see any new activity on the other side of the yard , but so far it seems they 've completely left my yard .
 So-o-o far they 're great units , the little varmits do n't seem to like the noise and move on .
 placed two of these in my 20 ' x 30 ' garden one month ago and the moles have stayed away from my vegetables . The moles , however are still around . If I did n't have the sunforce products , I am sure they would have ate everything .
 INSTALLED IN MY YARD . HAVE N'T HAD A NEW MOLE HILL SINCE . CHASED THEM OUT OF MY YARD AND THAT IS ALL I CARE ABOUT !!
 We put them out in the yard and charged them with sunlight just like it says and the Moles , Gophers , Groundhogs are GONE . Thank you .
 This is the second solar pest repeller I have purchased . The first is still working fine , at the side of the yard . The second is protecting the yard at the back . The moles or gophers are sent back into my neighbor 's yard . I will probably buy a third repeller for the other side of my yard as I see that yard has pests . The solar pest repeller is an excellent way to keep free of the burrowers . It does not kill or harm . Does not disturb the dog or cats . It works 24/7 , and is a great value for the money . My neighbors are not happy but I am . `` Ce la vie '' , they need to buy their own repellers !
 We had moles , but apparently only temporarily . We purchased 2 and set them up to try and prevent their return . They may not come back , even without these units . One of the units makes a buzzing noise , I guess that 's the deterrent , but one appears dead . I contacted the company about the bad unit and it 's been about 2 weeks and I 've heard NOTHING back . Sunforce is the brand ... apparently customer support is not their forte . Harbor Freight has similar units for about $ 9.00 on sale . Maybe I 'll try them.UPDATE
 My garden was getting destroyed by moles/gophers before I bought one of these pest repellers . I love the fact that it 's solar so I do n't have to worry as much about dead batteries . It seems to work , the moles/gophers have left my garden alone after about 1 week of use . Highly recommended .
 We live in a park-like setting with lots of wildlife , last year was the first year that we had issues with moles in our lawn - and they made a MESS . I got one of these about 8 weeks ago - so far no moles have come back in to the yard . The other bonus -LRB- I ca n't for sure say it is the Pest Repeller -RRB- we have a huge issue with deer eating everything in the yard - at least in the area of the lawn the deer have not been - this is a real plus if in fact it is the device . While working in the yard you can hear the sound that is transmitted about every 30 or 45 seconds - it is not a bother , just noticeable . I waited to rate this to make sure I had enough time to prove it worked . I must also admit that we are using something on the lawn to elimitate grubs and I do think that is helping .
 Have been using the mole repeller for about 1 month and no new mole holes in the back yard . I plan on purchasing at least 1 more for the front yard . The moles in our neighborhood have been excessive this year but so far , this particular mole repeller has worked . Squirrels are another subject , they just look at it . We are very satisfied with this product .
 I have purchased these before . They are quite adequate in doing their job - scaring off the moles . I used to find holes all over my flower beds and when I have one of these operational outside , this eliminated the problem . Only reason for 4/5 stars is they often die after a year or so and then I have to purchase another .
 highly recommend this . we started having gopher holes about 4 months ago ... I ordered this on a 2-day hurry ship . we shoved it in the ground , be sure to shove it 3/4 into the ground . it sends out sound waves that gophers do not like . never had a problem again!very happy with this .
 Purchased 1 to see if it worked . Installed 4 days ago and it 's sent the ground mole 50 feet away . Back to purchase more to get them out of my gardens and lawn .
 After ten + years of living in our house I noticed some mole hills popping up around our back yard for the first time and they were especially prevalent over by our vegetable garden . This is despite having three dogs who do their business all over the yard . This led me to believe the urine-based deterrents currently available probably would n't work so I opted for a sonic/vibration option and thought a solar-powered one would negate the need to change batteries frequently.When the Sunforce 80001 arrived , assembly was simply a case of hooking up the molex connector and popping the solar panel onto the stem . I did note a DC outlet plug connector on the underside of the panel but it does n't seem to be needed , possibly it 's to allow the company to precharge the device before shipment or it 's a legacy part from a different model . Unfortunately there 's no way to indicate the device is switched on ; no LED light or button to press so I assumed it was doing its thing silently but chose not to bury it until I was certain it was working . A cursor amount of online research revealed it should make an audible noise , so after a few days of leaving it in the sun on our deck and hearing nothing I presumed it was DOA and sent it back for a replacement which Amazon handled as simply and efficiently as ever.The new one arrived and it was then evident the old one was indeed dead , as the new one makes a very clear beep around every ten seconds . So this one went into the ground ... and would you believe it - the moles absconded . Now , it could be a coincidence due to the increased activity of us prepping the area and planting for the season 's harvest . I really could n't say for sure , but I can say for certain that within two days of me sticking the Sunforce 80001 in the ground all evidence of the moles had disappeared.One star off for the DOA model but in all honesty ... I 'm a believer !
 The only problem some people may have with this product is following the directions given in the manual . It is so easy to put together ... you plug the male and female plugs together and put the wiring into the socket . Then put the top on and it is ready to go . What the manual does not say is that the battery has not been installed into the top . The battery is found inside the tubing and if one does not turn the tube upside down so that it falls out , they may not know the battery is there . That may be part of the reason that some people say this does not work properly . I hear a ` beep ' periodically , which I do not mind , as long as it keeps the moles out . When the beeping is no longer heard , you know you need to replace the rechargeable battery .
 For several years I 've been plagued by gophers . I have dogs that would like to help me root them out and so they 've had to be confined to a pen that has chicken wire to prevent the digging -LRB- the only time they dig is to go after the gophers -RRB- . My yard looked like it had the measles from all the gopher mounds and mowing was a real drag . I did get smelly things , tried all the organic methods I could find from garlic to peppers to castor oil sprayed on the runs -LRB- apparently they do n't like that -RRB- . There was no change . I just hate to kill them ! This little thing did the trick . I live in clay soil so I guess it 's helpful but the mole holes have completely stopped . There is no evidence left that they like my yard . I bought two and put them one in the front and one in the back but the gophers in the side yard seem to be gone too . I 'm on just under 3/4 acre . I think the change is these devices as the timing was right but as soon as it warms a little more here , I will know for sure . I 'm pretty sure already as I was getting new mounds of activity and they have completely stopped , so I 'm thinking these babies did the job . Yippee , no gophers ! Maybe I can let the dogs back into the big yard !
 The product arrived quickly , installed easily , and has done a great job of chasing away those pesky rodents !! It emits a high frequency sound so that you know it 's doing its job !!
 The Sunforce 80001 Solar Pest Repeller works as advertised . It started up straight way and has n't stopped all summer . True to published cautions , it does tend to attract creatures out of curiosity for the first day or so before repelling them , but that 's certainly not a defect of the product . We bought two of these to cover our somewhat large front lawn and I find it advantageous to move them around every few weeks just to ensure we 're `` marking our turf '' and not letting any of our little visitors get too accustomed to the buzzing that the repellers emit . I can recommend this product to anyone suffering from underground attacks as a reliable means of discouraging unwanted space invaders .
 It has the large solar cell surface and works longer time than other devices.Even after the dark , it works.It is great for us to have this device in our both front and back yards.No more problem by moles .
 Long-term report
 We saw that the gophers moved away by 20 ft. the next day of installing these Sunforce Solar Pest Repellers . We have not seen any new holes in a yard a week later . We have a large acre and half yard . We are trying to chase them into the neighbors yard , and hopefully they wont read this review and buy some themselves .
 I think it is working since we do n't have any new mounds , but -LRB- sh -RRB- my both of neighbors have new ones . So , I guess the moles have been tunneling elsewhere .
 Product was delivered on time and met my expectations ; I also purchased the adapter which you have to put a lot of force to attach it to the jug but it made refueling easier and more precise too . The jug works great and I would buy more when I need them .
 Great gas can does exactly what they advertise . It 's a little expensive but worth it . I 've bought many gas cans and this one is the last one!Contacted Powersports Superstore to let them know a couple tubes that are needed for the can were missing during shipment . The Superstore was FANTASTIC and send me replacement tubes right away !
 I had recently purchaced a truck and , was doing research on seat covers ... I heard good things about Coverkings quality ... so , I took a chance . After a couple of weeks , I was notified that my seatcovers had shipped ... there was no tracking available ... about a week later , another email ... this time , they were double checking if I had ordered the correct covers ... -LRB- My toyota did have a few seat options -RRB- as there are no returns on custom seat covers ... even though I was VERY specific in my original order , I verified the order as correct ... two more weeks passed ... nothing and , no tracking to fall back on so , I emailed them inquiring about my order ... and my package was on my doorstep the next day ... they fit like a glove !! Neoprene seat covers are a little pricey but in my opinion , worth the wait !!!!
 Very powerful for a 3/8 drive gun . So far no problems and dont see any inthe future . Alot of guys in my shop use these and they say that they have never had a any problems . This is the best price I have seen anywhere . Stop looking By it here .
 I 've had this impact for almost 8 years now . It still works as if it were new!Over the years I 've had to replace the trigger mechanism and directional buttons but that 's about it . $ 20 or so in parts and this gun is still running strong.My only complaint is that my anvil is starting to wear out and barely holds on to sockets anymore . I guess that 's what happens when you use a 3/8 '' impact to do the job of a 1/2 '' .
 I 'll stick with a snap on 3/8 next purchase because this wrench is too fast . I still give it a 5 . If you have the need for speed , go for it . But I warned you1
 IR product has lighter weight & better torque than any other products . Amazon has the best shipping deal and super fast too . All i 'd like to comment is the right choice that i 've ever made !
 I have had this for a year now and it has not missed a beat . It is light weight , fast , and powerful . I use it everyday at work . I would by another -LRB- if this ever failed -RRB- in a minute .
 Had my last 3/8 '' gun for 20 years , beat it hard at a G.M. dealership and it still worked great . Took it home for use there . Highly recommened this gun .
 This 3/8 '' airgun is unbeatable for pulling transmissions and doing work in places where other airguns are too big to fit . It 's got lots of power , and is light enough to not become a burden , even when doing a lot of overhead work . I 've used mine daily for nearly a year and a half now , and it 's never had any problems .
 Wonderful impact I use it every chance I get . Tons of power to be such a small package and lightweight . Love the fact the speed is easily variable .
 This little 3/8 impact wrench is the best when it comes to functionality and use . It beats all the other name brand ones in everyway from weight , torque , quiteness and feel .
 Nothing says , `` Hey , I 'm classy -- but do n't get too close ! '' like these traditional mud flaps . They 're high quality , they 're awesome , and they 'll make your girlfriend/wife/dog embarrassed to be seen with you . Everybody wins . These are bigger than others I 've seen for sale , so no one has to get too close just to be able to see the message .
 I bought these for my husband who wanted a pair . He has a Chevy Silverado truck and they fit fine . He had to use different screws b/c the ones that came with it would n't work on his truck . He loves these mud flaps & so do all of his friends !! LOL
 Good product , But I 'm not happy with the screws to attach the mud flaps with seems to be a industry wide problem , cheap screw material , it only been about six month and I 've got to change them out , I would be more then happy to pay a dollar or two more for quality all weather fastener , its do not make sense to me to sale a out door Item and provide inside fastener or non weather proof type fasteners , I do n't no maybe its just me .
 These mudflaps were made very well but do not fit a truck with dual rear wheels .
 My grandfather had these on his truck for as long as I could remember . My truck just did n't seem right until I found these and put them on my truck.Grandpa 's were AT LEAST 15 years old and were still in pretty good shape . I 've had mine on my truck for a year now , and the mud and road grime have n't made a dent .
 i love yosemite sam ! i have a cute little red pick up truck and yosemite sam is my theme . i have gotten several compliments on my new mud flaps !
 These were an awesome gift for my dad ! It was the perfect truck accessory for a man that LOVES his truck !!!
 I saw Yosemite on mud flaps over thirty years ago . Since then I 've had him on three different trucks of mine . These guards are tough , easy to install and maybe good luck . Good product .
 these fit great on my truck and look great . they are of very good quality and i will / do recommend these to friends . the service was very good and delivery was too .
 they look great , i love Yosemite Sam , that is why i ordered them . would reccommend them to everyone . i love them .
 I ordered these for my 2003 Toyota Tacoma . My wife does n't understand them ... but , I think they look great ! I put them on the back -LRB- for people to see -RRB- , and the original mud guards on the front .
 These mud flaps are just as I remember them being a 70 's teen . They are very ` heavy duty ' thick rubber not the typical cheap chinese plastic crap that breaks off after a year or so . These flaps are so good and heavy I will never have to replace them ever again and they are made right here in the good ole US of A. ... alright now , baby it 's a alright now !
 This was a birthday gift for my husband . He loves them . The installation was easy and they look great . You should get these .
 These mud guards are doing what they are supposed to do . They are preventing tire objects from hitting the vehicle and keeping it cleaner . I ca n't comment on the ease of attaching them as I had them put on a new SUV and the dealer did it for me . I waited only 20 minutes for this procedure .
 they are great mud flaps helps to keep the mud and stone chips of the cars paint work and helps to keep it clean . thanks bill
 Not much more you can say . Looks great on the truck on has a great message . Holding up well to the weather in Ohio
 I originally was thinking that I wanted the female silouhette flaps , but could not be any happier with these . I have wanted some of these since I was 16 and finally broke down and bought a set . They can slick up an old truck or add a sophisicated touch to a new car . These make great stocking stuffers too .
 Just love the ` old time ' cartoon characters . Get 's the point across with humor ! Got these in faster than expected . Will come back here often . Product was great & fit like a glove . Sure looks terrific on my truck . Very easy to install . -LRB- Even a caveman can do it -RRB- YUCK . . YUCK !!!
 The beauty of this short phrase is that it calls to mind all the most horrible dreams you ever had as a child . Having those same dreams as an adult is ludicrous , but funny as long as you are NOT having dreams about evil killer clowns . Everyone should have this phrase somewhere just to remind themselves that most of the time the world is not as bizarre as movies , television and books might otherwise lead you to believe it is . Just do ... not ... fall ... asleep .
 I put these on my 04 sport trac . I would reccomend theses shocks over the OEM . The tires stay where they belong . On the pavement . They have improved my cornering capabilities and limited body sway . Instalation was under and hour with no air tools . The ride is stiffer which my wife and I believe is an improvement from the soft OEM shocks . The shocks were also heavier and seemed better built the the OEM shocks , but I ca n't comment on reliability at this time . I 've only had these on the Truck about 3 weeks and have n't put them through heavy rain or Chicago winters .
 This is a replacement for the OEM front shock that came on the truck . It was easy to install and works great . The ride is improved an immeasurable amount .
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 This hood shield was a little bit harder to install than I thought it would be , but after getting it installed it looks good . i hope it lasts for a good long time .
 The order shipped quickly . The instructions , while fairly simple , were weak . The deflector mounted on my 2001 Tundra easily in about 1/2 hour with just a ratchet wrench and phillips screwdriver with no need for a second person to assist . It fits well and looks good . It is contoured nicely to the hood and extends over the parking lights on the fender without obstructing them . I installed it last evening , and this morning on the way to work , traveling at 60-65 mph , I got no flapping or movement at all . Time will tell how well it holds up , but it definitely mounts securely -LRB- the entire top of the grill holds it in place -RRB- . The only advice I have is to be VERY careful when you mount the adhesive protector strips and the clips to the hood . I dry-fitted both once the deflector was mounted in the grill and they seemed to be lined up with the holes in the deflector , but I still had to tap the clips in toward the center to align them with the holes to secure the outer screws . No big deal , and hopefully this advice will keep it from happening to the next buyer.EGR 304691 SuperGuard Smoke Hood Shield
 replaced out the originals.front shocks were shot . I have a dodge 4x4 1500 with a hemie and goodyear sts rubber . noticed a slight difference in ride . the truck always had a bit of a ruff ride.truck hase less lean in the corners now . feels firm . overall Im happy with the Monores reflex shocks .
 These work well on a truck for highway and towing . Stiffer than your average shock but not harsh . The valving provides a decent ride but are plenty responsponsive for trailer towing with a 24 foot gooseneck . Not sure I 'd use them on off-roading or trail vehicles though .
 Excellent product ... WeatherTech makes the best Window Deflectors by far . This is my second complete set - the first is installed on my Ford F-150 pickup -LRB- 10 years old and still going strong in the Florida sun -RRB- . Do n't even consider any other brand !
 fit my car ok , the mat is so so quality looks pretty good and covers up some of the cracks on the dash .
 I love this product , plenty of Velcro to fasten the pad down , wife loves it that 's all that matters , Definetly recommend it .
 this is great i have a 2001 pt cruiser and dash was all dry rotted and cracked i glued it together with what part i could find and then put cover over and it fits greay still hear radio fine ! i recommend anyone that need dasd cover to purchace from dashmat ! thank you Dan
 Received the product very quickly and was a good quality item . The item was exactly what I was looking for .
 Bought these to install on the back of a John Deere Z425 Ztrak mower ; I know they were designed for a car or truck but they fit nicely on the mower . Main reason I did purchase them was for the `` look '' the back of the zero turn mowers always looked a little strange to me with so much of the tire visible . They do improve that as well as keep things from hitting me in the back of the head -LRB- muddy water mainly would kick up if the lawn was saturated . They are made of a nice dense rubber , hose clean easily and after almost 6 months and 75 hours of use still look brand new .
 These mud guards look awesome on my new 2011 Ford F150 XLT Crew . The price was right on target and I installed these in less than 45 minutes . They are a heavy / solid guard and have no fear of them breaking because they are not the plastic form fitted guards . Mud , snow or rutted trails these will make it through not doubt ! Could n't be happier .
 Put these on my wife 's F-250 and it went in great . the mud guard is thick . I was worried the logo would be painted or cheap , but it is solid and will not wear down quick.A very solid and nice mud flap . You can mount to meet any application .
 These I have purchased for in the past . They are very rugged and look fantastic with the logo . They are very tricky to install and you need to measure very carefully to ensure that they are equal in length from the under-carriage of the truck and stick out the same distance from the fender/wheelwell of the tuck . They are easy wash and very rugged in their construction .
 I had these on my 2009 F150 supercrew , lasted a good 3 years . Bought another set for my 2012 supercrew . Very nice looking . Perfect size , EZ to install .
 Nice heavy duty mud flaps . They look great . Ford logo is molded NOT painted on so it should not fade . I would buy these again . Very happy with them
 I wanted some good mud flaps , not mud guards , for my new 2012 F150 . I went to a local dealer and they priced me over 100 bucks for just a pair . That 's not including installation . I searched online and found these . price was right . some of the reviews gave me some hope that these would actually be pretty good . I was hesitant . Did some more research . I decided to order these and see what happens . They arrived on time . Good quality construction . Ford label is solid not painted . I just had them installed . I am thoroughly satisfied . No more snow and ice on my running boards . I got a set of four and they are pretty awesome .
 good flap ... . seems to hold up well to heavy slush from the highways and has kept its shape .
 Nice , heavy duty mud flaps . Description made them sound like molded plastic , but they are more of a thick flexible rubber
 old style be best on an oversized van or pickup kinda gaudy looking on a regs size or style vehicle
 I purchased these for my sister to go on her truck and she loves them . They even look good on there .
 My husband bought these for our truck . He originally ordered two sets from somewhere else , only one set came in . The other set was on backorder . They said they did n't know when or if they would be back in stock . I had them cancel the order . I did a little looking around and found the same ones here on Amazon - cheaper . I now check Amazon first when ordering anything . They are almost always the cheapest plus they offer free shipping on many products !
 Perfect size for a full size truck . Flaps are well made and easy to install with the help of a flat parking spot and a small level.These plasticolor mud flaps have the 100mph test as well as the automatic car wash so they are good to go.Amazon.com was offering a $ 30 or so credit to orders when I got mine so it made it a very sweet deal
 I purchased this product for a 1500 Ram and it fits perfect . It was easy to install and looks great on a black truck . The mud guards do n't hang down too far where they will drag if pulling something heavy but are long enough to protect whatever is being pulled from the stuff that flies off of over sized tires . They are ' t made out of cheap material . It is a heavy rubber that has been holding up without any signs of wear and tear . They are n't too wide where they stick out the side of the truck and look funny either . I have had them on my truck for about 4 months and so far , I am very happy with the product .
 I installed these on my 2012 Ram for my Alaska trip . They held up well nut they stained from the Alaska mud and warped somewhat .
 I put these on my 01 Dakota and they great . For future buyers , they are 11 inches wide and 19 inches long . The set comes with 8 screws that I wish were a little longer but they worked . They 're mud flaps , they do their job well .
 these flaps do the job very well , they were easy to install and they look good .
 These work well and will fit a Dodge Ram 2500 4x4 short bed Crew Cab . Well packaged and new unused with prompt delivery .
 These mud flaps were an easy install , quick delivery , and they look good on our dodge ram 1500 . And the price was right .
 Works great , installed nicely . Looks a little smaller than I hoped on my 1500 , for but no complaints so far . Keeps the mud off .
 These mud guards were the size I was looking for in a rubber flexible materialthat should hold up well . I could not find exactly what I wanted but these willmeet the performance I need in protecting the truck .
 I have been looking for a good set of mudflaps for my Dodge Dakota , and these fit the bill . They are flexible , maintain their shape and are very easy to install . They are colorful and also look cool on my truck .
 Installation is pretty straight forward , I used a level , an awl and some duct tape to position the flaps while I marked the two existing fender well holes from the backside -LRB- the truck was on level ground -RRB- . Some mud flaps advertise they are pre-drilled which would have been handy , however you would lose you ground clearance adjustment . I also did not want to drill additional holes in my fender lip . I had to notch out a small inside corner to clear an existing wheel well return lip but was quite easy using a pair of aviation snips . The screws were a little small for the existing fender liner attach holes so I got some larger diameter screws with a washered head for better retention . I also added a third screw into the fender liner itself to assure they would maintain being parallel to the adjacent tire face in the wind . The mud flaps are fairly compliant and still seem tough enough to do their job without tearing , keeping the below door forward rocker noticeably cleaner than without . They also rinse off easily and take tire shine nicely . I am in TX and can not comment on how they respond in the Great White North . A decent price for logo flaps that are not too gaudy . I would buy these mud flaps again .
 I love Plasticolor products , I have matching steering wheel cover and floor mats in my Colorado . It comes with plenty of screws , which one this company some points . it 's not the best looking mudflaps I 've every seen , but they come pretty close .
 My daughter bought me a tee shirt with these same words down the front . The beauty of this short phrase is that it calls to mind all the most horrible dreams you ever had as a child . Having those same dreams as an adult is ludicrous , but funny as long as long as you are NOT having dreams about evil killer clowns . Everyone should have this phrase somewhere just to remind themselves that most of the time the world is not as bizarre as movies , television and books might otherwise lead you to believe it is . Just do , not , fall , asleep .
 The product `` fit '' review Amazon uses is fantastic . However , it said this turn signal would not fit my 91 Honda Accord LX 4DR SD . Well , in short , it will . The only diff is the signal stick is slightly closer to the steering wheel than the original one . I paid less than $ 20 for this thing shipped . The one withe the exact fit for my car was closer to $ 80 . So , after a week driving the car , I learned to not bump my big hands into the turn signal switch while turning the wheel . Not a big deal . The switch looks and works great . I am very pleased !
 Real easy to put on , and exactly what I was looking for ! They took 10 mins to put on . Perfect !
 you will need a right angl drill if you donot want to remove tires also a torpedo level to place under the raised letters works well good luck Dan
 The GMC Logo Easy Fit Mud Guards are definitely what I need to protect my truck from tar , stone chips , dirt , mud and any other muck I happen to encounter in my on road and off road adventures . I attempted to install them myself but found it necessary to have them installed at the dealership . The forty dollar fee was well worth it as it took almost an hour and a half for the installation . They had to remove the tires to properly align and fasten the mud guards . The price was right and the deal was made even sweeter thanks to Amazon 's free shipping but be aware you might have to pay for them to be properly installed . ~ The BossBRAIN DRAIN ADD ON
 Great Product . Came in perfect quality ! I would certainly buy again from this seller/company . This is intended as a gift , and the person I bought for will be very happy with it .
 needed to drill new holes to body . -LRB- was not a big fan of doing it at first -RRB- but i do like them
 I was looking for the specfic GMC form to the fender , So when it arrived We were preparing for the holidays and when I got around to opening it , was not exactly what I wanted but I will give them to some one else .
 Great looking boots . A little stiff a first , but getting better . A little slick when pavement is wet , still a great boot .
 This boot are really nice Heavy leather.The only thing I didnt like about them is the interior sole . I put some insoles in them made them alot more comfortable .
 The product arrived in good condition within the stated time . Had an issue where the fan wo n't work at speed 1 & 2 . Replaced the worn out resistor with this one and fan started working on all the speeds . The car I installed this motor resistor - 02 Honda Accord SE - 4 Cyl.The dealership wanted to charge $ 125 -LRB- part and labour -RRB- , part only was $ 100 . I got this for ~ $ 65 .
 As stated this was for my 2002 Honda Accord EX . Fan settings 1 and 2 stopped working but 3 and 4 worked fine so I knew it was the resistor . Popped this in and it works perfect now !
 The old blower in my car did not . Blow , that is . I would n't say it sucked , it just did n't do much at all.This new guy is quieter , blows appropriately hard , and came with all needed parts . It took maybe half an hour to install , and that because I did n't know what I was doing . I guess instructions for installation would have been nice , but the internet worked well enough .
 Blower fit was a perfect OE match but this motor is a little more noisy on low speeds than the factory motor was . I would still say that this motor is a good value for the money .
 My old blower motor began to make a loud noise on medium and high levels of the A/C or Heat on . It was quieter when I had it on Low . I was due for a new blower motor -LRB- and cabin air filter -RRB- in November 2011 -LRB- says the dealership -RRB- but the noise did n't come forward until the last month . Therefore , I purchased this new blower motor , and with the help of youtube videos and DIY internet websites , I managed to install this myself . It only took me about 20 minutes total . My old blower motor was pretty filthy and I felt very accomplished replacing it myself and now ... the noise is GONE !!! I hightly reccommend this to those who own a '06 Toyota Corolla .
 We have always loved the scent of the spice tree in our cars but it is not always easy to find . So happy I found these onAmazon
 Best street/autox pads a guy could ask for . They do n't need to be heated up when you need to just get up and go , and they work well when needed .
 Great looking boots . A little stiff a first , but getting better . A little slick when pavement is wet , still a great boot .
 This boot are really nice Heavy leather.The only thing I didnt like about them is the interior sole . I put some insoles in them made them alot more comfortable .
 It came just like it was pictured in a timely fashion . The only negative is the price to ship . It cost me more in postage than the item cost . Regular US mail would have been cheaper and just as easy .
 locally this would have cost me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . . I priced it . It was packaged very well so no damage during shipping . Shipping cost was reasonable . Item works great and was a breeze to install .
 These are very nice mud guards . Nice thick material , yet pliable , which will be very nice in the winter with ice and slush build up . Much better than the thin plastics ones at chain stores . Look very nice with the red bowtie on my truck too .
 i really liked the plasticolor mud flaps . the red bowtie catches your eye . everyone i have shown them to likes them . good quality product . i have not seen these on any other trucks in my area . i like having something different on my truck .
 bought a new truck and these are better than any stock item available , and they look great . 5 stars for thick rubber construction and length .
 I bought these for my Chevy Silverado 01 . They were very easy to install and look very nice on the truck !
 I love the design on them and they are a good quality product . I could n't buy specially molded mud guards for my truck because of the wide fender flares but these work great . My tires pick up alot of rocks and that cut my problem down more than half .
 These mud flaps are perfect.The red Chevy bowtie version are not available anywhere in Canada , so are rather unique.They mounted easily , and do not bend .
 The quality of the product is great , it 's a licensed GM product . Fast delivery . I live in a foreign country , it seems to me that they are a little expensive , buth worth the purchase .
 Great looking boots . A little stiff a first , but getting better . A little slick when pavement is wet , still a great boot .
 This boot are really nice Heavy leather.The only thing I didnt like about them is the interior sole . I put some insoles in them made them alot more comfortable .
 Perfect fit - works great . Maybe better quality than OEM ; time will tell . Not much else to say . one , two three for five
 At first , I was skeptical about spending $ 80 for wax -LRB- or glaze -RRB- in this case . I 've always kept my vehicles clean , but also always used normal off-the-shelf products bought at retail stores . I received this as a gift -LRB- per my wishes -RRB- and was excited about applying it . I clayed the vehicle , then use Zymol HD-Cleanse , per Zymol 's recommendation . After letting the vehicle sit for an hour so my arm could take a break , I applied the Titanium glaze . Let me tell you , if you are used to applying waxes with an applicator like I am , you 'll be wierded out the first tim you apply this . It did n't take me long and I was used to it , but it does seem like you are a kid smearing what appears to be oil all over the car ! The most important thing about application is making sure you do small areas at a time and immediately buffing with a microfiber towel . Also , a little goes a long way . Using pea sized portions to do a 2x2 foot section is key . Made a beautiful shine and gloss and makes rain literally roll off the vehicle -LRB- not bead -RRB- . Well worth the money ... and you get what you pay for .
 It does look better than the shelf products out there . 2 months into our first application and the water still rolls off .
 I have a black Nissan Murano , black Pontiac GT G6 & a brown 1983 F150.I wax them twice a year & that is all they need.They still bead up after 6 months . I put this on by putting a little in my hands , rubbing them together to warm it up and then apply it to the metal . I find that by waiting at least an hour before taking it off that the wax seems to last longer . After an hour it does not dry to a white haze like other waxes . I have used this wax since 2006 & I still get complements on my vehicles . It is not cheap and you donot need to pQut a lot on to do the job .
 My first impressions were that it was not worth it , but as I kept switching to a new microfiber cloth ... wow ! The car paint is slicker than ever and the water beads roll off and evaporate better than any other product I have tried ... so far . Well worth the price ! Looks expensive and yet one only needs a drop per panel to make it shiny and water resistant . The car looks brand new ... thanks to Zymol .
 I 've been using Zymol -LRB- Carbon -RRB- for years . 13 years actually on my 99 Escort ZX2 . i 've won multiple car shows with this car . now i 'm using Titanium on my 2012 Focus . best looking 3rd gen Focus in RI . maybe even New England . no wax finish lasts longer than this stuff . i 'll wax my car in early November , go through the winter , & it will STILL be beading in April . i do n't know any other wax that will last that long . it 's worth the money .
 Quality of this product is very good . It is a nice heavy duty fabric . The only problem is that it comes without any directions for installation . It fits very snug and causes fear that it will come off . There is no directions for what to do with the two tails of the elastic strap at the bottom . I did n't know how to tighten or secure them , to prevent the cover from coming off the tir .
 Stayed on ... no fading ... looks good!Affordable & fast delivery.I would recommend this.Good way to support your team ! & makes it easy to spot your car in a parking lot . . lol
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 Great looking product , however , it 's a gift and I have no idea what the scent is ! I am sure the recipient will be pleased because it 's hilarious , but it needs a better description from the seller .
 This air freshener smells pretty bad - I think its supposed to be cinammon ? - but I 've had Ralphie in every car I 've owned so I buy a new one of these every couple years , let him sit outside for a few days to get rid of the smell and then invite him in to my ride . Buy him if you want a laugh - do n't if you want him to make your car smell nice .
 I 've used Zymol waxes on both my Beemers for years ... wo n't use anything else . It works best when the surface is glassy , so using polish if necessary , and clay treatment before is best .
 Did just the trick to cover up my already existing Lexus Carpet cargo mat . I wanted something waterproof that would be custom fit and also have a lip to catch water , dirt etc. . This did just what I wanted it to and it looks great with the `` WeatherTech '' logo in the bottom right corner . Great buy !
 good flaps , mounted right up to my 86 4runner , I had to cut them a bit , and drill holes , but they look great , and are nice and heavy . They seem like they 'll last awhile .
 Nice heavy duty mud guards , that dont have goofy sayings or enblems on them . Easy to put on . I would defiently buy the agian .
 These mud guards are doing what they are supposed to do . They are preventing tire objects from hitting the vehicle and keeping it cleaner . I ca n't comment on the ease of attaching them as I had them put on a new SUV and the dealer did it for me . I waited only 20 minutes for this procedure .
 I could not find any mud flaps for my truck that were normal , you know not the Yosemite Sam ones or the ones that say BACK OFF LOL . I just wanted normal black mud flaps and these were the best I could find . I originally spotted them at a local 4x4 shop near me and they were very expensive so I checked Amazon . Sure enough they were less then half the price . They were simple to put on and look nice . I would recommend them to anyone . I have had them on for about a month now .
 My OEM mud flaps broke on my 2005 Tacoma . To replace the OEM mud flaps with a new pair cost well over $ 100 a pair ... These are a cheap alternative , and in my opinion work just as good . I would highly recommend !
 someone backed into my truck , insurance paid out 400 + on this and i got it for about 25 . works like a charm.and well worth the money .
 This light fit perfectly and looks like the original . Putting it in was a snap taking all of 1.5 minutes . Nice quality product that shipped quickly . I would definately buy it again.Update as of Feb 2013 . The Tail light still looks brand new . Glad I bought it
 This is a great product . I usually had before a spray of some kind in my car , but got bored of constantly having to pump the bottle in order to expecte a nice scent -LRB- this scent usually only lasted a couple of seconds -RRB- With the Extra-Strength `` Little Trees '' you just need to open the plastic cover and stick to the instructions on the BACK PART OF THE PLASTIC COVER and these babys will last AT LEAST 3 weeks to one month !!! You will always have a nice scent in your vehicle without the need to pump any bottle . -LRB- P.S
 I used this plug to replace one that I ruined when I tried to reshape the side contacts , which were rounded , and kept popping out of my lighter socket . This one has different shaped side contacts , and stays plugged in much better . To install , you need to unscrew the chrome fixture on the end , an aspect that may not be obvious when you get the thing . You will need to solder your wires , as this does not come with screw contacts . It 's a little tricky , and you may have to support your work , but you can do it if you are careful . Be aware that this plug comes with a fuse that may be too small for your aplication
 I bought a cobra marine radio a while ago and the plug completely fell apart after using for a few months . Contact manufacturer and pay $ 20 for a replacement plug of the same poor quality ? I think not ... I ordered this plug and the repair was quick and easy . I recommend wrapping some electrical tape around the wire you pull through the rubber flexible piece to make sure it 's snug . Also , tie a knot on the inside of the plug so that the wires wo n't come out if you accidentally pull on them too hard . Soldering is pretty straightforward , just make sure not to mess up polarity
 This is a good product - works perfectly and meets all my requirements . Helped me rebuild rather than replace a cigarette lighter accessory .
 This is a good quality cigarette lighter plug with led . I give 4 stars because is good for skinny wire about 24 gauge .
 For the price , these are fair replacements for my damaged ones . Having a LED is helpful to know that my cooler in the back is receiving power . I am pretty handy with soldering , so the fact that it requires soldering is not a big deal but others might prefer screw type connections . I wish that someone would come up with more substantial type connections of that auto manufacturers would provide a means of connecting accessories that has better connections and capable of higher amperage . Where else can I power the cooler ? It would be a lot of work to drill through the firewall to connect to the battery . I have a 300 watt ac converter , which is a fairly small draw , that can not be connected to the accessory plug , which has 15amp fuse .
 This product seems to be of decent quality and the price for the entire assembly -LRB- motor plus fan blade -RRB- was cheaper than any I could find for just the replacement blade -LRB- all I really needed -RRB- . It fit perfectly into my vehicle and has been working as good as the factory original for the past month - no prediction on longevity or reliability since it has n't been in use very long .
 Great product that allows me to run both my GPS and Radar detector on those long trips . The size and flexibility of this units increases it 's options for use . The price was reasonable and I would recommend to anyone who 's looking for a dual dc adapter for their vehicle .
 This tire gauge is simple to use and helps the car owner maintain their vehicles . This tool identifies uneven wear and helps you save money by finding potential problem early .
 I have a boat with 1960 motors in it and I was tired of changing and cleaning the points continually . Because of moisture , when the boat sat for a few weeks I would have to clean the points . The Pertronix kits installed in a few minutes and the motors fired right up . I am a happy boater once again .
 Installed the electronic ignition in my '84 Mastercraft before going on vacation . It took less than an hour and that includes retting the timing . The improvement over the points was remarkable . Boat ran flawlessly for the entire week . Should have made the conversion a long time ago . The kit comes with the rotor . I recommend purchasing a new distributer cap as well.Service and price thru Amazon was excellent as always .
 Look great and heavy duty as well . Should really look nice on my truck . Great price on them as well . Would recommend them to any Chevy Truck owner !
 I spent an extravagant amount of money on other clothes and what-nots for my 17 year-old son for Christmas . What did he like the best out of EVERYTHING ??? These mudflaps ! I 'm happy if he 's happy !
 These mudflaps are easy to install . They are made of very solid fiberglass . The red Chevy bow-tie looks great on my truck .
 ITEM ARRIVED AHEAD OF SCHEDULED DATE , THE PACKAGING WAS PERFECT FOR PROTECTION , MUD FLAPS WERE BETTER THEN I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE AND STURDY . WILL HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS PRODUCT TO EVER CHEVY OWNER .
 Thanks , these work perfect on a 98 blazer . got 4 worked perfect easy install , with drill if u got one ! have had for about a year , seem really nice held up so far , still got the red and everything !
 THE QUALITY OF THESE MUD FLAPS ARE FAR BEYOND THE ONES YOU PAY TWICE AS MUCH FOR , THEY SHOULD STAND THE TEST OF TIME , GREAT PRICE AND LOOKS .
 I had plasticolor mudflaps on my 1/2 ton pickup since I bought it new in late 2001 . I finally have to replace them after the babe spun out in an ice storm and hit a guard rail . It took three 1 '' diameter steel cables to ruin them . Otherwise they would STILL be on the pickup . That 's 10 years ! What 's the last product you 've owned for 10 yrs. , that was still in almost new condition ? Especially when it takes the kind of abuse they do ? Salt , gravel , sand , -22 degrees , 98 degrees , etc.The molded in color does n't come off , or wear out.I wish I could give Plasticolor products 10 stars !
 Mud flaps installed quickly and easily . They have been on for 2 months with no complaints .
 I installed `` Freedom Design '' Shock tower brace on my '99 Mazda Miata . I did this in hopes that it would stiffen up the car . It made a huge difference ! The car feels more solid . However , where I really noticed the difference is in the reduction in cowl shake while on the highway . Installation was really easy and looks fantastic . The engineering and fit and finish is amazing for the price of the brace . I have seen other braces for twice as much that did not look as nice as this one . After installing it I went for a ride on some back roads that had a lot of twists and turns and it felt very crisp and solid through the turns . It has drastically improved handling and stiffness of the car and I would recommend this to any other Miata enthusiasts out there .
 This tool worked perfectly for the job I was doing . It was n't really the tool called for but still really did the job . I had it the next day after ordering .
 I have used this tool 4 times already and it as not let me down . It made to make your job easyer . Its nice to do a job with the right tool
 Worked wonderfully and got the job done . word word word word word word word word word word word word word
 I purchased this spanner wrench to remove the hydraulic tilt caps for a Yamaha 115 outboard . The spanner wrench came with right size pins for the job . Although , the wrench does need to be modified by grounding down the inside edges . It also works form the trim cylinder caps with no modifications needed . I am very happy with the tool , it is study and works as advertised .
 I am disappointed that this tool is made in China , but the quality was good . It is extremely useful and was needed to properly hold and torque a crank pulley . I had to torque it to 135 ft/lbs and this held it there quite well . It comes with many pins to hold various pulley sizes . If you work on cars or even need to hold a pulley once it will pay for itself . Normally you can blast off crank bolts with the impact wrench but torquing it back is much harder without moving it . So this is essential .
 the spanner wrench was for a nissan car but it worked really well to remove bearing at the bottom of clothes washer after i cut 2 inches off . but happy with it because it was 40.00 cheaper than sevice manual for washer wanted
 I have had this tool for years and it has been great for use as a spanner and a holding tool . Like another review read the long pins seem unstable but they have lifetime warranty so use with confidence . Also excellent for hydraulic cylinders too .
 I received this product in a timely manner and was pleasantly surprised by the fine quality and craftsman ship . I highly recommend this product . The extra tips make for perfect sizing .
 Should have bought this a long time ago . Would have saved me hours.Very sturdy tool . Stronger than the picture looks.Used it on my motorcycle rear swingarm axle where it required 76 lbs/ft . finished the job in 30 seconds.Highly recommended .
 Was originally looking for a specific toyota tool , but found this . Was skeptical at first but ordered it with 2 day shipping . Arrived next day and was exactly what I needed .
 Works as intended . The product could be slightly improved by rounding the metal edges so they are more comfortable in your hand when using . Otherwise it gets the job done !
 I used this tool to disassemble the hydraulic trim cylinder on my 2004 Yamaha f225 . It worked great . I did have to grind the tip of the tool a small amount so the piston would not get scratched . I highly recomend this product .
 Another well made tool for removing the harmonic balancer or removing pulleys . Used it on a Toyota Tercel . It can also be used with other cars .
 Needed a Spanner Wrench to remove the top seals on my Yamaha 250 Outboard . I had to grind a little off the inside to get the spacing right . This Wrench worked perfect for this application . Has the exact size pins to fit the top of seal glands of the tilt and the trim . Very please with purchase .
 This tool saved my behind many times doing timing belts on toyotas . there is nothing difficult about using and handling this tool .
 Is very Sturdy and has Potential to fit many applications . Worked on my stubborn project Perfect - without Fail !
 I used this tool to hold the crank shaft pulley still while I tightened the bolt that holds the crank shaft pully on . I replaced the timing belt and you have to have this tool or the mitsubishi tool to hold the pulley still . My car is a 2003 Mitsubishi Eclipse GT V6 . The tool comes with several sizes of pins . It did n't have the correct size of pin that I needed , but I used the biggest pins that it had and by rotating the tool , I got the slack out of it to hold the pulley still . It was a little hard for one person to hold the tool and torque the bolt , because the pins are pretty small so the tool wants to easily fall out without taking your hand and putting pressure against it to hold it in . With two people , this was not a problem . I was happy with this tool , it allowed room for my socket to get to the bolt and this tool was a lot cheaper than the special Mitsubishi tool . Plus I can use this tool for other vehicles since it comes with several different sizes of pins . This tool saved me money and that was my goal .
 This seems a really well made tool set . If you work on hydraulic cylinders or aircraft struts , you might need this tool kit .
 Im a professional technician and this is a great tool to have in your arsenal . Its cheap and it will get you out of a jam if you dont have the factory tool to hold a pulley or sprocket . I use this for torquing camshaft sprockets and to hold the water pump pulley on so the fan clutch can be removed . By the way , this wont hold subaru cam sprockets . Ive used it on a bunch of chrysler products . The case says OTC and Toyota , so its made for toyota but works on most anything . its not the sturdiest design but it works .
 I 'm impressed with this tool . It has 10mm holes at the end of the `` fork . '' That means it can be used to hold the 8 and 6 mm bolts on the crankshaft pulleys on Mazda , Mitsubishi , and certain Volvo engines , while you 're removing and tightening the cranckshaft center bolt . That 's a plus making it more versatile than its original design purpose , which it can also do.The only thing that I would do to improve it is to use a `` prevailing torque '' lock nut or at the very least , a nylon lock nut on the center joint rather than just a serrated flange `` whiz '' nut . I used red thread locking compound on the nut to keep it from being lost , tightening it enough and locking it in place just tight enough to hold it in place , but still allowing the moveable to be swung with a light force.Overall , I am satisfied with this tool . The factory authorized specialty tool would be more expensive .
 OTC seems to always hit the sweet spot between overpriced , but high quality dealer specialty tools and something you made yourself by modifying something from Harbor Freight . I have always had great luck with them in terms of both quality and functionality . I 'm not a professional , but I do work on a lot of cars . My tools definitely get a workout . In this case , I do n't think the pictures do it justice - this holder is a hefty thing . It includes adapters to work with a variety of pulleys , whether they have a bolt hole or not , and the ability to add extra leverage with a 1/2 '' drive breaker bar is very welcome . Without the breaker bar , it 's fairly compact and small enough to fit in a variety of locations . It was exactly what I needed for holding both cam pulleys and the crank pulley after replacing the timing belt on a Chrysler 2.4 l. I wish I had bought this thing years ago !
 I am a self admitted tool freak , I buy one , hopefully a good one , when I find a need for it.I broke the variator fins on a honda scooter clutch assembly , trying to not buy this tool , and was hoping to get by with a `` Presidential Solution '' of my own making , and I shoulda , oughta just bought this to begin with.Basically , it has multiple pin sizes to fit any size spanner hole , all thread in , all are well machined , and well made , the handle assembly is built very heavy , not harbor freight junk , and it comes in a usable hard plastic case , that hold everything tight , and free from falling out when moving it.I think this is sold as wrench for cam shafts , but its a perfect one time buy for any pin type spanner situation.A GOOD PRODUCT , I am 200 percent happy .
 It 's definatly worth buying for the time savings and keeping the skin on your nuckles . I also like that veriable pins so you can use for may different years and models of car not just Toyotas . I also like that it has the ability to add a socket wrench or breaker bar for extra leverage .
 I only really write reviews when I get a surprise and in this case it was a good one as there is a level of quality to this tool that I was not expecting . Not much to say other than it is what it says it is and that it seems very well made .
 I cant speak the strength of the fitting , while U have used them I have not used them on anything out side the normal strength requirements.however I did use the -LRB- bar -RRB- with just some bolts of a smaller size threw the holes , and the bar won . its some great steel to hold up to what I did to it , and that is not what its intended for .
 These arrived quickly and were easy to install . Great ! Look great on our new pickup . Great price too ! . Could not be more pleased .
 These are very good quality pads . They are riveted and full size , not glued like parts store ones . I will use this vendor again !
 Hawk HPS HB294F .646 These Hawk HPS pads are designed for the front brakes on 1998-2002 Ford Panther platform cars -LRB- Grand Marquis , Town Car , Crown Victoria -RRB- . Hawk makes several brake pads for street and racing applications . The HPS and Performance Ceramic are intended for street applications , while HP Plus , Blue , and a few other lines are intended for racing . The racing pads create a lot of dust , do n't last very long , and produce a lot of noise in certain instances . Hawk is just a brand of Wellman , who makes lots of friction materials for heavy-duty applications . These are my second set of Hawk pads and Wellman 's customer service is one of the best I have seen in the industry.The Hawk pads always come with a logo sticker , high temp grease , and the pads themselves . The HPS pads are supposed to be a more performance oriented pad material compared to the ceramic . Based on a lot of feedback , the Ceramic pads actually produce more dust than the HPS but the HPS has better stopping power overall . Ceramic pads are generally designed for longevity , they have the tendency to wear down rotors in some formulations . The HPS friction materials are advertised as a Ferro-carbon material , or more commonly known as a carbon metallic compound . The benefit of this material is its ability to mitigate heat . They do n't tend to play well in cold situations though.The Hawk pads are supposed to employ the Noise Reduction System -LRB- NRS -RRB- technology that uses a lot of tiny hooks in the backing plate to retain the friction material . In the past , manufacturers relied on adhesives or rivets which can break apart . I 've actually had one set of Raybestos pads break apart because rust developed in the backing plate causing the adhesive to give out.I installed the HPS pads very easily and applied high temp grease to all the backing plate surfaces that would touch the pistons , calipers , or anchor plates . You want to do this to reduce squealing/harmonics/vibration . I 've never experienced heavy dusting from HPS pads in the past and they tend to perform very well at high temperatures . At cold temperatures , they do n't stop nearly as well as when they 're hot , but it has not bothered me at this point . Usually after the first few stops leaving a subdivision will heat them adequately.The most important part of installing new pads is the break-in or bedding procedure . If you 're re-using rotors , use some sandpaper to clean up the rotor surface . The reason is that brake pads leave a film of friction material on the rotor surface . This is what the pads rely on rubbing to stop the car , it 's not supposed to rub directly into the rotor surface . The bedding procedure is typically 10 stops from 30 MPH with moderate brake pedal pressure . Allow it to cool a little but never come to a complete stop . Then perform 3 more stops from 45-50 MPH using harder brake pedal pressure . By this time you can usually smell the pads ! Try to park it somewhere for 15 minutes without coming to a complete stop using the pads - usually coasting in neutral in a parking lot then letting it stop is a good way to go . This will reduce the chance of getting flat spots on the rotor which is commonly known as `` warped '' rotors.Pros
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 Great product ! Have used many mud flaps over the years and these hold up very well . The product is made of pliable rubber , not the hard plastic that gets permanent warps . Easy to install .
 I 've purchased this item in the past for other vehicles . Extremely durable , easy to install and good looking . Reasonably priced . Excellent product .
 As the Product Title states , `` Easy Fit '' Mud Guard ... seems to have both the necessary strength and the flexibility to trim out the moulding and stay put . The included wide rim screws are helpful -LRB- think there 's 4 per flap -RRB- but I used a combination of rivets and the screws . Thought the rivets would hold better on the plastic trim . Could be useful to have a steel stabilizer bar as wheel wells are seldom flat ... to span a one inch recess , I mounted an angle bracket and riveted the flap to it .
 I purchased this on July the 3rd . I priced it versus the auto parts stores , and it was fifty dollars less.Great product.Easy install .
 This was a god send , since the local auto parts only had the motor and not the fan . It was easy to install and everything fit perfect . I was surprised that the support bracket came with the product . Once installed and plugged in it was great . There was no wiring or special equipment needed . Everything was attached before installing . I would highly recommend going this route first .
 Product fit perfect in a 1998 Dodge Caravan like it stated . Perfect replacement . Heat it kicking out good now . Great product , would recommend .
 This blower motor is well worth the money . It 's not quite as quiet as the original one was , but it 's not like it drives you nuts and you think , `` what a rotten deal I got . '' Considering all the shopping around I did , including junkyards , this was the best deal .
 I replaced some Autozone wires that lasted one year . They are junk , but these NGK wires are awesome . Highly recommend
 My car is awakening again with this wire set and fit perfectly on it . Better impossible . Thanks a lot ...
 The fan is a direct replacement . This fixed the problem of the fan not working and the noise associted with it . I suggest also replacing the blower motor resistor . THe headache with the install is a result of the fact that the van is poorly designed . Good luck .
 If your blower motor needs replacement and you are mechanically inclined , I recommend this product . It fit perfectly and has plenty of power . This fan is in my wife 's car and is running a lot . Great product !
 I bought a blower motor for a 2003 dodge caravan . The item was brand new as advertised and blows like the wind . Will buy from this seller anytime !
 Great blower fits perfect 2002 dodge caravan.I replaced my older blower which was actually working but was pulling more amps and kept blowing the fuse.Once I installed this blower it all worked just fine.Remember to replace blower and fuse at same time
 I am very happy with this replacement Blower Motor for my 2000 Dodge Grand Caravan . The only modification I had to make was on the male connector from the new motor since it was not compatible with the original female connector on the vehicle . I simply cut off the male connector from the new motor and spliced the old male connector from the worn out motor . Used the usual wire nuts and taped each leg real tight with electrician 's tape . Black wire to Black wire and the other color to the other . The price was less than half of what the local Auto Supply Store quoted me and I received this item 4 days after I ordered it with FREE SHIPPING .
 What a good deal and a perfect replacement part at about half the cost at a dealership or an auto parts store . I am very pleased with this purchase from this seller .
 Super quality Bendix Pads at rock bottom prices.Fast delivery to UK too.Excellent service , pleasure to do business with.Well done to all involved , many thanks .
 I picked this up last winter for my '86 Honda Elite 250 . It was easy to mount-probably 15-30 minutes , no drilling or cutting needed-the instruction sheet is a little vague , look online for some pictures and you can figure it out . It 's big enough to give good coverage and it extends to the sides to provide some hand shielding as well . The orange running lights make the edges of the plexi glow at night , which looks kinda cool . Nice quality plastic and fasteners . I thought I would take it off after the winter but now I find that I like riding with a ` screen all the time . I think that makes me an old man ; - -RRB-
 We even found some big a $ $ 4x4 tires with flames on the sidewalls to match ! I think they are made by Cooper .
 I received these and they look good . Look a little small for a truck . I guess we will see if my husband likes them when he opens them on Christmas .
 I have yet to install these to my SUV bcuz I got body work that I need to do to it first but these are excellent especially for a tweety fan . I love these mud flaps and cant wait to use them . I SAY YOU ARE NEVER TOO OLD TO BUY YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER ITEMS/MERCHANDISE . IF YOU SEE BUY LOL
 These were a Christmas gift for our son-in-law . He will be able to get good use out of them . Good quality ! Thanks .
 These are inexpensive but very durable . I installed them on a 2004 Ford F-150 Supercrew in less than 30 minutes . The self tapping screws made the job easy . They have kept alot of snow , dirt and rocks off the side of my truck over the past several weeks .
 A Xmas gift for my brother for his truck he got all on his own . its cool to have 'em
 I have a 2000 Ford Expedition and these are a good addition . But , they are short , I was hoping they would reach down more but its good enough
 I thought they would have the Ford emblem on them , so when they arrived I was a bit dissapointed , however I still love the look of them on my car .
 mud flaps look good , function as needed and the price and delivery were quite acceptable.Would recommend them to other people for their auto
 Good value and easy to install . I have purchased these mud guards in the past and would recommend to anyone .
 I had someone install these on a new 2012 Chevy Malibu which really set off the car and prove to be very functional .
 The Flaps were easy to install . Looks like durable rubber and should last a few years.I am happy with them for the price . They will do the job .
 I chose these great Chevy mud guards as a gift for my husband.I was so pleased at how fast they arrived.They were just as the description had described them and very durable.My husband was very happy with the gift and ca n't wait to put them on his newly built 1967 Chevy pickup .
 These mud guards will look so sporty on my tannish colored Chevy Silveraldo . The gold bowtie is the right compliment to go with the color of my truck . Good quality mud flaps at a great price !
 This was fast , easy , got it in time -LRB- it was a birthday gift -RRB- . All around an excellent transaction .
 Dayco makes good stuff . Dayco 89006 is a smooth pulley . No hardware included ; use your existing.They also have a great website which allows you to look up the correct part number for your vehicle . Do not rely on distributor 's stock photos and stock descriptions when ordering anything . Get the part number from the manufacturer .
 Purchased 2 of these for my '94 Astro van . This pulley replaces the idler and the belt tensioner pulleys perfectly . Took me maybe 10 minutes to swap out . My local shop wants $ 179 to replace both , saved a ton of $ $ $ doing it myself . Great product .
 2000 Ford Taurus LX . Hello ! Yes , this is the little devil that is making that `` noise '' and it IS the smooth idler pulley , NOT the tensioner pulley , which , by the way , is smooth also ! Keep the washer and bolt retainer ring -LRB- if one -RRB- for reinstallation on the new bearing . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- to look up and confirm the part number before ordering . The tensioner , Dayco 89233 Automatic Belt Tensioner , comes with a pulley attached . I suggest replacing this pulley , the tensioner assembly , and the belt all at once . See my review of the tensioner for replacement procedure and tools needed .
 The price was right and they shipped when they said . The product fit perfect and was quieter thjan the original .
 I bought this item to fit in my Chevy Silverado 97 k1500 . This replacement works and fits like the original one . I , m so pleased to recommend it .
 This item is pretty straight forward . Unplug the old , plug in the new . Snap back in place . Done ... . great fix for either front door . Fast and easy fix on my 1993 GMC Sierra C1500 SLE .
 I bought this because the price was significantly less then the local O'reilly Parts . O'reilly carries Gates , which I usually prefer because of the known quality of there belts , but the pulley for this application are made in Canada with the bearing made in China . The Dayco I received was made in USA with Canadian made bearing . The Dayco pulley is identical to the stock pulley I removed from my 2001 Explorer 4.0 l SOHC . Works as expected .
 I bought this replacement belt tensioner pulley to replace a failing one on a 2005 Ranger with the 4.0 sohc . It 's not noted in the description but this is the one you need for a the Ford v6 . I had I bought this one because it qualified for supersaver shipping and the price was good . these are not usually stocked in autoparts stores , they only have the whole tensioner setup .
 I put these on my 03 Dakota and they look great . I used 2 of the self tap screws that came with the flaps and had them installed in a short time . They are rigid enough to flop in the wind , but flexible too .
 Only took 5 minutes to install both sides . Quick and easy and they look good .
 I installed these on my 2012 Ram for my Alaska trip . They held up well but they have discolored from the Alaska mud and have warped somewhat .
 I bought these for my Dakota . They were easy to install and look good . They came with mounting screws as well . These mud flaps are not too big or too small . They are just the right size . They have a little flexibility which is nice . They carry out the required task .
 this item is , just as in ad and quality is excellent , easy to install , and would recomd it to dodge truck owners
 I thought they be bigger as they were for a truck , I installed them and they look nice on the truck
 Easy fit , looks great , and does what they need to do . I 'm so happy I got these for my hubby for Christmas this year .
 This was a great buy ! I would recommend these for anyone wanting to spruce up their Dodge vehicle . Processed and shipped in a timely manner ! Great Buy !
 Easy to install if you have the hardware . Luckily I had some spare screws from my workshop . Have a great day .
 Altho i ended up having to send them back as they were n't able to fit my truck , they came in record time during Christmas and were very nice .
 These are relatively easy to install , but I had to mess around with my old wipers to figure out how to get those out so I could put in the Trico 22-1s . It 's not exactly intuitive , but then again , once I understood the basics of how the wipers hook in and out , it did n't take more than a minute to slide them both into place.The wipers seems very solid and durable and snugly hug my windshield .
 Thank you Amazon for offering the Trico 22-1 Exact Fit Wiper Blades ! These are wonderful windshield wiper blades , easy to install -LRB- and remove too -RRB- and they really do a great job !
 Well made , exact fit . Better made then the originals.Easy to install.Clean well , contour to the windshield very well.I would recommend these .
 I purchased Trico Exact-Fit blades for one vehicle so far and they work fine . Perfect match so they were easy to replace , and they work fine . So far I can not tell any difference in performance compared to OEM .
 I was surprised by how fast and easy the replacement was . This blade fits and works like a charm . I would definitely purchase this model again .
 We ordered several sets of wiper blades from Amazon . The Trico Exact Fit Blades are a very good product , BUT
 feels great , fit my 645ci great . very comforting and smooth . car looks more aggressive and stable in hard turns.no need to modify anything , it fits perfectly fine .
 Less expensive than most of the other options -LRB- half the price of the OEM unit -RRB- . It comes with the fan attached so you do n't have to bother transferring that from your old unit , and a new gasket is supplied also . Had the old unit removed and the new unit installed in 5 minutes - works great ! .
 The Westin roof rack system is clearly worth the money . It has already paid for itself in convenience and use . Surprisingly , it has a substantial load capacity that I have taxed multiple times in just a year.It is installed on a Honda CRV in the OEM roof mounts . Installation was relatively trouble free with the exception of the flexible skid strips . They do require a bit of care and effort to install , but it just requires some patience and attention to detail.It is a smart looking assembly , with clean lines . Westin uses stainless mounting bolts , rather than cheaper plated or painted . A good choice .
 I ordered this to replace the tensioner pulley on my 2007 Toyota Tundra 5.7 L that was squeaking on startup . Very simple to install and even had the same numbers stamped on the back as the factory one .
 Fits 2003 Honda Accord , easy to install when changing serpentine belt . Look on web and Youtube for experience , instructions , and videos . Stopped my squeaking from the old pulley .
 Just what you would expect . A great replacement part of OEM or better quality .
 i bought this vest for when i ride on my kawasaki ninja . Even though this vest does not fully cover the belly , it still offers great protection . While i do not know if it is bulletproof , i do feel it will protect my ribs and spinal cord if i were to fall off my bike . I had someone punch me and i could n't feel a thing . Great vest , cool design and worth the -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I did n't buy this vest on Amazon but I do own it . Great back protector . You will forget you are wearing it most of the time . I would like for there to be some shoulder protectors that you can connect to this main piece though ...
 I bought it for my husband . He 's 170 pounds , fit perfectly , looks nice , elegant and is very comfortable . Other riders stop and ask him where he got it from . He love it ; feel his back and chest protected . I recommend it . Other places is more expensive .
 Icon Field Armor , Regular , BlackThe Icon Field armor features an articulating spine protector that uses plastic rivets . The front chest area has a padded and rubber protective layer for the center of your chest . There is some foam padding to protect your ribs , but not enough to cover the lower abdomen and kidneys.The Field Armor fits me well since I typically wear Large jackets , but I had to do some adjusting to get it close enough with only a few areas that still feel loose . It is low profile enough to fit inside my Large Cortech jacket , although you can see the ` hump '' from the spine protector . The armadillo-like back protector needs to be slightly longer to cover more of your lower back.I have my doubts about the spine protector lasting a long time , but it does offer more protection than just wearing a soft jacket . I wish there was more padding for the ribs and lower abdomen.After talking with experienced riders , a general consensus was that extra protection is always a good idea as long as you 're using it.Overall
 Saved me from serious injury many times . This is my hospital ER deductible money and it was well spent!I bought this shortly after my first crash . man do i wish i had this vest before then . i didnt have serious back injuries just bruising and one serious back road rash . Since then i have fallen 3 times , all with this vest on . i learned my lesson . the spines are nice and wide , strong hard plastic , only minor scratches and a few minor dents are visible . the padding is sweat-breathable so its not so sweaty on hot days here in palm springs . keep in mind this is still palm springs and its still sweaty regardless.after my second crash i had a local tailor sew this into and under the outside of my jacket . the front peice is missing now and unneeded however the back is really the most important part and i still use it even after the third crash.Keep in mind this is not Iron Man armor . this doesnt make you invincible . I was lucky with my crashes because i wasnt doing anything truly stupid and even then it didnt save me from every injury . but if you know how to tumble and when to bail or not to bail you will most likely like this vest and survive.Well worth the money .
 Well I have had this vest for 3 days and have yet to break a sweat in it . Breaths great and protects me if I go sliding on my back across the pavement . What more can you ask for . Great hard plastic shock absorbing back and overall great product .
 I ride an R1 in Texas , and this vest is AMAZING for summer riding and makes some great winter insulation . It 's comfy and fits good . It will save your back and chest for sure . I wear mine over a t-shirt and strap on some quality elbow pads . Keeps the temp down and your skin from coming off .
 First let me say that finding out Amazon ships most -LRB- all that I 've searched for -RRB- ACDelco parts for free is really great . I 'm a GM junkie , and there 's a certain satisfaction installing the same stuff that the dealer would on your car.As far as the belt , it fit my 2000 Silhouette great , does n't squeak , and runs all my accessory pulleys . What more could you ask for ? ACDelco quality is second to none . Very happy with this belt .
 I use this quick sleeve to stop a auto transaxle leak on my Toyota . Heated it up a little with a heat gun and tapped on with a large socket , no problem . With a new seal it has n't leaked since .
 These blankets are great , warmes up in a very short time and stays warm for awhile after the timer shuts off . Can turn the timer back on if you want to stay warmer longer.Even tho it is a good size throw , it wouldn &#34; t hurt for it to be a little bigger.All around I would still give this blanket an A + .
 This blanket heats up almost immediately and gets nice and warm very quickly . Nice to use while waiting for the car to heat up . There is an auto shut off feature that must be reset after 30 or 45 minutes . Not a problem , just restart it and stay warm . One blanket opens up to cover 2 people . It was totally worth the money . I bought one for my daughter and I just ordered another one for myself !
 Great blanket to use when out camping in the cooler winter days . Kept me and my family warm many nights .
 I bought this blanket for my wife so that when we ride our Harley motorcycle in winter months , she can wrap it around her . It does not blow a fuse and keeps her quite warm . We also use it when riding on our Kubota RTV . We have had this blanket for about 6 months with no problems . The cost is minimal compared to some on the market .
 My wife was always complaining about being cold on trips in the off summer months in our R.V. . Now she 's as happy as a warm puppy !
 I ca n't tell you what a lifesaver this blanket is . I live in Utah where the winters here can get pretty cold . It definately makes going outside and riding in the car easier to handle . I love it so much , I 'm going to give my mother this for Christmas . She suffers from bad arthritis in her legs and feet which is a bad combination when the cold hits her . One of the things she loves , is heat . Even sometimes in the summer she prefers the heat in the car . This of course is not easy from my dad since he 's the complete opposite from my mother where he likes the cold . My parents often go on car trips for a few days to get away , and I can see where this may fit in because the heater from the car wo n't be on so much so both my parents can be comfortable.Thank you so much for this product Amazon ! : -RRB-
 I sleep in my van on weekends during the ski season . I turn the blanket on , to warm the bed up , before i get in . Then again around four in the morning when it gets really cold out , and it works out great . I am pulling directly off of the main battery and in the morning with a freezing cold engine there is pleanty of power left in the battery and the van srarts with no hesitation.good stuff .
 Great for cold bones in the car !! Fast delivery Large enough to cover the seat or cover up with . Soft good quality . A solid product .
 Love this blanket ! It 's soft & flexible . Warms up fast . I use it in the car to warm me up before the car heats up . Sometimes lay it over the seat and flop half over me . Sometimes just lay it across my lap . Bought 2 more for friends . Has a nice carry case to keep it in . Did n't get it till after the bitter cold winter was over , but I 'm sure I 'll love it even more next winter . And ----- it was inexpensive . A blanket like that for your bed costs 3x as much !!! My friend uses hers indoors also -- she purchased an adapter . Also would be great for long car rides when you do n't want the car heater blowing all that hot dry air ! Love it !!
 Just what I wanted in time of emergency . Good quality built to last . I am so glad I order this tiem
 I bought this because my daughter has Reynaud 's and is constantly cold in the car during winter . My daughter stays warm and I do n't have to keep asking if she is warm enough .
 I purchased this for an ant who has fibromyalgia . She hates the cold chicago weather and it keeps her from going out . Now she has this to keep her warm until the heat really kicks in and she loves it .
 I received the product within in time . Installing it was easy and worked as a charm . Very positive experience overall !
 Great product . Used in combination with the recommended bracket . Fits really good and made a noticeable improvement in handling on my old 1987 Chevy Astro .
 The exact color of the tractor . Brushed on evenly . Made the paint job easier.Will continue to use this paint for future projects .
 My 1998 Ford Expedition 2WD was very scary on a windy day , near impossible to keep on the road , now with my new Ranchos installed it drives GREAT even in 30mph wind and rain we had last week.The cost of these was very reasonable and installation was simple , product included all hardware and mounts , no instruction sheet .
 My Ranger trailer uses the Larger 23 so . My mistake was thinking that they only made one size so after learning this lesson hope you can learn from me . also you will need to order the bra covers seperate . these are the best made their is other types and those leak . these dont spend the extra buck and buy the best no regrets .
 Have Two places to plug in your MP3 , voltage Tester or GPS where you once only had one .
 Okay , I know there have been a few negative reviews , but for the life of me I ca n't understand why . I mean I have a 1995 Ford Taurus and this fits perfectly in my car and does what it is supposed to do . I have a radar detector hooked up to this and I will be hooking up a GPS unit shortly . So I have no complaints . It works fine and for the price you ca n't pass this up . If you want to blow your money then feel free to pay for a more expensive unit , but they all do the same thing .
 the thing works just fine . I 'm just a little sour because I neglected to take measurements and investigate whether it would physically fit in my car . It does n't . Be smart . Measure twice , buy once.I ended up giving it away as a gift to someone whose car does allow it to fit , and it works just fine . No problems with it other than the fact that the picture makes it look a lot longer than it actually is .
 Arrived really , really quickly and was exactly what I was looking for ! Excellent service . Will order again soon in the future .
 Device works as intened . However , I would have like the option to move it in either direction instead of the fixed on-way motion .
 I use it with extension cord to charge batteries in bed of truck it works use to charge two batteries
 Works as intended . Needed a splitter so we could still charge our phone and run an emergency yellow light during snow removal when our truck is used as a plow .
 Fast service , and product was as described.like the vent hole in the thermostat to let the air out went refilling coolant .
 i installed the timing chain arm since march and it is running ok for the lst 2000 miles . nice and cheap .
 Bought this filter to end having to purchace $ 10 Fram air filters every couple months and for added power and fuel economy . I have a 2000 Dodge ram van 1500 with the 5.2 l v8 -LRB- 318 -RRB- and before when using the standard disposable filters I never really noticed a difference -LRB- in power and economy even if I paid the $ 3 - $ 5 more for the Fram filters over the cheap ones -RRB- I finally found one of these K&N filters in stock at Advance auto parts for $ 40 and decided to put it in -LRB- right in the parking lot -RRB- . Just pulling out of the lot , I did a quick test and felt the difference in power . I cut my 0-60 time down by a second or so + the engine roars instead of humms when I hit the gas , even with the stock exhaust . As far as I know all dodge ram vans from the 70 's all the way until 2003 with the 3.9 l v6 , 5.2 l v8 and 5.9 l v8 use the same air cleaner and filter size , so your pretty much set as long as you do n't have one of the slant six models . The filter is pretty expensive , but is reusable and makes my engine actually sound like a v8 , instead of some guy making a low humming sound . I do n't know exactly how much power this filter actually adds but it helps when passing some grandma who likes to sit in the passing lane doing 10 under in her mini van .
 Ive bought 3 K&N filters and theyve all been worth it , and buying through amazon was even nicer because it brings the cost down greatly if you feel like you will have the vehicle for two or more years it 's totally worth the investment .
 MPG improved - I was getting 8MPG before , not I get about 10mpg . The filter replaced was very old like 6-7 years old . Please note that we just purchased this van week ago . Car was sitting in the garage for 4 years . No major issues but tune up is needed . Hoping Changing sparkplug , plug wire , brake tune up help improve the MPG to 13 ~ 16 .
 I bought it for my car . Fits exactly as original to my honda CRV 2000 . Good quality . Perfect shipping.received exactly as discribed . Satisfied with this purchase .
 Now it is Just like new . It came fast and fit perfect . I would recommend this to anybody looking for OEM replacement .
 I 've used these harnesses as well as the GMOS-01 harnesses over the years to today as I install radio 's professionally . I 've always ordered the GMOS-01 and GMOS-04 harnesses on here as where if you go to a retail store to purchase it . Cost is well over $ 100 . As for the other people 's negative reviews on this product , claiming the harnesses are defective . More than likely it was human error to why they never worked for them . From as I 've seen in the shop I use to work in and from what I see when I get called out to a customers house for a onsite repair . With the GMOS-04 , people tend to automatically declare there harness being defective , for a couple reasons . One they incorrectly wire up there constant , accessory wires incorrectly and wont power on . Second -LRB- most common -RRB- problem to typically hear is that sound isnt being distributed to all speakers . As for the GMOS-04 , obviously seeing you had 4 RCA hookups for your audio . Common do it yourself installer will have a headunit where they wont have the dual -LRB- front/rear -RRB- preouts on there headunit . If you go low grade or not careful you can buy headunits that only have Rear/Subwoofer Preouts -LRB- no front -RRB- and thats it . Obviously only getting half the audio and confusing the consumer and creating frustration thinking the harness is defective . As well there is audio adjusting screws for not just the door chimes but for the output for the audio and the screws are plastic and extremely fragile.Best thing I recommend for this product is to take it to a professional installer .
 First of all this is a necessity for installing a car stereo anymore . With all the various configurations in newer cars you do n't want to go in and just start cutting plugs and wires . More specifically , with the Bose Lux models of GM trucks -LRB- mine is a 03 Denali , but I think Z71 's and Denalis have this setup -RRB- it is required . The way the factory amps and head units talk on these vehicles , you need this adapter to wedge an aftermarket stereo into the equation . If you want to go fully aftermarket , you 'll need to bypass the factory amps and subwoofer with new wiring , and install all new speakers.That said , now that it 's installed it works great . The gain knob on mine increases and decreases the stereo volume nicely , though the chime knob does n't seem to change the volume of the `` you left your keys in '' chime at all . Maybe I 'm listening for the wrong chimes.Be aware that the instructions for this unit are very lacking . There are no photos or diagrams , and the directions are vague at best . I have installed a dozen or so stereos in my life , so I know a bit about what to do , but this was still slightly challenging . The biggest issue is actually that they have upgraded this harness over time -LRB- though there is no indication of WHICH GMOS-04 version you have received -RRB- and they have not updated the directions . So there are wires on the harness that are not mentioned in the directions.Of particular note , I also bought aMetra Axxess ASWC Universal Steering Wheel Control Interface -LRB- Black -RRB- which is made by the same company . They were nice enough to actually do most of the wiring for that unit for you in the GMOS-04 . In fact if you buy both you will only need the box from the steering wheel control - the plug -LRB- assuming you get a newer GMOS-04 -RRB- is already integrated into the harness . You simply combine the ground wires and hot wires and then plug in the box . While this is convenient , the directions from both products made NO indication that the harness was there . The only way I figured it out was noticing the similarity of the extra plug , then tracing the wires according to the directions from the steering wheel control , and determining it was what I thought it was . Even then , I crossed my fingers on startup to see if it actually worked ! -LRB- it did -RRB- Also , the harness had a wire for `` parking brake '' and another for `` reverse '' though I had read online my truck did not have these available at the stereo connections . The parking brake may or not actually go to it , but with my stereo , aPioneer AVH-P4300DVD 7 '' In-Dash Double-DIN DVD AV Receiver with iPod/iPhone Control , Pandorathe parking brake needs to be on , off , then on again . So this was not possible with that wire . The reverse wire did in fact work , so the magic of the wiring harness comes through again.As for the parking brake scenario , for that particular model -LRB- and probably other Pioneers , maybe other brands too -RRB- , I was unable to access my parking brake sensor , so I installed a single pole single throw non-lighted switch on the wire , then ran that wire to ground . Mounted the switch on the dash , so now when I need video on the screen -LRB- only when parked of course ; video while driving is really dangerous and very illegal -RRB- I just flip that switch on and off and it works . The system needs to see ground , but ONLY AFTER the unit is powered up . Simply running it to ground without the switch will not work .
 Using this with Clarion NX-702 and worked perfectly !! Lot 's of instructions , but basically you match the same color coated wires to the radio harness and connect them . Then snap the two adapter plugs into your existing car stereo plugs , and your good to go.One thing to watch out for is if your adjusting the On-star Chimes !! the adjustment screw , is also the same screw to adjust the stereo 's gain -LRB- sound -RRB- , so make sure the radio is off when your adjusting the chimes , or you 'll notice the sound of your radio is different -LRB- lower , or distorted -RRB-
 I installed this in a 2005 Chevy Silverado 2500HD with OnStar and Bose.The trick is following the instructions . Read all of the instructions before you begin working on wiring your harnesses together . There are wires from your aftermarket head unit harness that go to both of the GMOS-04 harnesses . Yeah , looks like a disaster when you have it completely wired up.Installing in the dash requires patience . Make sure you map out where you 're going to hide everything in the dash . I had plenty of room , but if I installed a double-DIN or had a smaller vehicle , I would have been forced to think a lot more before bolting in my new stereo.On the plus side , I can control the OnStar volume as well as the volume of the alert chimes now ! I have them both turned all of the way down . I do n't use the OnStar , but if I choose to in the future , I 'd like to have the capability still resident in my truck . As for door chimes , I do n't mind being reminded when I leave something on , I just want it to be very quiet and not wreck my hearing.If you 're worried about this , I do n't think you should be . Follow instructions , do your homework -LRB- some videos on YouTube of installations -RRB- , and be patient . Works flawless .
 After you wire it up , make sure to adjust the OnStar and Volume Gain Pots . After a little adjusting , the sound quality is great !
 This product is worth every penny for the right installation -LRB- i.e. if you have amplified existing system - for me a Bose stock upgraded Chevrolet Silverado 2005 truck with OnStar -RRB- . Trying to replace the stock system without this is difficult , even if you are ok with losing functionality of door chimes , RAP -LRB- delayed stereo powered on after turning ignition off -RRB- , and OnStar -LRB- worth very little to me , as I do n't pay for the service any more -RRB- . It also displaces the need for a 24-pin wiring harness , so you save $ 15 there and the instructions work very well . The biggest thing is getting a cable that interfaces the preamp outputs to the amp inputs in the existing system . I was seriously looking at having to pull the stock amp and speaker routings out without this unit .
 This devise does exactly what it was supposed to do . Made installing Pioneer AVIC-X920bt in my Hummer easy .
 This is the second attempt for a wiring harnes for a 2004 Grand Am with the monsoon sound system . I first bought the non OnStar harness not realizing that it was also for a non amplified system . The GMOS-04 is the correct harnes but it has more wires than needed because of the OnStar option . It worked out great , you just have to pay extra attention when wiring .
 This item made the install very easy and saves a lot of time . Without it the RAP and Onstar would not work .
 Great harness for my 2003 GMC pickup truck . It does not give reverse signal . The reverse signal may have something to do with the fact my truck does not have navigation as a factory option . The illumination wire never gave me 12 volts no matter what I tried . It was easy enough to wire myself . Metra gives great customer support via email . Everything else in the harness works great . Especially the ability to lower the volume on the door chime .
 After buying the wrong items from a retail store my husband found this and it works wonderfully . Arrived on time and it was just as described
 Easy install plus easy to read instruction . Had no problems with the install of this harness glad theres guys like you to sell thing that make install easy for the novice installer .
 Makes stereo install painless and retains the integrity of the factory wiring harness as well as the door chimes and other factory features that now integrate with the audio system of the vehicle .
 Great product of you are trying to keep factory settings while still upgrading your sound system . Installs just as easy as any other wiring adapter for an aftermarket stereo . Bonus feature , prewired for the ASWC adapeter !!! which i also bought so saved me from having to wire that .
 I installed this on a 2004 Chevy 2500hd with Bose system . Worked great was easy to install . Took less than 2 hours to install .
 This was what everyone said we needed and it worked for the most part in our car . Better price then what the local stores quoted .
 it made all the connections for a stereo to bose , xm , and satelite . You need another interface to have steering wheel controls though
 works good so far but dont like the fact that it displays the sat radio on the dash now other than that easy to install
 I was afraid that I would screw this install up , but this harness was simple . You just have to know what features you are installing or not installing .
 I purchased this for $ 36 when they cost approximately $ 150-170 retail ! Absulutely essential if you plan on installing an aftermarket stereo system in a GM car ! Retained all chimes and OnStar capability ! Also adjustable chime volume and RCA output level . Great product !
 Product was exactly what I needed and worked perfectly when installed . Appreciate having a working radio in the Suburban again . The kit was complete with everything shown in the picture too .
 I ordered a Clarion CX-501 for my wife for Christmas . It arrived along with the GMOS-04 today . I 'll update this review as I get things installed , and try to map out what to do with the wiring not mentioned in the instructions . More in the coming days but so far it looks like it makes the job much easier . IE , no hacking into the factory harness for anything . However , the images are somewhat misleading . There are no RCA cables in the kit as pictured . So far , 4 stars . That will go up or down depending on how efficient the GMOS unit makes the install go .
 Just include information on what other harnesses you may need to install everything into your vehicle . I did n't order the steering wheel harness , as I did not know I needed it as well , and ended up waiting another week to have it all installed .
 This made my nav-deck install work perfect . I was worried going into the project from some horror stories I read about Bose systems , nothing to worry about with this . Most of the people who had problems with the Bose systems tried to hard wire the aftermarket stereo to the factory Bose amp and it does n't work that way . It is a tight fit under the dash with the double din head unit , this , the HD radio module , and the steering wheel interface , but it does fit in my Suburban .
 Was extremely easy to install for someone who has installed a radio before . Works perfect to keep the Onstar and Factory Premium sound system .
 Onstar interface works as expected . I replaced the stock stereo and installed the Pioneer 930 and was able to make the steering wheel controls and Onstar work together .
 Door chimes and onstar work great , had to adjust the volume a few times , but sound good to me . Only thing is that car factory alarm is way more sensitive . Goes off for any door opening without hitting unlock button first , but not a problem at all .
 Ca n't say much other than this after market products appears to be well made , fits and is working as expected . Beats paying few times more for the factory part .
 Alot of notice in power increase in my 93 s10 2.8 v6!I actually did a burnout ! But beware of the urges to hot rod ! Blew my engine after burnout , K&N ; Filter for Sale less than 1 hour of mileage on the filter.ROFL . Thruth . It was a peice of junk .
 I have been using K & N filters on all my cars for years and will continue to do so as long as they are available . This one replaced a stock filter and fit perfectly . The one I have on my 4Runner , after 120,000 miles of better than advertised gas mileage is still working great .
 Got this for man van and like it . Gives my baby a little boost of power and got it twenty bucks cheaper than part store
 Product came with clips , screws , and a simplified installation guide . The clips fit rather well in the pre-designated areas under the hood for a 2004 Chevrolet Trailblazer LT. The product was received in excellent condition as well -LRB- no visible damage or imperfections were noticed on the product -RRB- . The guard gives a nice look to the front of the vehicle after installation .
 This Item arrived ahead of schedule , it was in perfect condition , was very easy to install and looks great on my vehicle . Very pleased with the price and the product
 The tape works well . I used it on my saddle bags . So far it sticks and the exhaust has not burned it .
 used this on the bottom of my saddle bags on my cruiser tape seems to stick to the bags very well and keeps heat off of the bottom of my bags very well.would recomend this product to anyone looking for protection from heat .
 I insulate the bottom of the seat on my motorcycle to prevent heat from drifting up , and this is the stuff I do it with ! Nothing is worse than a hot bum on a nice ride , so stay comfortable with HeatShield Thermaflect tape !
 I use this product on a 1995 Firebird , covering the gas lines underneath the hood for extra protection and it worked great .
 Excellent product . . easily adheres around wires , tubing . And just about anything ... great heat shield ... I would recommend . . will purchase another roll for my other cars . .
 The insulated tape was perfect for my application . Tried a lot of other options till I found this . Perfect !
 I used it on an axle shaft sealing surface that had some rust pitting from sitting . It is a precision fit and I 'm very happy with it .
 It was quick to arrive and it was a perfect fit for my truck . I recommend this product to other people .
 Seems to work , but only time will tell . It 's a little stiff so if you have to wrap it around a small diameter it tends to unwrap . This could be a problem for some . I folded it over on itself to insulate a wire and it worked . Not elegant but functional . I also covered some wires that were close to headers . Time will tell if it works .
 I used this on the bottom of a flat screen TV as the TV was mounted above a fire place and about 4 '' past the mantel . The LCD was getting REALLY hot . I taped the bottom of the TV and have my fingers crossed it will reduce the heat . I do n't have a way of measuring the heat underneath the tape but am hopeful this will work .
 I loved the seat covers that were supposed to fit my truck , but they did n't take into account that my seatbelts are built into my seat . I would have loved to have these in my truck ! : -LRB-
 Help 56411 Cigarette Lighter AssemblyA postive , a negative , and the right fuse and you got a good light .
 Like all other K&N products I 've owned and/or used , I have no complaints . It filters well , is pretty easy to clean -LRB- when necessary -RRB- and is well built . Since I 'm using it as an exposed filter , it has the added benefits of looking nice when compared to a standard paper air filter .
 I do n't give fives except in extreme cases.K & N ; get a five.These air filters work . Their claims are not puffery . I put one in my V6 truck 180,000 miles ago , have cleaned it at every oil change , and have spent a total of about $ 100 on air filter and supplies on the day I installed the filter and $ 0 since . Put one in my classic Firebird , and '78 V8 400 truck as well.They pull a lot of dirt out of the air , they do n't clog easily , they 're not hard to clean or re-oil , they allow air to flow freely.adding : I 've sold the old truck @ 200,000 miles to a friend who drives it every day , still using the K&N ; installed over 10 years ago . I do feel it gives a minor increase in power and efficiency , as the cloth filter impedes air flow less than the original paper filter.One will be installed this weekend in my 2010 Tacoma Pre-Runner . Stats
 I installed this shocks on a 1997 Tahoe 4x4 . You can feel the difference , so smooth , yet strong for bad roads . Feels like riding in the air , no squeaking . If you 're planning to buy them , I definetely recommend them , you will not be disapointed
 Works like a charm ... Dormanis good stuff , not junk imported from China . Push comes to shove , it works ... good stuff . .
 Yep while looking for something else on line this popped up and it was just what I needed for my leaky one . When replacing it I only lost about a half gallon of coolant . Just a hint do n't open the radiator cap while changing it .
 So after like a 100K miles thought it was time for Coolant change but original drain cock broke right off . This replacement took care business . Fit perfectly and easy to change .
 Great replacement , probably better than the original , and cheaper than the Ford replacement part . The good thing about this drain cock , is that it can only be finger tightened - unlike the OEM part , which will break if you tighten it with an Allen wrench .
 Quick and easy to install . Color match and fit both perfect . I would definitely recommend these to anyone in hot sunny climates that can crack your dash .
 This is the third Dashmat I purchased on Amazon . It is the same quality you get from the original website , but tax free and free shipping . Arrives ahead of schedule . Only setback is the lack of adequate Velcro attachments you receive with product . I have to augment the velcro to make a snug fit on the dashboard . My first one was purchased to hide cracks in the dash . Now buy them on newer vehicles to prevent cracks from Sun exposer , especially in sunny Southern California . Overall a great product .
 Purchased this dash mat to protect my dash , and remove glare.When you install the mat , let it sit without appling velcro strips for a day or so on youre dash.The mat will then lay flat , and remove the rolled packing affect.Also free super saver shipping from amazon .
 The Pros on this Filter , are that it definitely increased air flow , allowing my engine to breath easier , and the cost for a lifetime filter , was reasonable . It creates a different sound when the throttle is opened up , like a throttle body opening up without a filter at all.The Con part of it was how it fit . Everything was okay , EXCEPT for the height , which is about 3/16 an inch too tall and the breather lid will not close completely , leaving a tiny gap near the top , all the way around . I suppose I could crush the filter slightly to make it fit , which I probably will do . But the idea of a filter specifically made for that breather , and still not fitting exactly , and for what it cost , is a con to me . With the filter drawing air from the engine through the tiny crack all around under the lid , it allows engine heat to enter , although not much . As I said , I could probably just crush the filter slightly , and it will work . It is just the principle of the whole thing , it should fit without crushing.Overall , I am happy with it , with the increased air flow and it does add some power to the engine .
 I replaced the FRAM filter in my CJ5 with the K&N and have noticed an increase in response .
 Got my Foo Fighters GI Joe Logo in a timely manner and they were in great shape - thanks !
 Brought this brand because of its `` Carbon Ceramic '' ... the material is use for exotic luxury cars.So far the brake pad works excellent ... I am an aggressive driver and my past brake pad were `` just ceramic '' -LRB- name brand pad -RRB- had worn quickly and I am hoping this pad wo n't worn out .
 I gave it 5 stars even though I had one complaint.First the product is beautiful!Very well constructed.Heavy Duty construction.Installation easy.The complaint however actually is in its installation.It is held to the original factory grill by four clamps and allen bolts.Even though it is held tight , you can see the 4 chrome allen bolts from the outside.They are chrome and blend ok , but they do show . The grille looks factory but the 4 allen bolts showing do not . It seems it would be relatively easy to devise a better way of installing without having to have the bolts showing.Anyway it is a beautiful addition to a plain looking grille . Looks like a Denali !
 Great price , like new , fit like a glove ... What else can I say ? I need to write at least twenty more words so here are a few more . Dumb wording rule needs to be changed . I 'll see if this is enough words now ...
 Fit my 2006 Mini R50 with no problems . These rear pads work well ... just need to get used to the longer stopping distance with the ceramic pads . It may just be with the initial usage , however . Am happy with this product so far .
 This is not the thick insulated type fire sleeve , but seems to be good quality and will provide flash , abrasion , and some heat resistance . It also returns back to nominal size well after stretching to pull over fittings , etc. .
 I wanted to lower my truck to get better gas mileage , improve braking/cornering and make loading easier . I do n't drive it on anything worse than a gravel road so less clearance is no problem . I also installed the full Eibach lowering spring and shock kit.The shackles are well made , work well , and do n't cause any clearance issues while lowering the truck 1-2 '' -LRB- two choices -RRB- at the rear axle.My 2008 F-150 had a really good spring rate stock in the back and I wish I would have installed these shackles before trying the lowering springs since they are much cheaper than any other choice for lowering . I could have made the truck somewhat lower and just about level with the shackles , keeping the very good stock ride quality . The lowering springs are fine too , just a lot more expense and hassle.For those curious about the springs and shocks . They work well on the street and do deliver better handling/braking and around 1 mpg improvement -LRB- 19 v. 18 -RRB- with a minor trade in ride quality .
 Obviously a high quality product . Installation was a little tricky . I used a tractor with a front end loader to pick up the rear of my truck to adjust and install .
 I have used the bag -LRB- black color -RRB- since 2008 . It is the perfect size for my Honda CBR 1000 . My previous bag was a little too large . The clear map cover has not faded from sunlight . The cover -LRB- flap -RRB- has 2 inner pockets which are a very nice addition . The bag expands after pulling the zipper around . The bag stays on the gas tank very securely with the magnets . The bag shows no wear after 1 1/2 years .
 They took a little more than 5 days but they were great when I got them installed on my car .
 These are great seat covers . Look like leather and they are easy to install . I have n't had them long so I 'm not sure how they will hold up , but they look and feel like leather and are really nice looking and fit great I 'm going to buy the backseat covers next .
 Have been using K&N filters for 10 + years . Now in 3 muscle cars and 3 trucks . They do a great job of letting the air flow for more power and better gas mileage .
 Too bad the maker of this product has seemed to gone out of their way to prevent people from finding it . This is a hard item to find . It fits a standard 3/4 '' automotive heater hose perfectly . I was able to build a custom heater bypass hose using this . It is very strong and will never warp or deform like cheaper products.BTW
 I was lucky to find this product not many out there any more for this chevy vet . it was new in the box great stuff
 Just what my bike needed and at a price I could not find in the stores . Worth every dime .
 ... I somehow ordered the wrong spark plugs . I got the same number from my old ones and somehow managed to order different ones . Yeah ... oh well , these are cheap , only out a few burritos.Product is great .
 I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner at a good price.Thanks you , John
 Parts arrived very soon after order . They have not been installed yet , but appearance is excellent .
 This is a good plug . I got it to replace a cheaper plug on a small motorcycle and it fired right up and worked great .
 This plug worked fine but on the first use my son crashed his scooter and fractured his hip on the maiden voyage with it . He is selling the scooter . But , hey , the plug really worked great !
 I looked everywhere for these plugs . And they were so expensive . Finally found them here at a great price . Thanks .
 I use these type for an off-brand motorcycle , and I am glad that Amazon had them in stock . They are a great value for their price and again the availability will make me a repeat customer for the product . As for the performance , my bike runs fine , so I have no complaints .
 purchased these plugs for my 1995 R100 Mystik BMW motorcycle . I have never had a problem with them , work great and last for a long time . In fact the only reason I had to replace them was that somebody stood on my bike and broke one .
 Does everything a sparkplug should do for a good price . I used this in my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 . Shipped quickly .
 Fast shipping and fits my '79 XS1100 Special . Runs great now . Plug was gapped perfectly upon receipt , lucky or coincidence , I do n't know , but it was . Thanks again Amazon .
 Ordered this for my kids Hammerhead GTS 150 buggy with a GY6 150CC engine . The go cart dealers all wanted almost triple what I found these for here on Amazon . With my prime membership they shipped 2 day for free . These plugs install and work just like the original .
 I get a very nice spark with this plug on my 67 Mini Cooper . It keeps clean requiring little maintenance . I did need to gap it so make sure you have a gapping tool - they are very inexpensive.I 'm unsure why this is called a `` Pack of 1 '' , and so for the sake of clarity - you get a single plug with the order and not the box of 4 that you sometimes see in stores.Very satisifed with the purchase . Prime eligible makes this very affordable .
 I used this as a replacement spark plug for my 1977 Honda XL75 . It fit perfectly and the bike runs just fine .
 This spark plug is very good and order came ontime . Now a days generator is a must because weather is changing and power outrage is so often
 Using this on my 1973 Honda CB350 and it is working great . Great power and I have never had any problems with them .
 Bought this for a 1994 Club Car DS . Works great . Shipped quick as always . Tough item number to find out there .
 There 's no excuse not to use high quality parts when you can find them at great prices on Amazon.com . I tried using another manufacturer 's `` equivalent '' , but it just did n't deliver the spark that the original NGK plug did in my little ATV . The `` other '' plug was brand new . In fact I had ordered two and tried them both . Neither would fire the engine . When I plugged in the NGK , the engine fired up on the first kick . I 'm sold and think you will be too !
 Ngk makes great products and plugs . I have never had any problems . I will keep buying their products year after year .
 I purchased these for my Harbor Freight 950 watt generator , they were a two pack and the price was super , the shipper had them in the mail the day I ordered them . For this Thanks , now one is running the generator when I need it and I have a spare . Good stuff
 Bought these for a '82 Kawasaki KZ440 and they worked perfect . They were clean and were gapped correctly . The best part is that the terminal connectors can screw off -LRB- this was needed for my bike -RRB- . The B7ES plugs -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- I purchased from Walmart do not screw off and I wasted my money on them . Glad I found these on Amazon & with free shipping it was practically a steal . Very happy .
 2000 Jeep Cherokee - I did n't realize how bad the ride on my jeep had become after 110,000 miles until I installed these new shocks . Jeep rides much better and I do n't see the suspension travel as I did with the OEM shocks .
 I am an oil engineer with an older pick-up truck -LRB- diesel -RRB- I use regular oil and the engine treatment , very very impressive results , you must use this product with your next oil change , the engine runs very smooth , easy starts , generous amounts of additives will keep the oil going twice as long , it does very nicely for me.This is a good product and must be recognized for its unique formulations of PAO , ESTHER , MOLY AND PTFE . They will extend the life of engines considerably and play a substantial role in friction coefficients and help run the engine easier therefore extending performance and longevity.I recommend this product for all engines , 4 stroke , gasoline and diesel .
 As a sales director who drives frequently , I place about 25,000 miles per year on my daily driver which is a 2004 Tahoe with about 112,000 miles on it . It runs as smoothly and quietly as it did when it was new thanks to MPT Engine Treatment . I have been using MPT Engine Treatment for about three years in all of our family vehicles -LRB- Tahoe , Corvette , Jetta , BMW 325 -RRB- . The Tahoe gets about 2 miles more per gallon of gas with MPT and the other cars see an improvement in gas mileage as well . None of the cars burn oil . I use synthetic motor oil in three of them -LRB- the others use conventional motor oil -RRB- with the MPT Engine Treatment . I change the oil every 3,000 - 5,000 miles and add about one ounce of MPT per quart of oil . I also use another MPT product , MPT Gear Treatment , in the manual transmissions in the Jetta and BMW . The transmissions shift more smoothly and are less notchy .
 Before deciding to install this yourself , get a Service Manual for your car . General manuals do not have enough information . Read it going through all the steps to replace the parts . There are no instructions with the product . Know it took two people a day and a half . Some old parts will have to be placed on the new . Such as the top of the shocks . The bolt clips are taken from the old rear stabilizer bars to be put onto the new . Strongly suggest you wear eye protection while trying to put them on . If they pop off , it can be dangerious . Also be prepared to persuade some parts into place . Either a big hammer or the floor jack works . There are two things the kit should have included . Coil springs insulators and camber plates . Is the kit worth it , yes . The cars lost all the sway or dip when cornering . It gives the confidence to push the car on a twisty road . A down side is that you may want new cushions for your car seat . You will feel all the bumps in the road .
 No matter what it fits , K&N is the only filter . Clean it every 50K and put it back in . Cost is minimal after first investment . Keeps less debris out of the landfill .
 A bit on the expensive side , but it fits perfectly -- I mean it looks like these seat covers were put in by the car manufacturer . Tight and relatively easy to put in . Some install steps are much easier with 2 people doing it . Openings for side airbags are a nice touch . Overall , esthetically pleasing , perfect fit and functional .
 Worked perfectly to accompany my Monroe 71798 Sensa-Trac Struts , along with the Moog K6404 Rear Upper Strut Mount Kit , of course the spacer still needs to come off of the old strut if you use the parts I did , if I did not already have the struts I 'd have went the quick strut route.So if you do not already have the struts , just order the quick strut for the rear , if you have a 96 ' Buick Park Ave with ride leveling is MONROE Part # 171798 , you should still get Monroe AK43 Monroe Strut Accessory Kit , the old bolts could be reused , but these bolts/nuts being only 10.00 here on Amazon they are not too expensive to replace .
 Nothing exciting about this product . There are two high strength bolts , along with a pair of washers and nuts . These replacement bolts can save a lot of hassle when you are replacing your struts , though . I installed these for the front and rear struts on my 1999 Pontiac Bonneville . If you 've yet to replace your struts , getting the original strut mount bolts out is no easy task . Striking the knuckle where these go through with a hammer does help to knock the old bolts loose , but they can be very difficult to remove , and in the end , you might end up mushrooming the tip and/or damaging the threads . These are very important fasteners , so using damaged bolts is n't the greatest idea , especially if it causes a sub-par alignment or tire shop to not totally tighten your strut bolts because they just stopped when their impact gun stopped without looking . Replacing damaged strut mount bolts removes this possibility and others .
 Product was as described and arrived on time . I would recommend this to others . It also fit and worked well .
 Love the Wagners . Great long wear . Low noise . Great stopping power . Installing brakes for a long time and never had any problems .
 Replaced my sister 's broken side mirror with this one , and it 's the exact part I needed . Also , I had to call the merchant since it took a while for me to get the mirror , and they were very courteous in handling my call . The guy I spoke to even took the time -LRB- since I was on the line -RRB- to verify that I ordered the correct mirror -LRB- driver side vs. passenger side , manual vs. power , etc -RRB- , and I appreciated his thoroughness . Thanks to youtube videos , I was able to remove and install in about 30 minutes . My sister 's so happy she took me out to lunch : - -RRB-
 This was easy to install . it makes my ride look more sleek and protects from rain , sleet and snow . Quick arrival too .
 Out of all the floor mats I have owned over the years , these are by far the nicest , best fitting , most functional mats I have ever purchased .
 I have a 2005 Dodge Durango , and these were a perfect fit . Keeps the mud and water from messing up the carpet .
 When ordering this STep-Side Bar -LRB- pair -RRB- I was told it would fit my 2007 Hyundai Santa Fe , But , it did not . this caused me to have to send this back and reorder . Do n't understand why people filling these orders ca n't get their facts right !!
 Putco 480132 Element Chrome Window Visor - Set of 4This dressed up my 300C so well that I get nothing but compliments wherever I go . Starting with the Car Wash , I get rave reviews on how nice my ride looks . Going down the highway , people stare and point to my ride -LRB- makes me feel great -RRB- . I even get compliments from other 300C 's and questions of where to buy these cool eyebrow visors . Just what I wanted !
 Got this rear-view mirror to replace the original on my girlfriends car . It is just as good as the original and for half less than all the auto stores .
 Some winner knocked off my passenger side mirror and instead of leaving it by my car just took it . Well I bought this and it fits perfectly .
 Mirror was packaged well in box over box . Finished well ... no big mold lines and color was uniform . Had to push hard to get it to fit in bolt holes but once in the manual adjust worked fine . Overall good finish ... OK fit ... good price and fast Amazon free shipping !
 UPDATE -LRB- July 11 , 2012 -RRB-
 Too bad the maker of this product has seemed to gone out of their way to prevent people from finding it . This is a hard item to find . It fits a standard 3/4 '' automotive heater hose perfectly . I was able to build a custom heater bypass hose using this . It is very strong and will never warp or deform like cheaper products.BTW
 Trans4mer grille guard on my 08 taco . fit on the truck pretty easily . installed by my self in a few hours , also have the light guards around the headlights and the light bar that has the tabs for two aux lights , i made my own bracket that mounts to the tabs to put four 6 '' lights across the grille . only one screw had a bad thread in it so i re tapped it and it looks good on the truck , solid as can be . do not have a winch so could n't tell you if it holds . Only thing i would change about this product is i would Rhino line with some tough guard paint , have 2 spots where rocks have been thrown from vehicles and chipped the paint -LRB- they use 1/4 '' crush for traction in the winter here -RRB- . rhino lining would also make it stand out from my black taco . overall good product , easy install , just takes time and patience . the hardest part was the angle brackets for the winch holder that come through the bottom grille around the license plate . I would recommendWARN 80143 Gen II Trans4Mer Light Mounting Bar - BlackWARN 84795 Gen II Trans4Mer Headlamp Guard - Blackthis to a friend
 Only problem was , it 's newer and therefore shinier than the mirror left on the car when my daughter backed out of the garage . I found a video on youtube.com that showed how to do the replacement . Quick and easy . Happy daughter , happy dad.Tom C
 I do n't have much to say about this one . It fit perfectly and it was really easy to install . My son broke it off coming out of the garage . Felt horrible about it . But this worked great . A little on the expensive side but like I said easy to install and worked perfect .
 This mirror fit the first time , just right , and looks exactly like the OEM part . Its sound-deadening insulation on the inner surface is slightly different than the OEM mirror , but there does n't seem to be any quality difference . The motor adjustment works exactly like the OEM part . A great bargain !
 Camco Rv Twist Connect Kit allow you to make easy work of hooking up your drain hose . The Kit has a male and female hose adaptor with clamps , after installing them it is easier to connect at campgrounds . I purchase two kits , one for 10ft . hose I normally use and another kit for another 10ft . hose . When a longer hose is needed I can twist the two hose together , no mess , no tools needed , quick and easy . If I need a new hose I can reuse the Camco RV Twist Connect Kit with the new hose .
 I bought the Camco RV Twist Connect Kit after needing a lengthen my sewer line . Both the new line and twist connect kit arrived promptly.I had read a review where someone claimed four grown men , one of which was an engineer , could n't fit them inside the hose and spent hours fighting with it . It must have been a fluke but thanks to their review I got mine right on . It took me a couple minutes to get them inserted into the hose and clamped down -LRB- I was trying to keep a 3 moth old baby happy at the same time -RRB- . They slid right on to the hose after I wet the inside of it . Later after my tour of baby duty was concluded I installed them and drained the tanks on my camper . No leaks , no spinning , no troubles . Great product .
 great price , quick delivery - looked every where for this item to provide the option of connecting my 2 standard length hoses , in the event that I needed to , instead of having to purchase yet another , longer , waste hose - highly recommended
 We needed to extend the sewer hose on our motor home . These fittings were easy to install and simple to use once installed . If you have the need to join two RV sewer hoses together , buy this kit .
 Did the job it was made for . Material is strong enough . At first , it looks like the tube wo n't stretch on but it does .
 Although it took more then the maximum of 5 shipping days to get this item , it came in good shape , My Bad means i ordered the wrong thing . Have ordered a lot of things from Amazon , but this one took 10 shipping days to get here ! As far as the fitting goes , i may be able to use it some day and will keep it . Hope this helps !
 This item arrived on time and in excellent shape . I had 2 hoses connected together with a splice and this was a problem when using a dump station . Now I can just connect them together when needed .
 easy to use - had no problem installing on a three inch sewer hose in about 3 minutes - works fine - would buy again
 Great kit . Every campground/rv park we go to seems to require a different length sewer hose . This kit allows you to have sewer hoses already set up and connect hoses as required .
 35 pages long and released by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors in 1985 , this sales brochure is one of perhaps three sales brochures released by Olds that year . It does not have information on the entire 1985 Olds line , but does cover a lot of it . The brochure maintains a theme I highly enjoyed - it proclaims itself as a record album , and the cars it lists as songs . My , how times have changed . Not only are cars not sold this way anymore - Oldsmobiles are n't sold at all - but you can bet nobody is using a record album theme for their car sales brochures now.It is fascinating to look at brochures like this , being enticed to buy cars that can no longer be bought in the form they could be when this book came out , made by a company that no longer exists . It is also interesting to look at this brochure because we now know what became of the cars it contains.Now , an important note - this ` album ' contains four cars - the Ninety-Eight Regency , Delta 88 Royale , Toronado , and Custom Cruiser . There were many variants and trims , but those are the cars at the core . As in , you can have five different Toronados , but at the end of the day they are all Toronados.The vaunted new Ninety-Eight was nowhere near the all-new wonder Olds made it out to be . I do n't know how many they sold , but I know how long they lasted . I saw one on the road two years ago . One , and in very poor condition . I 'm sure there are some still intact , and well cared for . But the V6 Ninety-Eight that was new for '85 does not seem to have stood the test of time all that well . The 1985 Ninety-Eight is interesting for another reason - if you bought a particular trim line , you could end up with what is surely the longest name in automotive history , or at least a good runner-up
 Had 150,000 miles on the originals so these new shocks feel like a dream . Big heavy SUV needs good shocks .
 I purchased thinking would be white but arrive silver which I guess the picture could possibly be silver and I mistook for white.Anyway , I purchased on the hopes would be white to match my truck -LRB- I know color does not affect performance -RRB- Easy to install and looks good and feels good !
 This is perfect , easy to install and works great.I have used it to pull a log splitter and a small trailor.Don ' t over load it as the geo is small and this ca n't be used for anything to big , safety first .
 Product functions as advertised . Quiet and smooth . 20 minute install and we are back on the road . Drives like a new car .
 SHOCKS ARRIVED ON TIME , PRICE WAS VERY GOOD , SHOCKS ARE EXCELLENT THEY PROVIDE A VERY SMOOTH RIDE FOR MY 2000 CHEVY VAN , ALSO REDUCED THE DROOP ON FRONT END WHEN I SLOW DOWN AND TURN CORNERS AND ON CURVES .
 Anybody with an early Sebring convertible knows the brakes feel weak , probably due to the extra weight of theconvertible over the Cirrus / Stratus it 's chassis is based on . While I ca n't confirm these Gransport carbonceramic pads improve the actual stopping distance , they definitely improve the initial `` bite '' of the brakes , much less pedal pressure is needed for normal stopping and the brakes are easier to modulate . I 'd definitelyrecommend them .
 I was loosing air pressure in the air shocks on my goldwing trike , two reasons 1 -RRB- the air shocks were leaking , replaced them 2 -RRB- the air lines and fittings were also leaking.I purchased the accessory kit -LRB- lines and fittings -RRB- that combination cured my problem .
 The part I needed . Now just need dealership to activate it to my H3 . There is no way to activate by yourself .
 Bought this product along with the Westin 93500 Universal rear bumper mount kit for my Toyota 4x4 pickup . With these two products you get all the required hardware ; new mounting bolts , License plate lights , License plate mounts and screws.The instructions were simple and made the installation a fast one person job.To make the bumper last longer I sprayed the inside of the bumper with car under coat.I would recommend this product to anyone wanting to replace a rusty bumber on a late model Toyota pickup .
 Nice bumper . You do need to order the attachment brackets separately for the bumper to work . Looks good on my truck .
 Bolted right on . This bumper is sturdy and well fitting . Six months of use sitting outdoors and no rust yet .
 Hey , you need a bumper buy one of these.Works , fits and looks great.Got the black one and I love it .
 It came quickly . It fit correctly . It was a very good price . It works properly .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT , EXCELLENT PRICE A-1PRODUCT WAS EVERYTHING ADVERTISED I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THISTO ANYONE WORKING ON BRAKES , REPLACING MASTER CYLINDER , WHEEL CYLINDERS , A 1 MAN WORKING TOOL
 I 've been using K&N filters for for 6 yrs , I have one in my Yukon and I could feel the difference when I placed that one in . I started seeing a 25 mile increase between fillups . To some that is not much , but on a SUV , I 'll take the difference . These filters here locally are much more expensive , until I saw them here on Amazon . I bought 2 more for my other vehicles at a savings of over $ 50 combined . Your engine will feel the difference and in the long run , they pay for themselves . Yes , you have to clean the filters , but not frequently . Cleaning is not complicated
 This is a terrific product which works as advertised . Like many , I do n't fill the Motive tank with brake fluid but use the device to pressurize my master cylinder and expel the dirty fluid from each caliper . I found that 10psi is rather low so after verifying my MC could hold this level of pressure , I bumped it to 15psi . The old fluid came out much more efficiently at that psi.If I could do it all over again , I would order their European `` Black Label '' bleeder which upgrades the adapter to a machined swivel fitting . With this less expensive unit that I bought , you either have to first twist the hose/adapter in the opposite direction before threading on to your master cylinder reservoir or spin the Motive tank as you screw the adapter to the MC . All in all , not a huge pain but something I wish I now had.The most interesting thing is I planned on paying the upcharge for the Black Label bleeder but the week I was pondering my purchase , the transaction was not being handled Amazon and I would be charged shipping & handling -LRB- my pet peeve here in 2011 -RRB- . As my luck often turns out , the day after I ordered this less expensive Motive Euro power bleeder -LRB- with free Super Saver shipping -RRB- I noted the upgraded Black Label unit was then available from Amazon with free shipping . Sigh ... All in all , a great product for those of us who like to bleed our own clutches and brakes .
 Bleed brakes once with this tool and you 'll never look back . Just fill the bottle with 1/2 liter of brake fluid , pump up to 15psi , and proceed with bleeding all four corners . The bottle refills the reservoir as you bleed , and the pressure means no pedal pumping and no finding a buddy or SO to help out.Also , it 's easy to bleed clutches with this as well , just pump up to 25-30psi -LRB- or per manufacturer specs , that is for an Audi -RRB- . WORTH THE $ 50 !
 The tank is a little large but otherwise worked as advertised . I 'm glad I purchased this . Takes a lot of pumps to build up pressure because of the large size of tank
 I used this to bleed 2 complete brakes system , and a clutch slave cylinder.It worked great , and I would recommend it to everyone .
 I bought this bleeder and a spare reservoir cover for my BMW K1100LT , threaded a barbed fitting into the reservoir cap , installed `` speed bleeders '' and now can power flush my ABS-equipped bike in a few minutes . It is the ONLY way to do this single-handed . Buy two of the catch bottles for the front calipers , and you will be doing this fomerly tedious job every year just because it 's so much fun .
 I would give it 5 stars if the adapter did fit my vehicle , but unfortunately it did not . I made my own adapter using a rubber plug , plumbing parts and some bungie cords . The bleeder performed perfectly and I got my brake fluid flushed and bled .
 I have owned the bleeder for about a year and I have used it several times on my cars and several friends ' cars . I makes bleeding much , much easier especially when bleeding clutch cylinders as well as the brakes.I would definitely recommend the longer hose . There are also fittings available for other cars without the screw type reservoir.One change I have made makes the project even easier ... I do not fill the bleeder body with fluid . I use a turkey baster to remove the old fluid from the car 's reservoir and I fill it to the brim with new fluid . I use the bleeder to pressurize the system and I check regularly to assure that I do not lower the level and re-insert air to the system . It dramatically saves time on clean up - at the expense of having to CAREFULLY watch the fluid level in the reservoir . If the reservoir 's levels get low you need to refill and re-pressurize . In my mind a small price to avoid the clean up . The reservoir usually takes two refills and re-pressurizations per fluid replacement.I generally switch colors of the fluid from change to change to make the bleed easier.I have heartily recommended this product to several friends .2013 - UPDATE . I used the bleeder multiple times per year since I bought it . I still heartily recommend this bleeder . I have now used it on a number of others ' cars . If I had it to do over , I would order all the available fittings . That way I would be sure to have the proper fitting for any car I was likely to work on .
 I have tried many different bleeding methods and this is the best and fastest I have found . I bleed my brakes once or twice over a race weekend and I can do it in a matter ~ 10 minutes with this bleeder . I do however have a couple tips : - Do not fill the tank with brake fluid , that is just asking for dirt and contamination . Instead just use the tank for air pressure.-Install and air hose quick coupler in the line . The quick coupler allows you to connect and disconnect the bleeder tank to the brake fluid reservoir without losing pressure . This makes it much faster when you have to disconnect the bleeder to add more fluid to the brake fluid reservoir because you do n't have to re-pressurize the tank each time . Make sure you keep a good eye on it and dont run it dry .
 No more waiting on another person to help you pump the brakes -- this power bleeder makes bleeding brakes a one person job . Be careful to not exceed 20 PSI , or the brake fluid may leak from the reservoir -LRB- all you really need is 15-17 PSI -RRB- . One nit
 I was hesitant about buying this product . We have a real expensive power bleeder at work and no one uses it very often . We mostly deal with the old style GM brake reservoirs and the adapter is hard to make work with no leaks . At work we just usually have some one help us if the vehicle wo n't gravity bleed.I bought this product for home so I did not have to go through the hassle of have my wife `` help '' me with bleeding the brakes or wait for her to get home if I were alone . This product is built a lot like a bug sprayer with a pressure gage and a proper attachment for European vehicles . I must say it works fabulously . No leaks and is much better at bleeding hydraulic clutches than any other way I have come across . I have not had it very long but seems to be built well enough to last a long time even if you were to use it professionally in a shop . A longer hose would be nice but once you get the bleeder home you will see that you could add more hose relatively easy if you wanted too . I might do so if I used it every day , but for occasional home use I can get by.If you have been thinking about this but balked at the price . It pays for itself almost the first time in my opinion .
 This power bleeder seems to be well made and does the job it is supposed to do . I had no trouble bleeding the brakes on my BMW.However , I have a comment on its design . The tubing connecting the tank to the cap is rather large in diameter and quite stiff . It has a `` memory '' and wants to coil up just as you see in the product photo . I found that it was constantly getting in my way when removing or replacing the hand pump . Granted , once you screw the cap onto the master cylinder , the coiling problem is n't an issue , but once you remove the cap and want to empty the tank or clean it , it is very annoying . My solution to the problem was to remove the clamp securing the tubing to the tank and rotate the tubing 180 degrees . Now , instead of coiling into the pump , it coils away . Also , I do n't understand why the tubing diameter is so large because the pickup tube inside the reservoir is very small in diameter and obviously is the limiting factor in the rate of brake fluid flow . Smaller diameter tubing between the tank and cap would be more flexible.Lastly , since most brake fluid is almost clear it is difficult to see the level in the tank , but that is a minor issue .
 We use these in the dealership everyday . They last about 3-4 years with everyday use which is really good considering the price and that it is marketed for do it your selfers .
 I use this bleeder to flush brake fluid on my Porsche Cayman S. Connects tightly to the reservoir , pressurizes easily , and cleans up easily . Highly recommended for a DIY brake flush .
 This thing is great for bleeding , the only downfall is the shortness of the hose , and I would like to see a nipple you can hook up vacuum to suck fluid back though the line to avoid spilling in engine bay when you are done bleeding .
 I own a Porsche 928 S4 , the power bleeder allows me to bleed the brakes by myself and its the easiest and cleanest way to do so . It 's a great product , at a great price .
 Tho it came without instuctions it was n't hard to figure out.I think if the hose was a little longer you would n't have to set the pump in the engine compartment.Hard to get a solid pump holding it in place or when you need to refill.This way any drips would be on the ground , not under the hood.Other than that it works better than the 2 man pumping system .
 Best bleeder ever worked perfect on my 84 Vanagon . Used it to bleed my clutch in seconds only to find the part i replaced was faulty . Boy did it ever feel good to not have spent a lot of time bleeding only to have to do it over again .
 This tool is simply awesome . I have done the Pump-N-Bleed thing for years , and hated that . I moved on to the Miti-Vac which has done me well for years , but would end up with a lot of wasted fluid chasing bubbles out of the lines because of imperfect seals on the bleeder valves . Not to mention the pain in the butt of having to go back and forth to re-fill the reservoir then back to bleeding . Not that big of a deal , but time consuming.Now , the Power Bleeder . It took me a few minutes to get going with it but use it once and it is brain-less . I have multiple vehicles so I needed multiple adapters . I used air tool couplings -LRB- quick disconnects -RRB- for a couple of reasons . First , it allowed me to swap adapters easily with good seals and not lose fluid all over the engine compartment . Second , it allowed me to get a good seal screwing the cap onto the master cylinder reservoir without the PVC hose twisting up . I did what every guy will do -LRB- not read the instructions -RRB- and ended up not getting a perfect seal the first time and lost some fluid . Should have placed a rag under the master cylinder.Others have stated that they only used the bleeder to pressurize the system and did n't put fluid in the container . I put the fluid in the container . This made the bleeding very easy . I pumped up the container 's hand pump to 15 psi which allowed me to complete the whole job only having to re-pressurizing the container one time . I also used the Genesis Magnetic Bleeder bottle.I strongly recommend this tool to anyone who does their own work on their car . It is well constructed and should stand up to frequent use .
 I have been wanting one of these for a long time and finally big the bullet and bought one before doing a brake job on my 328i that I am preparing for autocross and HPDE . I installed a new clutch and used this to pressurize the system with new fluid in the reservoir . No more pumping the pedal . I pressurized the system and opened the bleeder valve and heard a hiss of air coming out . With a new clutch master and slave , it was bled in about 10 minutes . I will be replacing all of the fluid this weekend and it will be a snap with this unit.Now I need to buy the adapters so that I can use on my other cars ! Great product !
 Benefits
 I used this to flush the brake fluid on my 2002 Volvo . The only area where there was a small , and I mean SMALL leak was at the coupling of the reservoir adapter and the hose to the unit itself . This can be avoided by tightening down this connection . Keeping the pressure at , or slightly above 15psi worked great for me ; I used ATE super blue fluid . In replacing the front brake hoses and flushing the entire system , I spent half of what my local shop quoted me ; plus I keep this machine for future use .
 Very happy with this product . Did not want to spend the extra money given how seldom I bleed brakes . But ... . once I did it saves so much time that I am bleeding the brakes on my cars more often as it is not such a chore . You should bleed brakes once every 2-3 years , and this makes it easy to do.Quality of product is very good . It is clearly design for both residential and commercial applications.It can be used on both European and domenstic cars with a simple change of the lid . A good overall design .
 There are ways around using this type of product , but the convenience for the buck is definitely worth it . Does exactly what you 'd expect it to , but better . A concern I had before buying this was losing too much pressure too quickly . Once the system is pressurized and the bleeder valve is then opened -LRB- in my case it was the clutch slave cylinder on my 03 BMW 330i -RRB- a lot of fluid will exit before it loses too much pressure . This really is a one and done , one-person solution . I have n't bled the brakes yet , but I 'm sure it will be a piece of cake . P.S. . If you are having issues bleeding a BMW clutch it may help to replace the master cylinder -LRB- not just slave -RRB- . This cost me about $ 60 for the part and took about an hour . World of difference ! Overall very glad I bought this product and considering the universal adapter for my other cars .
 I have bled brakes for years and have used other pressure bleeders in the past . This one by far is the easiest and most effective bleeder I have ever used . I have since made my own pigtails for my other cars . Do n't hesitate to purchase this as you will not be disappointed .
 This product was a `` must have '' to bleed the brakes on my old Mercedes . I am happy with the bleeder . The price was competitive and the shipping was quick .
 The Bleeder worked great . I would recommend this for the DIYer ! It worked as said , on my 97 ' BMW 540i . It screwed directly to the reservoir .
 This product works great . I just used on a 1974 Porsche I am restoring . It worked wonderfully-would highly recommend . I have brakes now .
 First time doing this . I tried without removing wheels , using ramps to elevate rear . Worked OK on first wheel although the short drain tube did not allow much room to navigate around the drain bottle . On the second rear wheel , the tube kept coming out of the nipple and bottle . Decided to remove front wheels , which made the job effortless , except for jacking and removing the wheels . Small leak at brass connectors from reservoir , kept tightening and a rag underneath . Will make sure wheels come off for next time . Recommend longer drain tube and quick connect fittings , but it does the job .
 MOTIVE EST UNE EXCELLENTE MARQUE POUR LES POMPES DE PURGE . tOUTES LES QUALITES ET ACCESSOIRES SONT DISPONIBLES .
 I bought this item to assist with the flushing of the Brake Fluid on out Mercedes . It is very easy to use and works very well . Would be nice if it came with more adapters as they are kind of pricey if I want to use it on my other cars .
 This is the one of the simplest , easiest , and fastest ways there is to bleed brakes , and you can do it all by yourself . You just have to make sure it 's clean and you do n't spill brake fluid on your paint , and you 'll have freshly bled brakes in a matter of minutes . I use this on Porsche race cars with great results .
 This is a must have tool that works like a charm for bleeding brake systems . Makes the job a snap .
 Good item if you are tackeling a job alone and do not want to bleed the conventional way . Fill the container , screw on the cap and pump away . I bled my 2002 passat around 10-13 psi . No need for any more . Make sure to bleed in the following order from fartherst away to closest . Rear Pass , Rear drivers , front pass , front drivers . Other things to watch is the level of fluid in the bottle and any leaks.The only reaso for 4 not 5 stars is the coupling between the two sections of hose -LRB- brass -RRB- will leak if not super tightened . Had to really wrench mine to get it from not leaking . Otherwise , great product .
 if you use this thing just one time , it would pay for itself already . highly recommended . makes the job easy -- no need to call the wife out pump the brakes .
 The item makes bleeding the brakes an easy process . It is a must-have for DIYers . can save you $ 200 on a brake flush .
 These fit absolutely perfect . great company and great product !!!
 Simple installation , decent price , great protection . I have one for all of my K&N filters .
 These floor mats give excellent coverage of your factory carpet ... only draw back is the passenger side slides around a bit being there 's no clip to hold it in place .
 I bought this to go with a pendant for Valentines day for my wife . It is of very good quality and the vendor delivered on time .
 This is silver chain is absolutely perfect for any lady on which to hang a light-weight pendant . Chain is very smooth too the touch and never snags on hair or clothing . Looks positvely elegant on my wife ! I previously ordered a thinner `` box '' chain for her which did have rough edges and broke when it snagged . Sabrina Silver cheerfully accepted its return and I purchased this replacement . Very nice people to do business with ! Now I 'm hoping that the nickel-free works . Thanks Sabrina Silver .
 I was very pleased with my purchase through this company . The chain is beautiful , it was packaged nicely and arrived at my door in no time !
 The necklace is wonderful . I have it on 24/7 and it never causes any discomfort and looks gorgeous.I would not hesitate to order again from this company . The quality of their product is top notch .
 This was a great silver chain . I am still wearing it . I wear it everyday and never take it off even in the shower . It has not broken or changed color and is strong enough for all of my pendants .
 I LOVE Sabrina Jewelry and have been buying from them for a while . Prices are reasonable and I love them !
 I received this chain just 2 days after ordering it - super fast delivery !! The chain is very pretty and just what I wanted . The price is also great for this chain and I would gladly have paid more to get this quality . I will buy future items from Sabrina Silver and know I 'm getting just what I want .
 This chain is gorgeous ! I was looking for something a little different that would be dainty but durable . Box , link , snake and herringbone chains are so common and each has its limitations in terms of kinking and bulk . I bought this as a gift , and would not hesitate to buy again as a gift or for myself . Great service and presentation , too .
 I have used Optima batteries for years in my cars , trucks and in my rock crawler and they are amazing . They out last everything else and the one I replaced this one with lasted for 7 years . I will never use anything else and Amazon did a great job getting it shipped very fast .
 The Optima battery has a great reputation , and was original equipment in my '05 Jeep Liberty diesel . I had zero trouble with the original battery , but it showed weakness in a dealership test , and the replacemet was about $ 340 plus installation . I ordered through Amazon at less than half the cost , and free shipping . The battery arrived in less than one week . Installation was a breeze , and no problems to report .
 I 've had this battery about 6 months and no problems so far . It is expensive , but I love the fact that it is truly no maintainance , and it can never spill .
 Relatively easy installation in '99 Ranger 4.0 liter 4x4 . Had to mildly bend battery tray edges for fit . Good bolt down brackets for secure and firm bolt down .
 Lots of starting power , very reliable . I have a vehicle which is not driven very much and this battery holds power for a long time . Highly recommended .
 Fit in my 95 Wrangler just right spins over the 4.0 easily even down to -10 degrees . Packaging was great no way this was getting damaged during shipping .
 The battery was shipped to me in manufacturers packaging in a double walled cardboard box and foam inserts on top and bottom for added protection . The box is specifically made for shipping this battery . I was confused what the option for hassle free shipping was and so I decided to save $ 45 and purchase the battery without that option . After doing so I was a bit concerned that it would be shipped in some sub-standard way , I was pleasantly surprised that it was fully protected and ended up being &#34; hassle-Free &#34; shipping anyways and without the added cost for the option!The battery arrived with a plastic battery top cover which can be attached to the bottom to increase the height for specific applications where this is necissary , the plastic top cover also cleverly concealed several other installation attachments . For my F-150 I needed the two side attachments which snap on to make the battery wider so that it can be properly secured in the factory location using the factory hold down.I would give 5 stars but I have only had the battery installed for a few days so I am unsure if its going to last as long as my previous Optima which lasted 7 years in the AZ heat ! This one is manufactured in Mexico , I am pretty sure my previous Optima was manufactured in the USA.Be careful when checking out , I could n't change the shipping choice from my mobile phone app and ended up getting standard 3-5 day shipping which wouldnt be that bad except that when you need a battery ... you need a battery now!The battery was delivered in 5 days , I was hoping for quicker , but it was n't a surprise that it took the full advertised time frame .
 These batteries wo n't stop cranking . Put two in my old Dodge and have never had even the glimpse of a problem .
 I even have used Optima batteries for years in my cars , trucks and in my rock crawler and they are wonderful . They out last everything else and also the one I replaced this one with lasted for seven years . I will never use anything else and Amazon did a nice job obtaining it shipped terribly fast and I keep it charged with myNOCO G750 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 750mA -LRB- .75 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainerto make sure I get the most extensive battery life .
 The Optima Redtop battery is an excellent battery . It is smaller than the lead acid type battery , but it comes with several adapters to make a correct fit.The price was better than any local shops advertised , and the battery was delivered for free in just a few days .
 Just replaced this same battery after many years of service . Used solely for starting a large marine diesel engine that got irregular use . Battery was in the boat winter and summer for 13 years , but was charged monthly . Great product !
 Optima batteries are great . I own 5 -LRB- two blue tops in the boat , two yellow tops in the truck , and now the red top in my car -RRB- . I went through 3 batteries -LRB- not Optima -RRB- in 6 years in the car . During the same time the boat and truck are still on the same Optimas . I also previously bought a truck with a red-top already installed and it never had a problem starting for the 4 years that I owned it . It is well worth the extra $ $ over the standard battery brands .
 batteries are great . the shipping boxes are not strong enough to keep the batteries safe in shipping .
 plain and simple , you get what you pay forOptima is the leader in batteries.I wish I had the money to get 2 of the blue tops for my boat .
 Besides the name Interstate , growing up in a mechanic family , this is what I heard . These are awesome batteries . When I was a kid , I put one in my sports car that had an intense stereo system , this with a 1farrad capacitor always ran beautifully . When I buy a car , I put this in it . I have left stuff on , walked out and seen a door not shut , etc. . and all start up . When I bought my current SUV , It was already installed , and 7 years later , I just had to replace it . A diesel -LRB- a lot of cold crank needed -RRB- stereo and GPS and detector and fm modulator and phone charger ... All kept going for 7 years . This thing is supposed to hold a charge even upside down , I dont , but its good to know . Be sure when charging this you know its a AGM battery -LRB- Acid Glass Mat -RRB- different charging amp I think . Anyways . . I love this batt , always will .
 I purchased two of these batteries for a back up power diesel generator I am in the process of setting up at home . The batteries arrived in two days thanks to Amazon Prime , were well packaged and worked just fine with the generator . Plenty of cranking power .
 The Optima was purchased for its sealed attributes , and the cca 's . I also use this because of my stereo system for its power output . It has ` nt let me down . Great Product .
 Great Battery so far , I hav n't had it very long . Saved big on the Super Saver Shipping . Not packaged for the abuse of UPS !!! `` MINOR DAMAGE ''
 Great for vehicles that sit . Discharge rate is a fraction of a regular lead acid battery .
 The Optima Battery is the best battery to buy if you want to make sure there is no corrosion or leakage .
 PURCHASED THE OPTIMA BATTERY BECAUSE OF THE GREAT REVIEWS . AMAZON PRICE WAS ABOUT 40 TO 50 DOLLARS CHEAPER THAN I COULD GET IN TOWN , PLUS NO TAX . PREVIOUSLY HAD TWO DURALAST GOLD BATTERIES THAT LASTED LESS THAN A YEAR WITH MY 7.3 DIESEL ENGINE . ID RATHER SPEND A LITTLE MORE $ $ THAN DEAL WITH THE AGGRAVATION OF BEING STRANDED SOMEWHERE . LETS HOPE THESE BATTERIES LIVE UP TO THEIR REPUTATION .
 I bought these batteries for a 2004 Dodge truck with the Diesel engine . One of the stock batteries split open at the negative post . The other was about to split . Both stock batteries were leaking acid . I bought the Optima batteries based on my experience with never having one leak acid , break , or clean corrosion around the post . The new Optima batteries are working fine , will see how they do five years from now.Thanks , Adonis
 My old red-top only lasted 9 years in my rig so I 'd say Optima has done there homework on producing a great battery . Here 's to another 9 years .
 I have not seen any problem and when I start my SUV is like a breeze , no hesitation at all and very easy to install and replace my old battery .
 i bought it because i heard so much good stuff about it . mine works great so far . i 'm very happy with the purchase and it was delivered right to my front porch . my car was broke down and i was stranded without a vehicle . will update if anything happens . great product .
 I have a 700 CCA Red Top in a 2005 Jeep Liberty . It is 2011 and it just tested at 673 CCA . That is 6 years and it is still going strong . This is the best battery I have ever had , and when it finally does die I will be buying another Red Top .
 Great battery , It 's more then enough cranking power to turn over my 600 hp . crate engine that I have in my 06 Jeep Liberty . It 's with stands the shock of the roughest trails when I 4x4 . Great buy ...
 Optima makes a great battery , but even though amazon recommends the Battery Tender for purchase with this battery I have had amazing results with theNOCO G3500 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 3500mA -LRB- 3.5 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and MaintainerG3500 charger by NOCO . But this battery has over delivered for me time in and time out .
 If your early American vehicle has a plastic reservoir on the master cylinder , you need Motive kit number 0115 , NOT Motive kit # 0105 -LRB- or adapter # 1115 if you want to purchase separately -RRB- . I have found neither kit 0115 nor the adapter # 1115 on Amazon -LRB- yet -RRB- , so far I have only found it on the Motive website
 All in all this product works very well . I did take other reviewer recommendations and used a big C-clamp instead of the goofy chains and j-hooks . I was able to quickly bleed the front disc brakes with ease . The ugly part is when you remove the plate from the top of the master cylinder . The directions suggest tipping the reservoir so that the pump pushes air into the master cylinder . This way , it lowers the brake fluid level . I was n't able to get this procedure to work very well so when the plate is removed fuild flows over the top of the master cylinder and drips down into the engine bay . I figure once a person figures out how to accomplish getting the fuild level down a bit the mess can be avoided .
 The item works as expected , tech support is very helpful . the problem i had is getting the plate to seal on the vintage style master cylinder . the chains & clamps wont work you will have to use a couple of c-clamps to get a good seal & even it is difficult . I believe if you were using this item on a modern master cylinder that is attached with the screw seal then it would not leak . Motive tech support is helpful & will advise the customer of the work arounds for this item .
 Worked great . No leaks if you use a support block on top with a c-clamp to hold and seal the cap to a metal master cylinder .
 The product worked as expected , except it was hard to get the adapter to seal around the master cylinder reservoir . The first problem was the plastic reservoir had bulged out on the sides , had to use a C-clamp to squeeze it back in . The second problem was the adapter would n't seal at the ends , the chain pull down system is a little lacking , but due to the slant design of the GM master , I do n't see any other way . I used two more C-clamps at either end , and still had leakage . Made a big mess , but it did hold enough pressure to do the job . I gave four stars due to the adapter seal problem , but otherwise , it works well .
 I have ordered most of my car products from them because they are quick and their return policy is awesome ! The products came quickly and were brand new !
 Was skeptical about buying a universal bumper for my truck but this kit made it all work great and saved money by not having to buy an oe bumper .
 I needed something to bleed my older European cars . I got an '83 944 and an '85 VW Vanagon . On these cars you can not do the job correctly without a bleeding system . It works nicely on these cars with the supplied attachments . However I do the bleeding process a little different than the instructions . I DO NOT fill the `` Power Bleeder '' -LRB- `` PW '' -RRB- reservoir with brake fluid I only fill the car 's brake fluid reservoir . I Attach the `` PW '' unit and pump up the pressure -LRB- see your manual for the proper pressure -RRB- . I then bleed the system . I checking the pressure and re-pump if I have to . I keep an eye on the car 's brake fluid reservoir and only add fluid to the reservoir not the `` PW '' . It takes a little more time and you have to disconnect and reattach the `` PB '' to fill the reservoir but no mess .
 I wish I had this years ago . Be sure not to over tighten the unit and it works fantastic . I have tried manual bleeding of brakes , and vacuum bleeding . When replacing entire lines this is a far superior method .
 I was looking for an affordable Brake Bleeder and I was real amazed how well it worked . All I had to do was hook up the power bleeder , there was no need for a second person . The Brake bleeding job was done in minutes so this will save a lot of time in the future as well ! I will recommend your product to others and look for your products to help me in the future .
 Very easy to use and does a excellent job of bleeding the brakes . Flush out all your old brake fluid with ease .
 impeccable je recommande sais de la qualit&eacute; et je suis traie satisfait je vous soustraite une et bonne ann&eacute;e a tous
 I bought this Motive Pro power bleeder Pro for doing my '03 Cummins pickup , '96 Caprice SS and my wifes '08 Subi after reading other reviews . It worked better then I imagined . Never thought one person could bleed brakes by himself . I helped replaced a master cylinder on my sons Chevy pickup and had the brakes bleed in less then 30 mins . The only thing I did n't care for was the master cyl reservoir was over filled after removing the adapter . No big deal really . Its well worth the money . Ca n't wait to try it out on a clutch job . I also have the adapters to bleed all most every kind of car or truck made .
 The universal bumper worked great . The only hard part was taking the old bumper off . Looks and works great . I can now tow my boat .
 Daughter backed into my mother inlaws car and damaged the bumper on my truck . I bought her new this new bumper for xmas . Went on pretty easy , she did all the work herself except I had to drill a set of extra holes in the bumper to get the bumper brackets match up with the bumper . No big deal , used H.F. cone drill bit , went right through . She wired in the plate lights with no problem . I wonder if she will watch where she is backing next time ??????? I wo n't hold my breath -RRB- - :
 I bought this bleeder after I developed air in my ABS unit after replacing a brake line . Prior to buying this power bleeder , I tried bleeding the brake fluid the traditional way and utilizing a mityvac pump neither had much success . Buying this unit was my last ditch effort before I took it into a dealer that had the specialized software/equipment they use $ $ $ . . The only reason that I did n't give it five stars is because it did not come with any instructions . Whether that is standard or just a fluke I do n't know . I went to the companies website -LRB- www.motive.com -RRB- and found a demo link on their home page which was very helpful . As far as the performance of the unit I would give it six stars since it saved me a trip to the mechanic shop . I have recommended this several times since I fixed my truck . . David
 Bought this wanting to improve airflow to the engine and it definately accomplished that ! It said that this was used and therefore was much cheaper than a new one . When it arrived it was new near as I could tell and just the packaging was damaged . I was pleasently surprised could n't believe what a good deal I got on this item ! K&N quality is unsurpassed . I bought one for each car I own .
 aloha people ... i wish i didnt have to purchase online but simply cant pass up the deals on amazon ... rather keep the money here in hawaii ... but cant beat the price an they ship free to your door ... not many companies do that as u know shipping to honolulu , hawaii ... not cheap ! anyhow great product ... mahalos !!!!! tc
 the pulling distance is too short . another 1/4 inch would keep ftom having to reposition the puller with a spacer to complete the job . otherwise very good and easy to use . fast service .
 This is the second set of these I 've put in my Harley -LRB- every 2 to 3 years -RRB- . Immediately there was a 5 mpg jump in gas milageWay better than the HD Platinum Plus plugs.With a little bit of research and cross reference for your bike -LRB- s -RRB- , I wo n't guarantee 5 mpg for you , but I bet you see an immediate jump in milage.Never going to use another plug again.Highly recommended !
 shipped right away , good price , correct spark plugs . I have used iridium plugs in my yamana fjr1300 and they are worth the extra money .
 These spark plugs work great in my pit bike as they provide a better spark , and the price per plug was hands down the lowest out there .
 Everywhere I looked these were 20.00 , I wanted the best plug I could get for my 150cc scooter and this definitley fit the bill .
 I have consistently used NGK on a HARLEY running a high output S&S 124 WITH R&R Heads . These plug never foul and after 30K miles they still had plenty of life left . Great product , put them in and forget them . No issues with HD SS electronics or security system
 I used these on my Bandit 1200 . I tracked my mileage religiously and used the same commuting path . These plugs gave a 6 mpg improvement -LRB- 42 to 48 -RRB- . YMMV
 These are the only spark plugs I use or recommend for my harley . ca n't go wrong with these plugs in my opinion .
 I bought 1 for a 125cc Motofino scooter and noticed a difference on the first start . Bought a 2nd one for my Honda Elite . If I need any scooter spark plugs in the future it 'll be this NGK .
 This spark plug is excellent in the 2003 VRSCA Harley Davidson Vrod . I purchased a set for my 30000 mile replacements . The increase in response was immediate and the smooth transition from low rpm to high rpm was perfect .
 The bike was loosing its pep and not starting near as easy . Installed these in less than an hour and it starts right up instantly and revs much smoother ! A + + ! -LRB- Installed in 2011 Ninja 250R @ 9,050 Miles -RRB-
 This product was a great value . Worked great for the Harley . Looked elsewhere on the web and at the local Harley Davidson dealer and this was the best price around .
 Wow , over 100,000 miles life in my Camry , and the gap was still in spec . when replaced . The only plug that I now use in my truck , cars and motorcycle . Well worth the extra cost .
 These plugs last about 3 to 4 times longer than the stock ones but can be pricey and hard to find in stores . So on line works well because you usually have to wait anyway and the price is right
 These spark plugs are among the best , they last the longest and never foul . the shipping is a little slow but worth the wait
 I bought four of these for my Suzuki DL650 . They came in a reasonable time frame . They work just fine in the bike . They were factory set within the specs of my motorcycle so I was able to just put them in and go .
 I switched the turn signals & brake/tail lights on a 2001 KE100 motorcycle to LED 's and as a result I had a lot of ignition noise that the LED 's picked up . These resistive plugs solved that issue -LRB- the stock plugs were non-resistive type -RRB- . Anyway ... . served the purpose & no noticeable effect otherwise with engine performance .
 Great plug . On sale its just a few dollars more than a copper core plug . Seeing that this is for use in single cylinder engines a 3 or 4 dollars is not much to spend for such an important part of the overall engine performance . Ive had great luck not fouling this plug on my CR250 . It starts real well even after a crash -LRB- usually anyway -RRB- not that I like to test anything by crashing :-RRB- but it happens .
 Subsitute to the NGK B8EV plug , this is the best plug ever . I run it in a totally modified Kawasaki that will not run with any standard plug
 Bought this plug to try in my Aprilia Scooter . I wanted to see if I had a performance change using the Iridium plug . I really ca n't notice any big improvements . Too early to tell if mileage gets better . The plug comes with a threaded end and I needed a terminal cap to use it with my scooter - that was hard to find - parts store guy stole one off another plug and gave it to me - none of the parts houses here in Boise carry the terminal screw on cap - what a pain - I suggest -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- putting one on the plug and letting us -LRB- the consumer -RRB- take it off if we do n't need it , instead of making us search for one if we do. :-RRB- >>
 I run this plug in my GY6 150cc 4 stroke engine and compared to a conventional plug , I have experienced the complete loss of sputter at WOT . I highly recommend this plug to anyone looking for a premium ignition add on .
 Bought this for Honda XR100 R and it rocks ! Yes get one ASAP and you will be glad you did ... We are !
 In some technologies I 'm a true believer . I truly believe my motorcycle runs better with these installed . I did find a review that showed a horsepower increase , though in my experience I 've never seen a horsepower increase from spark plugs .
 Thank you for the Spark plug Fired up first time . Clean running machine . See ya on the Road .
 These iridium spark plugs really makes a difference.But my engine gets kind of irregular motion while it 's still cold . Not really a problem cause after 15min you are already using all that extra iridium goodness !
 Installed these plugs into a 2009 1200 sportster , they are great plugs . Highly recommend this product . The pricing is fair and if you buy at the auto parts store you are going to pay more . .
 Took a bit to find some platinum style , Iridium spark plugs for our older Honda Rebel.Going to NGK site directly and working the search helped identify the correct plug.Installation was a breeze because we did not have to gap the plugs ourselves . Bike seems to be running stronger - but the intent was to make sure it has the best , fresh plugs .
 Quite simply , these are the best spark plugs you can buy.Burns cleaner , gives more power , better sound , and last 3 or 4 times longer.These sparks do n't foul as easily as regular ones.Go Iridium all the way
 I own three motorcycles . When it is time to change out the plugs , I always pay the extra money and buy Iridium plugs . They cost anywhere from $ 7 - $ 10 each , so they are not cheap , but I want my bike running perfect and purring like a cat while riding a short distance through the mountains or taking off across country . No hassles , no problems . My bike starts first time , everytime , runs smooth , great mileage and no problems while away from home . So , are these worth the price difference ? Because I ride about 20,000 miles yearly , I would rather pay the difference for idea plugs and enjoy worry free riding instead of possibly having a break-down somewhere far from home . They give me piece of mind . Money well spent . Buying NGK is a personal preference . I have used NGK in my street-bikes , ATV 's and in my younger years I used NGK in my dirt bikes . I 'm content with their performance and longevity .
 I installed these into my 1978 Porsche 930 turbo . I have always used Bosch Platinum W3DPO plugs for their durability , however for street driving they are a bit on the cold side . These are just a shade hotter in the heat range . Lets see how long they last
 I use these in my can am 400 . I really did n't need 5 of them , but for the cost , it 's nice to have a few sitting around when needed .
 I decided to try iridium spark plugs in my motorcycle . Even though they cost over twice as much as the standards , you get what you pay for . These are great looking plugs that fit and work without any problems . I have n't used them enough yet to see if my mileage has changed any , but I expect at least a little improvement . My motorcycle seems to feel stronger , especially when idling .
 I installed a pair of these plugs in my Harley after reading great reviews about the performance of the plugs . After installing I noticed a slight difference in the performance of my bike . Bike seemed to start and idle better .
 Just a spark plug , fits my Chinese scooter engine -LRB- I have a TaoTao ATM50 A1 -RRB- , but there are many brands using this same Honda clone engine.Has a small center pin , and the right gapping from the factory.Supposedly lasts a long time , ca n't say as I use it as a backup plug .
 I used these on my 2002 Honda cr125r and they are great they never foul out like other plugs these are iridium plugs they are the best you can get
 Love these spark plugs . They perform their job with total satisfaction on my end . In fact , this review is so far behind me purchasing the plugs , I need to order some more ...
 2009 YZ450F was taking too many kicks to start -LRB- only 14hr on bike -RRB- . I had just bought the bike . Dad says `` replace the spark plug . '' I put the NKG CR8EIX in and a new air filter . It starts much easier now . Cold start took just one kick yesterday -LRB- man was i surprised -RRB- . The air filter was twin air . Big difference ! Listen to your old man !
 I was rebuilding my Honda Elite and decided to buy this and got it at good price and works just fine .
 So far so good . I am pleased with the performance of the plugs -LRB- running in a 2000 Sea-Doo RX -RRB- and the vendor . We will reserve judgement as to whether or not these plugs are worth the extra money in the long term .
 no complaints . The product is exactly as it was advertised . Also , it shipped quickly . Would recommend as a product that works perfectly at a great price .
 Thought i 'd try this plug and see if the motorcycle responded any differently and it seemed to have a little more power than the stock plug . It should last a good long time too .
 old railroad expression , equivalent to the Brits &#34; does what it says on the tin &#34; . have n't installed it yet on my Kymco Xciting 500Ri ; looking forward to smother stars and cold get-away .
 I 've used it on my Kymco Super 8 150cc for about ~ 2800 miles . No issues.note
 I have n't really noticed a difference in my bike 's performance since installing these . HP stayed the same -LRB- dyno confirmed -RRB- and MPG did n't change . They feel solid and everyone -LRB- and their grandmother -RRB- recommended them . I guess I will see as soon as I go to clean them next oil change .
 Easy to Gap , a nice upgrade plug for my 2011 XL1200C Harley Davidson . Hope they dont rust like the stock ones !
 I purchased these for my FJR-1300 when it was due for plug replacement . They came already set to the right gap which I do n't know if that was what they advertise.I bought them for the longer life . Others have stated they get better performance and other notions , but I did n't feel or find any differences myself.Time will tell if the price difference was worth it .
 Working well on my motorcyclePros : - working for 40K kms on my BMW F800ST -LRB- can work more -RRB- - better ignitionCons : - no cons for me
 My HP2 was idling rough and the throttle response was n't smooth . I installed the NGK 's and the engine improvement was immediate .
 I REALLY HOPE THESE SPARK PLUGS WORK FOR ME , I HAVE HIGH EXPECTATIONS ON THESE AFM PARTS SPARK PLUGS . LET 'S SEE .
 I use this product on a 2005 F150 truck and a 2008 Nissan Altima . The adapter worked perfectly for both . I did not put the brake fluid in the bleeder . I removed as much of the old brake fluid as I could with a turkey broaster . Then I filled the master cylinder to almost the top with new brake fluid . Then I pumped the bleeder up to between 13 - 14 pounds . Then I bleed each wheel . The first time took about 30 minutes for the F150 . The Nissan took longer because I needed to remove the wheels . I have never bleed brakes before and this made it an easy job .
 The Motive custom ford powwer bleeder worked like a charm.I tried manual bleeding several times to no avail . With the power bleeder I was amazed at how much and how fast the air in the system was bled with one application.The brakes work fine now with plenty of pedal . I would recomend this power bleeder to anyone needing brakes bled.Simply go to Amazon.com to purchaseDon Spencer
 This makes Bleeding Brakes VERY easy . You can do all 4 wheels in about 20-30 minutes and you do n't have to worry about air getting into the system like you can get with other bleeder systems . I would definitely recommend this to other people !
 I 've done many brake bleeds using the two person method , and this is by far easier with much better results . I would recommend to any other shade tree mechanic .
 This is the best one-person brake bleeding tool that I have found . Will leak at the adapter connections if not tightened hard enough .
 This thing works great . I had no problems using it . Really simple to use , and I am very impressed with the product . One thing , get some teflon tape to coat the male connector because the joint leaked a little , but other than that . GREAT PRODUCT
 This item allowed me to skip the Ford Stealership PLUS I saved money bleeding the brakes myself.The 1998 Ford E350 brake system would not bleed using the pump the pedal method.Easy to use and well made.I had to replace the O-ring supplied for the Ford brake fluid resivor , the one supplied was too thick for the application .
 Bought this to flush the brake fluids in my Z and it works perfecting . I made a mess when i finished and took the bleeder off the master cylinder but that was user area .
 This power bleeder fit perfectly and made the job amazingly easy . How I wish I had had this years ago .
 I verified this with Motive 's website , the correct part number for the 2008 + Subaru STI is product number 0107 . Even though it says `` Ford '' on it , this is also the right one for Subaru.I used this without filling the power bleeder with brake fluid . I simply filled up the brake fluid reservoir to the max line , attached the power bleeder , and pumped the power bleeder to pressurize the system to about 10 PSI.Then I slowly bled each brake , making sure to refill the reservoir after each brake so as to not introduce any air into the system.This is a very easy and clean way to bleed your brakes by yourself without the help of a 2nd person to step on the brake pedal . The pressure that the Motive Power Bleeder provides simulates the pressing of the brake pedal.You do not need any adapters with this kit , it comes with everything you need . The only thing is the tube that attaches to the bleeder at each brake is a bit short , so if you want to get a longer one to make it easier to bleed into a bottle without having to hold up the bottle yourself , you can just buy a longer piece of 5/16 '' outer , 3/16 '' inner clear tubing from your local hardware store .
 1 . The cap uses an o-ring seal and is a very tight fit . While this is good for holding pressure , it takes some work to get it on . The instructions do advise that it is necessary to press the cap all the way down before turning it to lock it in place . Smearing a little brake fluid on the o-ring before pushing it in make the job a little easier . Once the cap is in place there it no leakage at all .2 . By tilting the pressure bottle it is possible to control whether fluid or air is forced into the brake fluid reservoir . This is important to avoid completely filling the reservoir during the bleeding process and then having to remove some of the fluid -LRB- usually with some spillage -RRB- before putting the standard cap back on . With a little thought by the operator the technique will be obvious but including some instructions would be better .3 . The included 2-foot tube is not very convenient . Besides being short , it is stiff enough and the bleeder light enough that the bleeder tank can be pushed over by the hose . The `` Black Label '' series includes a 5-foot hose with a swivel which would correct these problems but add to the cost . If you use the unit every day , I would recommend springing the extra bucks for the `` Black Label '' .4 . All in all , this is a fine product . You do n't have to coordinate with a pedal-pumper , assuming that you could find one to begin with . It is easy to view the fluid exiting the bleeder screws into the waste bottle to see when fresh fluid has reached the caliper . I found it much easier to use than the Myte-Vac method .
 I bought this unit to bleed the brakes on my Ford and , although I normally never write product reviews , I decided to write this one because I think the product worked really well and the company deserves some business.The unit looks like it 's a suprisingly decent quality tool . I was expecting a cheap throwaway like one gets so often now , but this unit was nicely put together and everything fit and worked really well . It 's not going to be up to industrial specs , and is simple in design , but well thought out , i think.There seem to be several variations or models of this bleeder , so go to the manufacturer website to see which unit fits your car/mcyl -LRB- they have a cross ref chart there -RRB- . Beyond that , this unit is really easy to use and makes bleeding brakes a one man job . Fill the unit with bfluid , screw the top/pump assembly on the bottle , put the adaptor on the car 's Mcyl , pump the unit up to 15 psi , and start making your way around to all the wheel cylinders/calipers - work from far to near in relation to the Mcyl when bleeding.I went through a lot of bfluid in order to flush everything thoroughly so I had to repressurize -LRB- pump up -RRB- the cannister a few times -LRB- as is expected -RRB- , but i think that you get a lot of flow before you have to repressurize the cannister.Other than monitoring the pressure from time to time , it was a simple matter of cracking the line at each wheel cylinder/caliper and watching for clean flowing fluid without bubbles.By the way , there is a video on Youtube , which i found by accident , showing how the unit works . That is how i came across this machine in the first place.The unit is a piece of cake to use , works really well and is totally worth the money , in my opinion . If you decide to buy it and then get another car , it seems that you can just get a new adapter to fit that new car , which is a nice feature as well .
 I 've tried the MityVac for one man bleeding , and the Power Bleeder is far superior.The quality of Motive 's Power Bleeder also seems very good -LRB- though I 've only had it a short time -RRB- . This kit , with the Ford 3 tab adapter , fits Subaru master cylinders -LRB- fits my 2001 Impreza RS and 1998 Forester , should fit all Subaru 's -RRB- . One trick , do n't put fluid in the power bleeder to keep it nice and clean - just be sure to not let your reservoir go empty or else you 'll have to bleed the master cylinder .
 I bought this to flush and bleed the brakes on a couple of Ford trucks . It worked quite well but the inclusion of an 8 '' tube to connect at the bleed nippple is comically inadequate . I considered returning it just to make a point , but a better solution is to buy a 2 foot length of clear 3/8 '' tube the next time I visit a hardware store ...
 This is the correct model -LRB- 0107 -RRB- for my subaru wrx even though it is listed as ford , since it works on all cars with a similar 3-tab reservoir cap.The power bleeder works great as a one-person solution for brake bleeding . Takes some time to pump up the pressure but it works exactly as described by the instructions printed on the unit.Mine did not include a small hose to attach to the brake bleeder screws so I bought a clear hose with inner diameter of 3/16 '' and duct-taped it to a plastic soda bottle .
 This is a great product from a company with outstanding customer service . I made a mistake with the adapter I needed when I ordered this product since my car was n't listed . When I found that the adapter did n't fit , I called Motive Products and they helped me determine the right adapter and exchanged adapters with me for no charge . I just used this setup to bleed my brakes and it is much easier than the old way and can be done by one person . For brake fluid I used ATE Super Blue which makes it very easy to see when you 've completely bled a line . Great product that saves a lot of time .
 finally had the chance to use power bleeder and wow the ease of use and not needing a second person is awesome .
 You really have to push that cap into the reservoir tank . I used it on my Subaru and found it to be really hard to push it down but once I did , it worked amazing . I had all 4 brake lines flushed and bled in about 1 hour .
 Wanted a nicer air filter for my 65 Olds 442 and these measurements fit so I got it . Fit great and works great .
 A little smaller on one end than the car 's original , but able to make it work.Quality is very good .
 I am absolutely in love with the spiga style chains . This makes a perfect choker to wear dressed up . It 's very stunning and I 've gotten several complements on it . This style at the 5.0 mm or 4.0 mm are perfect alone . The thinner chains are lovely with charms/pendants on them . At the rate I have been buying these , I should own one of each length before the year is out !
 This Spiga is awesome ! I was very impressed . The chain is very heavy , nice and smooth . It 's hard to find Spigas in the store and definitely not in this quality . The chain is very substantial and I recommend ordering one size longer . Due to the thickness of the chain it fits much closer to the neck . I have a nickel allergy and really appreciate that this chain is nickel free . I 'll order another one in a different length . This is a great purchase .
 This chain is beautiful , well-made and a very good value . The link design is unique ; the clasp is high-quality . Highly recommended .
 My husband bought this for me off my wish list -LRB- 8 '' bracelet length -RRB- and wow , it 's beautiful ! The photo really does n't do it justice . It 's even prettier than I thought it would be - very bright and shiny , and heavy , too . I hope to pick up a couple more eventually . : -RRB-
 I bought an 18 '' Spiga Wheat necklace from Kmart that was very shiney but was fake . That one stuck to a magnet like glue . .925 Sterling silver and .9999 pure silver will not stick to a magnet . As soon as I recieved my 5mm , 20 '' Spiga wheat necklace I tested it and it 's the real deal . I love it . It 's not a hollow chain , this thing has weight to it . I do n't give out five stars often but this one hit it out of the park . I plan to buy another one soon . I just hope they have this in an 8mm . A +
 Im the kind of guy who looks for alternative materials because I destroy gold and silver chains . I dont know what Sabrina silver does with these Spiga chains , but they are near indestructible . Ive had the 2.3 mm sabrina silver spiga chains from before switching to the 5mm for over 4 years . Ive worn it every day and only ever taken it off for a few MRIs and Xrays . The chain has never let me down once over the course of over 4 years . Even the thinner chains are so solid they seem as strong as stainless steel . My 2.3 mm spiga chain has been abused more times than I can count . Its been pulled on and pressed on during sports , weightlifting , its been knocked around during heavy bag workouts . Ive had 400 pounds of weight bounced off of it and it barely even tarnished after those years of abuse . In fact , there were times where the only thing I worried about with thee 2.3 mm chain was that it was so strong , I could literally choke if it was pulled on hard enough , where other chains would simply break . Additionally this chain has never gotten hung up on anything like many other styles . I love this style of chain and I will only buy from Sabrina Silver.So take all that strength and style and now double it . Thats what you have in the 5mm chain . Additionally its big without looking outlandish or gaudy . The only reason I upgraded was I am wearing a bigger pendant that just made a smaller chain look a bit silly .
 If you get muddy , hunt , hike , etc. . . YOU ARE A FOOL TO BUY ANYTHING ELSE . Great item , I could not be an happier .
 Item was shipped quickly and fits my 2006 extended cab 1500 4X4 truck perfectly . Excellent product .
 My husband kept dropping hints that he wanted these floor liners . Every commercial that featured these floor liners he would mention what a great gift they would be for Christmas or our anniversary . He received them for our anniversary on December 31 . He was thrilled ! They fit his Dodge Ram pick up truck beautifully and several friends have ordered after seeing his .
 Gave these to my daughter and son-in-law for Christmas ... they loved mine and asked for some for their truck . They really like them .
 This is my first winter with my new Dodge truck . Living in NE I want to keep it clean . Weather Tech is the answer ! Carpets stay neat and clean , the liners catch everything and are themselves easy to rinse off wipe and replace
 The fit is perfect . These are excellent floor mats for a truck . I highly recommend this product over many others I have used in the past . A little more money than most other designs but it 's well spent . They look great in the truck so they are at home in a shiny one or a work truck .
 What a wonderful product technology has brought us . Something so simple and great!Exact fit and protects 110 % . Color match is perfect also.Great Buy
 We 've purchased WeatherTech products in the past for our vehicles and were always very satisfied with there durability so it made sense to outfit and protect the vehicle we have now . The factory floor mats that came with our truck served there purpose and now are being replaced by these custom fit WeatherTech floor liners till the wheels fall off !
 Almost spent 40-50 bucks at parts store for quality mats that I would have to trim to `` fit '' . Glad I spent the extra for these mats . Right out of the box and right into my truck . Perfect fit , down to the smallest detail . Excellent product !
 The mats match the factory color perfectly . The fit is near perfect , and the finish is perfect . Easy to clean , and contain all the mess . What more can you ask for ?
 The parts were a great fit with enough room to adjust the bumper . All bolts , nuts and washers were included . Directions were good .
 Works much better than pedal pumping but I made a mess before getting the flat plate adapter adjusted to seal on the master cylinder . That 's common to all pressure bleeders I 've used . I wanted a bladder type bleeder because air and moisture do n't come in contact with the brake fluid and the fluid can be stored in them . But it 's hard to justify the price as an occasional home user . You have to get over the fact that it looks like your garden sprayer and see it as a very good garden sprayer that will make brake work less tedious . This unit does what it 's supposed to do and although the fluid must be dumped out if storing it it 's a good alternative to the higher priced bladder setups . It came with adapters to fit my 98 Lincoln , 96 Chevy , 88 Mazda , 92 Ford , 93 Toyota , and 95 Eagle . I have n't tried it out on the 72 John Deere yet . Good quality materials and clear instructions that would have prevented the mess if I had read them . A shut off valve would be nice and I think I will add one to mine . The only way to depressurize the brake system is to unscrew the tank lid/pump . Not a big deal . The tank size is over kill for a home user but the extra adapters are worth it.By the way . My chemical resistant plastic garden sprayer cost about the same .
 works great a real time saver built to last great product for the money i would buy it a gain
 This is exactly what I wanted , and it fits my 2009 honda civic perfectly ! The price was also very reasonable compared to many other dashmat retailers ... some wanted as much as $ 70 , but I paid $ 36 for mine from amazon , and I am very pleased with it . The quality is great too , although it did take awhile to get here -LRB- about 2 weeks -RRB- , I am very pleased with it , and would order another one in the future .
 This dash cover is really an excellent value for the low price . But if you 're picky about the color matching the interior of your vehicle perfectly ... or if you want a precision fit and finish ... then you could be a little disappointed . I bought a caramel colored model for a 2006 Honda Civic Hybrid , and the DashMat color does n't match -LRB- or even compliment -RRB- any of the browns or tans in the vehicle . But it 's tolerable and quite usable . The fit is n't perfect either , but quite good . The quality of the materials and construction are fine .
 Spock would raise one eyebrow and perhaps quip , `` fascinating . '' Use the logic of the flawed to state your case ... and let them prove you wrong . Clever word play puts a smile on anyone 's face .
 I rate this the same as I have rated other engine models from Liberty Classics in this series : I am quite happy with this model as I believe you get what you pay for . Mostly plastic parts and I am not sure the term I ` die-cast ' applies -LRB- as most people associate die-cast with metal parts -RRB- . Nevertheless it is , at least in my book , worth the $ 25 or so I paid for it .
 This item is a good looking addition to any automobile , however the hooks ar a hard plastic that when tugged on have a tendency to break . I just snapped one off this week during the cold weather while removing the bra in preparation for washing the car .
 Installed these in my VW 2.0 AEG which my scan tool was showing multiple misfires . These plugs are the same as OEM and recommended for this engine . I checked the gap and got it as close as I could , these seem to be hard to adjust compared to traditional single ground plugs so some care should be taken . After doing the plugs I replaced the plug cables as well , I ran a scan and the misfire was gone . They say mileage on these is 20K , I had 35K on the ones that were removed which was way overdue and was killing performance and MPG .
 These are the plugs the 1.8 T used to come with . For years I just went with the revised plugs from the dealer which seem to change every now and then and are single electrode platinum I believe . A sacrifice in performance for a longer service life in my opinion . These are great for those of us who have performance mods and do n't mind a bit shorter life from our plugs . I 'll stick with these from now on !
 replaced old ones with these , seems to be working fine now , do n't know how long will last . Did not notice any power enhancement . will see if efficiency is improved after this tank
 I installed these plugs in my 2000 VW Jetta . I was feeling a bit of a misfire at idle before the new plugs . Now my old Jetta runs smooth again . The engine feels stronger . This is especially noticeable on hills . Plugs are not real easy to change on these Jettas . Mine has the 2.0 AEG engine . I 'm up to 208,000 miles and still running strong .
 Fit exactly as it should . I ca n't tell any difference between the performance of this fan and the original -LRB- when it worked -RRB- . It 's super hard to transfer the old fan blades to a new motor that does n't have them mounted . I tried and it did n't work . This fan comes with the blades installed and the right connector for my 2004 Honda Accord EX . It was a real pain to get the old one out and this one back it but it saved me $ 250 in labor and who knows how much for the new motor , probably $ 150 . Took me 2 hours the first time around with the crappy replacement and about an hour with this one since I had been in there before . Use a deep 10mm socket with extension , philips screwdriver , and a flat head screwdriver . Removed the 2 bolts attached to the dash on the right side against the door , removed the screws that hold the glove box hinges underneath and the screw that holds the device on the right side of the glove box that keeps it from falling open -LRB- it does n't matter which order -RRB- . Pull back the passenger side carpet and remove the 4 nuts that hold the ECM in -LRB- it has a protective steel plate over it and it 's where the passenger 's feet would sit normally . It has 3 plugs attached to it that can be removed easily if you press in the small button in the middle of the connector where it plugs in . The air system is housed in the big black plastic boxes right behind where the glove box was . They are two boxes connected in the middle with a steel bracket that wraps around . Remove the screw that holds the steel bracket at the top and slide it out of it 's connection on the bottom . It has a cable connected to it , disconnect the cable by pushing in the button in the middle and just let the cable and bracket hang out of the way . There are 3 cables that connect to the box you want to remove on the right side on the bottom . Disconnect them by pressing the button in the middle where they attach and be sure to tuck the cables that go to the car into the plastic covering on the right so they are n't in the way when you pull the box out -LRB- it will be tight -RRB- . There are 2 nuts on the top and 2 on the bottom that hold the box in . Notice that some are slots that merely require the nut to be loosened and it can slide out while some are holes that must have the nut removed . I just removed all of them . This is where you have to fight with it a little . Just wiggle it a little and pull the dash out about 6 inches or so -LRB- that 's why you removed the bolts earlier ! -RRB- . You 'll be glad you removed the ECM at this point . Once you get it out do n't remove all of the screws , just the screws in the middle that hold the two halves together . Also remove the metal clips that serve the same purpose , to do it just push your flat head screwdriver into on side and pry down just a little and it will pop off . There are two covers over the arms that open and close some doors inside the unit . This is difficult to explain but there is a white plastic servo arm type thing under each cover . It 's attached to a door inside the unit with a metal bar . You have to get that metal bar out of the plastic arm thing or else you wo n't be able to open the box . Once you get the box open you just remove the screws for the old fan , pull it out , install the new fan exactly how the old fan was -LRB- it only fits one way -RRB- and follow all of these directions in reverse . Note that I noticed the foam that forms the seal for some connections was basically powder after all of these years . I bought some 7/8 '' deep 1/2 '' wide foam window sealing strips from Home Depot for $ 3.50 , removed the old foam and installed the new foam in its place . Good luck and feel free to comment if you have a question . I could n't really find anything good on youtube or anywhere else . There are some diagrams if you look hard .
 I am absolutely in love with the spiga style chains . This makes a perfect choker to wear dressed up . It 's very stunning and I 've gotten several complements on it . This style at the 5.0 mm or 4.0 mm are perfect alone . The thinner chains are lovely with charms/pendants on them . At the rate I have been buying these , I should own one of each length before the year is out !
 This Spiga is awesome ! I was very impressed . The chain is very heavy , nice and smooth . It 's hard to find Spigas in the store and definitely not in this quality . The chain is very substantial and I recommend ordering one size longer . Due to the thickness of the chain it fits much closer to the neck . I have a nickel allergy and really appreciate that this chain is nickel free . I 'll order another one in a different length . This is a great purchase .
 This chain is beautiful , well-made and a very good value . The link design is unique ; the clasp is high-quality . Highly recommended .
 My husband bought this for me off my wish list -LRB- 8 '' bracelet length -RRB- and wow , it 's beautiful ! The photo really does n't do it justice . It 's even prettier than I thought it would be - very bright and shiny , and heavy , too . I hope to pick up a couple more eventually . : -RRB-
 I bought an 18 '' Spiga Wheat necklace from Kmart that was very shiney but was fake . That one stuck to a magnet like glue . .925 Sterling silver and .9999 pure silver will not stick to a magnet . As soon as I recieved my 5mm , 20 '' Spiga wheat necklace I tested it and it 's the real deal . I love it . It 's not a hollow chain , this thing has weight to it . I do n't give out five stars often but this one hit it out of the park . I plan to buy another one soon . I just hope they have this in an 8mm . A +
 Im the kind of guy who looks for alternative materials because I destroy gold and silver chains . I dont know what Sabrina silver does with these Spiga chains , but they are near indestructible . Ive had the 2.3 mm sabrina silver spiga chains from before switching to the 5mm for over 4 years . Ive worn it every day and only ever taken it off for a few MRIs and Xrays . The chain has never let me down once over the course of over 4 years . Even the thinner chains are so solid they seem as strong as stainless steel . My 2.3 mm spiga chain has been abused more times than I can count . Its been pulled on and pressed on during sports , weightlifting , its been knocked around during heavy bag workouts . Ive had 400 pounds of weight bounced off of it and it barely even tarnished after those years of abuse . In fact , there were times where the only thing I worried about with thee 2.3 mm chain was that it was so strong , I could literally choke if it was pulled on hard enough , where other chains would simply break . Additionally this chain has never gotten hung up on anything like many other styles . I love this style of chain and I will only buy from Sabrina Silver.So take all that strength and style and now double it . Thats what you have in the 5mm chain . Additionally its big without looking outlandish or gaudy . The only reason I upgraded was I am wearing a bigger pendant that just made a smaller chain look a bit silly .
 They are n't kidding when they say custom item it fits perfectly covers every inch of my dashboard I love it and the color matches my carpeting which is lovely I order the smoke grey which is basically a rich dark grey I 'm happy happy happy I love it I love it &#8857; &#65103; &#8857; it 's so hard to find custom parts for Toyota Previa in a decent price range but with this the price is perfect and the product fits wonderfully I recommend this to anyone with a Toyota Previa and to anyone that just needs the perfect ash Matt &#9825; &#9829; &#9825; &#9829; &#9825;
 Item was as advertised and fit perfect . Good look and fit made the front look new again . I would recommend this to a friend .
 i havent installed the lights yet but i just opened them just to find out they dont have any of the assembly parts so now i have to go buy the screws needed to install them . maybe , they expect you to use your old screws ... and i would have but my car came with no turn signal for me to use the old ones . dang it .
 Installed these to replace 15 year old shocks . People have said they are too firm , but I like the feel the give . Need to get a set for the fronts .
 My old shocks had about 110,000 miles on them , so I suspect anything new would be better . The Monroe 's were fairly easy to install if you have an impact wrench , and the ride is greatly improved .
 I 've had these shocks on my truck for several weeks and I 'm satisfied with the ride and handling -- the feel seems to be comparable to the original OEM shocks . There is , however , one problem
 I am absolutely in love with the spiga style chains . This makes a perfect choker to wear dressed up . It 's very stunning and I 've gotten several complements on it . This style at the 5.0 mm or 4.0 mm are perfect alone . The thinner chains are lovely with charms/pendants on them . At the rate I have been buying these , I should own one of each length before the year is out !
 This Spiga is awesome ! I was very impressed . The chain is very heavy , nice and smooth . It 's hard to find Spigas in the store and definitely not in this quality . The chain is very substantial and I recommend ordering one size longer . Due to the thickness of the chain it fits much closer to the neck . I have a nickel allergy and really appreciate that this chain is nickel free . I 'll order another one in a different length . This is a great purchase .
 This chain is beautiful , well-made and a very good value . The link design is unique ; the clasp is high-quality . Highly recommended .
 My husband bought this for me off my wish list -LRB- 8 '' bracelet length -RRB- and wow , it 's beautiful ! The photo really does n't do it justice . It 's even prettier than I thought it would be - very bright and shiny , and heavy , too . I hope to pick up a couple more eventually . : -RRB-
 I bought an 18 '' Spiga Wheat necklace from Kmart that was very shiney but was fake . That one stuck to a magnet like glue . .925 Sterling silver and .9999 pure silver will not stick to a magnet . As soon as I recieved my 5mm , 20 '' Spiga wheat necklace I tested it and it 's the real deal . I love it . It 's not a hollow chain , this thing has weight to it . I do n't give out five stars often but this one hit it out of the park . I plan to buy another one soon . I just hope they have this in an 8mm . A +
 Im the kind of guy who looks for alternative materials because I destroy gold and silver chains . I dont know what Sabrina silver does with these Spiga chains , but they are near indestructible . Ive had the 2.3 mm sabrina silver spiga chains from before switching to the 5mm for over 4 years . Ive worn it every day and only ever taken it off for a few MRIs and Xrays . The chain has never let me down once over the course of over 4 years . Even the thinner chains are so solid they seem as strong as stainless steel . My 2.3 mm spiga chain has been abused more times than I can count . Its been pulled on and pressed on during sports , weightlifting , its been knocked around during heavy bag workouts . Ive had 400 pounds of weight bounced off of it and it barely even tarnished after those years of abuse . In fact , there were times where the only thing I worried about with thee 2.3 mm chain was that it was so strong , I could literally choke if it was pulled on hard enough , where other chains would simply break . Additionally this chain has never gotten hung up on anything like many other styles . I love this style of chain and I will only buy from Sabrina Silver.So take all that strength and style and now double it . Thats what you have in the 5mm chain . Additionally its big without looking outlandish or gaudy . The only reason I upgraded was I am wearing a bigger pendant that just made a smaller chain look a bit silly .
 I was concerned about the longevity of these bulbs because the price was soooo looow . I figured they were cheaply constructed . I used these in my wife 's Saturn , installing a few bulbs over a year ago . None have burned out . I 'm happy with these lamps .
 This bulb was the exact replacement for my 2001 Saturn L200 rear window break light . This light asssembly has about 6 of these little lights and they are super expense if I buy them at the dealers . Plus since Saturn is now `` out of business '' it will be even more costly and harder to find , at the garage . So I am glad I found them here . They installed in a heartbeat and I was able to circumvent the charge , by the garage that does my annual State inspection , by replacing these myself ... simple task !
 Two years ago I needed 4 of these for my car inspection . I drove to five autoparts stores and was only able to find two . The service stations charged $ 7.00 per bulb to replace them . This year I only needed 3 bulbs , but the service stations now charge $ 7.50 . That would have cost me $ 22.50 plus tax . So I save about $ 10 and I have 7 bulbs left over .
 Purchased this set to replace my front pads on my 2003 Ford F150 crewcab truck . Did the work myself and was a simple proceedure . No noise from these pads and havent noticed any unusual brake dust although my stock pads dusted allot ! I havent noticed any difference in braking either ! Great replacement value !
 My 1998 Ford Expedition 2WD was very scary on a windy day , near impossible to keep on the road , now with my new Ranchos installed it drives GREAT even in 30mph wind and rain we had last week.The cost of these was very reasonable and installation was simple , product included all hardware and mounts , no instruction sheet .
 These are bright white light.Nice if you have to drive a lot on foggy nights .
 I got this as a Christmas gift . This looks great on the front of my truck and was very easy to install .
 Product was to expectation . A little harder to put on than indicated . Clips were snug and had to tapped on with a rubber mallet . Foam vibration/rub pads had lost their sticky and were a little hard to keep up with . No real way to measure for centerness , or expected depth behind grille -LRB- did have to loosen and remove several bolts on my 2008 F150 to get it installed -RRB- .
 I love this product . Installed easy enough and with the edge attachments there is no movement of the deflector at all . Looks awesome on the truck as well as functional . great product !
 This `` bug '' shield fit very nice on my F-150 truck . It looks great and was easy to install . I had some rust showing on the edges of the hood and this shield covered them up .
 The instructions were pretty good . It took me a little while to figure out how to get the grill off the hood of the truck which took the longest time .
 very quick n easy didnt hav 2 take off front grill n bug guard has no white lettering on it
 When moisture got into our headlight we knew it needed to be replaced . My husband called to get various estimates which were more than twice what we ended up spending just because I wondered if Amazon had something like this . Who knew!It came very well packaged . The mechanic who installed it recommended cleaning the other one with toothpaste -LRB- another ` Who knew ! ' moment -RRB- as the difference between the new and old was disconcerting . The toothpaste did such a great job my husband cleaned my son 's old car 's lights too , which make them look like they have all been replaced .
 You need them what more to say get good ones
 I have tried several aftermarket and OEM parts for my high mileage vehicles . NAPA had just the ball joint for $ 70 that I 'd have to press into my old rusted A-arm and still reuse the bushings and everything else . For a little more I was able to get an OEM delco arm with ball joint and bushings that slipped right on in a matter of minutes . First one lasted over 130,000 mi , I expect the same of this one . Worth every penny !
 ordered arms , they were quickly shipped . they are constructed of great quality materials . they were a perfect fit the first time . would recommend anytime .
 Awesome product ; great quaility and fast delivery . This was Easy to install and works great . Just like the factory . I will be buying one for other side and my other truck as well .
 I installed the kit myself . The car is MUCH stiffer , and does n't roll in corners . I have sway bars and an adjustable panhardbar -LRB- necessary -RRB- . I was ready for new dampers and decided to replace the whole system with this kit , I would recommend this product to people who feel the car is sloppy .
 Fixed my rough ride and bouncing down the road ... really worth the effort of replacing the old ones with these . Thanks
 Great product and excellent ride on my 05 gmc crew cab . Only downfall is that I notice the truck height is tiny bit lower than the stock shocks . Not a problem though . Rides like new again after 99000 miles on it .
 worked great instauled just as an oem part from acura would and a lot cheeper would buy again and recomend for others
 Short and sweet
 This was really a great product and was as advertised . I had a very fast and easy installation and afterwards I found Rancho shocks to deliver a smooth ride .
 StrongSolidMaterials with a high degreeAppropriate to the size of the filterI can not say more than wonderful
 Works great , pre-filters sand , grit , and splashed water . Will keep the oiled K&N cleaner longer . Wish it was water resistant longer than the indicated 6 months . Buy it , it is well worth though .
 The shocks work well . They were difficult to install on the rear of my Sport trac . With a bit of perseverance I got it done .
 I purchased these shocks to replace the worn ones on my old Ford Explorer . Installation was easy to perform . The ride with these shocks is dramatically improved over the original shocks . I 'm very pleased with them . The price was great on Amazon .
 Product was as described and advertise arrive on time or within the promise arrival time , totally satisfied with my purchase , Price was good
 Bought this for a 2007 Civic LX and it went in perfectly . No issue with fitment and it took less than 2 minutes to take out the old dirty one and replace it with this new Wix filter . In my opinion , a filter 's a filter . If it fits , it 'll work as it was intended to.And plus , it 's a great way to save several bucks by not having to go to the dealership , or even to a mom and pop auto mechanic shop to have something as easy as replacing the cabin air filter .
 Most dealerships will charge you 25 for the filter and about another 50 to change it . $ 75 and the dealer will do 90 seconds of work . I have a 2005 Honda Accord .1 -RRB- Open glove box .2 -RRB- On right side , unhook little arm .3 -RRB- Squeeze left and right sides of glove box and pull down .4 -RRB- Look in and see door for filter and tabs on left and right side .5 -RRB- Unlock tabs and pull out .6 -RRB- Replace Filter with new one *** Make sure to match direction of Air Flow *** Downward on my accord7 -RRB- Put everything back together .8 -RRB- Enjoy fresher air , and a fatter wallet .
 I used this to replace the cabin filter in my 2010 Honda Civic Coupe . After hearing that the dealership charges nearly a hundred bucks to replace this filter , I was looking for alternatives.Buying the OEM cabin filter from the dealership and replacing myself was an option , but the OEM filter was around twenty five bucks . Still sounds a little pricy to replace just this filter.Finding the Wix filter was a great deal at half the price that the dealership charges and found the way to replace the filter online.Just empty out your glove box , push the sides of the glove box in so it could swing down . This exposes the filter housing . Push the tabs on either side to slide it out and just replace the filter . Just make sure that you insert the new filter with the proper flow direction as the old one . ** Extra Tip ** Leave a dryer sheet in there with the filter and you have an inexpensive `` air freshener '' for your car and it does n't have to be clipped on to your vents . : -RRB-
 Dealer wanted $ 110 . I did it on my own with this and 20 minutes of youtube where someone showed me how . Easy . Cheaper than dealer . I did notice a difference in air quality .
 Very high quality cabin air filter by Wix -LRB- who has a fine reputation for filters in general . -RRB- It was a perfect fit in a 2008 Honda CR-V . It took longer to organize the stuff in the glove compartment than it did to change the filter ... maybe three minutes ? Instructions are in a little piece of paper in the box . Be sure to fasten the ends of the filter to the tray -LRB- see how the old filter goes in before you remove it from the tray . -RRB- Hard to believe the dealer wants about $ 100 labor for this and the engine air filter ... -LRB- oh - that one takes about five minutes ! -RRB-
 It looks and feels as light as it looks . It fits and works perfectly . I would recommend this as an OEM replacement filter .
 Exactly as the original . good fit and price . I bought it for a 2009 Honda CR-V . Is the second one I buy and so far no complains .
 Recently swapped out my old cabin air filter for this new Wix cabin air filter . When I slid out the old cabin air filter it was covered in dust and leaves from the fall -LRB- disgusting -RRB- . Seriously people change these things out at the start of every winter , you 'll be glad you did . The new filter slide right in the factory housing and fit perfectly . Snapped it back in place and bam , done in five minutes . Watch YouTube for videos on how to do this it saves you at least $ 60 that the dealer would tack on for labor and markup on the filter .
 I bought this cabin air filter when it was time to replace the cabin air filter that came in my 2012 Honda Crosstour . I have used this filter during a couple of other changes at 15,000 mile intervals and it does a good job of catching debris and small particles .
 A combination of Honda engineering -LRB- no screws -RRB- and a perfect fit , it took 20 seconds to replace the old cabin filter.Flip open the glove box , take old filter out , put new filter in , put glove box back.Easy packaging , no mess ... Happy customer !
 I ca n't believe how much the dealer wanted to charge to change out my cabin filter ... 65 bux ! This product looks very close to the same quality as the one I pulled out , and the install literally took less than a minute . Could n't be happier or more satisfied .
 The product is working great . The product was easy to install . The price was very competiive . The product was shipped and recieved in a very short time .
 This is a good fit and easy to change . I should have changed the dirty filter a long time ago . It took less than two minutes .
 Decided to change this filter myself . After some research , it is very easy and this filter was the perfect match at a great price , arrived on time and in perfect condition .
 This filter also perfectly fits the Ford Freestyle / Five Hundred . The location is behind the glovebox but the molded plenum cutout needs to be carefully cut-out -LRB- between the lines -RRB- using a sharp knife or glove-held hacksaw blade -LRB- my preference -RRB- . Pop the filter in and cover it with foil tape and you are good to go where there was no factory filter before .
 Try to find a cabin air filter of this quality anywhere near the price that it is being sold on Amazon . Replacement is easy -LRB- it 's in the glove compartment -RRB- and your Honda owners manual will show you how to do it .
 When I bought my 08 Acura TL , the previous owner was a smoker . At first I thought I could Febreeze the interior and it would go away . But I noticed that every time I turned on the AC , it would smell really bad . Then I thought to change the cabin air filter.This was one of the easiest DIY job I 've ever done , definitely a 1 -LRB- 1-10 , 1 being an oil change -RRB- . Most of the cabin air filters are located behind the glove box.Just make sure the air flow arrow points the same direction as the air flow arrow on the housing , or else it might not filter air correctly.For added freshness , I put 2 of these -LRB- Gain Dryer Sheets with Freshlock , Original Scent , 80 Loads , 80-count -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- -RRB- in there ... MAN what a difference!You wont regret changing it ! Trust me !
 The WIX cabin filter seems to be a solid product . When compared with the Honda OEM filter , I can tell no difference . After installing the new filter , that strange stale air smell that I had been experiencing went right away ... clearly I need to replace my filter more often ! : -RRB- Overall , I would see no reason to not purchase this filter again . It came packaged well , arrived fast and took 30 seconds to install in my 2006 Honda Accord Coupe.Good Luck !
 I do n't have a way to determine how many microns the filter level is , nor do I know the percentage of particles filtered out by this product . But what I do know is , assuming the filter works to the same spec as OEM , the price is much more reasonable .
 This is probably the easiest type of ` maintenance ' you can do to your car . I own a 2006 Honda Civic Si , and have replaced the cabin filter twice now . You simply open the glove box , pinch in the sides a little , and pull it down to get access to the filter location . The entire process takes 2 minutes . I 'm not sure how much the dealer charges to do this , but I 'm sure it 's not worth it . My old filter had a lot of dust in it , so it was due for a change . Highly recommend this product .
 I installed this in a Acura RDX . The installation was a breeze ... did this in a parking lot and it took about 30 seconds to install .
 I did n't even know my vehicle had a cabin air filter until the dealership wanted to change it and charge me an arm and leg to do it . Did some research , found this on Amazon and changed it myself . Saved a ton of money and helped improve the air quality inside my Odyssey . Change it once a year and buy it from amazon .
 These are probably not the best filters on the market , but they seem to do the job just fine and the price is reasonable . I replace my cabin filters fairly regularly , about every 8 months or so , or if I notice the air in the car smelling odd . If you buy this filter with either the WIX 49157 air filter -LRB- 2008 Civic -RRB- or the FRAM CA10467 air filter -LRB- 2008 Accord -RRB- it qualifies for free shipping . It 's fairly easy to replace both the air and cabin filters on these model Hondas and the internet has plenty of tips and directions .
 Not much else to say . . it 's just as described , and fits into my car . Saves me the hassle of going into a shop , when i 'm not in an immediate rush to swap filters
 Bought this for my daughter-in-law . Was worried that I would not get the right one like I do when I go to the local auto parts store half the time . Pleasantly , it was correct , as advertised , and it was the right item I had ordered . I will be ordering again and I expect that if tell this seller will provide exactly what part I need for exactly which year , make and model of car the part is for . I like ordering parts this way as well as saving big bucks .
 OEM function at a lower price . Replacing these filters in a Honda is easier than replacing wiper blades . This part fits like OEM filter when installed .
 I got a price from the garage to replace this filter as a part of normal change outs and this part was easy to change and save myself some $ .
 Nice and square . Better price then the dealership . Work as the way it is intended to be . If you do n't feel this would be good enough in quality , change more frequently .
 Why pay the dealer a high price to do a five minute job that the parts are available for a great price .
 This was the second time I have replaced the cabin filter . Not wanting to pay dealer prices , I chose a non-OEM -LRB- non-WIX -RRB- filter the first time . I was a little disappointed in the surface area -LRB- i.e. the number of pleats -RRB- that my first replacement filter had - about 2/3 when compared to OEM . However , I knew there would be a compromise with the price . This time around , I chose WIX because of previous experience and price . I was anticipating the `` same '' filter as the first non-OEM , but was pleasantly surprised when I opened the box and found it to be on par with the original Honda filter -LRB- with 50 % more pleats than my first replacement -RRB- . For the price and performance , it ca n't be beat . This is the filter I will be using for all future changes !
 My contractor wanted to charge $ 100 to come out , and then $ 120 for the filter ! I had him show me how to change it and it looked super easy , so I told him I was going to look for it myself . Imagine how amazed I was when I found it for a fraction of the price . Ironically the shipping was almost as much as the filter ! I only ordered one this time to make sure it fit , but next time I will order a bunch at once to make the shipping cost worthwhile . You can do this ! I am a mildly handy mom and I managed with no problem ... and no help from anyone ! To make sure the filter is the right one , I just searched for the product number - label underneath the humidifier on the system .
 Do n't you hate it when you have to replace your air filter or cabin air filter and the prices your service tech or dealership quotes you makes you want to pass out ? That much ??? Just to replace a filter ? I learned long ago that it makes much more sense to buy and replace them yourself . Great price - great quality !
 Bought for 2005 acura tsx , installs easily and fits perfectly ... have bought different cabin air filters in the past that did n't fit and I had to smush the last few rows of those filters to make it fit but this one is spot on .
 The air filter shipped fast and fit my 2007 V6 Accord perfectly . The install took less than a minute and I could tell a difference right away . The musty smell from the old filter was gone and if I took it to the dealer to do the same , they would have charge me 49.99 . Talk about markup !
 Wix Filters are a great alternative to Dealer items . Used this on a 2007 Acura TL with absolutely no issues , great value . Looked up a video on Youtube on how to replace and had it done in just a few minutes with simple tools , great savings from the dealer quote for such an easy job .
 Filter Fits Honda Odyssey as described . Takes literally 3 mins to install behind the globebox ...
 Fits as a replacement to the OEM cabin filter of a 2006 Honda Accord V6 . It is a good value compared to buying an OEM replacement .
 With the standard shipping the product was received in 5 days which was unexpected . Installation was simple and the filter was a perfect fit for the application . I had purchased no name filters previously that did n't fit properly and required minor adjustments to fit . This was a perfect fit and replacement took all of 2 minutes . Great product and just one more reason to buy a recognized brand .
 Very nice filter media that fit directly into the old fixture that I pulled out from behind the glove box . It literally took me 2 minutes and saved me $ 65 . 2009 Accord - open the glove box and push forward on the clip on the right hand side of the open glove box , squeeze the glove box on the left and right in an inward direction and the box will drop down to expose the filter behind the glove box ... so easy . Reverse to re-install
 Not much to say about this other than it is very high quality , exact fit , has great air flow , long lasting , and saves you a lot of money compared to purchasing at an auto store or having your dealer install.Really , what more is there to say ?
 Its a good quality cabin filter from Wix.DO NOT go to the dealer to have this replaced if you have a Honda . Installation is a walk in the park on 90 % of post 03 Honda 's ! Why pay a full hours labor for something that can be done in 5 minutes -LRB- 10 minutes if you have two left hands and a reading and comprehension problem -RRB- : - -RRB-
 As others have chimed in , this filter seems to do its duty . The fit is good and it filters the vast majority of junk trying to make its way into the cabin of your car.This size , which fit my Honda Civic , did fit nicely , however the Wix filter was n't quite as sturdy as the OEM Honda filter that came with the car . This seems to be the overall comment made by others as well.However , sturdy does n't really define what a good cabin air filter needs to be . So while it is just a tad more flimsy , I think it still does a great job . Besides , Wix is known to make a quality filter.If anything else , my dealership wanted $ 118 for changing out this filter ! I bought this from Amazon for $ 13 ? The installation is easier than any other air filter change out there . For my Civic , remove all the junk from your glove box , lower your glove box past the stopper tabs , unclip the front flap of the cabin filter , pull out filter , replace.No joke , the installation of this filter took less than 3 minutes . Save yourself $ 100 by not going to the dealership for this item.Good luck !
 I have 3 vehicles that all use air cabin filters . It amazes me how much the service center at the car dealership wants to charge customers to install these ! I 've had quotes between $ 75 and $ 90 for each of my cars . It literally took me about 5 minutes to install these.I 've been using the Wix filters for quite some time , change them about once per year . They really seem to capture a lot of dirt without obstructing airflow . I notice in the spring I have less pollen inside my car when I have the Wix filter in place.Good price , easy to install , works well , and I keep a lot of extra $ in my pocket by doing this myself .
 Fit perfect , took about 30 min to get glove box lowered to access filter location , Odyssey box a little more of a challenge than Accord . Saved about $ 65 for my effort .
 I replaced my disgustingly dirty filter with this nice Wix cabin filter.It mounts just like the original on my 06 Acura TL.RM
 While the construction of this filter is paper and glue , and the price is , well , pricey for paper and glue , you really need a new one if the existing one in your car is over 2 years old . The one I pulled out of my Honda Accord was practically black with contaminants . Installation is relatively easy if you have the Honda service manual ; if not , the internet should yield suitable instructions -LRB- the filter box is located behind the glove compartment -RRB- .
 this is one of the easiest things you can replace in your car . my honda civic at its regular oil change , the dealer informed me @ xxxxx miles you should replace the cabin air filter . when i asked how much , they told me it was going to be around $ 120 . i refused recalling that i saw a very simple DIY on -LSB- ... -RSB- and so my plan to save $ 100 dollars began.you take out your glove compartment box , by squeezing the ends of the sides and move the glove box towards you and the cabin air filter box should be exposed . remove the cabin air filter from the car , take out the air filter and put in your new and clean wix filter you bought at amazon . now you simply put eveything back the way it was and you 're done ! simple enough right?the quality of this filter imo is good , it feels like the OEM filter from honda . so far i have no problems . my last words for this review is to spray the filter with febreeeze or put dryer sheets around the filter -LRB- tight squeeze -RRB- so whenever you turn on your a/c it smells like a fresh scent . i put dryer sheets in mine so my car smells like fresh laundry when the a/c is on : -RRB-
 I 'm embarrassed to say that I did not even know my Honda Civic had an air filter for the cabin . My BMW and Audi in the past had them , but I just assumed that the inexpensive Honda did not have anything . When I went to buy an engine air filter on Amazon , I thought it was a joke that they were pairing the item with a cabin air filter . Well , no joke , the Honda Civic has a cabin filter and it 's hidden away in a little drawer tucked behind the glove box . It was very easy to replace , once I knew that it was in there . You just open your glove box , push in the sides a little bit so the stoppers will let it swing all the way down , and then you will see the black face of the drawer for the filter behind . It just slides right out , swap out the new filter for the dirty one , and slide it back in . The only thing to watch for is to make sure the arrows showing the flow of air are lined up together . The drawer in the Honda had the arrow for airflow pointing downward , so I made sure the arrow on the side of the air filter was also pointing downward when I installed it.That 's it . Ten minute job at most , even if you take time to explore around behind your glovebox .
 I purchased my 2009 Honda Accord EX-L in March 2009 and drive it around Virginia every day ; almost 40k miles in one year ! Needless to say I like to invest in good parts and keep it well maintained . I was amazed at how much debris got into the OEM cabin air filter in just the first year . I had a 2002 Accord coupe before purchasing this vehcile and remember the cabin air filter being much harder to change . NOT the case with the 2009 Accord . In a matter of 2-3 minutes TOPS I had the old filter out and the new one installed . You basically just disconnect the side glove box connector , squeeze in the sides of the glvoe box and voila the glove box folds down . Pull out the filter box by pushing in the compression clips and out it comes . When I started my engine and turned on the AC I could immediately tell the difference in the better smell.I am going to change this out at least once per year from now on . You save around $ 50 doing it yourself !
 If you own a Honda , this is the best cabin filter you can buy . The built quality is top notch , on par with OEM , with the addition of micro-bacterial coating . It fits perfectly into filter box , unlike some other competing brands . If you catch it on sale , you can buy more at a time and replace them more often.If you are trying to decide between different brands , here is what I found buying filters over 10 years of owning my Accord . All filters work . If you want good air quality inside your car , it 's very important to change them regularly , like you do with furnace filters at home , every 6-12 months . I have have bought OEM , Bosch , Purolator , Wix , Fram regular , and Fram Fresh Breeze , depending on what was on sale at a time . In my opinion , here is how they stack up
 This filter seems to be as good as the Honda item . The dealer wanted $ 65 to change it because `` it is hard to get to and takes a bit of time '' . Har-de-har . It takes about 2 minutes -LRB- or less -RRB- to replace -LRB- drop the glove box lid , pop out the filter-holder , replace the filter , pop the holder back in , put the glove-box lid back -RRB- and seems to do the job just fine .
 This is a direct fit for the oem caban air filter . Wix is a great company majoring in filtration . Remember the one arrow that comes on this filter is meaning the direction of airflow . Many other makes of vehicles will have two arrows one saying insert this end first and the other arrow saying something like insert with this arrow facing up . If this filter fits your vehicle the instruction process is not like my example but just the direction of airflow . If you have a question about the direction of airflow of your vehicle it is most likely going down . Also , it may also be labled on the compartment door for your filter itself , not the glovebox door .
 Dealer wanted 75.00 to change this in-cabin filter . My car has 44k miles and the filter was so dirty it was n't even funny . There is tutorial video on youtube that shows exactly how to replace it ... VERY easy to do and done in less than 2 minutes . Fits any 8th generation Honda Civic .
 I was in the Honda dealership in Kingman , Arizona having routine maintenance done on my 2009 Civic LX . Honda checked my engine and in-cabin air filters and showed me that BOTH were dirty and needed replacing . I told them to go ahead and replace them . The service rep said replacing both filters typically costs about $ 105.00 . I immediately told him to skip changing the filters . $ 105 ? I could n't believe replacement filters were that much.We stopped by WalMart on the way home to check their prices for replacements . $ 35.00 for both.I 've bought auto parts from Amazon before and saved a ton of money , so I checked their prices . I got both air filters PLUS an oil filter -LRB- which I 'll eventually need -RRB- for $ 29.00 . All products were eligible for free shipping -LRB- and no sales tax -RRB- . Guess what ? I just saved almost 25 % by not buying from my local Kingman WalMart , AND I got a good Fram oil filter to boot!Lessons learned ... 1 -RRB- DO N'T BUY ANYTHING other than service from a Honda dealership . Their markup is ludicrous .2 -RRB- Unless you need it NOW , DO N'T BUY ANYTHING from WalMart that you can get at Amazon . You 'll save a bundle - cheaper prices , no sales tax , and no gas used to go shopping !
 My old filter was in fact filthy , was getting an recall done at the dealer , and they inspected the filter , and said they ccould change it for only $ 98.00 , and then offered a $ 20.00 off coupon . I googled the filter , saw it on Amazon for way less , then YouTube had a bunch of videos on how to install it.I got the filter , and in literally under 2 minutes , had it changed .
 I have a 2007 Honda CRV with 67,000 miles on it , I purchased it around 40,000 miles . I 've never touched the cabin air filter , apparently neither had the previous owner . I really viewed them as silly , until I removed the one that was in there . When you consider all the times you 're in the car with the windows closed , this is $ 12 well spent.I 'm a pretty handy guy , but as I said , I had never bothered with a cabin air filter before . It 's easier than changing the engine air filter , just get the glove box to drop lower than normal by unhooking some hooks , then it 's staring you right in the face . This filter looked very similar to the existing filter , seems to be working great .
 The dealership wanted thirty dollars for the filter . Ordered it online with the help of the vehicle service by Amazon . Way to easy for this city girl to change .
 Wanted to avoid getting filter replaced by the dealer , hence got the Wix cabin and air filter and replaced myself . The products fit perfectly -LRB- Amazon 's car match helps immensely -RRB- and changing was a snap with extremely helpful online tips and youtube videos .
 Fit our 2008 Honda Accord like a glove . Quality filter and 1/10th the cost of having the dealer do the job .
 This fit my 2009 Honda Accord EX-L perfectly . Would definitely order again rather than paying the dealership . Installed in less than 2 minutes .
 Great fit , and super easy to install . Ca n't imagine anyone paying a dealer 1/2 hour of labor to install something that takes 5 minutes to install . I think I spent more time getting everything out and back into my glove box than I did unhooking the glove box and installing this filter .
 this cabin air filter is way cheaper than the one manufacture sell for and it work just as fine as the other one
 This will save you lots of money , especially on labor , you can change it in less than 1 min ! Think what the dealership will charge ?! The choice is clear , DYI !
 I have a Honda Accord and was able to install the filter in less than 5 minutes . It was very easy to do . A quick tip ... Make sure glove box is completely empty before you start or everything will be on the floor . I had the OEM Honda filter in there and put in the WIX , it was a perfect fit . I can tell the difference in the quality of the air coming out of the AC vents . Amazon was $ 10 less than my local auto parts store . I just added something else I needed in my cart to make it over $ 25 to get free shipping . I will certainly purchase another one when it 's time to replace this one .
 I purchased this filter to replace the factory cabin filter in my 2010 CR-V EX-L . I did n't realize how dirty a cabin filter could get in a year and 10 months.I was able to easily remove the factory filter which is located behind the glove box.Perfect fit and happy to get the filthy , dusty one out and replaced.Highly recommend and will purchase again .
 Just got the Wix 24815 Cabin Filter for my 2007 Honda Accord . Perfect fit and so easy to change . It took about 3 minutes and I could probably do in about 90 seconds or less in a race . Do n't pay to have this done , it 's so easy and actually fun to do.Wix 24815 Cabin Air Filter for select Acura/Honda models , Pack of 1
 Fit and looks as good as original one in my Odyssey . Save $ $ and purchase this one . I recommend it .
 This item replaces factory filter The dealer wanted $ 50.00 to replace the filter . I did it myself for less than $ 10 .
 Item fit perfectly , replaced a very nasty looking original cabin air filter -LRB- after 35k with no replacement ! -RRB- . Installed in a 2009 Honda Civic Sedan .
 I installed these on my 2008 Acura mdx & TL . They are oem quality as to be expected from wix . Fit and finish was better than the purolaters they replaced and I will be ordering these annually as long as amazon continues to carry them .
 The pain is getting to the filter compartment , once that 's accomplished , the filter does what it 's supposed to . The carbon filters do a better job with odors though .
 This fits the Honda Accord 2008 cabin . This filter does n't come with a scent but does it 's job of filtering the air . There 's not much else to say about it . It looks almost identical to my Honda OEM Cabin Air Filter .
 I took my car to the dealership to get some repairs done and they explained how my cabin air filter needs to be replaced and it would cost around $ 100 ... . I of course refused and figured it should n't be that hard to replace myself . I am no mechanic though I looked up this air filter and it fits perfectly . The installation is really easy that anyone can do it as there are many videos online to show you.I recommend this air filter as it is easier and cheaper to replace yourself than having a mechanic do it .
 The cabin filter was a perfect fit . Easy to install , saved money and a trip to the dealer or mechanic . Did n't realize how easy this was .
 My local car dealer said I needed a new hepa filter . Having no idea what that was I looked it up on google and found out it 's the inside air filter for my Honda Accord . The dealer wanted $ 68.00 to replace it . I bought the part for less than $ 15.00 and found a video on how to install it . Easy as pie . I did it in less than 5 minutes . Probably less that 2 minutes . Thank you Amazon and you tube ! I saved a pile of change .
 Works great . I trust Wix because of their high quality oil filters -LRB- they also make filters for Napa and Carquest -RRB- . This took me , literally , 30 seconds to install . Opened the glovebox , pushed in two tabs to remove the glovebox , pushed in two tabs to remove the filter holder , and swapped them . The Wix was a perfect match to the honda OEM filter . At this price , I might start replacing it more often - it 's worth it to have fresh air .
 Once you know how to remove the glove box and remove the old filter -LRB- 2005 Honda Odyssey -RRB- , replacing the new filter was a piece of cake . Dealer wanted $ 75 to replace it -LRB- costed me $ 10 -RRB- . Now I get more airflow and of course cleaner air after 50k miles on the original filter !!
 I took my 2008 Honda Accord V6 to the Honda dealer and they wanted over 100.00 to put this air filter in the cabin as well as my air filter in the engine.I did it all by myself in 5 minutes and saved over 100.00 . I recommend googling how to put a in cabin filter in a honda accord v6 AND IT WAS SO EASY TO FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS .
 Fit right in , works great . I dodnt get the stink like i used to when using the AC anymore . Took 2 mins to install .
 I recently replaced my original CabinAirFilter from my 2005 Honda Accord . Needless to say it was due ... As soon as I dropped this in there was an immediate difference in velocity and quality . Not sure if it was because the old filter was so dirty or this is a great product . I 'll give it the benefit of the doubt . Its working well , easy to install , and sure beats the price the dealership wanted to charge -LRB- $ 79.99 + tax -RRB- .
 ITs not the fault of the filter . I just had a hard time installing this because of all the hoses and wires under my hood . I would buy these again when I need to . I recommend buying these over the OEM , save some money and they are quite similar so the oem 's wont install any easier than these . You wont even know the difference , except for cost difference depending on where you get the OEM 's . I bought three of these since I like to stock up so I have it when I am in the mood to deal with it . I am not a firm believer of OEM products like this that are fairly simple .
 Fits well in the cabin filter case in 2010 Honda CRV -LRB- EX-L -RRB- . Comes with a simple instruction for the first time DIY'er . Looks almost like OEM filter . Filter material seemed bit thinner than OEM one the but not a big deal , specially when you are paying half of the price . It has an added BioShield 75 technology -LRB- which claims to traps and eliminates harmful microbes in the filter medium - accepted by EPA and USDA ! -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- Good thing is it 's made it in Europe -LRB- one thing not made in China ! -RRB- , so , I am hoping the quality will be better and it can perform well for a year . I think Honda recommends to change Air Filter every 15K but mine was really dirty after 15 months of Highway use :-LRB- so I am planning to change it every year now onwards .
 This product fit in my Honda Civic EX Sedan no problem ! Make sure you connect it in the slots on either side so air does n't escape . My AC is working better than ever !
 I bought two of these since I live in a dusty area and it works great . I am a firm believer of OEM products , but with money being tight I decided to buy these . I am glad I did since there is nothing wrong with these . I would buy these again when I need to . I recommend buying these over the OEM , save yourself some money . You wont even know the difference , except for 10-15 dollars depending on where you get the OEM 's .
 Fit perfectly took 10 seconds to install it and clean fresh air !! Thanks for making a great product and ca n't beat shipping charges ! NONE ! : -RRB-
 Fits wells and seems to filter well . Noticeable difference when exchanging out a dirty filter . Cheaper than OEM .
 the filter works , fit into my 2007 acrua TL-S . the process of getting to the cabin filter in my vehicle is pretty complicated . i must say that if you are encourage by youtube videos and want to DIY -LRB- like i did -RRB- , you are in for surprise . that youtube video of changing Acura TL cabin filter is overly simplified . the vehicle in the video has few connection broken off and make his work like 3 minute job . in reality , it took me nearly 45 minute to do everything flawlessly . do n't be afraid of broken some plastic connectors , just make sure you have super glue handy -LRB- those stuff work wonders -RRB- . i would honestly say if dealer charge 40 dollar for changing cabin filter for 04 ~ 08 acura , you should just do it at the dealer .
 Seems to work OK , but I wo n't know for about a year or more . There 's no way to know what does n't get filtered out , you can only see what 's in the filter . If the filter comes out clean , then I 'll know it is n't working . The price was excellent though ! I 'll rate it as a 4 star for the time being .
 I am hapy with the part came on time and they are fit to my car . work good and quietly
 This product delivers on the manufacturers promise
 Received product after a few days . When I got it I put it on my truck . It fits perfectly and works great . Thank you so much for the great prices and fast shipping . I will continue to buy from this seller .
 Bought this air filter to replace the stock one . Arrived on time and the fit was good . Have only ridden the bike a few times since the install , but so far all seems good .
 Best shock brand for offroading and highway installed on my XJ makes it feel so much nicer does n't feel like a fish out of water over bumps and handles extremely well when in the mud and snow . If you do n't take your vehicle in the mud this shock is not for you stick with Bilstein if you tow or dive a sports car or drive a truck to drive a truck and do n't use it as a truck . For anyone wondering this is one shock so when you order update the quality too 2 .
 Came as advertised -LRB- unlike steering stablizer -RRB- . Looking forward to intalling on my 2001 Wrangler sport .
 I ordered 2 for my 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee . Removing the Old shocks was tricky , but easy . Installation went smoothly .
 Works and looks great ! You cant beat the quality of Rancho products , they really smoothed out the Jeep Wrangler ride .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000CB7GAY Rancho RS5274 RS5288 Series Shocks just installed rs5000 shocks today and wow what a difference they make.not to mention how easy they were to install , im not much of a mechanic so i was a little timid to jump on the installation after i bought them . after staring at them for a couple days i thought i would check it out , long story short easiest thing to do ! just a couple wrenches and a sockett set . right away just backing out of the driveway no more swaying from side to side.i am in construction and enjoy getting off the beaten path on the weakend and i think these shocks will do the trick !
 Arrived well packed and seems to be a quality product . My Sentra had been taking a long time to warm up -LRB- if it ever did -RRB- , so I suspected it needed a new thermostat.Product is straight forward to install - remove thermostat housing cover , remove old thermostat , clean off old sealant , install new thermostat , add sealant -LRB- I usedPermatex Ultra Grey -RRB- , reinstall thermostat housing cover.After the install , the car warms up in less than 5 minutes.I have a couple of notes : * There was a couple v-notches on the thermostat , which I guess is a feature of the Superstat 's * The product does not have jiggle/bleeder valve , even though my OEM thermostat had one -LRB- I drilled an 1/8 '' hole instead -RRB- * 180F was not the OEM temperature for my application -LRB- 99 Sentra w / GA16DE engine -RRB- , 170F was , so double check yours !
 Great product . I write this review after using this almost 2 years without problem and still works up to date . highly recommended
 Very powerful brakes . I 've used them extensively . Will never buy anything else ! They 'll take me from 90mph DOWNHILL off the freeway to 0 without ever starting to smell . Only once have I smelled these brakes , and believe me - I was in a hurry .
 this is the best bumper sticker i have ever boughten . i bought it for my big white van with a cream door .
 fits perfectly in my 01 honda civic hx w / ac . you have to pop the inside clips of the glove box to let it down then pop open the black door to get to the first filter than slide the tab over to get to the second .
 I have 3 vehicles that all use air cabin filters . It amazes me how much the service center at the car dealership wants to charge customers to install these ! I 've had quotes between $ 75 and $ 90 for each of my cars . It literally took me about 5 minutes to install these.I 've been using the Wix filters for quite some time , change them about once per year . They really seem to capture a lot of dirt without obstructing airflow . I notice in the spring I have less pollen inside my car when I have the Wix filter in place.Good price , easy to install , works well , and I keep a lot of extra $ in my pocket by doing this myself .
 Bought these for my 2003 Honda Civic Si . They fit perfectly.Although they do not feel at sturdy as my original air filters , they work well.At first you can tell they are a bit more flimsy than stock , but after 10k they are still holding up .
 Good replacement for the old ones . Perfectly fit for my 2005 CR-V EX.Put the new ones & the old ones side by side , I see the difference : - -RRB-
 My wife 's 2007 Element needed new cabin filters , much to my surprise . She 's a non-smoker , and I had replaced them about a year and a half ago , but they were gross again . . so , instead of buying from the Honda dealership , I purchased these and saved a substantial amount of money . They 're VERY easy to install , and it 's pretty straightforward . They fit perfectly and seem to be a perfect replacement for the factory cabin filters . Definitely recommend them , and if you 've never replaced yours , you might be surprised at how gross yours may be !!
 I am not the kind of girl that likes to spend money on easy self-do-it items at the mechanics . So I do my research and if I can do it myself for a fraction of the cost then I go for it . The filters for my Honda were super easy to replace with the help of a You-Tube video . It took me maybe 20minutes but that is because my 2 yr old daughter wanted to help me out . And I like to let her , I figure she needs to learn how to do this kinda stuff anyways . lol.Anyhow if you are looking at saving money and getting a decent cabin air filter set -LRB- because not all come in a pack of 2 -RRB- then this is the right item for you . We can already notice the better air flow/air quality in our Honda civic . It was easy for me to replace . And it saved us a good chunk of money . When I took my car in for an oil change they wanted to charge me $ 25 for the part & then another $ 25 for labor , this was not including the oil change ! No thanks , I can do this myself .
 wix is good product i sold the car but im sure its great cause i use this before and it always was great
 better quality then the Fram filter :-RRB- Sturdy fram and nice pull out tabsfor my 2003 Cadillac Seville STS
 I bought these pads because of claims of quietness and little brake dust . Both are very true . Almost no brake dust after a few weeks of use . Also absolutely quiet in my installation . I will say that the initial bite is a bit less than other pads , and the online reviews state this as well . It takes a bit more pedal force than before . Overall very pleased.Updated November 12 , 2010The initial bite issue I report has since gone away as the pads and the disks broke in a bit . It took in my case over a month . The car now stops the same as the stock BMW pads . Very pleased . These pads show so little brake dust it is amazing . If I look at the rear wheels that have stock BMW pads , and the front it looks like I just washed the front wheels while the rears are filthy . I most certainly will be buying these pads again . They are still silent .
 Bought these along with the EUR683 , and my review of them is the same . These things rock . I bought these pads to replace the stock Jurid brand that came with my BMW X3 . Wow , what a difference . 2 weeks later and the dust on my wheels is the equivalent of about 2 days on my stock pads . I put new rotors on as well , and since everything was new they seemed to dust a little more than normal as the pads and rotors initially worn into each other . Now though the pedal feel and dust reduction is great . The feel is definitely different . It 's not quite the same bite as the old pads , but if you need to stop in a hurry , they 'll stop you . I do n't drive like an idiot so a slight loss in performance for some major dust reduction is so worth it to me .
 This was used on my wife 's BMW X3 . I felt the pedal feel was a little less , but my wife did n't think so . For me , I think the slightly softer feel was better than the factory ones that had a race car feel -LRB- too touchy AND way too much dust -RRB- . Wish I replaced with these years ago , prior to the pads actually needing replacement . Again , better peddle feel , quieter braking , and that annoying dust is gone -LRB- factory pads left the wheels filthy in 1 week , and hard to clean -RRB- . Only negative comment is the fitting of the pad sensor , but this may have to do more with the sensor -LRB- used the original ones -RRB- . The sensors did n't come off too easy from the old pads and did not lock into the new pads , so I used a quick setting epoxy to secure them . Excellent price through Amazon . If you have brakes that are sooting up your wheels , do n't wait any longer , just buy these -LRB- quieter , smoother , CLEANER -RRB- .
 These brakes were delivered as advertised when purchased . The were easy to install , in new condition as advertised , and an overall great experience with online purchasing.Besides , its as advertised , no brake dust like the manufacturer pads .
 Initially I was a bit skeptical about buying auto parts online from Amazon , however , knowing Amazon 's reputation to stand by the products that they sell and even more so their excellent customer service to make things right for their customer , I did n't think twice before buying these brake pads from Amazon . In addition for the cost savings was tremendous compared to what the dealer or even the individual mechanic wanted to replace the brake pads had I not bought these brake pads myself from Amazon . I saved at least $ 300 by ordering these myself and getting them installed from a local mechanic shop and over $ 500 from what I would have paid the dealer just for the pads.As far as the product goes , it 's been over a month since I got these installed and they perform better than the OEM ones that came with the car . Other reviewers who remarked about the least to no brake dust is very true and these are one high performance brake pads . If you need replacement brake pads ... buy them ... you wo n't regret it !
 This hose worked great for me . I have a 2002 Cavalier LS and I needed to replace the pvc hose on my car . This was a perfect fit and works great .
 Time to replace the air filter for my cycle so I decided to try online instead of dealer and picked this high performance air filter . Shipment was very fast . Very easy to install . I would recommend this product and this Seller .
 The K&N Replacement Filter for the Road Star is a medium difficulty shade tree mechanic task . I call it medium only because the Road Star 's filter box is not the easiest to remove and most people will need a long-nose plier to get the breather hose off the back of the filter box . The K&N filter has well over twice the `` breathable '' surface area of the stock Yamaha filter and the oiled fabric of the K&N flows a lot more air per square inch than the stock paper filter . The difference is immediately noticeable at idle - the bike no longer feels like it 's gasping for breath as it idles . The difference is even more noticeable when riding - the bike pulls harder and smoother from idle all the way through the power band , accelerates more crisply , and does n't surge like the stock filter did . For riders who keep the stock exhaust or go with a moderately higher flow after-market system , the K&N Replacement Filter offers all the air flow needed . I 've used K&N for years and will always replace the stock air filter with a K&N when one is available .
 Works great on my 2007 Honda Sabre ; I did a holesaw mod upto the cat on my stock pipes ; dropped this in & WOW ! RUMBLE & POWER . May need to adjust fuel mixture now or rejet .
 Got exactly what I asked for , in new , off the shelf condition in a reasonable amount of time . I would definately reccomend this vendor .
 it 's for my 2000 ZX7R - came in within 3 days after i ordered , free shipping . item fits perfect in the air box housing . i did notice the difference on response and sound . mileage improvement , if there are any , is not on the list of reasons why i bought this . let 's put it this way , i drive/commute approx 54 miles -LRB- 1 way -RRB- with a lifted 88 suburban before i got the bike , i was happy i got this crotch rocket . engine vibration seems to be less , slight difference but enough for me to notice . i would recommend this product , better yet , K&N ; products to all riders and divers out there.safe riding ladies and gents - GO ARMY !!
 fast delivery - works well - i am very happy with the product - would reccomend for atvs - preforms much better than stock
 The fit was perfect . Instalation was easy with the included parts . As far as prefomance it seems to have lmproved the performanceof the motorcycle .
 I recieved my k & n filter in a short amount of time . The filter has giving my bike better gas milage and more power . Very pleased !
 K&N is the only way to go . Wash it after every couple of rides . It will last a super long time and keep your bike running like a champ .
 it really made a difference in power and no more backfiring , works great last a life time with proper maintenance
 i first tried to save a few dollars buying a competitors air filter ; not a good idea ! fitment was a problem ; so i had to return the product and wait of course a couple weeks for co -LSB- bike bandit -RSB- to receive the filter/log it in/inspect it/and then send my purchase back to credit card / -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks ! i purchased a k & n filter from AMAZON ; received it , installed it be-fore -LSB- bike bandit ever acknowledged receiving the other one ! SO ; BUY A NAME BRAND PRODUCT -LSB- QUALITY !!!!! -RSB- from someone who ships their product immediately ! MY MISTAKE SHOULD BE YOUR BLESSING !
 I bought this for my 1996 Kawasaki Ninja ZX600R 1 year ago had no problem installing item and most of all I did not have to re-jet the carbs . Look out and hold on !!!! That is how much of a difference this filter makes !!!!!
 Excellent product for your bike . It makes such a difference in the breathing of the bike , the minute I started it up I could hear and feel the difference . No longer sluggish when we give it gas at a low RPM . Excellent price too !
 Arrived in perfect condition , you can definitely feel the difference from the OEM filter . 1000 % recommended .
 K&N is the best , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I use K&N air filters on all my vehicles , to include my FJR1300 . All have offered better performance than the stock filters . I must say that they MUST be maintained properly to get optimal performance , and not damage intake components . Most folks over oil these filters or do not clean them properly . If the manufacture 's instructions are followed , you 'll get great performance and long-life with these filters .
 More Power , Better sound and washable . A little bit expensive but all good things are this way
 Filter was made very good ... i felt the difference in my quad right away ... easy cleaning ... and it seemed to let the quad breath alot better .
 I have K&N filters on many of my vehicles and as always it 's a perfect fit and breathes better than anything else .
 Fitment is perfect on my 2011 -LRB- gen 2 -RRB- . . I know the power-gain is probably not significant enough for me to notice but it seems a little faster coupled with a slip-on . . Overall very satisfied with this air filter .
 I 've been a Yamaha guy all my life , until 2005 when I needed a commuter for living and working in Seattle , where the ferry is $ 30 roundtrip for a car , ut only $ 8 for a motorcycle . My '00 SV650 is my first Suzuki ... and I love it.It was a used buy from an engineer who wanted a track queen to trailer , ride hard , then put away until the next . It came with the K&N ; gauze filter above , so its entire life with me has been without the expensive and non-cleanable/non-reusable stock cloth air filter.Another one of our group of friends has the same year , same-spec SV , but in slightly different tune . He however chose to stick with the stock filter , modified.In the time we 've both owned our SVs , I 've just cleaned and re-oiled the filter . He 's gone through umpteen stock filters , and has to mod them everytime perfectly like the last one , which is a pain as the original SV650 has a clearance issue with the underside of the tank , and the opening to the filter , which is the opening to the airbox . The only thing about owning a K&N ; , is careful adherence to cleaning and oiling procedure -- it 's really , really easy to under/overoil . But once you learn how , it 's a snap -- just takes about an hour to allow for proper drying and oiling.I 've solved that last bit about the time lag prepping the filter ... by buying two . That way one is always clean and ready to drop in , while you can take your time and do right to the other filter . Expensive ? Perhaps ... but they always act the same , always give me the same mpg , same performance . Ca n't say the same about my friend and his adventures in Dremelling ABS plastic ... not to mention he 's spent a lot more than even the cost of two K&N s ; in five years of riding . ; -RRB- Pros
 Like I said , once it 's installed , the bike seems to love the enhanced air flow.The problem is with the fit of the metal plate over the top of the filter . Installing it into the KLR took several attempts to get right . The metal plate does n't fit naturally over the top of the filter when you screw the butter fly bolt . It wants to set in a tilted fashion - crooked . I finally realized I have to do a tricky maneuver to get the plate on with both hands evenly -LRB- one with fingers pressing toward 's the back , and the other with fingers pressing on the front side -RRB- , and then with quite a bit of force , keep it pressed on the filter while I attempt to screw the butter fly bolt on.It just seems that the plate should be a few millimeters larger so it naturally slips into place while screwing the bolt in.I 'm sure I 'll get better at it , but well designed parts should just work and not require horsing around with different techniques to get such a simple part into place properly .
 what can i say ? the product already sells itself ! if you dont have one you need to get one for all vehicles ! great air flow improved response and a quality product to protect your investment !!!
 This K&N ; air filter is a good value , and fits the 1st generation Suzuki SV650 -LRB- '99 - ' 02 -RRB- . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not come pre-oiled , so you 'll have to buy a separate bottle of oil -LRB- I recommend the K&N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze , available on Amazon -RRB- . Otherwise a good fit and does the job . Recommended .
 Dropped this in my motorcycle , and it runs great . I have a fuel injected bike with aftermarket exhaust and no Fuel Management system -LRB- Power Commander , or Juice Box -RRB- and the power band is smooth and responsive .
 Fits better than OEM , functional and best of all , it 's reuseable . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase through Amazon , always like the free shipping deals .
 I recently purchased this air filter for my 2002 Shadow ACE 750 and instantly noticed a difference . The bike responds a lot faster and the increased air flow alows the bike to feel less `` forced '' . I install K&N products in all my vehicles . There is a notable difference without having to remove stock air box .
 K & N Max air flow . Put one of these on my wife 's Suzuki and had to plug one of the vents . Engine ran too lean . So much less constriction than a regular filter . Put one on my Honda VXT and the bike has a little more pep .
 Excellent quality merchandise in perfect shape.Packaging was perfect for the items.Excellent delivery time.Exactly the part I order and wanted at the nice price I would pay.Would order again .
 No body does it better . Makes me feel sad for the rest . Baby your the best air flow , added H.P. and performance for the money period .
 Took about 2 minutes to install . I definitely noticed an increase in horsepower . I recommend this to everyone looking . K&N makes a great product
 I love it . It was easy to install and the mpg has been awesome . Great price and great results . The easy choice !
 another quality product from k & N. i replaced the original filter and this made a nice difference . always recommend this product for every vehicle .
 Your initial cost for the K&N Filter will be more than the stock filter but it does not take long to recoup your cost and actually start saving money by not replacing the stock filter as needed . It is very easy to remove , clean and condition as needed . As far as performance I have not paid much attention to that aspect as the two reasons stated above are enough to sell me . If it improves performance , efficiency and longevity then that 's a bonus .
 Fitted straight in , packed well , great price , K&N makes quality products as you would expect , no issues recommending this item .
 The butt dyno ca n't tell a difference and my mpg is unaffected . But it 's a high quality re usable filter that will save $ $ over time . VTX 1800C equipped with stock pipes , stock EFI fuel management .
 I bought this for my 2011 BMW G650GS and have no complaints . The installation was smooth and everything fit as it should . Do n't forget to install the foam restrictor if you 're not going to get a custom tune ! It 's nice that this was thought of and included .
 This product really allows my suzuki gsxr to breathe better - Its a great item and i will be sure to recommend you to other bike riding friends of mine .
 Perfect filters for my rejetted carbs and my stock pipes that i have removed the baffles on . The engine runs so good now .
 I have used k & n filters for many years now and the quality and ease of installation has n't let me down yet . The installation took about 30 mins and it fit perfectly . I would recommend this filter for anyone who wants a quality filter that will last for the life of their motorcycle . Just do n't forget to clean the filter periodically with k & n filter cleaner and oil .
 It 's the last Air Filter you will have to buy for your Motorcycle . Easy instructions for install and maintenance.After install I can feel an increase in power and I can see greater MPG .
 K&N has one of the best products available . There is no surprises with this filter either . It fits , it works better & it will not need replacing . I have K&N air filters in all my vehicles ; and my garage and my driveway are full . OK , so I am tag renewel poor , but I wo n't have to buy paper air filters . If you keep your wheels for decades and travel miles into the 100K 's like I do , it is worth it ; if not only for the enhanced performance .
 I get the k & n filter on amazon for a gsxr 1000 and the bike just sounds great with it and the best thing this filter is for life !
 No problems installing on a late model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Suzuki GS 500 I bought . You need to remove the gas tank and hold it to the side , it 's good to have 2 people for this job . It took me a little time aligning / putting tank back on but not to bad , it 's best if you do n't have a lot of gas in the tank . You can do this job yourself fairly easily/quickly without much experience , there is a video on Y.T , a guy doing this GS 500 air filter job solo.Runs / starts much better , the existing air filter needed to be replaced , so I paid a few bucks more and got a K&N. ; Actually , this filter at the time was around $ 25 less on this site then the local M.C. store . This is the 3rd K&N ; product I 've used , my car has a K&N ; FIPK cold air intake . I 've never had any issues with their filters/intakes .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is deserving.The stock filter has foam around the periphery to seal it . The K&N ; filter uses a rubber wedge / protrusion , and fit very tight in the slot . Definitely use the supplied lube to install it . Seals really well.Also noticed the engine vibrations decreased slightly with my 2010 . Vibs from the handlebars when cruising in 6th gear at 60 MPH dropped . Now I do n't feel that level of vibration unless I drop to 4th gear at that speed . Sweet ! Also , the sale price was only $ 11 more than a replacement stock filter , and this one is a lifetime filter!Shipping was super fast too . I ordered it on a Friday with the 5 to 8 day free shipping option , and received it on Monday -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase . Even posted about it on two major forums , and dozens of members bought them -LRB- Hey , maybe I get a commission here :-RRB- -RRB- .
 I always purchase K&N air filters for every vehicle I own , I did n't know that Amazon had the best price for them . I will definitely be using Amazon to purchase all my K&N stuff in the future .
 When buying K&N ; filters , you can not go wrong . Add the excellent Amazon 's prices , fast delivery and you get an unbeatable deal.Very happy with the purchase .
 I went wit a K & N because of their ridiculous million mile gaurantee . I live in the desert so air filters get real dirty , real fast and I figure the $ 77.00 price was less than what I would be spending on lower quality air filters . I did extensive web searching , for a lower price , could not find it cheaper anywhere , $ 107.00 was about the average everywhere else .
 I put this little magic air filter in my Vulcan 800 Classic and I was stupified . I used to shift into second at 20-25 , now its 35 . This mystical device gave it a very noticeable acceleration boost and even made my pipes louder , ca n't wait to see a mpg gain . Are these made by elves ?
 K&N ; makes a better air filter than anything the factory will include on their bikes.It 's part of the upgrades I did to my stock Vstar 650 . Also use a quality synthetic oil , iridium plugs and Lucas top lube in the gas .
 I noticed no real horsepower gain , however I have no dynometer to prove otherwise . This filter fits in the stock location of my '95 Magna with no problems and is a good stock replacement.As a sidenote , I ca n't believe Honda designed this filter . It would be cheaper to simply have a removable element , instead of having to buy this custom shaped plastic piece . I miss the good old days when the filter was under the seat and took 5 minutes to change .
 This is my first experience with a K&N air filter ; I installed it in my 2001 model BMW F650GS motorcycle . I noticed an immediate gain in horsepower - the acceleration is significantly better than before . I have n't had a chance to find out fuel mileage gains , but that 's coming next . So far I 'll say this was money well spent .
 I like the product , but looking at how long it takes to ship it out is just way too long . I paid 10 dollars more for one just to get it in a week . Great if you 're not in any hurry for it .
 In the words of Dr. Frankenstein , `` it 's alive '' !!!! I feel as if my bike just literally came alive . It 's a 2011 Hayabusa with 638 miles . It was rediculous before but felt slightly held back like it was n't breathing correctly and had a slight backfire . After exchanging the air filter , adding Castrol Power 4 RS racing 10w40 full synthetic and a K&N ; oil filter , the bike came alive . It 's fine now ! I can feel it in the trottle.Shipping was really fast !!
 K&N has always been very reliable for me , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 This replacement air filter is a less expensive alternative to the factory filters but it does not easily fit ; it can be made to fit but does take some doing .
 this filters are very good you can see , fill the performance change instantlymy bike performs better and sounds betterall i can say is it is a good inbestment
 I found that the size of the holes that go through the attaching points should have been a little larger as it was very tight when you were trying to put the filter in place , it had to be forced on .
 My old bike had a similar filter in it , i purchased a K&N filter cleaner kit , cleaned the filter and my bike started to act really funky . After $ 250 at the mechanic , a new R/R , carb . clean , and almost total bike breakdown . I ordered this filter , popped it in and the bike ran like a charm . The order only took a few days to arrive and packaging was unopened .
 I really like washable / re-usable filters on all my vehicles and power-sports equipment . They just make good sense , last forever , and cleaning is far more efficient than a paper filter.The local Honda dealer wanted as much for their paper filter as this K&N ; costs , which made the switch to a permanent filter a no-brainer ! Buy a new filter every 12K miles , or simply wash and re-charge this one every 50K ! The filter was an exact fit , and even came with K&N ; stickers to mount on the outside of the filter housing , as well as a WARNING sticker to alert dealers/maintenance personnel that they are NOT to remove / change / exchange this filter , EVER.After installing this filter , I noticed smoother acceleration , and more power as I reached speed . I took a 400 mile trip on my Sabre this past weekend , and reaped the benefit of gaining 2-3mpg as well ! You ca n't go wrong with installing one of these on ANY vehicle !
 Love my new filter it is an exact fit and has improved my fuel mileage a great deal . It was easy to install , was shipped quckly
 I purchased this filter right after purchasing my used bike . It replaced what looked like the original air filter from 4 years ago . I did not notice any huge improvements in my power and really was n't looking for any . I just appreciate that the filters are able to be cleaned which definitely saves money in the long run . I was at first disappointed because I thought the air filter did n't fit , I was trying to install it at night . The next morning when I decided to give it another try I realized they ship with longer screws to compensate for the increased width of the gasket . This is the second k & n I have put on my vehicles and as long as they are affordable will be the only air filters I install on my own vehicles or recommend to friends and family .
 I already had heard that K&N made great products . But I never bought any of them till I foundmine at a very resonable price on Amazon , much cheaper than the auto parts stores and I checked them ALL . I dropped it into my Yamaha R6 and all I can say is that I have a brand new bike . Much faster off the line as well as top end power and going thru less gas while at it too . If you can find one that will fit your ride find it here add to cart then check out period . Easy install came with instructions and some K&N stickers to throw on my bike as well . Thanks Amazon for a great buy .
 installation onto the motorcycle was very easy . purchased this product because of the K&N name and I am not disappointed . this product does add a little bit more HP .
 The filter was exactly as identifed when ordered . It was shipped promptly and packaged well enough to protect it during shipment .
 Overall construction of this air filter is very good , better then the OEM filter , and the fit was perfect . Honda recommends changing the stock filter every 12,000 miles , a 4 hour job to change the filter on a Goldwing . K&N recommends cleaning their filter every 50,000 miles , I do n't think I 'm ready to go 50,000 miles but I 'm comfortable with 25,000 .
 Product was shipped promptly and accurately , came exactly as ordered.Price was 2/3 of what it would have cost here in Canada at my local Honda dealer.I have not put it on my bike yet but am confident from previous experience with K&N ; that it will work well and pay for itself over the life of my bike .
 Looked all over and finially found this filter here . Lowest price anywhere . Not exactly like the original filter , but it fit fine . Have n't noticed any different in mileage yet , but only put on about about 200 miles . Like the idea , never have to buy another motorcycle filter for my bike , ever . Recieved it very fast from Amazon Thanks , Jim
 Makes more sense to have a reusable filter for my 2003 VFR800a , considering it is only about $ 10 more than the Honda replacement filter , which is oiled paper . Good investment . Bike is pretty new to me , so not sure if performance has increased , only had one take of gas used on stock filter . But it is going to save money by not ever having to buy another air filter for this bike .
 cant wait to see what difference it makes . I have had k & n in many applications before , nothing like it around , only down falll on this piticular one is u have to drill a hole in the rubber in it . I put it on my 2002 cbr 954rr .
 You hear a lot of &#34; opinions &#34; about how much better OEM filters are than K&N. ; It 's not true . I 've have and will continue to use K&N ; for both my bike and my car.K & N ; opens the bike up , offers better compression , the bike runs cleaner and cooler as well as being completely re-usable . The filter is better built than OEM and does n't break down and get sucked into the heads.It 's just a great product and the Amazon price ca n't be beat .
 K&N Filters are the cream of the crop . I usually wait until the stock air filter has to be replaced then replace it with these high quality air filters . The bike actually runs a bit better with this less restrictive air filter .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to the stock air filter large displacement motorcycle -LRB- 113c . i. -RRB- . It is a noticeable upgrade compared to the original air filter .
 I bought this as a USED product but when opening it up realized it was actual new , just the box had been opened . Wow , talk about getting a high quality product that will save money in the long run !
 Picked this up for my 2012 Busa . Great fit , simple change out , K&N quality . Around town theres not much difference felt , but once you hit the open road and un-wind the bike , you can totally feel the difference ... great product
 I have wanted on of these since i bought my bike and thanks to Amazon I got one at a great price . My Katana loves this new filter . Thanks amazon for saving me money
 It did n't exactly fit my 2007 Yamaha V-Max , but it is still doing its job . K&N has always been a quality product .
 2010 Honda Goldwing very good price for a performance filter that can be washed and reused . Plus I believe that K&N filters flow more air .
 Fit just right and got better gas mileage . Easy to in stall and maintain . Now if I could find a cheeper exhust system .
 K&N filters are rated # 1 for a reason . My mechanic recommends and uses them in his own vehicles . Will find filters that fit my truck .
 Better Airflow and nice intake sound make this a definite add to my Concours . I will add a fuel controller and new exhaust and it will increase power and MPG ...
 I have K&N filters installed on all my vehicles . The increased horse power may not be noticeble in some cases , but at least you can save a few bucks on replacing the paper filters every once in a while .
 Bike runs normal before was too rich , even the choke works wheer before the chock would kill the bikei have better millage as well
 product fit and performed as expected and price was also good.I replaced the oem filter with this one and rejetted carbuerator which was neccessary . bike has more power in high gear .
 Excellent filter . The installation instructions could have been a little clearer . Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to replace their original filter .
 Purchased for my Yamaha Stratoliner , and it is a perfect replacement at a great price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs same item .
 This review is not so much about the product but about Amazon . I was amazed to find the motorcycle parts I needed through Amazon . It has truly become my one stop shopping place online . The price was the best I could find and the delivery was as they stated . The product is something I was already familiar with and the quality is excellent . I truly do not have to shop around just enter it in the search no matter how obscure the product you are looking for .
 This filter fit my stock air box fine . I do not know about any real horsepower gains . It will be interesting to dyno the bike to see if it made any measurable improvement .
 I replaced my old stock air Fiters in my 2004 Suzuki Marauder VZ800 to Increased the horsepower & performance . I felt the a major in incress Increase in power
 What can i say , you ca n't go wrong with K&N ... fits great and works great . Cheaper than always buying paper filters
 On a recent dualsport ride on my BMW R11550GS , I filled my airbox with dirty water during a water crossing . The snorkle shot enough water at the paper airfilter to push it out of the way and allow the airbox to fill with dirty water . I drained the airbox a few miles later , but obviously the wimpy OEM paper filter needed to go . The K&N is much more robust than the OEM filter and made of material that should resist water much better than paper . Time to go back to the dirt for more creek crossings !
 Recently purchased a 2007 Yamaha FZ6 with 10K on it . Previous owner used it as a commuter , as am I. Regular maintenance schedule said to replace the air filter so I looked and found the K&N on Amazon for less than the OEM filter . Drops in easily and improved performance and throttle response is definitely noticeable . Would absolutely recommend this item . Ride On !
 K&N products have been for me really great to have on your bikes . I ordered this K&N for my boulevard . Instantly increased my horsepower . Still waiting to see how much more my fuel mileage is . Got instant response of my motor . I love the fact all I have to do is clean my filter and it 's good to go . This is not a filter you throw away . Totally servicable and washable . Took only 5 minutes to put on my bike if that .
 The K&N Filter works great on my 04 Yamaha Warrior 350 , I can feel the difference on the power band
 What should have been 30 min in and out to pop this filter in was turned into several hours chasing tools , measuring , and trimming it to fit . After fitting it , the product is just what you 'd expect from K&N. ; But , out of the box this filter is 1/16 '' too wide and 3/16 '' too long . The filter is like a top hat . In the image you are looking at the what I 'll call the top with the K&N ; logo . The bottom edge/brim is a flange that sits on a narrow lip of the airbox . Out of the box , the flange of the K&N ; will not seat properly and seal on the lip of the airbox.Taking the stock filter and placing it flange to flange with the K&N ; and aligning one of the long ends yields the measurements above . I took a razor blade and scored a guide line to follow for material removal.The flange material is a durable plastic about 1/8th inch thick . I chose not to try cutting it . A buddy had a deburring bit for a drill . The bit is conic , about 2 '' long , and the rasp is not particularly aggressive probably designed for hardened steel . -LRB- I need to find one of these for myself -RRB- Note
 This is a wonderful find My motorcycle takes this particular filter -LRB- without mods -RRB- which no paper filter can compare thank you Amazon for carrying this filter .
 The air fliter on my husbands bike was so bad -LRB- he just bought it used but previous ower have n't changed it since brought new -RRB- that he had to get new replacement . he looked everywhere but all were so high that we just could n't afford it ... that was till we found one on Amazon . I strongly recommend this product for the price and quality .
 Great replacement air filter from K&N that is reusable so it is a `` Green '' product that gives your engine more air flow for increased power .
 The car runs better and there are less of times where I have to replace my air filter . I like the way the air flows easier so there are less jumping for air when you give the car the gas pedal ...
 Installed about 100 miles ago . The previous filter was installed by the previous owner . There are about 20k miles on the bike and even if the previous filter was installed when new , it was filthy ! I like the air flow on this one and there seems to be a slight increase in torque as the engine is breathing better . I will see how the filter stands up to a cleaning in about 2k miles when the next oil change is due .
 I took a chance on buying one of the `` used '' products that was listed for $ 16.39 . In the back of my head I was hoping that it was just an opened box item that they could n't sell as new and I was right ! The box was kind of beat and opened and had a UPS sticker on it , but inside was a brand new/sealed K&N ; filter . I ordered this filter and the K&N ; cleaner kit for another $ 10 + to get the free shipping and like ordering from Amazon Fulfillment , anything over $ 25 gets free shipping . I live about 150 miles from the closest fulfillment center so shipping varies from next day to 3 days . I got this in 2 days . So far I 've had nothing but excellent luck when buying `` Used - Like New '' from Amazon . They 've either been `` new '' or I could n't tell if it 's been used and I 'm perfectly fine with this.This K&N ; filter fits nicely in the stock C50T airbox . At first it seem like it was too larger as the chrome cover did n't quite fit back on once the filter was in place ; However , I decided to try and put the screws back in the tighten down the cover and everything snapped into place . Perfect fit .
 Very happy w/the product and the shipping service . This filter sells for more at most other sights . Would reccommend this to people I know .
 Replaced the stock air filter on my Suzuki GS500 with this . Very easy swap in about 15 minutes . Great price for a high performance filter .
 Had a K&N Air Filter on my 2004 Honda 599 -LRB- Hornet -RRB- , and liked both the slight performance increase , and the sound the intake makes now . Well , after getting my 2006 VFR800 VTEC , I figured it could n't hurt . It did not ! It seems the bike runs a little smoother , and sound and performance are much better , especially after the second set of valves kick in at about 6400 RPM . And as said by `` Brock '' , it does make more sense to not have to buy a new filter every time , plus I actually got it for less money than what Honda was charging for the OE filter .
 I do n't have much experience riding my Suzuki Savage with the stock air filter , and the one it had when I got the bike was in really bad shape . I at least know that this one is a huge improvement .
 works great , easy to install , fit perfectly in air box . to install on none touring model with mock tank you open door to gas cap.remove all screws and 2 on front of tank . be careful , tank is 2 seperate parts . lift up instrument panel.slide tank apart a little , remove screw , lift out filter , put in new , put in screw , slide tank parts back in place , insert instrument panel , run screws back in . It is a good idea to have someone help you by holding the instrument panel up out of the way due to wires attached and so you dont scratch the tank . Also , when removing screws , look out for washers , so when you lift instrument panel , you dont lose them or drop them in the gas filler tube , because gas cap must be removed .
 Works great , perfect replacement fit for Yamaha 1100 custom . Have not noticed any power inprovement . Just nice to have a good one that will last forever .
 If this air filter was used it was not for very long . It was in its orignal box and plastic bag it also had a k & n sticker . I am very happy with my purchase I paid 40 $ for a 68 $ filter . And shipping was fast .
 its a different shape than the stock filter for my 82 ' xv750 but the holes line up fine and it fits well in my airbox , i definitely notice the increased performance from better airflow , and its reusable
 The price for this filter -LRB- $ 31.00 -RRB- was less than the OEM paper filter you have to replace every 6000 to 7000 miles . And the beauty of K & N filters is when dirty you just wash it with K & N cleaner & water & just let air dry , then reoil with K & N filter spray oil . Also the filter will probably out live your bike .
 I bought this for my Suzuki Boulevard C50 because I wanted a washable filter that lasted a long time . I heard people talking about how a K&N filter gave them extra power . I did n't really believe all that , but after I installed this filter on my bike , there was a small yet noticeable increase in power . I am happy ! Extra performance on a washable filter that will last me for the life of the bike .
 I have always been a fan of K&N products . In this case it was a matter of getting a good deal , this vedor was very fast and had a great price !
 Fit perfect , did not have to modify the airbox or anything . Came ready to use right out of the box . It IS a K&N brand filter exactly as advertised .
 K&N has long been a favorite of mine , when it came time to change the air filter on my motorcycle , the choice was simple . The product took about 2 minutes to install and while I ca n't substantiate the HP or fuel mileage increase , I can tell you the acceleration right off the bottom is noticeable immediately . If you switch your filter , this `` lifetime '' replacement is a `` must have '' !
 Fitment is good , would be excellent if it had a tab for the stock clip to hold it in place . I bent the tab to help hold it while putting the cover on.Have used K&N ; filters in all my bikes they work well and are easy to clean and oil .
 Product was well packaged and all parts needed for install . The only thing is they packaged the wrong instructions for installation . K&N has a great website that allows the buyer to download the instructions . They thought of everything for you to install , such as longer screws , hose etc. . Fit perfect .
 What I like about this filter besides the added performance is the fact that it is reusable . That means you never have to buy another filter again . It is also covered by K&N ; 1 million mile warranty . I would suggest going on K&N ; website and filling out the warranty form -LRB- left side on their site close to the bottom click on warranty then scroll down to the bottom and click on the form link -RRB- just in-case you might want to be covered by the warranty . They suggest cleaning the filter every 50k miles that also depends on your driving conditions . I useK & N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeezeto clean my filter .
 I ordered the K&N PL-1003 Air Filter for my 2012 Polaris Sportsman 500 H.O. Shipping was quick , and packaging was adequate . I hate paper filters and have been trusting K&N for years . This product will not disappoint . I am very pleased with this product .
 Love the K&N air filters . ca n't beat them for the price a lifetime filter.I have them in all my vehicles .
 All right , Adjust well on the bike , however I think the original has a best presentation and even better fit , I should clarify that there is nothing wrong with this device and it is too early to assess its performance , is currently installed and working well in general I have no complaints .
 This is a first step toward stage 1 along with a slipon pipe . Consider going to the barons or patrick racing air intake mods for the Strat/RL/Warrior .
 The product description was accurate . Everything I hoped it would be . Install was easy and it fit like a glove . I can definitely feel a increase in performance . There 's no going wrong with this air filter .
 My motorcycle is a California Highway Police Interceptor -LRB- 2003 Honda ST1100P3 -RRB- . It has a high performance engine and an assortment of beefed-up components for Police Service . This air cleaner is a custom engineered replacement for the factory part . It delivers a high volume of filtered air to the fast revving engine . On top of that you can clean and service the filter ; it so you only need to buy it once . The supplier I located using Amazon provided the best price by a large margin and excellent shipping .
 The stock filter on my Kawasaki is a lifetime filter , but at 16 or 17 years old the plastic frame cracked . This filter was not much more than buying a regular aftermarket filter with shipping and has an easier cleaning process . Well maybe the cleaning process is not easier , but the K&N ; process is well defined with the cleaning fluid and refreshing oil . A cleaning kit adds to the cost , but then it can be used on any K&N ; filter.A plus with Amazon , shipping is fast , while I 've had to wait over a week for parts from an online motorcycle parts retailer .
 Got my filter really quickly . Does not come with the oil that you need to put on the filter , and i didnt see that on the listing . Fortunately , my dad had some extra in his garage . Fit perfectly on my bike , took only 5 minutes to replace the old one and now my bike is running great and able to breath . Filter is much better than the OEM filter that the bike came with .
 Not much issues were felt without tuning but definitely can feel the bike breathing more . Maybe tuning is next to fully maximize this mod but for something I 'll never have to replace and just clean , its great .
 Not too noticeable on a street bike , but now I have more air and clean air going in . Move tank for install .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase first because here in Brazil special parts are really difficult to find at the local retailers and the K&N ; air filter was rated way more expensive to be bought by the internet at Brazilian sites!I 'm completely satisfied with the agility and the care by the Amazon.com . Thanks to you the part arrived fast and unviolated . It feels good buying from Amazon !
 Noticed the performance difference . Floppy rubber replaces rigid plastic oem filter and seals air box . A must have for performance .
 Since replacing the factory air filers on the 2005 Yamaha Midnight Warrior 1700 with these , I have noticed a marked improvement in throttle response and fuel economy . No regrets .
 Definitely noticed an increase in power ... great product and I would definitely recommend to Honda riders ... shadow sabre . Get the recharge kit !
 Love my new K&N filter ! Very simple to install noticible performance increase . Very fast shipment . Satisfied with this product and service all around . Thanks !
 ive gotten one for my car and i didnt feel the difference.i put this one in my 2008 sportsman 500 HO and it digs off the line noticeably faster.i got it so i dont have to buy a new filter every so often , now i have the one and only one ill ever need for the lifetime of the bike and you should too
 Expensive ! That 's what a lot of people say about K&N ; filters . However , they are typically less than the cost of two OEM filters , which are not reusable . So in the long run , you can -LRB- and do -RRB- save money . However , this particular filter -LRB- BM-1205 -RRB- is no longer used in current vehicle production , so I was able to get it less than half of what it normally costs.Also , K&N ; gets a lot of criticism for `` letting in dirt '' and for `` messing up MAF 's '' . If you use it and reoil it right , it performs just as well as an OEM filter . Its when you over oil it that you start messing up MAF 's and when you do n't do any maintenance on it is when it starts letting dirt through . I 've used them in many of my vehicles over the years and have never had a problem . MY UOA 's -LRB- used oil analysis -RRB- have come out clean over the years I 've used this with minimal silicon being reported -LRB- silicon = dirt -RRB- . Also , even though many report having an increase in power/torque/MPG 's , I have not . So do n't expect to , either . But you will save some money in the long run if you intend to keep your vehicle and you service this filter as recommended .
 This filter is a direct replacement for an '05 BMW K1200R air filter , part number 13717372602 . If you check on the parts match it will tell you that it will not fit . This is not the case . Go to the K&N filter cross reference site and you will find that it does indeed fit . And by the way , there is some power gain with this filter and you will be able to hear your intake , provided you have stock exhaust . This filter will not `` seal off '' if you ride in the rain , which I do frequently . Happy riding .
 I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800 , which by itself is not a slow machine . Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original , however , it was a whole different ballgame . I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor , and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I 'm sure I 'm adding longevity to the bike as well . Simple install ; fits directly in place of the stock filter . A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses .
 K&N filter are the great and worth every cent and Amazon had the best price . I pick up 2 more miles per gallon after I installed it and I opened up the air box a little also .
 K&N filter are without a doubt the finest filters for the money . Super easy to install and this filter has both increased my gas milage on my bike but most importantly it increased my horsepower . I did n't know that my bike was so responsive until l installed this filter . Worth the money !!!!!
 Great system , I have K&N in all of my vehicles but it is a pain to install on the klr 650 . it 's difficult to get the screw to line up in the little space that you have but still delivers the quality that i expected . better throttle response and a slight power increase .
 we ordered this abut a week ago arrived precisely when they said it would but not without its issues we did have some problems with shipping but with working with amazon it was quickly resolvedBut onto the good part after receiving the filters of course my husband wanted to put them on immediately in taking the bike apart you have to know what you are doing its a little hard to get to the filters a little work is involved but anything worth doing is worth doing right once the filtrers were in -LRB- by the way the instructions are very easy to see and read pictures are great -RRB- the bike instantly ran better the performance was signifacant i really love this product would recommend to anyone
 I 've used K&N filters in all my vehicles for years , and when my 2005 Yamaha FZ6 needed a new filter , I did n't hesitate . Install is easy , although it can get a bit messy with the oil spray and having to get in under the gas tank . As usual , performance is improved a bit thru better air flow vs the stock filter , and the sound is great -- a nice &#34; whoooooosh &#34; when I twist the throttle . I highly recommend K&N air and oil filters to everyone .
 It took a minute to swap out this air filter on my 2006 Suzuki 700Kingquad . I noticed an immediate difference ... The idle was improved , the accelaration was improved , and no hiccups like I was experiencing with the stock paper filters . So far , so good . K&N products are well worth the money .
 exactly what i asked for , good timing also , had absolutely no problems at all , will deal again when looking for more stuff
 Absolutely perfect experiance . Great quality product that is well packaged and has all required directions in package . Love it love it !
 I bought this K&N air filter for my 2007 KLX 250s Dual Sport . It was a little tricky getting it to fit because the outer cap bottoms out on the inside of the air-box . Also had to file down the threads on the wing-nut bolt just a little bit so the filter would seat good . Once I got it in there , I could immediately tell a difference in the increase of power . I would definitely recommend this product for the 2007 Kawasaki KLX 250s .
 PROS : This is my third K&N ; Air Filter . I bought this one for my 83 VF1100C Magna . I also have one on my 96 VF750CD Magna . If you buy one of these and have carbs rather than FI you will more than likely need to re-jet since this allows a lot more air through than a stock air cleaner . Most Every thing that K & N makes is top notch.CONS : The only disapointment on this was it was not pre-oiled like all the other K&N ; Filters I have bought . You need to spend the time & ? mess ? to oil this prior to installation & use .
 Came in quickly and can tell a difference from the paper stock air filter . Just make sure you read the instructions when putting it on your bike .
 Good fit , really did not notice any increase of power . The filter on a conours 14 '08 is on the left side . Remove left plastic and electronic relay bracket , lift rubber flap on frame just below the fuel tank and there it is . good luck !
 I replace my old air filter with this new KN&N filter and the bike can breath a lot better . The bike responds is a lot quicker and it does n't hesitate to accelerated
 Got the oil filter and air filter to my door cheaper than just buying the air filter anywhere in Canada . Retailers here often charge two or three times as much for the same part . I did have to cut about 3/8 '' off the little tab for a perfect fit on the KLR650 2011 . But that is normal for these things .
 Throttle response fantastic major improvement over stock I have k & n ; air filters on everything withK & n ; you ca n't go wrong I recommend this product a + +
 I bought this for my 05 R6 basically hoping to pickup some performance over the washable OEM in the 05 . The best thing about this filter is the fact that it replaces the crappy OEM O-rings and the plastic separator in the air box . The fit is tight , simple , and secure which is important on any Ram Air system . Basically this system seals much better than the OEM so the risks of loosing some air force is reduced . The bike seems like it has more torque , but that is n't dyno proven my me . All in all I debated whether to buy this , and I 'm glad I did .
 was on time package good it was as discribed in add it was beautiful i was very pleased with is product
 Great price and excellent shipping ... arrived on time and very happy with the fit/install on my son 's Polaris 300 . It was easy enough that he helped out . Good times
 This k & n filter fit my klr 650 like a charm also made my exhaust sound deeper and a lil more hp would recommend it easy install less than 5 min !
 I recently replaced my stock air filter out of my gsxr-750 and this air filter DEFINITELY is worth the money . It is reuseable and washable which is the best part . I recommend buying a cleaner for it if you are going to indeed clean it .
 Better gas mileage on my kaw nomad bike now and it also runs better , good product will order again.very well made product
 I 've used the K&N ; products in my vehicles for years and decided on using it in the motorcycle as a replacement to the stock Yamaha air filter . Being in Southern California , it seemed to get dirty pretty quickly and it just makes sense to replace it with a cleanable filter like I use in my truck.The fitment is perfect and required just a few minutes to install . A great product that I would definitely recommend .
 This is a fine filter , probably one of the best . Naturally it fits , that 's how it was manufactured . I do have a little problem with oiling the thing though . It is hard to not put too much oil on the filter when cleaning and using the `` oil-in-the-bottle . '' It takes forever to drip out to the point that you can install it and then not suck oil into your engine . I am going to get the spray-on cleaner kit and hope that works better next cleaning . It 's a little pricy but hey , it is more than likely the last air filter you will ever need to purchase .
 This is a great deal on a well known air filter . Anyone who is a gear head knows who K&N is . Ca n't beat the price either . To get a superior air filter that will help your bike breath better for only $ 15 more than a stock OEM filter is a no brainer . Came fast and fit perfectly . My only complaint is that no where on the box does it say its already oiled and ready to go . Had to find that out on the internet . Otherwise I had no regrets .
 I installed this on a 2005 Vulcan 800 . It fit perfectly and it immediately made a difference in the bikes performance . Not anything huge but the engine ran smoother and I had fewer of those cold hiccups first thing in the morning that this bike has always had . My gas mileage increased slightly too . No carb re-jetting required . I kept everything else stock .
 after reading about k & n i bought one . I really did n't expect anything really but i did need an airfilter anyhow . WOW , something simple like that has made a difference in power and sound . Dont get me wrong , , , it 's not crazy different but it did shock me a little . i am sold on this type of high performance airfilter and would buy again .
 I only use K&N filters for all of my vehicles . The air filters do add power and increase gas mileage . They also save money over time because they never need to be changed .
 I noticed that after I changed my filter , my bike seemed to be breathing better and really accerates to the redline quicker . K&N is one of the best and this is cheaper than at my local bike shop , I use them in all my machines now . It is Economical when you buy two or more over the long haul , good protection from dirtst and du , especially where I live where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 Ordered this as a gift for a buddy of mine . Only thing that sucked was shipping took longer than the `` one day shipping '' special that was offered . Overall product was great ! Had bought it for a 03 ' Honda Shadow ACE 750 and immediatly felt a difference .
 These are the best pads I have ever bought which stop on a dime and are literally brake dust free . I purchased the front and rear for the awesome price of $ 170 almost . Been driving them for 7 months now without any problems . Seriously these pads keep my wheels brake dust free 99 % of the time which is great . IF your looking to replace your brake pads look no further and grab the Akebonos first thing .
 ok why would I want to keep writing writing and writing while all I wanted to say is good . strange .
 used the brakes for about 3-4K miles since I installed them . They work fine -LRB- ca n't see any reduction in braking force -RRB- . I can see the wheels need a lot less cleaning now .
 I used Akebono pads on my rear brakes on my old MINI , and they were fantastic - Good bite , and no fade under heavy use . I had a big brake kit up front , so I never had a chance to use the front pads . Several friends of mine run both sets , and love them.NOTE !!! This pad is shown to be compatible with 2002-2007 MINI Coopers - HOWEVER , they will not fit the 2nd-gen brakes . They will fit all 2002-2006 MINIs -LRB- without the JCW brakes -RRB- , and 2007-2008 Convertibles only . If you have a 2007-2008 hatchback , these pads will not fit .
 Amazon says it does n't fit yet title says it 's meant for it . Better double check on that . Fits my car so no issues what so ever . Will update and see the brake performance after several weeks and also dirt build up compare to OEM . Picture in the box shows a brake sensor but this did not came with one . Did n't need one yet since mine was not worn at all .
 Fit my 2006 Mini R50 with no problems . These front pads work well ... just need to get used to the longer stopping distance with the ceramic pads . It may just be with the initial usage , however . Am happy with this product so far . After three days , no brake dust -LRB- could n't say that about the OEM replacement pads -RRB- .
 I just recently changed the filter on my 2007 toyota -LRB- after 5 years -RRB- IT WAS FULL OF CRUD ! I now have vowed to change it once a year . It is a miracle ANY air was circulating . By the way , ordering it from Amazon is much cheaper than getting it at oil change places and slightly less than the local car parts store .
 I have always had K&N filters in my vehicles . This is the first I had seen . Good product to add to your K&N filter . It makes it last much longer between cleanings . Keeps the big things from the filter . One thing I hate when cleaning a filter is using a brush or tool to remove the large stuff while cleaning . This keeps the big stuff off of the filter . Well worth the money for an addition to your off-road vehicle .
 While not cheap , it 's worth the money if you ride in sand or dusty conditions . the last time I removed the filter for cleaning it was 80 % cleaner than previous maintenance intervals . It does n't seem to impede airflow .
 The clamps are coated in a heavy duty soft plastic . The cable attaches to one of the solid copper jaws . The energized jaw is insulated from the screw , and the rest of the clamp preventing accidental shorts . The springs are extremely powerful ensuring a tight fit on the terminals . I used 2 gauge wire with mine and it worked fine . I also used a 6 ton hydraulic crimping press to make the connections . You ca n't crimp these with simple hand tools .
 I had recently purchaced a truck and , was doing research on seat covers ... I heard good things about Coverkings quality ... so , I took a chance . After a couple of weeks , I was notified that my seatcovers had shipped ... there was no tracking available ... about a week later , another email ... this time , they were double checking if I had ordered the correct covers ... -LRB- My toyota did have a few seat options -RRB- as there are no returns on custom seat covers ... even though I was VERY specific in my original order , I verified the order as correct ... two more weeks passed ... nothing and , no tracking to fall back on so , I emailed them inquiring about my order ... and my package was on my doorstep the next day ... they fit like a glove !! Neoprene seat covers are a little pricey but in my opinion , worth the wait !!!!
 I 've used this product for almost a year to jump start several vehicles on four or five occasions and to keep the pressure up in a slow-leaking tire until it could be repaired . It worked without fail . The LEDs let me know when to recharge it . The pressure gauge is accurate within plus or minus 5 lbs ; close enough until I use an accurate gauge . The trouble lights are adequately bright for repairs at night . This is a very handy tool .
 Filters the air quite well . has a anti-microbial protection on it . took off one star for no charcoal filter and for the edges being a bit flimsy . for the price you can not beat it . installed on a 2006 Scion Xb
 Replaced my cabin air filter for my 06 Scion TC with this one . Matched up in size and fit in neatly and snug as a bug in a rug . Less than 2 minutes to install and I saved 5.00 + by ordering it from Amazon.com . Love it !
 Jiffy Lube wants to charge me $ 49.95 for this ! I can change my own filter in 30 seconds for a fraction of the price !
 I 've used these on my last SIX vehicles . They are awesome . Lets you leave your windows cracked in the summer without fear of rainfall . Highly Recommended !!
 I put this on my CAI and even installed a splash shield over my air filter . I ran through the touchless car wash water did hit this wrap . The water shed , but I notice water droplet stains on the wrap so I 'm assuming that it did n't shed the water as well as I thought . For the most part this wrap helps , but I 'd add a metal or plastic shield if you 're running your CAI where water can hit it .
 Excellent filter , fit perfect and works great . Nice solid construction and so much cheaper than OEM or having the dealer install it !
 This Stant T-stat does not include a gasket , which can be a real problem as often times the gaskest can not be re-used . Be sure to pick up a new gasket along with your thermostat . While an Honda OEM thermostat can cost nearly 3 times the price of this , they do include a gasket . This T-stat seems to be functioning well so far as the Civic is now able to maintain engine temps during frigid MN winter driving , but I will have to see how long it holds up .
 I bought at amazon because I could buy the gasket at same time , seems the local parts store have to special order gaskets now , So I saved gas and time and money by buying here . Stant is a known high quality product , even if it is made in Mexico . Ive been using Stant for 45 years , nothing else .
 This T-stat was a great deal . then I saw that there was no gasket . It didnt bother me as to seeing how much i paid for the t-stat so i just went to my local autozone and got 1 for around $ 2.00
 Second time ive purchased this item . i bought the black cover previously . Looks great , but pretty expensive for something made of such simple material . Happy regardless
 I have a black one and it works good , wanted another to rotate . I did put it under faucet and my hand was completely dry .
 It will undoubtedly justify its rather excessive price -LRB- the only reason I gave four stars , instead of five -RRB- , given that this wrap will pay for itself over time , especially where I live , on a dirt road in a very dry , dusty area . K&N should include one of these wraps with every filter/intake kit . It fit the filter perfectly .
 product works great . the fit is really snug , which is probably a good thing . i should 've put it on before i installed the filter , but i was too lazy to unbold the heat shield . the product itself works well , but costs way too much for some sewn mesh .
 Good product but it is n't the full system as stated you have te reuse your old strut tops and that 's not a huge problem but I expected a full kit ,
 Have n't had them long enough to comment on longevity however I can say they do n't squeal and there is no noticeable brake dust . Only negative to note the casting of the backing plate for the pads was a bit rough and needed to be filed down to fit more easily . The installed shim worked better than the factory part and the pads were considerably cheaper than stock .
 I got my glow pedals installed from Circuit City with the cautionary advice to turn the engine off if your ever pulled over . Great effect on my car , good for a purely asthetic level.Glows hypnoticaly at night !
 K&N claims added Horsepower , but I can never tell the difference though I 'm sure they flow better as the science is clearly there . I do run these in every car I have simply because they last forever . Air Filters are n't $ 3 anymore like they were back in the 90s . Now you look at $ 5-11 for a disposable . In the best bang for your buck , drop $ 45 once and never worry about it again . If you plan on owning your car for some time I can easily recomend it .
 This fits as if it came fom the factory back in 1971 . . thanks again it fits like a champ I will get more for my other cars . .
 I purchased this filter for a 1977 Chevy Nova with a 250 inline 6 . The diameter works fine but it is a little tall for the air cleaner housing so I had to mush it a bit . Other then that works like a charm .
 I was searching for a while for this item . It fit and mounted up nice . Just make sure you clean the window channels . Gave my daily driver a new look .
 I was blowing out Monroes on one trip out to the desert . Their lifetime warranty was nice , but it was a pain to change shocks every week.These are nice and heavy duty , and I do n't feel the increase in stiffness on a full size pickup .
 I purchased this using CAI for my GTi . Never had any problems . Put 3K through storm and numerous car washes . Definitely recommend this to anyone using CAI .
 used on ferris zero turn with 30hp , fit and worked perfect , much less expensive than dealer . easy to install.larger than stock so it will have larger filter capacity .
 It is what they claimed it to be . I have no way to measure how perfectly it filters , but my engine has run fine since I put it on and my carb kept getting stuff in it before .
 Wix makes some of the best oil filters on the market , so I assume these inline fuel filters are of high quality as well . I 'm using these with good results on outdoor power equipment . The 33001 is for 1/4 '' fuel line.I docked it one star because of the size . These are very large - about 1.5-2 '' or so in diameter . That 's good because it means more filter media which should translate to longer filter life , but it 's also bad because it means they may not fit easily on some types of equipment .
 What can you say about a fuel filter ? It fit , it filters and it was priced right ! Good replacement and cheaper than original equipment .
 This does fit like it is supposed to but the instructions and pictures could be a little clearer . That being said it was not a difficult installation but it did take a few minutes to get the placement correct . Once I figured out where it went it only takes a about an hour and a half to install and put the origional skidplated back up .
 Perfect weights are named that for a reason , they 're perfect . They are lead and therefore are smaller than steel weights . If you 're using them for motorcycle wheels then you know what I mean . The smaller the better , some narrow rims do n't allow for the bigger steel ones of the same weight .
 I mount and balance my own motorcycle tires , and I use these stick-on weights . It 's getting harder and harder to find LEAD weights . My local auto supply store tells me all they carry is STEEL . For my use , steel weights just wont work . They 're not at all flexible , the weights have to bend a little to fit nicely on cycle rims . Steel is less dense that lead , and the same amount of weight takes up a lot more space on my rims ... I purchased 2 boxes , they should last me till my riding days are over . Get some before the EPA and States eliminate them completely !
 Easy to apply , good adhesive , easy to separate . Excellent value at a good price . What more can I say ????? What more can I say ???
 The only thing I 'd like to see is better quality tape on the weights , otherwise you ca n't beat the price .
 These weights are available from a variety of sources - same manufacturer , same size and same weight . This source is the least cost for the exact same thing .
 Wheel weights arrived ahead of schedule and as advertised . This is the cheapest price I 've found for this product . Will do business with Auto Parts 123 .
 This stuff is not like normal spray paint , it goes on like a stain and provides solid even color on the first coat . It is extremely thin , perfect for keeping the stock texture the same but bad for covering up scratches . Graphite matched my other Ford -LRB- color code `` T '' -RRB- interior parts pretty well . The paint is durable and the only way you can even tell a part has been painted is that the finish is slightly rougher.Be sure to follow the instructions from SEM 's website . It is essential that the part is perfectly clean . Any spot that is not will cause the paint to bubble and will leave a noticeably different texture after it dries . Thin coats are also important , as many as you want .
 I 've been a fan of K&N filters for years . I was very happy to find that this one fit 's my 69 Pontiac GTO with the factory-style Ram Air system .
 As usual , K&N air filters are great . They do seem to allow the engine to breathe better . And of course they are serviceable with the recharging oil . Check physical dimensions carefully . This one -LRB- E-1650 -RRB- was for a Chevy 350 engine used in a 1969 Avanti . The web sites said it would not fit . It fits just fine as the dimensions are correct .
 I have always used K & N on all my cars . You can wash and reuse and its never loses it protection.You can not beat the price here on Amazon with free shipping . It sure beats Jegs supposedly handling charge they refer to .
 What can I say about K&N other than they are the beat in the business . The supplier shipped quickly ans the item was well packed for shipping . The price was great and I could n't be more pleased . I ordered a 2nd one from them as well , which arrived quickly and safely . My car and I are both breathing a sigh of relief .
 This item has been labeled one star by people that lack knowledge of Rancho products . This shock was grey in color because it is a premium . White shocks are the regular line . The picture depicting this product is a generic one . Rancho is an awsome product and to rate it a one because of a misapplication error is a misrepresentation of the product . You might want to verify the fitment of these at rancho or another place such as jcwhitney before ordering by product number . . I got this steering stabalizer for a good price , and a damm good USA product .
 I own 3 old Mercedes Benz Galendewagens -LRB- aka GWagens -RRB-
 When you live in a rain forest that gets 200 &#34; of rain per year and when it ai n't raining the sun is baking your car , you really need these.They are a snap to install and worth every penny .
 My car looks absolutely hot and with style with this vent visors , I will definitely order again from this seller it was an amazing experience ... . I 'm a million percent happy and satisfied with my visors and I highly recommended the product and the seller ... Thank you very much '
 This bearing is identical to the Acura/Honda OEM bearing and is made by the same Japanese manufacturer , but at about half the price including if you get it from an online Acura dealer . So the quality , fit and reliability should be the same . Timing belt replacement is a big job and you want to get the best part available so you do n't have to do it again until the next schedule replacement .
 The item is great ! the picture is misleading there is ony 1 not two . the picture is to demonstrate it fits left or right . My bad . otherwise cheap solution to towing mirror issues .
 The Dodge Custom Towing Mirror works great and gives you a clear view behind your tow vehicle . Unfortunately , I sold my 1996 Dodge pickup and now have two mirrors I do n't need . Be glad to sell these mirrors .
 The CIPA towing mirrors were recommended by my RV dealer . He was right . They have very little vibration and provide excellent visibility around our 26 ' 5th wheel . The only downside on the mirrors is that the passenger side mirror has too much magnification for my taste . It 's very difficult to judge how far a vehicle is behind you . That 's not an issue if you do n't tend to pass , but with my 2003 GMC Duramax/Allison I put the hammer down and walk right up most hills and frequently pass slower traffic . All in all , I would give these mirrors a B + rating , better than any other add-on mirror and a whole lot cheaper than aftermarket extended mirrors .
 Fits perfect nice and snug 96 dodge ram 1500 and 10 bucks cheaper than everywhere else . Trust me I looked everywhere and free shipping cant beat that . Have not drove with them yet update review when I do , should not be a problem though as they seem very snug . .
 Purchased these for when we are towing our TT . Really helped out as they extended my vision down the sides of the trailer . Easy to install . Others have written about them coming off with the wind . Never had a problem with mine . Tighten down the screw and you are good to go .
 Good price , fast shipping , fits perfect , they had a little vibration around 65/70 but little enough to not cause problems , happy with the purchase
 This is the 3rd brand that I have tried out of these extended mirror adapters . All of the other ones were junk ! This one is solid , slides on easily , and has a small part that `` jams '' itself between mirror and item.Holds on tightly in 85mph winds , no `` wiggle '' like some of the other types.Overall a good unit !
 We bought these to put on our 97 Dodge Ram for towing our fifth wheel , , , they are a decent mirror for the money , we did add a little bit of foam inside the cavity to help the mirrors stabilize , but for the money it 's a very good purchase .
 I needed a replacement nozzle for my Ford Escort . Ford does n't sell this item and my replacement worked like a dream . It fit great and worked like the factory original .
 When you drive in the rain , with the window visor 's installed , you feel the air coming inside.To install it ... One person , 5 minutes .
 I 've had good success with this filter on both my 440 Mopars . I 'd recommend it if you have just a regular paper filter .
 Was very happy with this . It fit perfectly on my husband 's 1996 Suzuki Sidekick . He is thrilled with them . Glad I got them .
 1 star off for the minor flaw with two sided tape
 great product.i will definitely recommend to any one else.besides being extremely affordable the quality is great as well . you wont regret making this purchase because i know i did n't .
 This is my new favorite color ... Pistachio by Krylon . I am a crafter and painter -LRB- I hand paint roses on vintage items ... eBay seller shabbychicartist -RRB- , so I have tried EVERY brand of spray paint on the market -LRB- I use the spray paint for the backgrounds of my items -RRB- . Krylon is , by far , the BEST spray paint on the market . It dries quickly , the odor is n't too bad , and the color selection is unbeatable . This PISTACHIO color is just too cool ... not only do I use it on my craft items , but I 've also painted all my outdoor plant pots in this color -LRB- so the pots would all match for a change -RRB- . It 's a lovely sage-green type of color , very pretty . I recommend Krylon sealer after the paint has dried , especially if you 're painting something that will be outside . A great product ! -LRB- I ca n't always find this Pistachio color near where I live , so Amazon is a blessing when I found it for sale here ! -RRB- You wo n't be disappointed in this color !
 This brake pad is an exact fit to the original Lexus pad . It 's been several months and thousands of miles . It 's performing as it should be at a great price !
 I was replacing the shocks on my car and decided to do the springs while I was at it . These units are made in USA and are reasonably priced . They stand almost 2 '' taller than my original springs , which have about 160,000 miles on them . I 'm not sure if that is because the originals are beat or what . I installed them anyway , and the car rides better loaded now , which is OK since I use it for work and carry lots of gear in the trunk . I expect they 'll settle in after a couple of months . Overall I 'm a happy camper .
 the store wanted double for the same heater core . this one looked like it was good quality and it has been in my jeep for a few months now without any problems .
 This is a good product because :1 . It 's not made in China .2 . It 's precisely made .3 . Did I mention it 's not made in China ?
 I will definitely purchase merchandise from this seller again . Very fast & reliable service , Thanks so much for your prompt service .
 I bought the Aircat 1000TH at a pawn shop a couple of years ago . It was well used when I got it , it is to this day still more powerful than my Snap On gun , and is both way quieter and lighter . I 've never had a problem with it , and it is just a dream to use . The molded grip handle fits my hand perfectly , and does not get cold like a metal handle .
 The impact driver seems to do everything I expected it to do and more . Good transaction .
 I bought a pair because I replaced my torsion keys -LRB- 2004 2500 -RRB- aka leveling kit , 1500 torsion keys , and needed a longer shock . Shopped around , Amazon beat everybody by $ 20 . I 'm not a novice but I 'm not an expert mechanic . I put these on myself with ease and was blown away ... Awesomeness ... Would buy anything Rancho makes . Heavy duty , excellent quality , and sharp looks with the red boot.Will be ordering more of these for my Bronco !
 Got this filter very quickly ! Shipping was fast.This filter is running great in my 1986 6.2 L diesel M1009 Blazer.K & N ; delivers only the best performance and they 're worth every cent ! I swear by em !
 Installed on a 1979 Ford F-250 Supercab with 33 '' tires to replace a failed OEM stabilizer . I have two 79 's , one with a factory steering stabilizer and the other with this Rancho unit . The factory stabilizer is acceptable with stock tires but anything larger would benefit from an aftermarket stabilizer like Rancho , Trailmaster , Rough Country , etc. -LRB- recommended to use dual stabilizers for tires larger than approx . 35 '' -RRB- . You will lose slightly more steering response over the factory unit but the reduction in bump-steer outweighed this minor drawback for me . The truck is much easier to keep between the lines now and less jerky off-road . Overall , great product that included ALMOST all of the mounting hardware needed for replacement . Unfortunately , Rancho left out one nut but I was able to reuse the original so no real problem unless yours is seized .
 Bought this product as I am tired of Autozone and other brick and mortar stores for auto parts , they are all junk . The reviews were good for this brake pad , however , every brake set I have EVER put on a vehicle , had the appropriate hardware along with the brakes pads . All the retaining clips and anti-rattle clips were none existent . Thankfully the old ones were still in good shape and I simply used them . I 'm still waiting to hear back from the manufacturer on whether or not the hardware was supposed to be included . Otherwise , this pad seems to stop smooth and no squealing . I like the product for the performance thus far .
 Received item and found it had instructions on how to install along with 4 alcohol pads for cleaning and found to be very easy to install , makes a huge difference , would recommend it to everyone .
 Review for Auto Ventshade -LRB- ordered for my 1996 Toyota Avalon -RRB- : Pros : Looks great!Priced right -LRB- $ 57.15 w / free shipping at time of purchase -RRB- . Durable -LRB- based on prior experience with similar vent visor products -RRB- . Quick installation.Fits reasonably well -LRB- not perfect , but `` good enough '' -RRB- . Functional , works well . * Cons : Once placed it can not be re-adjusted . Does n't fit perfectly , even when placed properly -LRB- only visible upon close inspection -RRB- . * _ Note
 I got a Warn VR8000 winch for my brother 's jeep as a Christmas present with the intent of welding together my own mounting plate using scrap steel plates . It soon became apparent that despite the $ 125 to be shelled out , it would be much more economical to just buy the plate and do it the easy way.This plate is HEAVY . It is all 1/4 steel and with grade 5 1/2 inch bolts to hold everything together . I have no doubts that it will hold up to anything I , or worse , my brother could put it through . It 's actually sturdier than the frame of the Jeep it 's bolted to . Its finish looks well enough , and did n't scratch during its rough handling during and prior to installation so I doubt it will scratch being hidden behind the bumper.Now the not-so-good . I 'm not sure whether my particular jeep had a different bumper , or if I was misinformed as to its exact model and trim , but the mount kit was not as much of a drop in as I was expecting . All the holes for the bumper/frame lined up well as did the ones for the winch , but some minor extras and bumper modification was required in order for proper placement . We had to cut off two tabs on the bumper that looked to be meant for fog lamp mounting for the plate to drop into place . Further , we had to buy longer mounting bolts and then stack nuts to act as spacers under the four mounting bolts to raise the plate high enough so that the winch fairlead would clear the bumper tube . I was hoping , for the price , I would have to do very little work in order for everything to fit together perfectly , however as stated this could be due to misinformation on my part . I am not sure.Despite some minor issues and snags , I would still buy the Warn 21390 Mounting kit again . Its price may seem steep , but I doubt I could have made my own with scrapyard salvaged steel much cheaper and rather than spending just over and hour for full winch installation I would expect to need at least 9 , and , at least with my level of skill , I would not expect it to be as pretty or strong .
 It has been my best choice for my jeep . Easy to bold on . very solid . no trouble . I have used it in a very hard way . It 's a Warn product . Guaranteed .
 I think I like the OEM brake pads better . These tend to squeek when full pressure is not applied to the brake peddle -LRB- like backing out of the garage -RRB- . They do stop the vehicle well .
 tehy were cool while they lasted and while i kept them on then they broke lol . but they were cool back then
 Installed these springs on my Scion tC and paired them up with TRD struts . Rides low and sleek . Dropped around 2 '' but is slightly lower in the front . Cutting corners is fun now ! Eibach is a quality spring , so you wo n't go wrong with these .
 I make it a point to replace the OEM air filter with one of these on whatever vehicle we get . The MPG and the replacement cost savings are worth it .
 What a awesome air filter , great price and a few more horse power for the 7.3 Thanks , Amazon
 Simple enough instalation . Takes about 20 minutes total including prep work . It works as described . I gave it four stars since I feel that it seems a litle cheap for the price , but it is exactly what I needed and it works well .
 Works as i expected . Keeps out the rain while the windows are open half inch . Very happy with product ! I put them on all my vehicles . Quick delivery from Amazon as always . THANKS AMAZON
 Seems like good quality , solid construction , easy to install . I like the 0/4 guage selector washer inside the tie downs .
 good product , just do n't expect wonders if you are trying to track down rattles in a car like I did . There are so many competing noises .
 Not many choices for air cleaners for 426 Hemi , this piece is well made and fits the dome air cleaner perfectly
 Great product . Yeah it 's a bit $ for a filter but considering how long it last and the added HP that yes I can feel it 's worth it .
 This is the 2nd time I have Purchased this product . I have installed it in 2 different motors and It perfroms flawlessly
 Saved me twice so far ... Tow rope got me out of a snow bank ... Has almost everything you need , some things are kind of cheap , but in general , the product gets the job done ...
 i have no buyer 's remorse in this product because my sister used this when she had some car troubles and it worked .
 It worked exactly like I expected to , one thing that I 'd of loved to be added to it though would be a bit of anti sieze . The heads on the modular engines are aluminum and the 304 stainless will weld in place if it is not used . However , for the price I am going to be doing this on all my modulars . .
 The product arrived extremely quickly and was in perfect condition . The installation instructions were very thorough and included helpful accurate illustrations . After briefly looking over the instructions , it took about 15-30 minutes to install both window visors . I just installed them last night , so I ca n't comment on how they will hold up over time . However they seem to be well made with a thick/dense plastic . I foresee no issues with them . I would definitely order this product again and might do so as a gift for friends and relatives .
 I had ordered this product as a gift for my husband . When he opened the package the two visors were loose in the box , no bubble wrap or foam packaging to keep them from being bounced around during transit . Of course , one of the two visors was broken in multiple pieces - I was so upset . The surprise gift for his birthday was totally ruined . I immediately ordered a replacement for him & returned the broken package the same day . I hope that the next shipment will be packaged a little more carefully ! Duh !! The product looked nice but whoever is in charge of packaging should think twice next time.I just wanted to add ... today is the day after I wrote the previous review & to my amazement a new package arrived this morning ! The visors were n't packaged any differently but , they were not broken & my husband is very happy -LRB- and so am I -RRB- . Thank you Amazon.com for getting us a replacement so quickly - I plan on doing more business with you in the future .
 Very unique and nice addition . Should have been factory OEM part from VW to begin with . Have received many compliments .
 I LOVE IT IT LOOKS SO GOOD ON MY TRUCK I WILL BUY FROM AMAZON ALL THE TIME THANK YOU IF YOU R LOOKING FOR A CHROM HOOD SHIELD BUY THIS ONE IT IS THE BEST
 when opening the box I found there was no hardware in the box . I contact the company and was sent a install kit . When I opened the kit I knew right away that it was not the right kit for the shield . I called customer service and was sent out another kit . I was suppose to have it here in 3 days it has been 5 and I still do not have the parts . So i cant say so much for there customer service . The shield is super nice the chrome is nice and bright and it seems to be well made .
 Looked long and hard before making this purchase . My truck is black and wanted something that would stand out on the hood . It went on very easily and I am very pleased with the way it looks . I do have an issue , but not the fault of the product . For some reason , Silverado trucks are notorious for bug deflectors making a `` popping '' noise . This is the case . It is most noticeable at interstate speeds and when it is very cold . However , not a ding on my hood and the windshield stays clean . Great product .
 This was not the exact one I ordered but it fit and I am satisfied with it and how it looks .
 This sheild fit perfectly.Installed easily . It looks great and it was shipped quickly . What more could you want.It looks like it came with the truck.Diane
 This bugshield looked exactly like I hoped it would . It looks expensive and like it came from the factory . It was super easy to install . The holes are predrilled in the hood and it lined up perfectly . I was absolutely amazed at the shipping !! I ordered on a Friday and it arrived on Monday ! This was with standard shipping . The only problem I have with the bug shield is since I put it on I have a fairly loud wind noise . It sounds like it is on the roof and I am not sure whether it is form the design of the shield and how it deflects the wind or the trucks design . I have never had a noise like this after I installed a bug shield . This is a brand new truck so I am not sure where the problem lies .
 Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my husband ... he has a 2008 Silverado and the installation was a snap ! The hood shield looks great and really adds to the look of the truck .
 A + + + + awesome item , looks stellar on the 2011 Silverado I put it on , was easy to install , and came very quickly . Two screws -LRB- without drilling into your truck -RRB- two strips of heavy duty tape , and about 10 minutes was all it took . You just need to push hard on the screws so the rubber grommets seat on the back side of the hood . Overall a great , and great looking product !!
 I OWN THIS PRODUCT , BUT ENDED UP PURCHASING IT FROM ANOTHER WEBSITE . WHEN I SEARCHED FOR THE CORRECT PART NUMBER -LRB- 680035 -RRB- , IT SHOWED UP NO MATCHES . BUT , IF YOU GO DOWN BELOW IN THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION YOU 'LL FIND THAT IT IS LISTED CORRECTLY AT THE BOTTOM . THE TITLE ON THE PRODUCT IS LISTED AS 680355 , AND SHOWS A PICTURE OF THE OLDER MODEL SILVERADO . THIS HOOD SHIELD DOES NOT FIT THAT BODY STYLE - ONLY THE NEWER MODEL SILVERADO BODY STYLE ... 2007-2011 . ANOTHER NOTE , AMAZON HAS THIS PRODUCT LISTED AS $ 92.99 + free shipping . THAT IS THE SAME PRICE THAT I PAID , BUT AT ANOTHER WEBSITE . I WISH I HAD DISCOVERED THIS DESCRIPTION ERROR BEFORE BUYING IT FROM THE OTHER WEBSITE - I PREFER AMAZON WHEN BUYING ONLINE . THIS SAME PRODUCT COSTS $ 140 AT AN AUTO PARTS STORE , SUCH AS ADVANCE AUTO . THAT 'S WHERE I GOT THE PART NUMBER FROM . AS FAR AS QUALITY , THIS HOOD SHIELD LOOKS AWESOME AND FUNCTIONS GREAT ! INSTALLATION IS ABOUT 5 MINUTES OUT OF THE BOX . I WILL NOTE THAT THE HOOD SHIELD HAS A RUBBERIZED AVS LOGO ON THE FRONT . IN MY OPINION , I THOUGHT IT TOOK AWAY FROM THE LOOKS AND DREW ATTENTION TO THE LOGO . BUT , GOOD NEWS IS , THE LOGO IS EASILY REMOVED . ONCE YOU PEEL THAT OFF , YOU MAY HAVE SOME GLUE RESIDUE LEFT ON THE SHIELD . USE A CLAY BAR AND SOAPY WATER AND IT COMES RIGHT OFF . I WANT TO STRESS THAT IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY THIS SHIELD , BUY IT FROM AMAZON - THEY ARE REALLY FAST ON SHIPPING AND RETURNS/REFUNDS ARE JUST AS QUICK . THANKS AMAZON ... . JUST PLEASE PROOFREAD YOUR PRODUCT DETAILS AND PRODUCT LISTINGS MORE CAREFULLY . THIS LISTING ERROR LOST A SALE FOR YOU , AND THAT 'S NOT COOL : - /
 I have always held a preference for Bendix brand products . Their products have always fit and performed flawlessly on my vehicles and these pads are no exception . The pads are quiet and low dusting while providing stopping performance near that to more aggressive pads . These pads have been long lasting , so far almost twice that of the OE pads and still going strong . The non-metallic compound in these also save from excessive rotor wear and generate less heat creating less brake fade and reduce the chances for rotor warpage . If there is a downside , these pads do not have the ultimate `` grip '' of OE or more aggressive pads creating the need to press the brake pedal farther / harder than normal , but stopping performance overall seems to still match OE pads under hard breaking.I would highly recommend these to anyone and I will likely get them again .
 I bought this as replacement part for a Chevrolet Corsa 2005 , this car was made in Brazil and imported to Mexico.But the original model was designed in Germany by Opel , so I search for a pump that can be used in European models.So far is working fine and I noticed that it has more power than the original .
 Remember , for certain models Jaguars , they really are just Fords . . This was for a 2003 Jaguar S Type , which is under the surface , the same basic auto as the Lincoln LS . -LRB- That 's sort of beside the point , but I thought I 'd mention it -RRB- Anyway , it is a genuine Motorcraft product , and buying via Amazon was for an amazingly low price . Shop carefully , make sure you get the right thing , and you 're on your way !
 If your Lincoln or Ford heater is pumping heat only and will not regulate temperature this is most likely the only part you need to replace . Typically hard to remove the old hoses but well worth it for a do-it yourself kind of guy . Save yourself $ 500 in labor and go for it .
 Got what I expected , new and on time . It worked well and car is back in service .
 Product was great and service was excellent experince wtih Company was great Will consider purchasing again with the Company Great
 Have always liked this one , and use to find them in stores , but glad you have them . Helps us find the van in parking lots .
 I buy these for my Mom so she can find her car in parking lots.Works great and it 's fun too.Quality is great . No complaints for this vendor.Get yourself some and add some more smiles to the world . : -RRB-
 It is inexpensive , but it works . It looks so usual that many people think it 's just a toy , and do n't even think to steal it .
 Amazon had the lowest price and the shipping was incredibly fast . I had it in just a couple of days with just the regular shipping . The filter is just what I wanted and needed . K&N sent a card with a 800 number if I had any questions or complaints . I am sure they are reacting to the mechanics that say the oil can mess up your mass air sensor , but I have friends that oil them correctly and they have had no problem . My Cuda is just carbureted so it will never be a problem .
 This is a very good product . Fits perfectly in the window and rolls up with a velcro tie which is attached to the shade . Should really help keep the FJ cool inside as the dash is black and would really heat up .
 I bought this and it is simply amazing how well it fits . This is very similar to the ones on our aircraft in the USAF , fits perfect and snug , perfect for the Mojave !!
 I expected the product to deflect sun and spare my interior . I was happy to discover it fits perfectly and stays put easily . Installation is a snap and takes only 15-20 seconds to put up or take down . Great product .
 Fits perfectly in the windshield , easy to use . Well worth the extra money to keep my all black interior cool in the summer
 This is a perfectly fitting , high quality product . It feels like it will be durable and long lasting ; my only complaint would be that it can be a little difficult to completely unroll the inner edge to fit the left edge of the windshield , just because it has a bit of memory of being rolled up .
 This shade fits perfectly in my FJ and rolls up easily . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 Perfect fit , highly recommend this product . Temps in summer here are often triple digits , and this protects my interior much more than the flimsy `` fits most '' styles .
 This sunshade is cut to the precise dimensions of the windshield and stays in place without any support . In direct sun the interior temperature stays roughly the same as the exterior temperature . Very effective .
 I could n't find a shade anywhere locally so I had to buy over the internet . A little more money than I wanted to pay but it is an excellent product . It fits perfectly and rolls up nicely . Recommend to anyone that owns a FJ Cruiser .
 I recently purchased two of these . One for our FJ and one for our Mini . THEY FIT GREAT , and roll up with nice a velcro strap to hold it closed when not in use . The sunshades are trimmed in a canvas/cloth material . Lastly , my packaged arrived busted and the shade for the Mini was damaged , they sent me another one out right away . Now that is what I call customer service . Worth the price for sure .
 As anyone who owns a Toyota FJ Cruiser knows the windshield is not a standard shape and does not lend itself to ` off the shelf ' windshield protectors . When I found this custom fit shade I was very happy and ordered one right away . I was not dissappointed . It arrived quickly and is of excellent quality . I also could n't ask for a better fit .
 My husband requested this for christmas and since it is still winter out he has n't used it yet to see how it works . He feels it will work real well .
 absolutely love this . it fits perfectly and does what it is supposed to . the interior of my car is much cooler in the summer now . no more 150 degree temps .
 If you have an FJ , then you need this . Its not like you are going to find a sun shield fitted for an FJ at any old store . Heck , not even the giant Toyota dealership had them on hand when I picked up my FJ.It appears to be well made and its a snap to put up.Im glad I bought this.You will be too .
 Received the blind today . Fit exactly to the windshield as expected . Does seem pretty sturdy . Product was received quickly and well packaged .
 I ca n't wait to see how much cooler my FJ Cruiser will be at the end of a long work day tomorrow . It 's been hitting the high 90 's already this year and it 's no fun getting into a super hot vehicle to head home . I had one of these before in a different FJ but it must have been a different brand because it had a cut out for the rearview mirror . This one perfectly and completely fills the front windshield and not having a cut out seems like a better idea so I 'm certain it will work great . Bending it around the mirror is easy enough.Love it .
 This sun shield is easy to install in the window and keeps the FJ much cooler . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it is not quick to roll back up . I think it is too slippery for a fast stow away . Otherwise , it is a great buy !
 I am a harsh judge and this is the first product I have ever instantly loved on amazon ... in fact this is my first review ever . I have had many sun screens before , but this is by far the best . I ca n't recommend this product enough . Fits perfect , rolls up easy . Is not flimsy .
 This fits perfect . It blocks everything out ... I wish they made this for the side windows I would buy those . I bought one for my wife 's solara the day after I got this one ... Shipping took way too long but the product was great
 It shades from the sun very well . Every inch of the windshield is covered . On the downside , it takes up a lot of space to roll it up and put away . Otherwise , good product .
 This product is amazing blocks out 95 % of all light in my FJ and fits perfectly , i highly recommend this product to protect your dash .
 Ummm , my title says it all . It fits perfectly and the quality is great . I love my FJ and this keeps it COOOOL in the Florida sun -LRB- in the winter ... it would take an act of God to keep it cool in the summer -RRB- . Do n't hesitate . Buy this if you love your FJ . It covers EVERY inch of the dashboard and rolls up in a split second . Boom , on the road and looking like you know what you 're doing .
 best sunshade every for any fj lovers this is you sunshade ... fits perfectly recomend it 500 % i have in all my windows 5 % of window tint and in the front a 25 % when putting this sunshade in the fj leaving it in the sun for couple of hours really works my dash is now cooler also does my fj love it recomend it for any fj lovers
 Over the years , I 've owned several `` one size fits most '' sun shields for my vehicles . Most of them have done a reasonably good job of preventing the majority of the sunlight from hitting the dash , steering wheel and front seats . They have generally helped to keep the vehicle 's interior noticeably cooler on a hot , sunny day.Well , the Sunshade Heatshield is on another level ! It fits my vehicle like a glove . Obviously it is custom fitted to the precise interior dimensions of the specified vehicle 's windshield . On my 2011 FJ Cruiser , it fits perfectly from edge to edge , corner to corner . It unrolls and maintains direct contact with the entire windshield glass , preventing nearly 100 % of the sunlight from penetrating that window , even around the edges ! This is , by far , the best sun shield that I 've seen for sale.Regarding the materials
 Very nice product that fits so well -LRB- at least on the FJ -RRB- that you do n't even need to use your sun visors to hold it up . It blocks the sun completely from coming in through the front windshield . I highly recommend this product .
 Love it ! Shield is light weight with execellant shade protection , installs and uninstalls easily , stays inplace even without visors for support and rolls readily for quick storage !
 This sunshade is custom fit for the Toyota Cruiser so it covers the entire windshield providing excellent shade and blocking out the heat . I love it !
 Fit my FJ perfect . With all the hot weather in Oklahoma , this is really coming in handy . If you want a screen to fit an FJ , this is the one . .
 I live in a place so hot it reaches 50 c degrees sometimes . But Sunshade for toyota FJ Cruiser is exactly the heatshild that you should get for your FJ . it is exactly the same size of the front window and very easy to put.it is a must for FJ .
 The sun shade fits my FJ 's windshield like a glove to keep all rays of sunshine out . I 've only used it a few times this rainy spring , but it noticeably keeps the temperature cooler inside the vehicle and protects the dash . It 's a quality product .
 This shade is a perfect fit for my FJ Cruiser , the generic ones do n't even come close to fitting , but this one really keeps out the blazing Miami sun keeping the truck 's interior much cooler , great product , highly recommend !
 Looks great on the bike with the flames matching the flames on my tank and the chrome on rest ofthe bike .
 I 'll be honest , I have not installed a lot of accessories before and was worried that I would mess this up . . The warnings that the glue set in seconds in the absence of air did n't help . That being said , When I finally started they went on as planned without a problem and now my bike looks 10 times better than with the stock grips . I would NOT be worried when installing these on any bike . Directions were clearly written and easy to follow . Beautiful product .
 Love these grips . Easy to put on and look great . Have had them on for a year and 12,000 miles and no signs of wear . Bought them with the bar end throttle lock , go well together and works perfect . Would have been 5 star , but since there not metal but chrome plated plastic , gave them four stars . Although , since they wo n't rust , should give them 5 !
 I purchased this to have some added water protection with my BAKFLIP tonneau cover . Product does exactly as stated , and keeps water from entering the bed through the tailgate . The tape material sticks well -LRB- even in the hot Arizona sun -RRB- . All in all , I would recommend this product !
 Length :
 My Grand Prix was loosing power and stalling out at times . A free computer check at a parts store indicated a faulty crankshaft position sensor . Purchased this one solely on low price , glad I did , the car is back to full power . Step by step installation instructions can be found by doing a goggle search .
 I bought these brakes for my 2006 Honda Accord after the originals began to wear down and scrape against the rotors . They were really straightforward to replace and I had no issues doing so -LRB- beside the usual difficulty of changing brake pads . -RRB- Since then , my breaks work very well , and I can definitely see why Bendix has such a solid reputation . Best of all - no noise from the breaks ! I love the quietness these break pads provide , definitely better than the stock brakes the manufacturer had on the car.You ca n't go wrong with a product like this . If you must replace your brake pads , buy this set.Hope this helps - please respond with any questions or comments .
 I am very pleased with the performance of these pads . These ceramic pads are the first I 've used , and they work very well . I sense an improved stopping performance with absolutely no noise when the brakes are applied .
 This is not the right model for 2000 and 2001 Toyota corolla . I returned the items and got my money back with no hassles . Great customer service and definitely stick to Amazon .
 Purchased this to install in the secondary -LRB- after the catalyst -RRB- position in my 2000 4Runner -LRB- 3.4 V6 -RRB- , and it worked perfectly . I had a P0420 ` catalyst inefficiency ' fault code and upon further testing , my 133,000 mile factory sensor had failed . Ordered and installed this one and I have n't gotten the fault again . This sensor requires you to cut off the factory plug end , and wire it to this new sensor , which is dead simple - the sensor includes a wire color chart for most major manufacturers . If you 've installed a car stereo -LRB- or anything that requires splicing wires -RRB- , you can do this yourself . At $ 31.00 -LRB- plus about $ 5 bucks for a new Dorman gasket -RRB- , it sure does beat buying an OEM sensor at your toyota dealer for $ 150.00 . Bosch quality and unbeatable Amazon price - ya ca n't loose .
 I just replaced by paper filter for my 1966 mustang with this one . What else can i say about K&N that has already been said . The quality of the product is really good at the same time it looks great on the filter case . I forgot to mention the great price that is being sold here on Amazon .
 A bit on the expensive side , but it fits perfectly -- I mean it looks like these seat covers were put in by the car manufacturer . Tight and relatively easy to put in . Some install steps are much easier with 2 people doing it . Openings for side airbags are a nice touch . Overall , esthetically pleasing , perfect fit and functional .
 It fits perfect on my 1984 Renault Fuego , after install ` it I feel more power and reponse when I press the gas pedal
 I put this item on my plain grey Nissan Titan Wheel , and it looks great . It honestly looks like `` factory '' work . I recommend this item to anyone looking for the high class look for the cheap price .
 It was about 2 '' short to plug in . Did not fit oem 2000 Nissan quest . I had to cut and extend both wire so it would reach pout to make connection wright .
 Installation was quick -LRB- 2008 Honda Odyssey -RRB- and it 's working as expected . Also , the deflector has held up to multiple trips through the car wash with no issues , so no complaints so far .
 Easy to Install . It took me 10-15 minutes . The clip is much better than sticker . It fits perfect on my Honda Odyssey 2008 .
 The sticker is made of quality material , sticks well and does n't fade . Fast shipping too . I love this bumper sticker . However , be careful with it . I got a lot of flak for putting this on my car . I actually had irate career women come up to me in parking lots and criticize me for believing that a mother should stay home and raise her children instead of parking them in day care or with a nanny . I placed it on my car because I wanted to make a `` statement '' . I got so sick and tired of meeting people who had a bad attitude about women who choose to stay home with their children . The attitude basically was that a `` Stay-At-Home-Mother '' does n't really `` work '' and a stay-at-home-mother is really a nobody because she does n't have some prestigious career to define her . A stay-at-home-mother does work and she works very hard . It takes a lot of skills and brains to be a good mother . If raising our children who will be our country 's future , is n't the most important job there is , than I do n't know what is the most important job for a woman .
 Have n't tested item long enough to see any fuel economy increase but vehicle does have quicker response on accelerator not to mention the awesome whistling sound the airaid makes when you step on gas . So all in all for no more than it cost it 's a nice piece with some performance features .
 Pretty easy install . Make sure you unplug the little hose above the throttle body to give you room to move it away . Airaid products are always top quality & performance
 The spacer fits perfectly and installs easy and quickly . I can definately feel a power difference under part throttle in the mid-range . I also noticed a slight fuel mileage increase . It does make a whistling noise that sounds like a supercharger whine at part throttle but it does not annoy me . Worth the money and time to install .
 The product was as advertised , and instalation was easy as the instructions were easy to understand and complete . Thank you
 I just installed this today , and so far , it definitely seems to be working ; at least in terms of horsepower and torque gain . I have noticed an increase in low end power as well as improved throttle response , and my car has smoother acceleration than before.Installation was a breeze , it took me less than an hour . And yes , there is definitely a whistling noise coming from it . You can hear it when you step on the gas.As far as MPG gains , I have n't owned it long enough to say whether it helps there . After a week , I will update this review and add my opinion on whether it helps with fuel consumption . ** Edit ** OK , after a week , I 've gained about 2 MPG so this product is definitely worth it ! It may take a few days for the computer on your car to adjust for the greater amount of air intake however , so give it a few days before the increased fuel efficiency kicks in .
 it is a very nicer filter . i did have to bend to mounting thing a little cause the rubber that comes on it is rather thick to get a very tight seal . it fits like a glove on my 77 gs550 and it makes it accelerate smoother . i highly reccomend it .
 So glad to find this , it 's a replacement for the exact same one purchased about six years ago from Kragen Auto Parts -LRB- they no longer sell this one -RRB- It 's very durable and cleans up well , I 'd actually be able to still use the original since it 's not worn out but I chose to replace it since I hung a spotlight from the steering wheel that was originally pointing out the door and it somehow slipped and aimed at the lower back section of the seat cover and burnt a hole through it , I kept using it till now , lots of upgrades and repairs were done on the truck and I wanted a new one , front pockets are very convenient due to owning only a standard cab , Looks nice against a Blue vinyl interior and Price was Fantastic ! Thanks ...
 This product was installed on a 2009 Jetta sedan . The product does cut down on the wind buffering inside the car , but does not totally eliminate . Oddly enough , their is some buffering is at low speeds . At 60 MPH , not an issue . So , no more cracking windows to relieve cabin pressure . Prior to the install , we rarely used the sunroof because of the horrible wind buffering inside the cabin . Because of that , I give it 4 stars . Installation and directions alone - I give it 2 stars . The description and directions make this SEEM like an easy install . It is not.You definitely need 2 people . The directions do not say open your sunroof or push down on the factory installed wind deflector to reach the metal edges . You have to do these 2 things . Do n't attach to the plastic wind deflector . We tried to hook and then install the screw , but it was impossible to screw and push down on the deflector at the same time . We wound up attaching the screw and hook with one person inside trying to catch the hook on the metal edge and the other pushing down from the top . You really have to push down to flatten the deflector enough to hook the metal edge . This method did work and the deflector is securely installed.The other issue is making sure you have the deflector evenly placed . I suggest aligning the deflector on the car prior to trying to install and mark your edges on the roof . This helped a lot when we were moving the deflector once we had the clips in place . Again , this was not in directions .
 This is an excellent replacement for the stock suspension if you 're looking for something near stock ride quality . With the 1-16 levels of adjustment it can be a lot firmer than stock or almost as soft as stock . With the heavier spring rates it is a firm ride , but not bone-jarring . Steering is more precise , braking comes with way less nose dive , and getting under way seems more brisk with less squat on accelleration . Cornering is flat and feels more stable than before . The damping is really good . My application is a Acura RSX Type-S . Car is a LOT more fun to drive now , I look forward to turns . Im very happy with this purchase .
 Only costed a fourth -LRB- paid around $ 60 -RRB- of what the dealer was charging . Windows go up and down what could be better .
 I have bought full sets for both my cars , and will continue using these until I cant find them anymore !
 I installed this system into my 99 vw jetta , as a replacement for the poorly operating vw system . I have had the system in now for about 1 month . So far i am very impressed with it , i did not need the magnet kit just tapped into the factory speed signal . The directions were clear , and good , i also had some hook up problems , and called tech support and they knew the product and knew what to check for very helpful . The system takes about 3 or 4 seconds to set , speed stays within 2 miles an hour as they advertise . There are 7 switches inside the controller to change speed change sensitivity and other options . Overall for the money , its a great way to install cruise control.update - Its been just over 2 years now since the system has been installed and i have had no problems.i drive 80 miles a day mon-fri and religiously use cruise control.This system is worth the money and has proven so over the last 2 years.Probally around 40k miles since i installed it.UPDATE - 11/27/09 system is still going strong with no problems . I use it daily mon-friday on my commute to work .3 rd update - 1/30/12 . system is still installed and working in my car . I have had a few times where it was not working fully and was tempermental but its ok now . One time i removed the unit and used shop air to blow out some of the corrosion inside the circuit board and it started working ok again . 144k on the car and system was installed at approx 65-68k area .
 I 've installed this on my motorcycle . It is very easy to install and works flawlessly . You must make a small vacuum chamber out of PVC pipe on a motorcycle to keep it working smooth and instantaneously . It should work on any bike , but it is best that you research your bike on the forums on the internet . They will have much more detail specific to your bike to make it easier to do .
 The only reason I give this a 4 is because the installation is a pain . The first pain is figuring out a way to attach the servo to the throttle . Then there is the poor manual . The explanation of the DIP switches is especially bad in the manual . I had to do some testing to find out what the right DIP switch setting is for the tach only install on a manual transmission -LRB- note - look at your tachometer 's RPM at 65mph and use the one that 's closest , e.g. 2,000 for a Jeep and 5,000 for a typical motorcycle -RRB- . Once installed , however , it works great . I 've had mine for over a year now and taken it offroad and everything and the only problem I had was when a fuse vibrated out of the fuse box and cut off the power to the CCS100!The only warning I have is that if you have LED brake lights it will * not * work -- the brake light is used to ground the vacuum selenoid -LRB- it 's a safety feature so that the cruise control will automatically disengage if a wire breaks between it and the brake circuit -RRB- , and LED brake lights wo n't ground the feeble voltage coming out of the vacuum selenoid unlike a real light bulb . I actually added an extra brake light to my vehicle to give a good ground for the CCS100 . Also , for motorcycle geeks out there , you will need a proper vacuum canister with backflow valve to have sufficient vacuum to activate the throttle . But with a vacuum canister I 'm successfully feeding the beasty enough vacuum off of a one-lung KLR650 dual sport to go 70mph , so it should work on anything !
 The parts supplied seems to make it versatile enough for many applications . The installation is a little tough though and the model specific application guide needs to be updated as it ends with 1995 models . I installed this on a brand new 2008 Ford Ranger 2.3 L 4 cyl w / manual trans . Anyone interested in that should see C Nerdin 's review . His comments for proper VSS , Tach and brake wires are accurate for the 2008 models too . Following them , the device worked the first time . It seems to hold the speed accurately .
 This cruise control has been put on a 2004 Suzuk Volusia Motorcycle . I have to say the instlation went great , the unit works just fine and the retro-fit to a motorcycle is no problem.I would recomend this unit to anybody that needs a cruise control at a very good price.Steven -LRB- Kilowatt -RRB- Rawls
 I have had this for over a month now and it works great . I installed it on my 2000 frontier and have had no problems , the tech help line can give you all the info you need about where to find the right wires to use , works great and the price was right !
 This was a great find at a great Amazon price . This device has made long commutes a real joy , and I 'm not sure how I managed so long without it.The installation manual is not clear at times , and the installation process is not for everyone . I was lucky enough to find a step-by-step how-to with pictures online for my exact year and model of vehicle . Without the third party help I would have been lost trying to install this , and I consider myself a slightly better than average home-mechanic .
 This is an excellent product for the intermediate installer . It 's an easy install but the wiring instructions were a little bit complicated to understand . If you dont have cruise control on your ride , this is the kit for you . Took about two hours to install .
 I have installed the CCS100 on my daughters 1991 Toyota Celica , another of my daughters 2000 Sunfire and my sons 1988 Chevrolet pickup . The two cars were done five years ago and are still working great . I installed the one on my sons truck two weeks ago ; so far so good . I would recommend this product to anyone , but you need to have a little mechanical and electrical apptitude .
 Installed this unit on a Valkyrie motorcycle . No vacuum canister required , as the vacuum from 5 of the 6 cylinders is strong enough for the servo . Audiovox certainly provides enough pieces in the box to handle whatever your mounting requirements are -LRB- you do n't use them all , so there are lots of extra parts left over -RRB- . That being said , there 's quite a bit of work , including some innovative thinking and some irreversible steps , so I would not recommend installation by someone is is n't mechanically inclined . As for its performance ... the accuracy is very good to about + / - 2 mph . All in all , I 'm very pleased with the system and , most likely , will install one on my other bike , before too long .
 just like in alot of the reviews , unit works very well but the directions and customer service could be a little better . Installed on a 2000 Nissan Frontier 2.3 L w/manual trans . Directions offered NO help what so ever ! If you can get the wiring and other specifics figured out then this cruise control will work well !
 I installed this cruise control on an 2007 Honda ST1300 . It was a little challenging because it was not designed to be installed on a motorcycle but it all fit and worked great . The speed varies maybe 1 MPH . Great product .
 The instructions were adequate but suffered from having to apply to all vehicles . The particular settings for my car -LRB- 96 VW Jetta -RRB- were clear . The most difficulty was in finding a place to mount the control in the engine compartment . I fabricated a bracket using some of the included parts . The wiring connections were straightforward . I have a VW shop manual with electrical diagrams and was able to make all the under dash connections to the fuse/relay panel using open slots . There is a blank dash panel , used if the car has heated seats , that worked for attaching the switch module The Amazon price with free shipping was less than my employee discounted cost at a local parts store .
 I installed this unit about a year ago on a 2004 Turbocharged MX5 with six speed manual . The install was very smooth despite the manual being vague at times . I will say that you should be somewhat proficient in car wiring , or at least know your own car , otherwise this is not an install for you . Also , set aside some time , several hours at the least to lay out the wiring and the parts you will needThe unit works almost flawlessly , only occasionally dropping a mile or two an hour which can be annoying at times -LRB- though it may just be my speed signal -RRB- . The unit has a very good threshold before dropping out and is easy to control . I was even able to update my OEM switchgear to control it , as mine did n't come with the option installed.All in all , this is a wonderful product that I have little problem with , and for a universal unit is excellent .
 THIS ITEM ARRIVED REALLY FAST . INSTALLATION WAS A BIT TOUGH FINALLY GOT IT FIGURED OUT . CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS VERY HELPFUL IN HELPING ME FIGURE OUT WHICH WIRE I CONNECTED INCORRECLTY . HAVE HAD IT INSTALLED FOR ABOUT 7 MONTHS NOW . WORKS GREAT DONT KNOW WHY I TOOK SO LONG TO GET ONE .
 I put this system on a 97 Miata and it works flawlessly . Installation was pretty straight forward although I had the help of a lot of directions on the Miata forum . About two hours to install . It holds the speed very well and has all the functions of a factory system . I know people in the Miata world that have been using this system for 10 + years with no problems or failures.Amazon 's price w/free shipping is unbeatable anywhere on the Internet . Although they indicate it may take 2-3 weeks , mine arrived in five days in perfect condition . There is every conceivable adapter included with the system for hooking up the throttle control , vacuum lines and electrical connections . For some reason , this unit is not recommended for Honda vehicles so beware if that 's what you have .
 I used this Cruise Control for my Honda VTX 1300 motorcycle . It works like a dream . It is so comfortable now on long m/c trips . To me it was worth twice the $ 98 total which included shipping .
 I installed this in my 2000 Dodge Dakota with a 4 cyl . It works as advertised . There are a lot of ` extra ' parts in the box , since it is a universal kit , they package several things you 're not going to need.I had to do a little web searching for my partiular install , but found the answers pretty quickly . In all it took me about 6 hours to install it , if I had to do it again it would probably take me about 2 hours .
 The shipment was delivered on time and good condition . The Cruise control works great , what more could a customer ask for .
 I bought two . Put one on a diesel Mercedes Benz and one on a Honda 750 motorcycle . The instructions are easy to follow and there are lots of options to make this cruise control work on almost any vehicle . A wiring diagram for the vehicle is a big help but not required .
 I was able to install the Audiovox Cruise Control into my motorcycle.I took my time , wanted to get it right the first time , and was able to finish it over a two day period . If I did it again I would estimate the install to take about four hours.It works just great and ca n't wait to use it on my next long distance motorcycle trip .
 I bought this item to use on a Honda Goldwing and it works perfectly . Install was easy , and performance good .
 The seller was great ! No problems there !! the company Audiovox is substandard in customer service ... Purchased the CCS100 for my daughter 's 1997 Corolla . I immediately noticed the instructions for installation left off with year model 1995 cars , they have not been updated . This information is used to locate the VSS speed signal . Also , the instructions state if your -LRB- my -RRB- car is not listed to use the alternate speed sensor method by installing magnetic pickup coils -LRB- provided in the kit -RRB- . Well remember instructions left off with 1995 cars , but mine is 1997 . I called Audiovox to get help and was third in line on their customer phone que . Then I was second , then finally I was next . Finally after 55-minutes the phone was picked up , not by a human but by an answering machine asking me to leave a detailed question and a phone number and they would call me back . They never called me back . I went out and bought the car schematics and located the VSS signal on my car , and wired it up . The cruise control works great , no thank to their instructions or their customer service.Later I e-mailed the company to complain about their lack of responce . Again I received no answer via phone or e-mail . Recommendation
 This product was installed in a reason amount of time . Documentation is well done and totally a pleasure to read . Unit works very well .
 This unit was installed in April 2008 . Engages immediately . Holds speed very well - especially going down hill.Installation for a 1999 Escort was another thing . It took a day of searching on the internet to find the right wiring diagrams . After that - it was a quick and simple installation.Installation for a 1999 Ford Escort LX : Control Lever
 works great , if I can install it anyone can ... I got help from their service center ... someone actually answered on a Saturday ... works great !
 The product was installed on a Honda VTX 1800 which of course is not the intended use of the cruise control . With modifications it was easy to install and performed perfectly .
 After much searching I finally decided to try Audiovox css100 . I was alittle apprehensive but made the purchase . I am glad I did . It was easy to install and has worked flawless for nearly one year . I plan to buy another for my 1971 Vw Westy . The price is right , everyone else 's is much more expensive .
 I installed 4 of these units in the past . The first one was on an '80 Mustang I later removed it from the Mustang and installed it in an '85 Ranger both of these were with the magnet attachment . The 3ed was on a '92 Ranger and the 4th was on an '85 VW Vanagon , both without the magnet kit . Most cars after ` 90 will not need the magnet kit -LRB- the magnet kit is included with this kit -RRB- . The VW was the trickiest with a lot of mods due to the age and engineering of the VW . All the tips I found on the internet , just search on Vanagon and CCS100It 's a simple and easy unit to install for most people with little experience on automotive repairs , its helpful to know a little about electronics too . When you get the kit and open it for the first time it can be a little overwhelming with all the bags of parts and several instruction books . Once you read the instructions you will find out that you only use about half or less of the parts depending on your car.Don ' t expect to do the job in a couple of hours . I suggest reading the instruction books one day . Plan on having your car down for at least 2 days . All the parts you need should come with the kit . Read the instructions one more time before starting . Only start when you have a full day you can spend on it without interruptions . Walk way from the project if it gets to be too much and take a break.Once you have it installed , plan on another half day to fine tuning the settings and cleaning up your work . Do n't worry about all the leftover parts , there will be plenty of parts still in the box.If you need help there is a 1-800 # that I called once and at the time a real person from the US answered the phone , was very helpful .
 I have used this product before and was well satisfied , this one had a defect and was returned . the technician from the audio-vox was very helpfun and treated me super .
 I installed this item on my 1992 Geo Metro convertible . I took my time and read all of the instructions included . It was n't that hard to install . I did add the vacuum canister since it is a 3cyl . engine . I did call the customer service a couple of times and they were very helpful . The system works great and it was worth every penny !!
 Very versatile . Plenty of hardware for multiple installation options . Installed mine on a Honda Motorcycle . Works great .
 Indeed , apparently very difficult to install . I hired a professional mechanic to install it and it took longer than he had anticipated , plus there was difficulty getting the wiring to stay wired . However the end result is a well-functioning cruise control on my manual transmission 98 Ford F150 .
 The installation took most of one afternoon . During my first road test , the module was not working properly , but that was because I did not secure the actuator cable rigidly enough . That problem was solved easily by using the metal brackets supplied in the kit . Everything is included in this kit . The only thing I needed to install it was common hand tools and a multimeter to ensure the vehicle wiring was as I suspected . The instruction booklet s very good , but the vehicle specific attachment locations for my VW were not very helpful with the color specifications . Finding the the correct transmission and distributor wires required a some though and the multimeter for confirmation , but I got it all correct the first time . I highly recommend this product . The only problems I 've had using it are it does n't hold the speed constant driving up steep hills and it does not disengage when the clutch is depressed , but those are probably specific to my vehicle , and adjusting the sensitivity might correct them .
 This product was fairly easy to install but the instruction leave a little to be disired . There are a few extra pieces needed if you have a four cylinder car you are putting this on which raises the cost of installation . Overall though a good product .
 I found Tech support fabulous ! . I had some problem getting the cruise to engage . Tech support told me how to wire a single pole double throw resistor.The problem comes with LED tailigts , not to anyone using LED you will need to check the cold side of brake wiring and if any power registers , use the resisitor.That was not the end of my complications . I also needed to isolate the input to only VSS and ground the tach wire . I simply could not have done this project without tenacious and competent techs . I learned a ton , but you better stick with this or it will beat you . Well Done Techs !
 Following instructions provided by VTXriders forum members , I had no problems adding this system to my Honda VTX1300C motorcycle . Works as well as or better than the factory installed one on my Honda GL1800 motorcycle . Excellent product!prs
 I needed a wiring diagram for my car -LRB- Saturn S -RRB- to install this product . The instructions are pretty straight forward after you read them a few times . The control came with enough brackets to mount it properly , the hardest part for me was finding space under my hood for it ! If you can install aftermarket fog lights and change your oil , you can do this .
 I am very happy with CCS100 Audiovox Cruise Control , It works great and could ` nt have fit better , works wonderful . Shipping was on time . I installed this on my 1968 Ford Fairlane . The control switch is what sold me on this item . Thanks -- Max
 Audiovox CCS100 Universal Vacuum Cruise Control was purchased through Amazon . Less than other web sites , less than store price . Had issues in making item function . Called Audiovox tech . He was very helpful and complete in description for the problems I was having . As was installing on an old 68 Mustang model that has some modifications . Tech knew exactly what to do to correct . Then road tested . Satisfactory tested . Took on trip in Colorado , Road speed of car in cruise does not vary more than 2 mph up hill or down . Terrific software , naturaly good in is equal to good out . Pulse from drive shaft is great feedback . As the After market coil is not compatible with Audiovox CCS 100 . Have brite led lites for brake lite turnsignal . Not compatible with Audiovox either . Tech on phone knew all about these items and corrected over phone .
 I installed this cruise control in a Honda ST1100 motorcycle about 2 years ago . It worked perfectly right from the start , and I 've not had a minute 's trouble with it . On a trip to Washington , DC it held my selected speed to within 1 mph , regardless of terrain . The installation took some planning and effort , but was probably more difficult because of the close confines of the motorcycle internals . I think it would have to be much easier to install in an automobile , especially one with good accessability around the engine . Overall , I think this is a great product for the money !
 I installed this cruise on a 1985 20 ft winnebago LeSharo with a Renault 4 cylinder motor and chassis . I was able to hook up to the VSS which made things a lot easier than using the magnets.wires I did not use.blue wire with noise suppressor -LRB- cut short -RRB- grey wire inside that comes off 4 pin connectorDIP switch setting we ` reall on except 4 and 6found other dip settings did not work above 45 mph.good luck . I am buying another one for our 92 honda civic.jack
 I am a member of a local car club and so far we have installed this unit on 6 or 8 of the member 's cars and found it to be a very reliable and accurate unit . It is easy to install and does not require a great deal of mechanical ability . Highly recommend using this unit to improve driving experience .
 Installed this on a 1996 Forder Ranger 2.3 L with 5 speed trans . I must say , this is an excellent fit for the little Ranger ! The kit is high quality and all the necessary parts are supplied . As many others have noted , the documentation is a little sketchy . Most inportant is the location of the tach wire and VSS -LRB- speed sensor -RRB- wires that you must attach to . The data for the Ranger was n't correct , and until you find the right wires , the unit wo n't work . I strongly suggest a haynes manual or other shop manual be available for your vehicle in case the the included data for your particular vehicle is n't right . Also , you MUST have at least some experience working on cars or this kit will probably be too complicated for you . The vacuum servo is small and therefor , and the accelerate function is n't effective in 5th gear . It works fine for maintaining a speed though . All in all , the kit works great !
 Cruise control works great ! I installed it in a 98 VW and no issues at all . I had heard Audiovox had good customer service , but when I called them they were horrible . Do some internet searches and you can find whatever info you need . Great product for the price .
 Audiovox CCS100 Universal Vacuum Cruise Controlwould recamend this add-on . fairly easy to install but , wiring diagrams for ford are a little iffy . have used this product twice . tom o.
 This is the second one of these I have bought and used . The last one -LRB- for a Volvo 240 -RRB- is almost 8 years old now and still works great . This one went into a new Scion XB . It went in easily and works great . You do need to be technically proficient to install , and it is a lot of work . The actual installation instructions are very good , but the applications -LRB- wire information for power , VSS , and Tach for each model -RRB- only go up to like 1993 . The help number was only open certian hours , so I went online and found lots of help -LRB- I searched Scion cruise control -RRB- . There are plenty of Blogs on the subject - some are excellent . I would have given it 5 stars , but the out-of-date apps info cut it down . This is a great cruise control , well-made and easy to use - solid and stable .
 Great product , easy to install and works as well as the factory installed one on my new Altima .
 I put the CCS-100 cruise control into my 1998 Ford Escort . It is an excellent product considering it is universal . It fit well and was simple to install , specifically for someone with a little more experience than I have at auto electronics . I did find that the installation manual seemed to be designed for better-than-novice techs . There was no real narration for most of the throttle installation , just diagrams , many of which did not apply to my application . I did find a website where a guy gave a detailed narrative and photos of his install on the same vehicle . This was more handy and the combination of the manual and the website helped me get this job done in about seven hours . Product works like a champ !
 The cruise kit needs newer instructions to make installing on newer cars easier but if you can find the vehicle speed sensor wire and tach wire your good to go .
 Worked great , the instuctions worked good for me since all i really need to know was what wires did what . comes with a ton of xtra 's for a variety of installs . but works greatI did a write up on the install -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I installed a NOS Audiovox CCS100 that I 've had in my `` new '' 1970 220D Benz . One VSS magnet is on the drive shaft and the tach wire is open . I did not clip the tach wire and it lays next to the alternator voltage regulator . I had to set the switches for 4,000 ppm -LRB- not 2,000 as in the manual -RRB- to get the set speed up to 35 . At 2000 it set from 20 mph to 60 mph , but no more . Vacuum pump with plenty of vacuum on this model and a good reservoir in the master vac so the cruise will floor the foot feed . I did leave the shipping bag on the servo because of past experience with these models failing to turn off when wet . Initial satisfaction , good . I commute 40 miles one way , so we 'll be giving it a good workout .
 The package says it does n't work on a Honda but I put it on a 1994 Civic without any trouble . It works fine . I hooked it up to the pedal unit inside the car but the servo is by the power steering reservoir . It does take a while to install but it 's worth it . It holds speed within 1 mph for me .
 I just finished installation on a 1971 Impala , 350 V8 and automatic . While a little intimidating when starting , it seemed that instructions may have originally been written for an car like this , because I had no problem . Perhaps messing with digital controls makes it harder for others , but it was all simple mechanical and electrical connections on a car this old.I did n't use most of the hardware , just the servo , the control switch and only one magnet required . A little troubling to get to the end of the job and have so much left-over hardware , but they seemed prepared for any eventuality.Only required the ball chain and a couple of connectors to make throttle connection , it was the easiest part of installation . There is a bracket next to the coil that seems intended to accommodate the servo cable . If you have a Rochester 2bbl carb , it 's a simple matter of popping off the snap-on throttle cable , slipping a ring connector at the end of the ball chain onto the carb , then pop the throttle cable back on . About 5 minutes to get that done.I thought directions were clear enough , except perhaps on dip switch settings . However , help desk had the answers . My biggest difficulty was getting to places under the dashboard that GM in 1971 did n't think a consumer would ever need access . Not everyone needs to install all components -LRB- servo , control switch and magnet sensor -RRB- , so each installation handled separately , which caused a little frustration because installing all three components required bouncing from one instruction sheet to another.For this type car , it 's hard to get it high enough with a jack to get magnet and sensor installed . I got frustrated trying to work in limited space , but fortunately had access to a military auto hobby shop . Once on the lift , had magnet and sensor installed in about 30 minutes .
 I price matched at Schucks and Got it for $ 83 . Installed on 2006 Silverado Pickup . Needed a couple items that were n't included in the box , but works well . I think I could do it again in a couple hours . The only vacuum I could find was for the PCV Valve -LRB- left valve cover -RRB- . I had to cut the gray plastic pipe just before the bend so I could install the supplied `` T '' and bought a 2 '' 11/32 '' vacuum line to hook the remaining gray plastic pipe to the `` T '' . Most of the wires needed are available in the factory wiring harness that is plugged into a dummy cover on the fire wall between the brake booster and the left hood hinge . The tape on the plug needs to be peeled back a few inches to allow the wire splices to be used . The color coding is as follows . Brown/White stripe is the brake light and hooks to the cruise purple wire . The Dark green/White stripe is the VSS -LRB- Vehicile Speed Sensor 4,000 PPM -RRB- and hooks to the Gray wire on the cruise . The Brown wire Is Ignition power and hooks to the Cruise orange wire . The Light Blue/black stripe wire is brake Light Supply and hooks to the red wire on the cruise . The Blue wire on the Cruise goes to the coil plug on the left side of the carbrator . It hooks to the White/black stripe wire . I also had to buy a linkage clip to hold the cruise linkage in place .
 Unit works great and is easy to install . Instructions could be better and you may have to call for support from the co. . This is my second unit and i had a problem . Followed the trouble shooting guide without success . The co. told me that the tail lights may be the problem . I replaced a bulb and it worked . This info not in the book.Mike
 I was a little skeptical of the positive review here and other places . I should n't have been . Other than taking some time to make a bracket to guide the throttle cable and figuring out the wiring to the VSS and Tach -LRB- had to use the wiring guide for a Nissan Quest , same car -RRB- things have never gone so smoothly for me in an aftermarket install . Indeed this box includes everything you need . If you are clever and have a functioning set of OEM cruise switches , you can even wire this unit directly to your OEM stalk instead of using the switch box included . Unfortunately my switches were n't compatible . I installed it on a Saturday , took about 4 hours or so . Drove it 1000 miles the next week without a hitch . Two months now and still working great . A good product for a great price .
 I already own three of these units and they all work great . Will buy one again if needed . I have one unit that is six years old and has never given me any problems . If somebody wants a good cruise control for there car , this is the one to buy ! C.R.
 I have purchased several of these in the past from retail outlets to install on my and friends motorcycles . They work great and I ca n't live with a bike without one . Recently they have been impossible to find other than through 3rd party sales such as this one . Thanks for the prompt delivery and in the new in the box condition .
 this cruise control will work on a motorcycle also . i used it on a 2005 honda vtx 1800R and it works great just google the dip switch set up for your bike and someone will have the setup for you .
 system is easy to install , works great . Only issue is the data provided only goes up to 1995 models . cruise was installed on 2004 corolla
 You need some knowledge , some `` handy '' skills but with low efforts you can install it . Just be sure you opened the hood more than once for an oil refill . Description guides you , Audiovox comes in few elements anyway so you wo n't loose overview.It runs great in older vehicles . It 's already the second one after ten years and changed not much - definitely a sign for the quality of the product .
 I bought it for my 1989 toyota landcruiser , instructions were good , just had to read between the lines . Instalation took about 6 hours , but i am maticulous in how everything goes . I would recommend this product , it works great no problems at all . Price was great to .
 I have used this product many times before it works great & can be installed by a novice automobile person or a Master Tech like me . It works so well that local technicians install them on motorcycles !
 Worked exactly like you would expect , but is a HUGE pain in the rear to install on an Econoline van . There just is n't enough room . But it was worth it in the end as I have n't caught myself driving 65 in a 55 since I 've installed it . Much cheaper than one of those tickets would have been.Has been going strong for almost 2 years !
 I 've used this for a couple of years now in my street rod . I had one that only lasted a couple of years but after it went bad I found out my cab was not grounded well and had some crazy high voltage spikes . I liked it well enough I bought a second one and it is great and it 's been 2-3 years now .
 So this product is a great way to add cruise control to your current vehicle . I got this to install cruise control onto my 2003 Hyundai Accent . It was such a basic care and I did so many highway trips this was going to be the perfect addition for me.Don ' t expect this to be anywhere close to a plug and play solution though . I spent quite a few hours just researching where wires were and which wires were which . Then under the hood I had to plan out how I was going to attach everything.Once you get started do n't get frustrated if things do n't work out the way you want . They provide many brackets so you can customize your setup for your car and I ended up having to get many additional parts to attach it to my throttle body.I was completely happy with the end result . The cruise control worked perfectly for me and I would spend all that time again if I had to.The downside of this type of product is that there are very few options if you want to add cruise control and unless you want to go with OEM equipment this is by far the least expensive.If you 're not ok with doing a lot of hands on work that 's ok as well . There are many shops that would be willing to do the work for you . I would recommend starting with a car audio shop since they do a lot of custom work . Most mechanic shops are kind of stick in the muds when it comes to modifying what is already there.If you do want to do this on your own here are some links to help you . Other reviews and some DIY 's . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had never installed a cruise control on anything before , but this unit came with very clear instructions and tips for programing it , which made the installation pretty easy for me . I installed it on my VW powered trike that I was completing at the time . I made a custom mounting for the switch housing on the handlebars , so it looks like a factory installation . It is wonderful on a long ride , to be able to set the speed and relax your right hand from holding the throttle open.All the safety release methods work great too . With just a touch of the clutch or brake peddle releases the cruise control hold , and lets the engine return to idle just as it should.My only complaint is that it does n't have a `` resume '' capability . I have to reset my speed after coasting down , or stopping . This is n't a real problem , but it would be a little better if I could just touch one button to go back to my previous speed setting.Other than that one little complaint , I love this thing , it makes rides so much more pleasant . I would n't be able to ride nearly as much without it , my old hands just ca n't stand the constant hold on the grips anymore .
 I installed this in a 2000 Kia Sephia a couple years ago and it has worked flawlessly -LRB- well , it works as good or better than any factory install though all are a bit jumpy -RRB- . The instructions are INCORRECT for the Kia and it took a good deal of futzing with the switches and a request for a technical supervisor before the correct setting was found -LRB- first line tech support simply reads the manual to you -RRB- ; however , it was worth the time to install and it is fairly represented in the product description . Saved about 10 % over similar product at Advanced Auto .
 I feel this is the best value for the money I 've ever seen . Quality , simplicity , works very well . Requires some ability to install . Highly recommend .
 What a great product !! It took me just under four hours to install but have to admit that I had some help installin it on my Geo Metro since I found step by step info on the web for my particular car . Best $ 90 I 've spent in a long time . Tech support was great to work with at Audiovox too . I had a bad ground and the unit did n't work at first but one quick call to Audiovox support and the problem was cleared up quickly and easly . Highly recommended !!
 I 've tried writing this review 3 times only to have it thrown out by Amazon 's software - started out nothing but favorable but I 'm beginning to get P.O.ed . - great company - they need to review their review software ... I received this Audiovox cruise control within a few days of ordering , it is the least expensive aftermarket cruise I could find . Everything necessary to install on my 1991 Dodge Dakota -LRB- 6 cylinder -RRB- was included but I recommend purchasing the vacuum canister at the same time , particularly if the vehicle it is to be installed on is a 4 cylinder . The canister is cheap , easy to install and factory cruises use one . I 've installed a few aftermaket cruises in the past and this one was as easy as any . The electronics are in the servo so there are only 2 basic parts
 The seller delivered exactly what I ordered , and did so very quickly , even though I selected the least expensive shipping option . I have used this cruise control before , and it works wonderfully . Other than not having free shipping by Amazon as an option , this was a wonderful order .
 These units are great for persons with some mechanical aptitude . Installation can take some time and ingenuity depending on the vehicle , but once installed they work great . Price is right and quality seems good . I 've used these units on three vehicles now and they 've been trouble free.Q
 I put this on a 1995 Nissan Sentra . Installation took about 6 hours but 4 of them were trying to get the cruise wires from the servo through the firewall without drilling a new hole . Getting them through the existing rubber seal was a bit frustrating , but once that was done it only took about an hour . I needed a couple extra electrical hookups so be prepared . In order to gain access , the glove compartment , the underside of the driver side dash , and the steering column cover were removed . The manual recommends that you do n't mount the servo on the firewall , but I did -LRB- used the factory location -RRB- and ca n't hear it at all.As far as operation , the unit works as good as the amount of vacuum that 's available . I attempted to use the unit with no vacuum canister and it works at low speeds and when you 're driving flat , but any hill will give you problems . In order to correct , I made used a 2 '' piece of PVC -LRB- about 4 '' long -RRB- with endcaps and two 1/8 '' barbed brass nipples . Dropped this in line with a vacuum check valve from the car store and it works great . I can stay at 70mph with only about a 1mph variation.Don ' t expect -LRB- on a small car anyway -RRB- this to work well in the mountains . I just took a trip to CO and was n't able to use cruise because there was n't enough vacuum to shift the car out of overdrive .
 This product worked very well when connected correctly . I attempted to use the magnet kit on my 99 Jeep Cherokee , but it did not work very well . I then located the VSS wire and now the cruise works flawlessly . The instructions are absolutely TERRIBLE but other than that it is a good product so far .
 I purchased this unit to install on my 1967 Corvette Big Block Coupe . The best feature of the cruise control is it will function on the Tach only sensor . You do not need VSS -LRB- vehicle speed sensor -RRB- magnets on the drive shaft . Installation took only 3 hours and all necessary components are included in the kit . It holds speed within + or - 1 MPH . For the price it is a great option to add to any vintage car you cruise in .
 Installed the cruise control in one nite on a 1940 Ford Hot Rod ! Works perfectly.Easy directions and simple to install . Long trips are much more fun now !!
 The only one that works on a Rabbit Diesel because on no electronics . three Hours install if you have done one before as I have . Simple a little ugly in the car but bullet proof . The unit has never been upgraded and redone for ten years I know of . Amazon is the best place to get one though because of the freight .
 Subj unit is not the easiest to install and the instructions are not the best.Once done , in this case a Fiat 2000 Spider , the unit functions as good or better than modern built in systems.I just bought a 2nd unit for a 190SL .
 The installation is very easy and the unit performs as advertised . Well worth the price . I put it in an old corvette with lots of power and it works without problems , just like factory cruise control
 Excellent product , easy to install on my 95 Ford Ranger 2.3 L standard transmission . Had to use my Haynes maintenace manual for the Ranger though . Documentation that comes with it gives false information on where to find the Tach -LRB- tan/yellow pin 48 -RRB- and VSS -LRB- gray/black pin 58 -RRB- wiring on Powertrain Control Module for the 95 Ford Ranger . It indicated the same location as the 92-94 Ranger . I had installed the same unit a few years ago on my 95 Saturn SL2 .
 I installed the CCS 100 six years ago on my Geo and it just finally stopped working . I 've been VERY impressed as it is inexpensive and designed to be universal , still it sets easily , holds speed within a few miles per hour , and lasted beyond my expectations . I intend to buy another , though from what I 've diagnosed I would just need the circuit board . Recommended .
 Purchased this item for a 1999 Honda Valkyrie Motorcycle and it works great -LRB- with a little help -RRB-
 this thing is wonderfull , installed on a 20002 connie.Did 2500 miles 4 days and gave me so much freedom from the throttle.Easy to in stall to.two thumbs up !
 I used this kit as an aftermarket solution to install cruise control in my Lotus Elise . It has been working great so far . Installation was a bit of a challenge due to the car being mid engine , but I was able to make it work .
 This is the third CCS 100 I have installed ,75 Corvette ,71 Elcamino , and 86 GMC 4x4 Pickup.They are easy to install and work very well . The price is the best Ive found.I have one more car to install one in and it will be another CCS 100 .
 What do I need to know before I start to install this on my 1992 Isuzu 4 cyl . 5 speed std . p.u. ?
 I found the CCS100 pretty easy to install . The installation manual could be a lot more descriptive regarding the dip switch programing . Calling the Tech support line was helpful.I have about 2000 miles of operation on a 1981 Fiat 2000 using the CCS100 cruise control and am very pleased with its performance .
 The system works good but the wiring is difficult to figure out . I was replacing an after marker cruise control system of a different brand in my 2000 Nissan Frontier . This system 's wiring color was a little different but Audio Vox tech support help line was helpful .
 **** Update **** Wow , you almost never see a `` Discontinued '' product come back , in this caseit 's just smart business on thier part for start back production of thisgreat little cruise control.I 've had this cruise control on my Yamaha FJR1300 since 2009 , it 's workedflawlessly in that time . Installation was `` Moderate '' on the difficultylevel but then what 's easy to install on a motorcycle?It 's definitely worth the trouble . *** End Update *** Get one now before they discontinue it again.Don ' t wait for Amazon or anyone to get this back in stock , if someone has onein hand - buy it.Audiovox has stated the following : `` The factory that manufactured these for us went out of business and we couldnot find a replacement . This is no longer in production and parts are no longeravailable . `` Thank you for using Audiovox.Customer Service
 Installed on 85 BMW K100RS . This unit is great , electronic cruise on and older bike . You have to have some mechanical skills to pull this one off but its well worth the effort . Unit is safe and will disengage with either brake , clutch or the unit off switch . Holds your speed up or down hills with a max variance of about 3 MPH . Finding a place to mount the components is the biggest challenge .
 Installed this successfully in a retired police cruiser . 2003 Ford Crown Vic.No problems for my needs.On hills I sometimes have to give it a little foot pressure but no big deal . For best results some recommend adding a vacuum tank.Fairly robust
 So this unit was made for 95 and earlier cars . It takes a lot of work just to find out which wires to hook to , mainly vss and tach . But after a few hours on the internet and a lot of confusing answeres , I finaly figured it out and got it installed . I give this 4 stars becouse Audiovox needs to update the instructions with newer model vehicles -LRB- guys do you know how much profit you are missing out on here , other cruise manufactures use basically the same setup with updated instructions -RRB- . As for the operation , it keeps speed better than some oem cruise controls I have used . Look forword to easy driving from here on out .
 works well but it is terrible to install , i had to take it to a garage and even they had problems with it . they put in 4 calls to the manufacturer before finally getting it to work.it does work great though .
 A must have for any car owner who wants a lowered looked with increased handeling !!! Zero rub and install was straight forward easy to do my self .
 After lots of research and pictures of other Eclipse 's on lowering springs I decided on these . I wanted to get rid of the gap in my fenderwell that all Eclipse 's have . I also did n't want to put too much strain on my stock shocks . This kit is an all around perfect setup . It got rid of the gap and I can still go over speed bumps and get in driveways without having to worry about bottoming out . I have seen pics of other springs dropping their cars unevenly . These springs dropped my car perfectly about 1.5 inches all the way around . Would recommend these springs to anyone .
 Wow ! these are on sale for $ 80.12 on Amazon ? That 's quite a steal ! I paid $ 266 for these sway bars a few years ago and had them professionally installed on my 2004 MINI COOPER along with some H&R ; springs and Bilstein SP shocks . Now my car handles like its `` on rails '' , honest!Anyone with an R50 MINI needs these -- especially if its past 70k miles . `` Get that NEW CAR feeling back ! '' -LRB- well , actually BETTER than new-feel . haha
 This is reliable charger for the biggest jobs with a high booster to start large equipment yet small enough to charge your motorcycle !
 Five stars this is the best made bench charger very compact and powerful Very solid weighs about 34 lbs great
 This item was shipped sooner than expected . Love the look and weight of the plate . I shopped around and found that it was much cheaper than the dealership offered me . Only problem is that the screw covers and the screws did not fit my front plate on my Acura TL , so I would advise you to keep your factory one handy . Very classy and added the perfect touch to my car .
 I have ridden about 400 miles with this helmet so far and you ca n't beat it for the value!I love the way it fits and the wind noise is so much less than my other helmet .
 I 'm in the process of rebuilding a 1977 Pontiac 400 for a 1981 Trans Am and needed this exact 76-81 fuel pump incorporating both a 3/8 '' fuel line , 1/4 '' return line and fitting for hard line from pump to carburetor . This pump is a direct replacement for my application . Not only that but it includes a gasket and detailed instructions . The best part , this pump is made in the U.S.A.The product photo shows the metal canister portion having a black finish . Mine came with a yellow zinc or yellow cadmium finish . The casting portion looks similar to photo.The pump may be from old stock , but the pump itself appears to have been made very recently . If it is a NOS part , they 've done a great job storing it as it 's free of dust and corrosion .
 Really , how can you review an oil filter ? It came with a new gasket , thats a plus ! My oil seems to be being filtered pretty good . Last time I checked , it was still gold and not black . Fram rules !
 I have used Performance Friction pads on several of my vehicles , and every set i have used have been excelent . With these pads I have not seen any brake dust , with every vehicle it has proven extremely difficult to lock up the brakes , stopping distance was decreased . Finding them at a good price locally has become difficult , only one of the major auto parts chains by me has them and they are still 25 to 30 percent more than here .
 I put 2 bottles in my slipping e150 , 1999 ford van and now it runs great . Have to see how long it lasts.David s
 does what it says it will do ... recommended as a cure for a non mechanical tranny problem such as slight wear
 i used this for my truck Disco 2004 , i went to mechanic and he told my the the pressure i the transmission is weak and need an overhaul 2000 $ . i have changed the oil and filter , added a bottle of this fluid , and performance is retained in a week.it is not perfect as it should be , yet it is 80 % better that it was before
 Our '94 Astro was getting sluggish on shifting . Added one bottle of Lucas 2 years ago and it began shifting like new . Just turning 280k miles and still the original transmission with only routine maintenance , flushes & fluid changes . Oh , and we have pulled tent campers through 43 states with the van . GREAT PRODUCT !
 The transmission in my 2004 Sienna started slipping at 40K miles and just got worse every year . Lucas Transmission Fix eliminated all of the transmission slipping immediately when I added it at 140K miles .
 My 98 jetta was having problems shifting and getting stuck in certain gears . It is a know problem with the 01m transmission and it gets the fluid to hot and will need changing at least every 50K miles . The car I worked on had 101,000 and never been changed . I changed the fluid and replaced it with amsoil ATF and also a bottle of lucas . I reset the transmission by turning the car key to the on postion pressing the pedal all the way to the floor and holding it there for 5 secs . Then relese the pedal and turn the car back to off . I took the car out for a test drive and its shifting great now . If you would like to see a write up on how to change VW 01m transmission fluid here is link . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Have an abused 2003 impala 3.8 V6 -LRB- off-lease from the Texas heat with a hitch receiver and currently over 130k miles -RRB- that started hard shifting and/or severely slipping . Took it to a trans shop and it turned out to be a sticking/worn modulating valve in the transmission . Later at home I removed 48 ounces of fluid and replaced with two bottles of this Lucas treatment and the problem has yet to return and it has been a 2 months and 4,000 miles . After two months I changed the trans fluid and filter -LRB- adding another bottle of this treatment with the new spec Dexron-VI trans fluid -RRB- and all is still well other than some slight hard shifting in summer city traffic.March 2012 update : Over 3 years and at 170,000 miles and still no problems.Aug 2012 update : Changed the trans fluid and filter again with Dexron-VI and one bottle of this treatment which gave a slight reduction in the occasional hard shifting that happens in stop and go driving in hot weather .
 My 2002 Jeep has about 111k miles and it started the death slips . . Just giant jumps when I accelerate . I took it in and the repair shop charged me $ 100 to tell me that I would need a transmission rebuild . The price tag was about $ 2500 . I was n't ready to pay that so I started doing some research . I found Lucas and all I can say is it saved my wallet a huge blow.I replaced the transmission fluid and added this whole bottle right into the transmission fluid . My Jeep feels better than it did the day I bought it . Smooth shifting , even when I tried to make it slip.Even though it is n't a cure , it sure has fixed the symptoms and does everything it advertises . . I would recommend this to anyone with any car , at any point in it 's life .
 My daughter has a 1997 Ford Escort with automatic transmission . It was starting to hard shift frequently . We drained the old transmission fluid and added a bottle of lucas conditioner . It eliminated about 90 % of the hard shifting . Highly recommend
 Just thought I would share my experience with this product . I am happy with the results I received . I was once searching through the product reviews to see if this was something I might want to try . . I bought a 94 Saturn with high miles just as my commuter car . I drive 100 miles a day and when I would put my car in Reverse sometimes it would slam into gear after several seconds . The shifting was very noticable and annoying . I put in half a bottle before I drove the next day and it has never shifted like that ever since . I am happy ! Also it helped my car to shift smoother . . sometimes I dont even know it shifts anymore . . I found myself waiting for it to slam into gear the other day but after several seconds I realized it had already shifted into reverse and I didnt even feel it ! It has been over 2 months and I have not had a hard shift ... It was occuring daily before .
 I bought this at my local auto parts store and poured it in . I had just done a transmission flush about 4 days earlier and since then the transmission was slipping and I felt a loss of power . I can say that I immediately felt more power in my 1995 Buick Regal -LRB- 125,000 miles -RRB- after using this . Additionally it fixed my slipping . I have never used a transmission additive before , but I will use a bottle with every transmission flush I do from now on . The bottle said you should feel results immediately and I really did . I highly recommend this product .
 I brought my 2000 Mitsubishi Montero Sport , with automatic transmission , to an auto shop to get my transmission inspected because it was slipping . Well they told me they found metal shavings and burnt fluid in the tranny and that I needed to have it rebuilt . Of course they were going to charge $ 3700 . So I told them to put oil back in it because I did n't want them to rebuild it . Anyway , I came across Lucas Transmission Fix and poured 3/4 of the bottle in and now my car works GREAT !!! It now runs smooth and shifts great . No more slipping and it changes gears with easy . I am in total shock and relief .
 I have a JDM Mitsubishi Galant VR4 that the automatic transmission was giving trouble -LRB- hard shifting & mis-shifting & slipping -RRB- . About two years ago , the car was in an accident . Fast forward to July 2009 , I finally got the body repaired & started the car for the first time , the transmission would not even move the car ! I added Lucas 10009 Transmission Fix 24 oz . to the old transmission fluid & the transmission started working , not perfect but satisfactorily . My mechanic was amazed & so am I. I plan to flush the transmission & refill with premium ATF & add some more Lucas.I also used Lucas 10008 Power Steering Stop Leak 12 oz . on my leaking power steering system & that works great too.Lucas 10008 Power Steering Stop Leak 12 oz.Thanks Lucas ...
 Lucas is the S -- T ! I have a 99 Saturn SC9 -LRB- 215,000 miles -RRB- I drive it on my route , the side by the shifter is always hot from the Transmission . It says on the bottle good for heat dissapation too . Added 1 bottle when I changed fluid ... sure nuff , feels just a tad warm , and this after driving 8 hours.I have also used this in the past in my power steering , years ago in another car I had a bad bad leak , stop leak wouldnt work at all , reg fluid just went right out after a day . I was facing a major $ $ replacement job . A guy told me to add Lucas to it , being its a thick pastey like fluid , I did it aned it slowed the leak down to a week . very much drivable and saved me big $ $ too.The Lucas upper cylinder cleaner is great too ... it will actually improve your MPG when its in the car and cleans prob better than any other cleaners . I am a believer in Lucas products .
 I have a 1997 Pontiac Grand Prix GT that I 've owned since new and have always taken care of maintenance . In fact , I take such good care of it , strangers sometimes ask where I got my new paint job after it 's weekly wash even though the paint is original . The car has been so reliable and inexpensive to own throughout the years , I have n't been able to justify the cost of a new car . I 've changed the transmission fluid and filter every 30,000-40 ,000 miles . It now has 150,000 miles and this month before it was due for another filter and fluid change it began hard down shifting and slipping from first to second gear at wide open throttle.Thanks to the reviews here and on some automotive forums I decided to try Lucas Transmission Fix . First , dropping the pan and changing the filter only removes 8 quarts of fluid and the torque converter holds another 4 quarts that can only be removed with a complete flush . I heard from several people -LRB- including ASE certified mechanics -RRB- to not try this stuff or any additives because it will make things worse , it 's snake oil , and there is no instant fix in a bottle . They smirked and said I would be wasting my money . I figure oh well . . the car has 150,000 miles and I 'm probably going to sell it within a year so what do I have to lose other than around ten bucks if I can save the transmission?I changed the filter and transmission fluid by dropping the pan . The fluid still looked red in color and there were no metal shavings on the magnet . There was some dark fluid on the bottom of the pan so it was all cleaned , installed a new AC Delco oil pan gasket and filter , and refilled it with about 7 quarts of Dexron III transmission fluid and a full bottle of Lucas . Lucas additive is thick like syrup and bright red in color.The bottle claims the Lucas Transmission fix will restore old fluid so I was hoping it would help restore that 4 quarts that remained in the torque converter too . I took it for a test drive and drove around town SLOWLY for about 20 minutes so all the fluid would circulate through the transmission parts . I was surprised to immediately notice no hard down shifting and all gears seemed to shift like when the car was new . Now for the real test . Did it fix the slipping from first to second gear ? I set my sights to the highway next and started to merge on the ramp with the goal of getting ahead of approaching traffic . I pushed the peddle to the floor and to my surprise I was pushed back in my seat like the good old days and the car pulled ahead without hesitation with no slipping as I rocketed ahead of traffic . Keep in mind I 've been driving the car like an old man for a while now thinking the car might fall apart any day so you can imagine my surprise . I did n't want to stop driving and kept testing whether it would slip by flooring it every chance I had . It 's been a week and it has not slipped once and it 's literally driving like new again.Will this fix a neglected transmission ? I do n't know . Did this improve slipping and hard shifting symptoms on my well cared for 1997 Pontiac Grand Prix GT . ABSOLUTELY . I only wish I started using this product sooner with my very first transmission fluid and filter change . Next step . . take a few of those friends that doubted my new snake oil product and total waste of money for a test drive in the passenger seat and let them watch the smirk on my face as we reach the highway on ramp.Review Update on 10/05/2012 : Still shifting perfect with no slippage or hard shifting . I 'll try to remember to update in another 6 months .
 This stuff is the best . i have used it in several different trucks and the results have been great in every truck . it will make a trans with 150k miles feel alot tighter and shift much better .
 used many yimes in old trannies that had hi milage with some issues as i flip cars . . adding this always makes the tranny perform a ton better . . slipping was gone . . a good product
 I have a 10 year old car -LRB- with 235k miles -RRB- that was starting to hesitate , and looking up fixes on various forums , I came across this product . I drained the transmission fluid that was in the car , and put the entire bottle of Lucas 10009 Transmission fix fluid , and filled up the car with replacement transmission fluid . I have noticed an improvement , the transmission hesitates less now than it did . I would recommend this product to anyone who is trying to service their aging transmission without paying a fortune to a mechanic . It 's worth a shot.It should be noted that this fix is very thick , almost gel-like . I would recommend warming up the bottle before trying to pour it . It took 20 minutes for the entire bottle to go down the funnel . It 's that thick .
 2002 Acura MDX with 150K miles on it . Last week my wife reported slips and jerks and ultimately the check engine light came on . Went to a repair shop to find $ 3000 in transmission repairs . I took a chance by pouring 1.5 bottles of this stuff with a transmission fluid flush . So far it is smooth as a cake ! I would highly recommend it to anybody as soon as you start seeing initial transmission issues .
 My transmission was hard shifting going into 1st gear in my 2000 Chevy Impala . My engine light was on and it seemed like I was about to have to repair my transmission or worse buy a new one . I had doubts about using this stuff at first , but not 5 minutes after it was put in -LRB- while the car is idling -RRB- it was working fast . I turned the car off after applying the whole bottle and then back on , to my surprise the engine light was off and NO MORE hard shifts . The car is running better than it was new ! I will now always recommend this product to anyone who needs help .
 I drive a 2004 toyota sienna and recently the radiator started mixing the coolant and the transmission fluid internally . This was going on for about two weeks before I realized what was going on . The transmission fluid stank and looked like chocolate milk ! -LRB- So much for toyota quality -RRB- The tranny was slipping bad , very bad . It had issues going from 1st to 2nd gear and acted like it was very confused from 2nd to 3rd gear . I flushed the whole system out with about 4 gallons of new tranny fluid and the car felt better but the problem was still there . That is where this wonderful pixie dust additive came in and fixed the issues ! Do n't get me wrong , the problem is not fully fixed but compared to the pre-additive transmission this one feels like its a completely different one . The 1st to 2nd is much much smoother and the 2nd to 3rd shift no longer feels like you 're riding a bull at a rodeo ! For the money , you can not go wrong . One last thing , it says it on the bottle itself `` Will not fix broken parts '' or something along those lines ... so if your tranmission is kaput , do n't expect a miracle but do try this stuff.Tom
 Transmission slipping and/or leaking ? Bucking , lurching , kicking , etc. ? While that is a cause for concern , the good news is that you may not need a new -LRB- or overhauled -RRB- transmission . At least not yet , if you put Lucas Transmission Fix in with your next drain and filter change . This stuff is WAY better than the other brands of `` snake oil '' you find in the automotive store . I was able to get an extra year out of a declining 1991 Ford Taurus -LRB- which are known for having unusually fragile transmissions -RRB- with this stuff -- it really works wonders ! . A word of advice
 Recently my 2003 Explorer had been acting up symptoms included : - hard shifting - a sudden drop in RPMMy mechanic told me to buy Lucas Tranmission fix . To be honest I was skeptical at first from my experience additives are just wallet stealers . They advertise their product and give a magic fix . So I gave it a try and BAAMM ! . I test drove my Explorer and noticed a huge difference . My shifting was smooth and better since when I purchased it.Before you go and blow out a large sum of money on a new transmission give Lucas Transmission Fix a shot . !
 I have a Ford F-150XLT SuperCab 4x4 . For about 6 months the automatic transmission has had an awful `` shudder '' between shifts . I was just buying time before I had the transmission rebuilt . The vehicle has been stellar up until this point and has 185k miles . Great truck !! I have always heard you take a risk changing transmission fluid on older transmissions . The fluid in the system was not burnt and still had the proper color . I decided to take a chance and change the tranmission fluid and filter -LRB- I did not do a tranmission flush -RRB- . With new transmission fluid I added close to a full bottle of the Lucas tranmission fix . Almost immediately the difference was remarkable . The tranmission is like new again . For anyone with tranmission problems I would highly recommend trying this with a fluid change . There is easily another 100k + miles left on this vehicle as the engine is still very strong !!
 My car started hard shifting in and out of 2nd and when I would come to a stop it would hang . I was ready to get a new car . I put half the bottle in . I had a few very strange very hard shifts at first but now it is as smooth as butter . Smooth shifts , no problems . Try it , I am sure if your transmission is to worn this may not work , but worth a try .
 Its a miracle wonder for vehicles . My transmission works so much better thanks to this product . Will recommend to anyone with transmission worries .
 I purchased this product , after it was recommended to me . I used it in my 99 ford escort , after I had the fluid , filter and a flush done two times . The product worked immediately . Every shift is silky smooth and quick now . I also used this in my mothers new , 2010 ford fusion 4cyl . It had an issue with shifting too slow and kicking into certain gears . Now it shifts fast and smooth . No more kicks . I 'd recommend this to anyone .
 The Good : + It significantly improves trans problem in both hot & cold weather + Less time to warm up car required -LRB- only 30 seconds , use to be 10 mins -RRB- + Much cheaper than getting a real fixThe Bad : + Not `` fixed '' - about 80 % better , occasionally car does n't have much power + If I turn my steering wheel 100 % to left/right before I move car , then the car does n't have any power . This is probably a car quirk - bust just FYI.My Situation : + 97 Mercury w/slipping transmission & Hole in muffler + In cold it gets worse & I 'd like this car to last through 1 more winter + Added ~ 1/3 of a bottle & significantly improved performance ***** UPDATE 8/27/2011 ***** This fluid helped , but ultimately my car 's transmission failed ~ 3 months after use . As time progressed , this fluid helped less and less . I expected this & I am happy with my purchase .
 I rebuild transmissions as a hobby . Generally do 2-3 a year . Anything from a 3 speed turbo 350 to a 4L60E . I have what I feel are two success stories with this stuff . I always send them out with a bottle of this stuff . The first one was an AOD that i did that wasnt wanting to go to low gear at a stop . This resulted in second gear starts and also it just generally hung in a higher gear longer than it should and shifted high . This all traced back to a governer circuit problem . The guy drove it a couple weeks and it got neither better nor worse . We tried a bottle of this and within a couple more weeks it slowly straightened out and has been fine since . Its been on the road for 6 years now.The second story probably wont sound realistic but i will swear on a bible of how it happened and you can be the judge of if its the lucas or just a freak of nature . Did a TH400 for a farmer that had a spliced cooler line . He called me and said it wouldnt move . I met him at his work and could see a distinct oil trail leading down the driveway and about a half a block then it stopped . Upon inspection the cooler line had been spliced and had came apart and had pumped every drop of oil out of the pan it could suck . The crazy part is from where the oil trail stopped to where he stopped was about 5 miles . Its not that crazy that it made it but what is crazy is that i put fluid in it , spliced the line and its been on the road another 4 years and is still feeding hay in the mud like it always has.Basically Im not saying its magic in a bottle and if ur trans is on its way out it may or may not help . But if you have a healthy trans , and wan na keep it , I dont think it hurts a thing .
 I was given a decent Dodge van conversion because the tranny was out . I looked into replacing the tranny and found a used one for $ 300 . That would have still been alot of work . Like someone else here , I happened to be watching TV on a Sunday morning and saw an ad for this Lucus Transmission fix and thought it to be worth a try . I wasnt going to keep the van anyway . I followed the directions and put the thick stuff in . When I got in and put it in gear , I felt it grab and then start to move . Since I knew the tranny was full , I was hesitant about adding anymore , so I cracked open the pan and let some fluid out . Luckily the gasket didnt stick . I then added a second bottle . This time when I put it in gear , it immediately went into gear ! I backed it out of the driveway and down the road I went ! This tranny was completely dead before , no movement whatsoever and now it drives right on down the road . I put the van on CL and sold it for $ 1800 ! Thanks Lucus Oil Company ! - Today my sister called me about here 2000 Isuzu Rodeo asking what I used . I will keep this audience posted with the results of her use of Lucus Transmission Fix ...
 WOW ! I can not tell you how happy I am I took a $ 10 risk before spending $ 700 on my transmission . It took a while to funnel in but after about 15 minutes of idle time my 2005 subaru outback was good to go ! No more slipping it made a remarkable difference and now my car is back to running smooth . I thought this might be some snake oil scam but I was way off .
 I have been having trouble my transmission for the last six months . It will slip out of third gear and prevent me from going on the freeway . I own a 1998 Ford expedition , with over 120,000 miles on it . So I go to the transmission shop , and they tell me they could fix it for $ 2500 . Why did nearly buy a new truck for that price , so I happened to be watching TV on one Saturday morning looking at one of those truck shows , when I heard an ad for Lucas oil transmission fix , since I had nothing to lose , I decided to try it . I ported my transmission , this stuff is as thick as molasses , it also says on the bottle that most results are instant . $ 15 later , I out into my transmission . I then head to the freeway , Thomas as I had no problem doing freeway speeds.So , I highly recommend this product . It 's like a `` wonder drug for your transmission ''
 Transmission was leaking and became damaged before I found out the fluid was low . Lucas transmission fix solved the leak and * helped * restore normal shifting -LRB- about 50 % better -RRB- . One caveat though
 this product is doing what it says is doing ! i have a pretty messed up transmission on my Accord 99 , and this fluid did helped me somewhat , it took me 2 full bottle and now is much smoother shifting , i guess for some cases it takes a lot more that they recommend it . Evantuly i ll have to rebuild it but i could use another 50k like this or even more ...
 Thick and slow to pour in the transmission small diameter fill tube.But improved shifting characteristics immediately . I have put about three hundred miles on it and shifting is perfect . No more hesitant shifting from gear to gear or lugging or clunking when down shifting to first gear . And Fast Shipping by Amazon Prime was great !
 If you have an engine that is making less than 500HP , and you prefer a mechanical pump , then this will work well for you . I recommend at least a 3/8 '' fuel line from the tank to the pump for best efficiency .
 Great price , great fit , good quality , very pleased with the seat cover , more quality than expected and fit just right .
 Please ignore the other review , which has to do with a shipping failure , and not a review on the actual product.Here in California , running 91 octane premium Chevron gas , at wide open throttle in 4th gear I would see 1.0-3 .0 knock . This is actually considered normal , however I wanted to see if this product would work , so I picked up a bottle of Lucas Octane Booster and put it in my tank.My knock went to 0 in 4th gear . In 3rd I still get some knock -LRB- about 1.0 -RRB- on hard runs , otherwise , it definitely does appear to help . Stock srt-4 boosting to about 11-12psi to redline .
 First off , this product is fantastic . It will make your car feel stronger especially in torque in low rpm 's . The best and only true octane booster on the market is Torco Accelerator its about 21 $ on amazon and this will truly just boost your octane significantly . Now how can I say that this product is fantastic , being a long time gearhead and using about a case a month , when I am also saying that there is a better product out there ? Its because this product does n't just boost your octane a little . This product uses a chemical called MMT which will not make your octane nearly as high as high as the feel of it in your engine would seem to lead you to believe . This is because MMT makes your fuel denser and burn slightly longer giving you additional torque than simply higher octane could n't achieve . This process also can have the unfortunate result of contributing to gunk build up in the injectors and valves , especially if used in excess of .8 oz per gallon . Now I regularly monitor my gunk build up and use lucas 10023 additive when im not using this and I accumulate no more gunk than you would running pump 91oct all the time . Hope I helped you make a good decision :-RRB- .
 I use it in a 2005 Ford Mustang GT that has 93 octane performance tunes . Just using premium fuel is not enough , on hard acceleration I use to have spark knocking and I tried several other octane boosters that are on the market which none worked . I found the Lucas Octane Boost and after using one bottle and no more spark knock , I am hooked and it works great .
 I have a highly modified , high compression HD , that still manages to ping at high RPM 's with 93 octane . After 1/3 of a bottle in 5 gals , it seems to be running quite a bit quieter . I still may need to retard the timing , but this octane boost definitely helped .
 I have used this brand of Octane and so far so good . Lucas has delivered again with a great product , I have used several brands of Octane booster and this one has by far been the best one I have used however it is pricier than most common brands .
 i just received this today and have already used it . this stuff works GREAT ! the best cleaner i 've used so far . and it cleans everything ! i bought it because of the good reviews and i 'm very happy i did .
 My husband brought home a bottle of Spray Nine for me to try . This cleaner is AMAZING ! First off , it kills any scary germ that may be lurking . Second , it takes stains out of anything ! My son left a blue crayon in his pocket that I unknowingly washed and dried . I sprayed Spray Nine on the stains on the clothing and in the dryer . Everything came out . I also cleaned my white baseboards , they are sparkling now ! I highly recommend this cleaner to everyone . I just ordered 2 gallons last week and received them this morning . I 'm going to clean my house top to bottom now !
 I thank you for getting your product to my father in a timely manner . He really loves the stuff and can not get it where he lives .
 What a wonderful product ! Wish I had it a couple of weeks ago when I needed a cleaner to take lawnmower tiremarks off my vinyl fence . I used Spray Nine to clean dried deck stain from the vinyl siding on my house . With a little elbow grease on the thick spots and using a stainless steel scour pad it made short work of an otherwise impossible job . I kept looking for more jobs and sure enough there was not a shortage of them . Ca n't wait to try it on my boat .
 this product is amazing ! I have two boys and this stuff takes care of anything they do . the floor mats in my car still look awesome after two weeks using spray 9
 used it to clean the outside of my gutters . Wow , took no time at all .
 This product does exactly what it say on the label ... . it 's easy to use and a great product ...
 This was my first time buying this product . I purchased it based on the reviews I had read . It does what it say it would do . I was surprised on how well it got things cleaned .
 I bought this to take grease spots off my husband work cloths.I have not had a chance to try it for that , but I had a sponge that was covered white towel cloth , where I was cleaning bottom and rollers of chairs.sponge was black as grease , then I cleaned at sink cleaned really good almost white again.would cleand better washer .
 I discovered Spray Nine in the Midwest working in a strange warehouse where life made little sense to me . In the process of this transitional period of time ... I have one amazing and salient beacon of reason shining as a lamp to forever mark this time as having a purpose . The discovery of Spray nine . You have to try it to believe it ... anything , and I mean any stain that nothing can take out ... a little warm water and Spray Nine . . and its gone . Nothing , dry cleaning fluid , Simple Green , Spray and Wash. . nothing comes close to this . I have resotred cars and have used it on cleaning everything ... I wish someone would stock it here in CA ... but all I can say is you have to see to believe . It works beyond belief ... seriously .
 The best cleaner you can buy . It works like pure acid . So ALWAYS wear gloves and maybe a mask if your not in a well ventilated area . Its STRONG . You spray it on anything and it will take little elbow grease to get it clean . I personally use it to clean my Wheels on my car . IT works great . JUST REMEMBER TO WEAR GLOVES AS IT IS SUPER CORROSIVE . Your pretty much using Drano to clean .
 Spray Nine has been a staple in my home for over a decade now . I use it for tougher jobs but you can use Spray Nine for many cleaning uses , too.Spray Nine correctly advertises that it works wonders when cleaning hard surfaces from grease , grime and what they call `` other stubborn soils . '' It can be sprayed onto countertops , vinyl , formica , glazed porcelain and even rubber!The instructions also claim that Spray Nine will work to clean stainless steel ; but to clean stainless steel I would encourage you to find a different special cleanser that works specifically on stainless steel . I would not use Spray Nine on stainless steel -- just in case . In addition , I would not use Spray Nine on granite countertops . It 's way too strong for them ! Use whatever you were told to use to clean granite countertops.Of course , using Spray Nine is a snap . Just spray some onto whatever surface you need to clean -- and wipe it off with a clean , damp cloth . If you are cleaning mold and mildew , let Spray Nine sit for about three minutes before you wipe it off.A wonderful feature of Spray Nine is its ability to kill off germs -- hooray ! It bumps off salmonella and it helps fight other viruses including Influenza type A2 and a few others . Read the label carefully and always ask a physician before using if you have any concerns and questions.Have further questions still ? Not to worry ! Spray Nine offers its customers both a website and a toll free number for questions . If you have ANY questions about how to use this rather powerful cleanser , contact the manufacturer before using if the bottle instructions or this review leaves you still with questions.Overall , Spray Nine certainly saves the day when used as a tough cleanser for some of the nastier stains and grime in a household . I highly recommend this product for use as a great cleanser .
 A neighbor of mine heard me complaining about the dirt embedded in a couple of old wooden stools I was going to throw away . He promptly ran back to his house and brought me some ` cleaner '' fluid that he absolutely swore by . I used it . The stuff melted the dirt right off the stools and they looked NEW again , and they were n't even new when I got them . So I decided to try it on other household items , big and small . Fridge , stove , microwave , counters , baseboards , sinks , cabinets , toilet , even walls . I 'm disabled and can not apply much pressure to much of anything so I 've got some build-up around the house that I have been dying to get clean but could n't due to my physical limitations . Anyway , so now I 'm hooked right ? But I 'm running out of the bottle neighbor guy gave me . I go out and buy the brand name on the bottle . Once . . twice ... THREE times ... and it does not work like the one in the first bottle . Even my Mom bought some based on my word . Hers did n't work so well either . I was at a loss . What to do ? What to DO ??? I know ! I know ! ... I call my neighbor and say `` Hey , Neighbor , you know that bottle of -LRB- insert other product name here , any name will do -RRB- that you gave me ? What exactly was IN that bottle ??? '' Well , long story short , he told me it was Spray Nine Multi-Purpose Cleaner & Disinfectant . We went online together to make sure that I did n't get some off brand with a name similar to Spray Nine . I went right out and bought a gallon of the stuff and now I am happy again . Of course I will share it with my Mom . I am now able to get rid of a bunch of bottles of all those other cleaners that promise to do so much and smell good too because this beats them all . It even cleaned off old duct tape glue from a mirror . It had been on the mirror for about two years and had hardened but I loved the mirror so much I could n't bear to throw it away . Now I 'm glad I did n't because it now sparkles like I just brought it home . Of course on shiny items like mirrors you have to clean off the residue afterward , but it 's so well worth it . Hope anyone reading this trusts my word because I know you will not ever regret buying this product .
 After cleaning my white gutters thoroughly a couple of weeks ago , I noticed there were tons of black streaks left on the gutters from acid which I 'm assuming came from my black shingled roof . I tried almost everything possible to remove those ugly little streaks with no luck . I researched the internet and found great reviews about this product ... decided to order a couple of 32 oz bottles of SPRAY NINE and it REALLY , REALLY WORKS !!!! I ca n't wait to see what else I can tackle inside my home with this magic stuff ! By the way , I used very little elbow grease -LRB- if any -RRB- to remove the black streaks . Works like a charm !!! I highly recommend to anyone who is having the same problem . SPRAY NINE is my new friend . : -RRB-
 I bought this after it was recommended by a roofer as a good cleaner for my stained gutters , and it worked like magic . The gutters are like new . I would highly recommended it .
 I was skeptical , but in the interest of acting like I was working on a solution , I bought this tiny bottle of Spray Nine to try and remove some deck stain that had gotten spritzed on my siding -LRB- not a euphemism , sorry . -RRB- The wife was not happy , and rightly so . It 's not a simple wipe-down to get that stuff off . On an obscure blog , I found someone suggesting this stuff . It seemed like a cheap way to appear to be addressing the issue . Would n't you know it ? It shipped super fast and it worked like a charm . Not only , did I fix the issue , I did it quickly as well . I should be careful . I do n't want to build a reputation for doing things fast and well .
 My only experience with Spray Nine is as an all purpose nuclear grade decontamination cleaner . If you have invisible radioactive plutonium laying around your kitchen , fret no more , Spray Nine is here . It is used because it is effective , but mostly because the chemicals in it are gentle on metals and other surfaces . I see it used weekly on stainless steel surfaces . As long as the nuclear industry is willing to pay $ 10.00 a bottle for this stuff , I doubt if the price will come down.The spray has a nice clean scent to it . The problem with that is when I get it on my hands/skin I am not concerned and do n't rinse it off as the directions say you should do . In the home I use cleaners I get from Dollar Tree . Ammonia and chlorine cleaners are just as effective , and cheaper . The downfall is that I have to be careful where I use these bad chemicals , making sure I have ventilation and a surface that wo n't be harmed by them.This is an excellent cleaner for most surfaces . I can see nursing homes and hospitals using this cleaner to avoid the more harmful chemicals . I do n't have their money . A five star cleaner who cost effectiveness I question as a home product . If you have the money , by all means . While your at it , pick up a pack of Masslinn too as you prepare for a nuclear apocalypse .
 I used this product to removed dried on deck stain from my vinyl siding and removed dried paint from a sink faucet that 409 did n't begin to touch . Spray Nine did n't damage either of the surfaces -LRB- I did wash them off with water shortly after cleaning -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product . One negative is that it did leak a bit during shipping .
 Spray Nine is great for cleaning everything from downspouts on the house to outdoor furniture and anything inside the house . It is difficult to find in most stores . I have no idea why but it is easier to order on line rather than driving around looking for it in stores . Marine stores tend to carry it more than other types of stores however . Great product for cleaning boats also .
 High praises , cleaned garage floor of oil stains , driveway , and boat motor , ca n't wait to use on ohter parts of house and motors .
 Great all purpose cleaning product , really cleans no fake advertising about SPRAY NINE . Cleans diamonds wonderfully . I will order 2 bottles again .
 About 20 years ago I discovered that Spray Nine not only cleans mold , mildew and dirt from the outside plastic and marine items , but that it absolutely cleans interior white painted woodwork throughout the house and makes it look like new . I use it faithfully to clean my window trim , interior -LRB- plastic or wood -RRB- , baseboards and interior doors twice a year and believe I 've avoided re-painting numerous times . Spray Nine is the best all-around cleaning product I 've ever used .
 This spray is really amazing . It can wipe out anything , from small stains , to large ones . I 'd definitely buy it again . Just make sure you do n't use it in a closed place because it has a strong odor !
 Spray Nine out cleans absolutely any other cleaning product , bar none . After I used it for the first time I felt that I 'd spent a lifetime getting ripped off by all those other products . It 's very , very strong , so check your painted surfaces before use !
 I have white aluminum window trim and had nearly given up on ever getting it looking decent . This did a great job . I am very pleased . I highly recommend this product .
 Item was delivered when expected . Used it to clean my white vinyl seats on my 8 year old boat . Sprayed it on a magic erasure and it took the muck right off the seats - they look nearly new .
 Spray 9 will clean ANYTHING !!! I love this stuff and wish I could buy it locally . I used to be able to buy it at gas stations on the east coast but can not find it anywhere in the midwest . I was excited to find it on Amazon . It is worth it 's weight in gold and even if it seems sa bit expensive it last a long time because it takes so little to REALLY CLEAN about anything you need to clean . It melts away greasy soot with just a spray ... no need for much elbow grease here ... great stuff . I heartily recommend !
 I used this product for several years now . Believe me , it does what it says it does . I learned about this product while working in the manufacturing/Bottling industry . I now use it for everything in and around my home.Just spray it on the surface wait about 20 seconds and wipe it off . You will be happy you purchased it . It may be a little more expensive than other cleaners but with this product you wo n't be going back to the store because it did n't work . Try it and you will understand . Enjoy ! , Mark
 This stuff works ! I recently bought a boat and wanted to clean the vinyl seats up . I bought some cleaner from West Marine and it did nothing ... and then a friend of mine recommended this stuff and boy did it work ! Best $ 8 I 've spent on Sorry We Party -LRB- our boat -RRB- so far !
 My maintenance guy from my building recommended this since they used it on the job . This stuff cuts grease like nobody 's business . Great on all surfaces and I had not heard of this before , but it is awesome in the kitchen .
 We used this ALOT when our daughter was first born for any poop that would get onto her clothes . Especially when she had a blowout , it works great . We simply run the article of clothing under some cold water to rinse it out , and then spray some Spray Nine on it and give it a quick scrub , rinse it out , and the stain was gone . We always gave it another quick spray and let it set on there before we threw it into the wash , but that was just an extra precaution . I know without a doubt , when we go back and get out the clothes for our next child , that they will be stain free . . All thanks to spray nine . Get some , try it . . It works !
 This cleaner is terriffic . Bought it to use on my RV but use it on bathtub , sinks and anything else around the house .
 Love the Spray Nine cleaner . I use this on everything . Spray on clothes that have stains before washing them and they will come out . We have used this on car mats that have grease marks , and the marks are gone . Recommend to anyone that is interested in this product .
 I used this for some of the insides of old vintage ludwig drums that have paint inside of them . It looks brand new now !
 If the strong antiseptic smell is any indication , this stuff kills all living organisms . It gives me a level of confidence that I 'm really knocking out every pathogen in the place . It will be interesting to see how well it disinfects the house should anyone here get sick this winter , but I expect it will be effective .
 Will clean and disinfect ANYTHING . We live in an area where we are prone to black mold so I use this on a weekly basis ! It kills everything ! Love the fast shipping and absolutely LOVE the price . A local bike shop sells this size bottle for 25 dollar ! The owner would n't tell my boyfriend where he bought it so we came to Amazon , we could n't be happier !! : -RRB-
 This is an excellent product . I have been using it for years mainly on my whitewall tires . My only complaint is that when the box arrived , one of the bottles was open and leaking .
 Spray Nine has been around a long time and I had almost forgotten it was available becuz so few stores carry it in my area . It worked well on a tin roof that had tree stains on it and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I have been using Fram filters for years and never a problem . Now that some are made in China does n't bother me as it is the parent company that determines the quality . I always keep one on hand and replace myself .
 I 've tried many different filters over the years and this is by far my favorite . The textured rubber grip on the end makes it so easy to put on and twist off . I 've tried all kinds of filter wrenches , straps , and random tools over the years , but nothing has worked as well as the ToughGuard 's grip . And this filter is rated high on most filter comparison sites .
 I purchased this item to cover my 1989 Buick , which I do not drive much in the winter . I am very pleased with this cover . The only flaw was the hole for the antenna was not in the correct location .
 Love this product , I had never changed a strut on a front wheel drive car before , and this one took me all of ten minutes to do . It just goes into place , you put the 5 bolts of nuts back , and you are done . It was a amazing
 I needed a new EGR VSV for my 97 camry and this one is the only one that actually works . I got the dorman one that as 30 $ cheaper and it did n't keep the CEL off . I returned it and put this on instead and have n't had a problem since . Do n't try to save the extra money by getting the cheaper one . It wo n't work for more than a week
 This fixed my check engine problem on my 95 Toyota Camry . It was tough to get into the crevasse to replace , but it worked !
 It is hard to find an accurate description of this regulator , but it does exactly what it should . It is a bypass fuel pressure regulator . Install it anywhere between the pump and the carb/injectors/injector pump and it will send any excess fuel back to the tank . It can be used with gas or diesel.Good Product , bad descriptions .
 Heavy casting and mounting bracket will withstand use on my bucket truck . Easy to adjust pressure going to carburetor . Large ports for heavy volume loads .
 I bought this regulator to use on my V8 S10 project . It works great for what it is . IMO , its not a top price regulator , but more of a budget priced unit that works well within its limitations . I would recommend it for a medium HP fuel system , say 400 HP or so . Anything above that and I would recommend going with a higher performance -LRB- read more expensive -RRB- regulator .
 I rchased this Holly Return style Fuel Pressure Regulator for my 84 corvette thats been converted to efi to carb . I paid $ 60.09 from Amazon . it is perfect
 The universal fuel pump was as described . The only dfference with this pump as compared to the stock pump that came with the fuel-injection setup that I got from Holley was the wire connector.The original was a part of the harness that `` snapped '' into the pump . When replacing with this pump , I did have to removed the old plug from the harness and install the supplied connectors.Other than that , it 's a perfect replacement .
 I had searched the net for an hour or so when I decided to go to Amazon . I found it there . I would urge others to go to amazon first to save time and money .
 So far so good !! I installed this unit last week in a custom configuration in my Grand Cherokee . I 'm using it in place of the stock in-tank fuel pump and mounted this one under the frame rail along with a Fram HPG1 filter assembly . It puts out about 90psi dead headed and has no problems supplying my 4.0 L straight 6 with 38psi . I 've put about 500 miles on it so far with no issues.NOTE
 Fast service / shipping on the pump . We used it to replace an OEM unit on one of our cranes . Our system used a regulator and with that we were able to dial in the correct pressure to make the engine run well .
 I bought this around March 2012 ... I used it on my 2002 Harley Sportster in an empty oil bag ... this meant I completely drained my used oil ... then poured the entire CD-2 into my oil bag.Then I filled up with proper oil proper amount ... and now I do n't have a silly leak under my bike anymore.Oh I should say I was leaking some where under my bike about 4 to 6 drops per day ... and my co-working-building would complain about me dripping oil everywhere.Now I do n't drip at all . So I figure this stuff works . I recommend it to those who want to stop their leaks : P
 Well I purchase this hoping it would fix my oil leak on my pontoon since it is really hard to see where its leaking from . . Wishful thinking ... . But I ca n't really blame the product since im not sure where its leaking from .
 We orignially bought this for our boat to keep a charge on the battery while on the lake . Then one day in the dead of winter , I came out of the mall and my battery was flat dead . I found the charger in my trunk and just laid it on the dash and plugged it into the lighter . I went back into the mall and had some coffee and when I came back the car fired right up ! We now keep one in all our cars !
 this worked well and charged up a little inverter in a day with no household egocentricity so cool and awsome grate for charging your outdoor power station too
 K&N filters are always worth the investment as they are less expensive than OEM filters , better made and can be cleaned and reused .
 I was very pleased that this product worked , and fit perfectly ! I like how there was an extra check to make sure the product fit !
 Great product and works well its worth a cost . I do n't like `` Plastic '' Waterways-Chrome Finish.Nice to see Made in USA !
 Fits nicley in trunk oe SUV back end
 Best price I could find anywhere on O E M style . Fit and connected correctly and worked just like O E M.
 I did hours of research for this specfic single folding -LRB- 1000lbs -RRB- aluminum loading ramp and let me tell you , it was worth every moment spent . Not ONLY was it the best price ever quoted , it stands-up to my expectation . It 's durable , easy storage because it folds in half and it holds alot of weight.I just love it so much . The best thing I 've ever purchased . I recommend it for everyone .
 This letter set was perfect for putting the name on our boat . We put the name on both sides so needed enough letters to do it twice . The letters were very easy to peal off the backing , attached securely , and look great against the white background of the boat .
 Just what I needed after moving to another state to get the jet skiis ready for summer and at a great price !!!
 Ordered it up and put them on my Polaris SLT 750 and it looks great ! The letters and numbers were easy to use and really worked well for my color machine !
 Shipping was fast and the bag is a nice , thick leather , not thin and cheap lie some .
 I thought this bag was really a good purchase . It was not a good fit for my motorcycle but I am going to use it elsewhere . My Motorcycle has a low headlight and the forks are short . I would like to let you know that if straps were provided to hook onto a cross bar would be more convenient it would have fit better . Overall I liked the make of the bag and the quality of construction .
 This bag is just as described , high quality leather and it looks good . I mounted mine directly to my windshield and it it easy to access while riding .
 Great price on these filters . Not a big savings when compared to Wally World prices but does save a little and you do n't have to deal w / the crowd .
 I used to be able to get these locally for a similar price . Not anymore . Thank you Amazon for a good deal . The packaging claimed the filters were `` Sure Guard '' , but they were not -LRB- The black texture to allow you to easily spin it on/off -RRB- . Did n't matter , as I use a filter wrench anyway .
 Follow up to original review . I have now had this cover for 1.5 years . Cover still stretches when driven and then tightens back up just like new each time it sits for a while -LRB- faster when warm -RRB- . Not much water ever gets underneath , even at the automatic carwash . Never any damage to paint on tailgate - eventually loosened up a bit when closing the tailgate . All in all , I really have grown to appreciate this cover . It is EXTREMELY functional and I 'm really glad that I have it . I would now give it a 5-star rating . Price sure seems to have gone up a lot !!
 I 'm a 70 year old gal who had no problems installing the cover in a very short time . It looks good and rides well . Opening the cover is easy . Have been in several bad storms and there was no leakage . It helped a bit on gas mileage , too . Have recommended it to several people .
 This item is great for the handy man . It allows you to keep items in the bed of the truck dry and relatively secure . With tool boxes it poses a challange for thieves . with this item no one sees whats in the bed ! Out of site out of mind . It also allows you to get to items in the front of the bed without climbing in , because of the tri fold design .
 Great product . Recommended by a co-worker for this type of cover . Easy to install -- some modification due to bed liner , but went on easy , looks good , and is user-friendly . I would recommend this product to anyone . This is a verified purchase from Amazon.com , a great place to shop .
 The cover fits exactly for the truck . The installation is easy . The one thing I did have to was to cut holes in the bed liner to allow the clamps to work on the rail . I am happy with it and it came fast from amazon . The cost was $ 150 less than a dealer in the area . Also like the fact it was made in the USA .
 I installed these mats about a year and a half ago in my '99 Tacoma . They are an excellent product
 I got these floor mats to go in my '95 Toyota Tacoma to protect the original carpet from mud , dirt , and snow . While older , the truck is in great shape and just because it is now doubling as a job-site truck as well as daily driver , I do n't want it to get trashed . Bottom line
 I installed this plug in my 2003 Subaru Outback H6 at 102,000 miles . I purchased the car at 89,000 with very few records , but I 'm pretty sure the original platinum plugs were unchanged judging from the wear on the electrode and the cleanliness of the red plug boots when they came out -LRB- I got dirt and grease on them during install and had to wipe them several times -RRB- . I immediately noticed significant power increases -LRB- compared to the overused platinums -RRB- and am enjoying driving my Subaru very much now . One thing to note ; these are not the correct plugs for a 2003 H6 . They are gapped for the 2005 and up at 0.030 inch . My car calls for 0.039 to 0.043 and NGK recommends a maximum gap correction of 0.008 because of the ground electrode becoming misaligned . The 0.030 gap however was somewhat pinched and when I gapped them out to 0.038 + / - 0.001 the ground actually lined up better and directly over the center of the tip . So far , I am very pleased with my selection and would recommend them to any Subaru H6 owner .
 I 'm not a professional mechanic or anything , but I recently installed these for the first time on my STi and about 3 1/2 hours later my engine was rumbling in excellent condition . No check engine light , no problems when idle or when driving in low or full throttle . Overall , I am satisfied with my work and the product . The shipping was quick -LRB- the product arrived in 2 days -RRB- and they arrived in great condition , no damage was done the spark plugs throughout the delivery .
 Good product , Excellent shipping ! I have use this spark plugs for my Subaru Legacy Spec.b 2005 2.0 Turbo -LRB- Japan -RRB- for first time and really like it .
 The plugs are good the savings is Great thats About all you can about this transactionis that it was fast and it saved Money !!!!!!!!!
 Lund has made it very difficult to ascertain the correct cover model for certain vehicles and Amazon is stuck giving out bad information . There are three models of the Lund tonneau cover made for Ford Rangers
 It really is a breeze to put on/take off . There is a danger the clamps could rip the cloth if handled carelessly , but otherwise very well designed . It is a little more bowed than the pictures show .
 All the reviews on the tri-cover were quite good . They all operate pretty much the same way . The only difference I found between models was the open/close latch near the tailgate . The Lund is fairly straight forward and works well . The only minor issue I had was were Lunds frame rests on the front side of the cab -LRB- behind rear window -RRB- . There was a small gap on my Ford Ranger cab because the Lund frame rests on the ` over the cab ' plastic moldings . Lund does include additional tape to attach to the frame , but it still does not close the gap completely . Having said all that . . there was n't any real noticable leakeage inside the cab . Overall . . I 'm very pleased with the cover .
 After some research I decided on a soft tri-fold -LRB- this is a personal decision based on my specific needs -RRB- . This was less than most of the others brand and has a lifetime frame and soft cover warranty . I installed this cover in minutes without even looking at the directions . It installed without any need to modify the factory bed liner . It provides cover of the bed -LRB- which gives me travel storage without worry of items blowing out -RRB- and made a significant difference in the truck 's aerodynamics -LRB- the truck rides smoother with less wind sway -RRB- . I am checking on the gas mileage but expect at least five percent and maybe ten . Item shipped from Arizona -LRB- to California -RRB- and was delivered in one day with free shipping . I am impressed with the ease of installation and the quality of this tonneau cover . Other reviews stated problems with clamps potentially damaging cover when folding cover ... clamps lock out of harms way ... wonder if the other reviewer noticed that . Fits the Ford Ranger -LRB- flareside -RRB- perfectly ... this is the right cover at the right price . I would purchase again . Highly recommend this cover .
 I used this to put a new stereo in my 1991 Mercury Capri . It plugged right in to the original harness . I just had o splice it into the harness that came with the Stereo . Very happy .
 It fits in my '94 Ford F150 just fine , and it has plenty of extra wire if you need it .
 On a 1993 Ford F-150 with non-premium stock sound system.Installing an inexpensive new Sony stereo.Connectors fit the Ford sockets perfectly.Colors match the Sony harness.I used 18-22 gauge crimp connectors.Worked right away . No worries .
 well is just hou look like som of the arnes cables not come but my sterio is workin just fine.i choos this reting becaus my product came on time not have to contact the celler and i got the product in perfect conditions on the estimate date.well what is no like me is the not ol cables com in the arnes but it ok acan fix that that the onli ting then i dislike.i recomended this product for ol the people who have the original arnes cut u can fixie whit product fits just fine .
 these helped make the install allmost to easy . They were of great help just plug and play . Simpil instrunctions , easy to follow .
 wires were exactly as expected good quality and easy to install could n't ask for better cheaper than purchasing locally in san antonio tx
 Very good product , You have to install this when you change your speakers . This is the easy way to keep your stock wiring of your car , nothing to cut.Thank you Amazone !
 The Metra Installation Multi-kit worked perfectly with both the head unit I bought and installation in my car . My recommendation for the product is A + and for service of both speed in delivery and supplying the right product for my car -- another A + .
 for the money this is an excellent wiring harnessThe color-coded wires matched up perfectly with my radio and factory harness -LRB- 1996 Ford Ranger -RRB- and the connections feel solid .
 It shipped fast and in perfect shape . Exactly what i needed for my car stereo harness . Above all else it works perfectly and is way cheaper than going to the local store .
 metra is great quality color matches the harness of your aftermarket unit for plug and play use i rec-amend these to everyone .
 This wiring harness was purchased to enable replacement of the original stereo on my 1997 F150 XLT . It fits perfectly and works great . this enables you to replace the stereo without cutting the factory wiring .
 It took several attempts , but I was finally able to get this to fit for a 2001 Ford Focus . Although one of the adapters had a different number of pins than the cable I was trying to plug into it , it did seem like it fit as it was supposed to . Also , I did n't see any other products that seemed like they 'd be a better fit . This one did the trick .
 Used to hookup aftermarket head unit to a 1997 Ford Ranger standard pickup with non-premium factory stereo . A perfect fit . Soldered the wires of this kit to the wires of the head unit pigtail with ease as the colors were the same , then pluged and played . Great product at a great price . Best Buy wanted four times as much for a kit .
 Replaced the radio on my 2002 ford focus with these babies and was overjoyed when it actually worked ! Worth the buy
 This is exactly what I needed for my 94 thunderbird lx . It clicked in with no problem and all the wires were labeled correctly ! 10 min after receiving I had a new stereo in my car installed !
 Love these products , they are inexpensive and VERY wise to use these , makes life really easy , can sit down and solder together in comfort then plug in to your vehicle when done , I prefer metra above others , just my personal preference .
 This item worked perfectly . It is well worth the cost . It will save you time and effort . Have a nice day .
 This connector was perfect for my 1993 Ford Ranger to help me connect the existing wiring connector to the wiring connector that came with a new radio .
 Took a risk in buying these to save me some time , but thought I would still have to identify the wires -LRB- i.e. battery , negative , RF + , RF - , etc. -RRB- but these are already identified on the cables and saved me SOOO much time and effort . They truly work for the Ford Focus . Great product .
 It 's a bit bulky , but with soldered connections , it was perfect . It was very helpful to be able to have a wiring harness because it made the head unit install quite a bit easier . Just make good connections and either heat-shrink , or tape the connections and this becomes a helpful little add-on to a stereo installation . It also has clear instructions for which wire colors did what , but there was one extra orange/black wire that was not listed , and apparently was not needed for my install ...
 Made upgrading the stock radio without altering the factory wiring possible . Just snap into original connector and connect to new radio terminals .
 My boyfriend installed my radio this weekend and once we figured out the wiring and what was what these worked just perfectly . The prices is AMAZING compaired to going to a auto store and getting them .
 This product worked great for connecting my new receiver to my '94 Ford Ranger . The local shop wanted more than four times the price for the same item .
 I bought this harness to install a JVC HD Radio in my '97 Ford F-150 . Installation went smoothly without any problems . Just make sure to buy some wire joiner caps that will provide a secure fit .
 Made it super easy to install my new deck . Wire labels were correct and very helpful . Matched oem connectors exactly . Insulation is very cheap and burns easily if you use heat-shrink splices and plastic breaks easily if you try to remove unused pins . However , this is the nature of 12v wiring and automotive connectors . Overall , good item for a good price .
 I used on a 1988 Ford F150 Lariat to connect a Pioneer stereo . Everything worked well and was easily labelled .
 Got this to install a new pioneer deck in my 1995 F150 XL and it worked perfectly , the wires are even labeled on the shielding as to what they are for .
 It worked in a 2000 Ford Focus SE to replace the stock radio / cd player with a new pioneer .
 Worked perfect on a 2002 ford focus . would recommend this product as these wiring kits are soooo stinking easy now . super easy , just connect the wires and plug in !
 Bought this on Amazon for a fraction of what they wanted at best buy . Best buy is a rip off and should change their name to Worst buy , but then I guess no one would shop there if they new the truth .
 I used this in a Ford Focus SVT with the 9006 audiophile w/sub-woofer sound system . This harness adapter set worked great for everything except the steering wheel controls and sub-woofer * . The problem is that there is n't any documentation to show you what orientation the connector mates . I did n't see how it the connectors fit at first , so I called Tech support . They assured me it fit and a few moments on the phone and I was good to go , +1 for good Tech support.The wires were labeled well and the wire list was easy to read . * - This kit does n't support the steering wheel controls or the sub-woofer in the Ford Focus SVT . What I did to make this work was remove the connector from the non-functioning 9006 audiophile stereo . I soldered the leftover wires from the Metra 70-1770 and the PAC SWI-PS to the old stereo connector . Then I just plugged in the remaining connector for steering wheel controls and Sub-woofer . PAC SWI-PS Sony and Pioneer Steering Wheel Radio Control Interfacefor Pioneer and Sony stereos , worked well for me.PAC also makes units for other Stereo units . Amazon carries most or all of them .
 This connector is easy to use and has everything you need to install an after market stereo to he car . Make sure either you have a car with premium sound . They surely have the adapters for it too .
 Perfect plug in for my son 's Mercury . Even the color of the wires matched perfectly with the new head unit which made it easy to wire . Only issue is you have now doubled the ammount of wires you have to stuff somewhere in the dash .
 Compared with the old one to be replaced this new sensor is about 2 inches short . As the result , the supporting clip grabs only about 1/4 inch of the electrical connection . Fortunately , there is another wire clip below that keeps the wire from wiggling around . The whole thing does not look good , but the sensor works .
 Genuine Bosch quality just like you would get at the Mercedes dealer at less than half the price ! Ca n't beat that !
 Not to much to say , it fit fine in my Mazda 626 1997 2.0 L . It is made in China but now everything does.I think i will get more of this filters in the future.I looks well made .
 I tried the Nifty liners but these were easier to install without any fastening required . Had these in my previous vehicle and loved them . Thought I wanted to try a different brand but that was a mistake . Husky liners catch all the dirt , mud and other stuff keeping it off of your vehicle 's carpeting . Easy to clean by washing off with a garden hose . No trimming required with the front liners for my Tacoma .
 Fit perfectly and was a great price . This corner light looks just like the original . Installed without any problems at all .
 Did n't know KOYO made timing belt tensioners , a nice addition to any engine . Shipping was on time and better than your conventional autozone or pepboys product .
 Direct fit for a 2002 Mercedes C230 . Fixed the oxygen sensor error . No splicing or rerouting required , just plug and play .
 I have a vehicle with a blow through turbocharged and carbureted engine , and needed an accurate fuel pressure gauge for tuning purposes . With a turbo system that blows through the carburetors , it 's critical to accurately know the fuel pressure . I tried two different gauges before getting this one , and neither of them worked as they should . The first one was a digital model which , as it turned out , did not record any fuel pressure below 10psi , which rendered it useless for my application . The second one was a cheap mechanical analog gauge from China , and it was useless also as it was not accurate at low fuel pressures , or probably anywhere else . I finally ended up with this Auto Meter gauge , and am very pleased with it . It is obviously well made in the USA , came with complete and easy to understand instructions , a first class wiring harness , was easily installed , works perfectly and is easy to read . It accurately registers fuel pressures as low as 1 or 2 psi , and is also capable of accurately reading pressures up to 30 psi . It is expensive , but sometimes you get what you pay for . A gauge with this accuracy and pressure range is not easy to find , but if you need one , look no further - this one is a first class instrument .
 Amazon has these the cheapest , locally or on the internet.I get these for all my vehicles . They fit perfect , do n't move around and could probably hold 2 gallons of water as long as you do n't accelerate or brake too hard.Husky makes a great product .
 These are easy to install , look great , protect your interior and are relatively easy to clean.My only caution is for those with leather interiors.The grip-spikes on the underside are sharp enough to easily scratch your seats if you are not careful.For this reason I think it 's a good idea to remove them for the carwash people so they do n't yank them out haphazzardly and cause damage and heartache . You might want to re-install them too ... for the same reason.Other than that , I say get them ... your carpet will thank you ...
 T H A N K S . A W E S O M E P R O D U C T
 Easy 4 wire hookup , only drawback is no back light or night time mode . Responds well with ECU and O2 sensor .
 The product was as stated and delivered on time . The only problem I had is that the metal screws provided were too short so I had to go to the hardware store to buy longer ones .
 Bought these grips elsewhere but needed the throttle boss . About the grips
 I was a little skeptical when I purchased this item for my Harley . I had already installed the ISO Grips a few months ago and did n't think it would be worth it . I was wrong . This item really is nice as I can just rest my palm on my grip and keep the speed constant . Super easy to install and it does n't get in the way at all . If you buy the grips , buy this and you will not be sorry !
 This is exactly what I needed to relieve stress on a tired hand during a long ride . I bought two since my wife rides as well . Installation was a breeze .
 Was exactly what we were hunting for his bike . The Throttle boss is a very nice addition to the bike and keeps your hand from sliddding off the grip . Nice to know that Amazion has such parts in stock for his bike .
 If You Ride Your Cruiser Bike Like I Do and for long distances this Kuryakyn Throttle Boss is for You . Hand Fatigue is always a problem in long trips So This One is Going to help You , Great Item at a Great Price !
 Good looking , comfortable and functional , this throttle boss does exactly what it is supposed to do . Comes with mounting hardware .
 Fit right on my new gripes . Adjusted after first ride and the device seems to be just the right size .
 Makes long trips so much more relaxing being able to just rest your hand on the throttle and cruise at a constant speed . Would recommend to anyone . I am using them with the stiletto end cap and the ISo grips
 With the onset of cold weather , I have limited real-world use of this product . However it fit well on my ISO grips , and matches well . It is a nice , solid-feeling piece which promises to be worth the modest cost .
 This boss is everything your looking for , its large enough to be funcional but small enough to not be in the way like the clampbuster can be . The rounded inside edge of the throttle boss allows your hand to `` roll '' off of it when you dont want to be on it . It took about 10 minutes to install the boss along with bar end weights , wish I had done this 20K miles ago !
 I just received this little gem a few days ago . what a great invention . I need to make slight adjustment but over-all a great device to add to help with your tingle-finger or kung-fu grip cramp u get while riding . easy install , too . take short screws out , install , put long screws in . RIDE !!!!
 Replacing a headlight should be easy , the bulb worked once I was able to finally get inside and get the old bulb out . I 'm convinced dealers want you to bring the car in so they can bill you for one hour of labor .
 Even though this is the cheap light bulb , I am very happy with the visibility it provides . It seems just as good as the bulb the car came with from the factory .
 very good fit and the chome finish was perfect , would recommend anyone to buy this product , also a very good price
 Just recently installed this in my '86 MR2 . Unlatch 4 clips on the stock intake cover , put in the element after oiling -LRB- K&N ; filter oil sold separately ! -RRB- , re-latch the clips , and you are good to go ! This is the easiest aftermarket intake installation I 've had ! The stock MR2 intake box has tension clips to hold the K&N ; `` donut '' in place . Just make sure not to over-oil the element.I ca n't compare this to the stock element since the previous owner did n't even have an intake element in the first place . Either way , K&N ; quality is a no-brainer .
 I have it on my car , each time that i hit the horn in anger while driving the sad but yet classic fun tune will make me smile and relax . Ever body show have one !
 I just finished installing this on my F.I.L truck . I needed extra parts/cables to install this horn . It was a gift for him and I just got around to installing it to replace his failing O.E.M horn.Pros
 It was a direct fit into my 1995 Mazda Miata . Seems to work as it should . What more can I say ?
 This is the second Neon Tube I purchased through Amazon.com for a Street Glow Gold Series 30 '' Neon Blue tube . These are quality items that are built to last . They are nice and bright and the inner glass tube is incased in an outer clear plastic tube to help deflect small rocks , etc. . that may come up off the road . This last incident my wife drove all the way up to a curb stop and smashed the front tube . The side tubes are only 48 `` in . I wish you could get them a little longer . Street Glow makes a great product at a good price . Thanks Amazon.com
 This was just a replacement for my undercar kit . It works fine . Glows like it should :--RRB- It came with new clamps which was nice since my old ones were shot.Not a ton of wire on the replacement bulbs so make sure you cut close to the bulb on your old ones when taking off . But there is plenty.Came in a very nicely foam padded box .
 always liked the k/n product line , so i wanted to get this for my toyota truck , pretty much put it in and forget about it , my driving conditions are not that dusty , so it lasts longer between service .
 The switch arrived early . In an AC Delco box . Was correct and installed in minutes . Fantastic and easy to get as well .
 I was living alone in my camper at the time . This small tank would contain maybe 3 weeks of black water . I was at work during the day , and dumping grey water on the ground . I had to purchase septic lines and connectors separately , couple bucks at WalMart . I 'll tell you this ; I ca n't imagine trying to empty something very much larger ! When this is near full it will weigh 80-90 lbs . 1 gallon of water weighs 8.35 lbs . It 's like picking up 10 gallons of milk all at once.I know it 's nice to think that we 'll always be emptying something like this at a nice , pretty , easy-to-use dumping station -LRB- with no one watching -RRB- . In the real world though , ask yourself where/how you will really empty it . When emptying this in a porto-potty I was really glad that I chose this smaller lighter tank!Ok , not proud of that particular information . None the less , I very much appreciate the size of this unit , and the wheels , and the fact that neither seal showed any signs of leaking!Best . | - -RRB-
 My husband thought that it was too small at first ... why anyone would want a large one and have all that xx / ** & !!! sitting in it for a week is beyond me!Con
 Beck Arnley is a good product and better than Python which fails a lot.These have worked just fine and are a better value for the money.Never had a B/A product fail ever .
 Great product that does a really good job of keeping the mud , snow , rocks and leaves from getting onto my trucks carpet . Installed in less than 10 seconds : - -RRB-
 This is a replacement bulb for a gold series undercar kit from street glow just incase you ca n't get them to give you one under warranty for one reason or another . This particular one is orange , and was slightly differently colored than the bulbs that originally came with the kit . However the difference is hardly noticeable .
 Works great and instillation was easy.Drill two holes , put screws and bolts in , attach hoses and connect up the wires.If i end up getting a 2nd air horn , I 'll be getting another one of these.Update . Had this for over a year now and I found a problem this past winter.When I first got this , I rarely ran the air horn nor did I ever have to leave for work very early in the morning , so I did not notice that this valve does not like cold temps . I have it mounted in the lock box on my pickup truck and have found it was very slow to open and close when the temps are below freezing .
 responds quickly and works perfectly to power my air horn . I have had no problems with this valve so far
 I would recommend this product to my friends , also i would buy it again if needed , installation was easy , and i was impressed that it had a bracket on it already . Both my wife and i have used amazon before and have been very pleased . Thank you for service .
 Have some RV air horns on my truck and this was the last part to complete my system , works great , doesnt leak and was a good price .
 I tried to rig up my air horn a few different ways with no success . I finally did it the right way and bought this solenoid valve . Works great !
 Length :
 I purchased this along with Wolo 's The Chief Air Horn -LRB- see review -RRB- . Intallation was easy peasy and works well . Action is quick and should last . -LRB- Its only been on a week or so -RRB- . As with other reviews I would also recommend mounting as close to the horn as possible -LRB- seems to work faster -RRB- . I am running 1/4 white -LRB- not clear -RRB- poly hose 150psi rated -LRB- think fridge icemaker -RRB- that I found in plumbing section at Lowes . Note
 I 'm not using this product for its intended purpose , so I ca n't attest to ease of installation , but I can say that I 'm pulling A LOT more current through it than you are supposed to , and I have n't managed to melt the solenoid . You are supposed to use 12-14V from your car , I 'm using 30V . The setup should have a 3A fuse , which is not included , but not a big deal , but I 'm using a 5A instead since the 3A ones kept popping . I am quite impressed with how this valve has endured in these conditions .
 These floor mats were a perfect match for the factory mats being replaced . While the color was a little darker than the surrounding carpeting , -LRB- because of the 12-year age of the car and the fading of the original material -RRB- , it matched quite well . More importantly , my daughter -LRB- who now owns the car -RRB- was happy for the upgrade . Order fulfillment and delivery were also impeccable and I received the order sooner than expected based on the order confirmation .
 Great service . Arrived quickly and fit perfectly . Ca n't ask for anything more or less .
 Wolo has great products . These air horns were a gift to my son who got a new diesel truck.Had a friend install them and are they loud.Wolo has the best horns and Amazon has the best prices !
 I thought that this would be brighter than my standard high beam , but looking at this versus my stock high beam , I ca n't tell a difference .
 Worked well . would of been nice to have had some directions . So I called walker , and found out they are none directional so as long as the heat shield is up their right .
 Great place to search for anything for your car , house , electronics and so on , well worth checking it out too .
 I was a bit concerned when I read reviews , but I 'm glad I took a chance . This hitch is as advertised ... no drilling was necessary for my 03 blazer LS . The information sheet I received also said that it would also work with an 04 blazer , but only 2 door models . The hitch is good quality and fits like a glove.Side note
 the hitch arrived on time as stated and it fits perfectly . Easy to install . No problems . I used my floor jack as my extra pair of hands .
 Needed a quality hitch receiver for my SUV and this was equal in price to a used equivalent in eBay . Shipping was prompt . Installation was straight forward to anyone comfortable with basic hand tools . -LRB- socket wrench , although a 1/2 '' socket is ideal vs a standard 3/8 '' -RRB- as it bolts to existing holes in the frame using heavy duty carriage bolts -LRB- supplied -RRB- An extra set of hands is not required , but greatly beneficial ; otherwise be prepared for some bruised knuckles and some colorful language . Only shortcoming to this receiver is 5 of the 6 holes lined up , but one required very minor drilling.All in all , this was a 2hr project working solo . Solid and sturdy and worth the money vs a eBay 2nd hand used hitch .
 This was easy to install on my 99 Blazer in 30 minutes . looks great , works great , towed a camper without any worries whatsoever .
 I ordered this hitch for use with a four bike carrier , as well as towing a 4 ` x8 ' utility trailer . Everything about this hitch are first class . Attractive , tubular design . Quality materials . Well-finished welds . Flawless powder coating . Well-written installation instructions . And a simple , bolt-on installation . Even the packaging and speed of delivery were great .
 This product come with imperfections on the chrome sections . These is not a seller fault because he or she is just amiddle man.This have to do with Weathertech quality control.I have bought 2 of these plates.One I got it directly fromWeathertech & other one I got it from here both with imperfections on the chrome sections.chrome sections insidethe clear plastic molded looked as single piece . If look from a distance u wo n't notice the imprtfections.I admit thatthese plates protected & looked good however they are a little pricey.I would recommend people should buy blackOnes and I think they would not come with imperfections like chrome ones and a little cheaper too.I would rate thisA three star and half base on price and quality but since I like it I rate it a 4 stars.Thanks for reading this review .
 My old license plate had gotten pretty ratty looking -LRB- twelve years old -RRB- , so when the state said they were replacing old plates , I picked one of these up to keep the new plate looking nice and new . So far , so good . The quality of WeatherTech products is unmatched , and this plate cover is no exception . If you want to keep your license plate clean and looking nice and new , I 'd highly recommend this cover to you .
 It was the same as what you would get at an auto store but without the auto store price ! Was exactly what we thought it would be .
 I ordered the K&N PL-1003 Air Filter for my 2012 Polaris Sportsman 500 H.O. Shipping was quick , and packaging was adequate . I hate paper filters and have been trusting K&N for years . This product will not disappoint . I am very pleased with this product .
 Love the K&N air filters . ca n't beat them for the price a lifetime filter.I have them in all my vehicles .
 All right , Adjust well on the bike , however I think the original has a best presentation and even better fit , I should clarify that there is nothing wrong with this device and it is too early to assess its performance , is currently installed and working well in general I have no complaints .
 This is a first step toward stage 1 along with a slipon pipe . Consider going to the barons or patrick racing air intake mods for the Strat/RL/Warrior .
 The product description was accurate . Everything I hoped it would be . Install was easy and it fit like a glove . I can definitely feel a increase in performance . There 's no going wrong with this air filter .
 My motorcycle is a California Highway Police Interceptor -LRB- 2003 Honda ST1100P3 -RRB- . It has a high performance engine and an assortment of beefed-up components for Police Service . This air cleaner is a custom engineered replacement for the factory part . It delivers a high volume of filtered air to the fast revving engine . On top of that you can clean and service the filter ; it so you only need to buy it once . The supplier I located using Amazon provided the best price by a large margin and excellent shipping .
 The stock filter on my Kawasaki is a lifetime filter , but at 16 or 17 years old the plastic frame cracked . This filter was not much more than buying a regular aftermarket filter with shipping and has an easier cleaning process . Well maybe the cleaning process is not easier , but the K&N ; process is well defined with the cleaning fluid and refreshing oil . A cleaning kit adds to the cost , but then it can be used on any K&N ; filter.A plus with Amazon , shipping is fast , while I 've had to wait over a week for parts from an online motorcycle parts retailer .
 Got my filter really quickly . Does not come with the oil that you need to put on the filter , and i didnt see that on the listing . Fortunately , my dad had some extra in his garage . Fit perfectly on my bike , took only 5 minutes to replace the old one and now my bike is running great and able to breath . Filter is much better than the OEM filter that the bike came with .
 PROS : This is my third K&N ; Air Filter . I bought this one for my 83 VF1100C Magna . I also have one on my 96 VF750CD Magna . If you buy one of these and have carbs rather than FI you will more than likely need to re-jet since this allows a lot more air through than a stock air cleaner . Most Every thing that K & N makes is top notch.CONS : The only disapointment on this was it was not pre-oiled like all the other K&N ; Filters I have bought . You need to spend the time & ? mess ? to oil this prior to installation & use .
 Came in quickly and can tell a difference from the paper stock air filter . Just make sure you read the instructions when putting it on your bike .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase first because here in Brazil special parts are really difficult to find at the local retailers and the K&N ; air filter was rated way more expensive to be bought by the internet at Brazilian sites!I 'm completely satisfied with the agility and the care by the Amazon.com . Thanks to you the part arrived fast and unviolated . It feels good buying from Amazon !
 Noticed the performance difference . Floppy rubber replaces rigid plastic oem filter and seals air box . A must have for performance .
 Since replacing the factory air filers on the 2005 Yamaha Midnight Warrior 1700 with these , I have noticed a marked improvement in throttle response and fuel economy . No regrets .
 Definitely noticed an increase in power ... great product and I would definitely recommend to Honda riders ... shadow sabre . Get the recharge kit !
 Love my new K&N filter ! Very simple to install noticible performance increase . Very fast shipment . Satisfied with this product and service all around . Thanks !
 ive gotten one for my car and i didnt feel the difference.i put this one in my 2008 sportsman 500 HO and it digs off the line noticeably faster.i got it so i dont have to buy a new filter every so often , now i have the one and only one ill ever need for the lifetime of the bike and you should too
 Expensive ! That 's what a lot of people say about K&N ; filters . However , they are typically less than the cost of two OEM filters , which are not reusable . So in the long run , you can -LRB- and do -RRB- save money . However , this particular filter -LRB- BM-1205 -RRB- is no longer used in current vehicle production , so I was able to get it less than half of what it normally costs.Also , K&N ; gets a lot of criticism for `` letting in dirt '' and for `` messing up MAF 's '' . If you use it and reoil it right , it performs just as well as an OEM filter . Its when you over oil it that you start messing up MAF 's and when you do n't do any maintenance on it is when it starts letting dirt through . I 've used them in many of my vehicles over the years and have never had a problem . MY UOA 's -LRB- used oil analysis -RRB- have come out clean over the years I 've used this with minimal silicon being reported -LRB- silicon = dirt -RRB- . Also , even though many report having an increase in power/torque/MPG 's , I have not . So do n't expect to , either . But you will save some money in the long run if you intend to keep your vehicle and you service this filter as recommended .
 This filter is a direct replacement for an '05 BMW K1200R air filter , part number 13717372602 . If you check on the parts match it will tell you that it will not fit . This is not the case . Go to the K&N filter cross reference site and you will find that it does indeed fit . And by the way , there is some power gain with this filter and you will be able to hear your intake , provided you have stock exhaust . This filter will not `` seal off '' if you ride in the rain , which I do frequently . Happy riding .
 I found that the size of the holes that go through the attaching points should have been a little larger as it was very tight when you were trying to put the filter in place , it had to be forced on .
 My old bike had a similar filter in it , i purchased a K&N filter cleaner kit , cleaned the filter and my bike started to act really funky . After $ 250 at the mechanic , a new R/R , carb . clean , and almost total bike breakdown . I ordered this filter , popped it in and the bike ran like a charm . The order only took a few days to arrive and packaging was unopened .
 I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800 , which by itself is not a slow machine . Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original , however , it was a whole different ballgame . I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor , and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I 'm sure I 'm adding longevity to the bike as well . Simple install ; fits directly in place of the stock filter . A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses .
 K&N filter are the great and worth every cent and Amazon had the best price . I pick up 2 more miles per gallon after I installed it and I opened up the air box a little also .
 K&N filter are without a doubt the finest filters for the money . Super easy to install and this filter has both increased my gas milage on my bike but most importantly it increased my horsepower . I did n't know that my bike was so responsive until l installed this filter . Worth the money !!!!!
 Great system , I have K&N in all of my vehicles but it is a pain to install on the klr 650 . it 's difficult to get the screw to line up in the little space that you have but still delivers the quality that i expected . better throttle response and a slight power increase .
 we ordered this abut a week ago arrived precisely when they said it would but not without its issues we did have some problems with shipping but with working with amazon it was quickly resolvedBut onto the good part after receiving the filters of course my husband wanted to put them on immediately in taking the bike apart you have to know what you are doing its a little hard to get to the filters a little work is involved but anything worth doing is worth doing right once the filtrers were in -LRB- by the way the instructions are very easy to see and read pictures are great -RRB- the bike instantly ran better the performance was signifacant i really love this product would recommend to anyone
 I 've used K&N filters in all my vehicles for years , and when my 2005 Yamaha FZ6 needed a new filter , I did n't hesitate . Install is easy , although it can get a bit messy with the oil spray and having to get in under the gas tank . As usual , performance is improved a bit thru better air flow vs the stock filter , and the sound is great -- a nice &#34; whoooooosh &#34; when I twist the throttle . I highly recommend K&N air and oil filters to everyone .
 It took a minute to swap out this air filter on my 2006 Suzuki 700Kingquad . I noticed an immediate difference ... The idle was improved , the accelaration was improved , and no hiccups like I was experiencing with the stock paper filters . So far , so good . K&N products are well worth the money .
 exactly what i asked for , good timing also , had absolutely no problems at all , will deal again when looking for more stuff
 Absolutely perfect experiance . Great quality product that is well packaged and has all required directions in package . Love it love it !
 I bought this K&N air filter for my 2007 KLX 250s Dual Sport . It was a little tricky getting it to fit because the outer cap bottoms out on the inside of the air-box . Also had to file down the threads on the wing-nut bolt just a little bit so the filter would seat good . Once I got it in there , I could immediately tell a difference in the increase of power . I would definitely recommend this product for the 2007 Kawasaki KLX 250s .
 If this air filter was used it was not for very long . It was in its orignal box and plastic bag it also had a k & n sticker . I am very happy with my purchase I paid 40 $ for a 68 $ filter . And shipping was fast .
 its a different shape than the stock filter for my 82 ' xv750 but the holes line up fine and it fits well in my airbox , i definitely notice the increased performance from better airflow , and its reusable
 The price for this filter -LRB- $ 31.00 -RRB- was less than the OEM paper filter you have to replace every 6000 to 7000 miles . And the beauty of K & N filters is when dirty you just wash it with K & N cleaner & water & just let air dry , then reoil with K & N filter spray oil . Also the filter will probably out live your bike .
 I bought this for my Suzuki Boulevard C50 because I wanted a washable filter that lasted a long time . I heard people talking about how a K&N filter gave them extra power . I did n't really believe all that , but after I installed this filter on my bike , there was a small yet noticeable increase in power . I am happy ! Extra performance on a washable filter that will last me for the life of the bike .
 I have always been a fan of K&N products . In this case it was a matter of getting a good deal , this vedor was very fast and had a great price !
 Fit perfect , did not have to modify the airbox or anything . Came ready to use right out of the box . It IS a K&N brand filter exactly as advertised .
 K&N has long been a favorite of mine , when it came time to change the air filter on my motorcycle , the choice was simple . The product took about 2 minutes to install and while I ca n't substantiate the HP or fuel mileage increase , I can tell you the acceleration right off the bottom is noticeable immediately . If you switch your filter , this `` lifetime '' replacement is a `` must have '' !
 Fitment is good , would be excellent if it had a tab for the stock clip to hold it in place . I bent the tab to help hold it while putting the cover on.Have used K&N ; filters in all my bikes they work well and are easy to clean and oil .
 it really made a difference in power and no more backfiring , works great last a life time with proper maintenance
 i first tried to save a few dollars buying a competitors air filter ; not a good idea ! fitment was a problem ; so i had to return the product and wait of course a couple weeks for co -LSB- bike bandit -RSB- to receive the filter/log it in/inspect it/and then send my purchase back to credit card / -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks ! i purchased a k & n filter from AMAZON ; received it , installed it be-fore -LSB- bike bandit ever acknowledged receiving the other one ! SO ; BUY A NAME BRAND PRODUCT -LSB- QUALITY !!!!! -RSB- from someone who ships their product immediately ! MY MISTAKE SHOULD BE YOUR BLESSING !
 Great replacement air filter from K&N that is reusable so it is a `` Green '' product that gives your engine more air flow for increased power .
 The car runs better and there are less of times where I have to replace my air filter . I like the way the air flows easier so there are less jumping for air when you give the car the gas pedal ...
 Installed about 100 miles ago . The previous filter was installed by the previous owner . There are about 20k miles on the bike and even if the previous filter was installed when new , it was filthy ! I like the air flow on this one and there seems to be a slight increase in torque as the engine is breathing better . I will see how the filter stands up to a cleaning in about 2k miles when the next oil change is due .
 I took a chance on buying one of the `` used '' products that was listed for $ 16.39 . In the back of my head I was hoping that it was just an opened box item that they could n't sell as new and I was right ! The box was kind of beat and opened and had a UPS sticker on it , but inside was a brand new/sealed K&N ; filter . I ordered this filter and the K&N ; cleaner kit for another $ 10 + to get the free shipping and like ordering from Amazon Fulfillment , anything over $ 25 gets free shipping . I live about 150 miles from the closest fulfillment center so shipping varies from next day to 3 days . I got this in 2 days . So far I 've had nothing but excellent luck when buying `` Used - Like New '' from Amazon . They 've either been `` new '' or I could n't tell if it 's been used and I 'm perfectly fine with this.This K&N ; filter fits nicely in the stock C50T airbox . At first it seem like it was too larger as the chrome cover did n't quite fit back on once the filter was in place ; However , I decided to try and put the screws back in the tighten down the cover and everything snapped into place . Perfect fit .
 Very happy w/the product and the shipping service . This filter sells for more at most other sights . Would reccommend this to people I know .
 Replaced the stock air filter on my Suzuki GS500 with this . Very easy swap in about 15 minutes . Great price for a high performance filter .
 Had a K&N Air Filter on my 2004 Honda 599 -LRB- Hornet -RRB- , and liked both the slight performance increase , and the sound the intake makes now . Well , after getting my 2006 VFR800 VTEC , I figured it could n't hurt . It did not ! It seems the bike runs a little smoother , and sound and performance are much better , especially after the second set of valves kick in at about 6400 RPM . And as said by `` Brock '' , it does make more sense to not have to buy a new filter every time , plus I actually got it for less money than what Honda was charging for the OE filter .
 I do n't have much experience riding my Suzuki Savage with the stock air filter , and the one it had when I got the bike was in really bad shape . I at least know that this one is a huge improvement .
 Time to replace the air filter for my cycle so I decided to try online instead of dealer and picked this high performance air filter . Shipment was very fast . Very easy to install . I would recommend this product and this Seller .
 The K&N Replacement Filter for the Road Star is a medium difficulty shade tree mechanic task . I call it medium only because the Road Star 's filter box is not the easiest to remove and most people will need a long-nose plier to get the breather hose off the back of the filter box . The K&N filter has well over twice the `` breathable '' surface area of the stock Yamaha filter and the oiled fabric of the K&N flows a lot more air per square inch than the stock paper filter . The difference is immediately noticeable at idle - the bike no longer feels like it 's gasping for breath as it idles . The difference is even more noticeable when riding - the bike pulls harder and smoother from idle all the way through the power band , accelerates more crisply , and does n't surge like the stock filter did . For riders who keep the stock exhaust or go with a moderately higher flow after-market system , the K&N Replacement Filter offers all the air flow needed . I 've used K&N for years and will always replace the stock air filter with a K&N when one is available .
 I 've used the K&N ; products in my vehicles for years and decided on using it in the motorcycle as a replacement to the stock Yamaha air filter . Being in Southern California , it seemed to get dirty pretty quickly and it just makes sense to replace it with a cleanable filter like I use in my truck.The fitment is perfect and required just a few minutes to install . A great product that I would definitely recommend .
 This is a fine filter , probably one of the best . Naturally it fits , that 's how it was manufactured . I do have a little problem with oiling the thing though . It is hard to not put too much oil on the filter when cleaning and using the `` oil-in-the-bottle . '' It takes forever to drip out to the point that you can install it and then not suck oil into your engine . I am going to get the spray-on cleaner kit and hope that works better next cleaning . It 's a little pricy but hey , it is more than likely the last air filter you will ever need to purchase .
 This is a great deal on a well known air filter . Anyone who is a gear head knows who K&N is . Ca n't beat the price either . To get a superior air filter that will help your bike breath better for only $ 15 more than a stock OEM filter is a no brainer . Came fast and fit perfectly . My only complaint is that no where on the box does it say its already oiled and ready to go . Had to find that out on the internet . Otherwise I had no regrets .
 I installed this on a 2005 Vulcan 800 . It fit perfectly and it immediately made a difference in the bikes performance . Not anything huge but the engine ran smoother and I had fewer of those cold hiccups first thing in the morning that this bike has always had . My gas mileage increased slightly too . No carb re-jetting required . I kept everything else stock .
 after reading about k & n i bought one . I really did n't expect anything really but i did need an airfilter anyhow . WOW , something simple like that has made a difference in power and sound . Dont get me wrong , , , it 's not crazy different but it did shock me a little . i am sold on this type of high performance airfilter and would buy again .
 I only use K&N filters for all of my vehicles . The air filters do add power and increase gas mileage . They also save money over time because they never need to be changed .
 I noticed that after I changed my filter , my bike seemed to be breathing better and really accerates to the redline quicker . K&N is one of the best and this is cheaper than at my local bike shop , I use them in all my machines now . It is Economical when you buy two or more over the long haul , good protection from dirtst and du , especially where I live where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 Ordered this as a gift for a buddy of mine . Only thing that sucked was shipping took longer than the `` one day shipping '' special that was offered . Overall product was great ! Had bought it for a 03 ' Honda Shadow ACE 750 and immediatly felt a difference .
 works great , easy to install , fit perfectly in air box . to install on none touring model with mock tank you open door to gas cap.remove all screws and 2 on front of tank . be careful , tank is 2 seperate parts . lift up instrument panel.slide tank apart a little , remove screw , lift out filter , put in new , put in screw , slide tank parts back in place , insert instrument panel , run screws back in . It is a good idea to have someone help you by holding the instrument panel up out of the way due to wires attached and so you dont scratch the tank . Also , when removing screws , look out for washers , so when you lift instrument panel , you dont lose them or drop them in the gas filler tube , because gas cap must be removed .
 Works great , perfect replacement fit for Yamaha 1100 custom . Have not noticed any power inprovement . Just nice to have a good one that will last forever .
 Good fit , really did not notice any increase of power . The filter on a conours 14 '08 is on the left side . Remove left plastic and electronic relay bracket , lift rubber flap on frame just below the fuel tank and there it is . good luck !
 I replace my old air filter with this new KN&N filter and the bike can breath a lot better . The bike responds is a lot quicker and it does n't hesitate to accelerated
 Got the oil filter and air filter to my door cheaper than just buying the air filter anywhere in Canada . Retailers here often charge two or three times as much for the same part . I did have to cut about 3/8 '' off the little tab for a perfect fit on the KLR650 2011 . But that is normal for these things .
 Throttle response fantastic major improvement over stock I have k & n ; air filters on everything withK & n ; you ca n't go wrong I recommend this product a + +
 I bought this for my 05 R6 basically hoping to pickup some performance over the washable OEM in the 05 . The best thing about this filter is the fact that it replaces the crappy OEM O-rings and the plastic separator in the air box . The fit is tight , simple , and secure which is important on any Ram Air system . Basically this system seals much better than the OEM so the risks of loosing some air force is reduced . The bike seems like it has more torque , but that is n't dyno proven my me . All in all I debated whether to buy this , and I 'm glad I did .
 was on time package good it was as discribed in add it was beautiful i was very pleased with is product
 Great price and excellent shipping ... arrived on time and very happy with the fit/install on my son 's Polaris 300 . It was easy enough that he helped out . Good times
 This k & n filter fit my klr 650 like a charm also made my exhaust sound deeper and a lil more hp would recommend it easy install less than 5 min !
 This is a wonderful find My motorcycle takes this particular filter -LRB- without mods -RRB- which no paper filter can compare thank you Amazon for carrying this filter .
 The air fliter on my husbands bike was so bad -LRB- he just bought it used but previous ower have n't changed it since brought new -RRB- that he had to get new replacement . he looked everywhere but all were so high that we just could n't afford it ... that was till we found one on Amazon . I strongly recommend this product for the price and quality .
 K&N filters are rated # 1 for a reason . My mechanic recommends and uses them in his own vehicles . Will find filters that fit my truck .
 Better Airflow and nice intake sound make this a definite add to my Concours . I will add a fuel controller and new exhaust and it will increase power and MPG ...
 I have K&N filters installed on all my vehicles . The increased horse power may not be noticeble in some cases , but at least you can save a few bucks on replacing the paper filters every once in a while .
 Bike runs normal before was too rich , even the choke works wheer before the chock would kill the bikei have better millage as well
 product fit and performed as expected and price was also good.I replaced the oem filter with this one and rejetted carbuerator which was neccessary . bike has more power in high gear .
 Excellent filter . The installation instructions could have been a little clearer . Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to replace their original filter .
 Purchased for my Yamaha Stratoliner , and it is a perfect replacement at a great price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs same item .
 Not much issues were felt without tuning but definitely can feel the bike breathing more . Maybe tuning is next to fully maximize this mod but for something I 'll never have to replace and just clean , its great .
 Not too noticeable on a street bike , but now I have more air and clean air going in . Move tank for install .
 I replaced my old stock air Fiters in my 2004 Suzuki Marauder VZ800 to Increased the horsepower & performance . I felt the a major in incress Increase in power
 What can i say , you ca n't go wrong with K&N ... fits great and works great . Cheaper than always buying paper filters
 On a recent dualsport ride on my BMW R11550GS , I filled my airbox with dirty water during a water crossing . The snorkle shot enough water at the paper airfilter to push it out of the way and allow the airbox to fill with dirty water . I drained the airbox a few miles later , but obviously the wimpy OEM paper filter needed to go . The K&N is much more robust than the OEM filter and made of material that should resist water much better than paper . Time to go back to the dirt for more creek crossings !
 Recently purchased a 2007 Yamaha FZ6 with 10K on it . Previous owner used it as a commuter , as am I. Regular maintenance schedule said to replace the air filter so I looked and found the K&N on Amazon for less than the OEM filter . Drops in easily and improved performance and throttle response is definitely noticeable . Would absolutely recommend this item . Ride On !
 K&N products have been for me really great to have on your bikes . I ordered this K&N for my boulevard . Instantly increased my horsepower . Still waiting to see how much more my fuel mileage is . Got instant response of my motor . I love the fact all I have to do is clean my filter and it 's good to go . This is not a filter you throw away . Totally servicable and washable . Took only 5 minutes to put on my bike if that .
 The K&N Filter works great on my 04 Yamaha Warrior 350 , I can feel the difference on the power band
 What should have been 30 min in and out to pop this filter in was turned into several hours chasing tools , measuring , and trimming it to fit . After fitting it , the product is just what you 'd expect from K&N. ; But , out of the box this filter is 1/16 '' too wide and 3/16 '' too long . The filter is like a top hat . In the image you are looking at the what I 'll call the top with the K&N ; logo . The bottom edge/brim is a flange that sits on a narrow lip of the airbox . Out of the box , the flange of the K&N ; will not seat properly and seal on the lip of the airbox.Taking the stock filter and placing it flange to flange with the K&N ; and aligning one of the long ends yields the measurements above . I took a razor blade and scored a guide line to follow for material removal.The flange material is a durable plastic about 1/8th inch thick . I chose not to try cutting it . A buddy had a deburring bit for a drill . The bit is conic , about 2 '' long , and the rasp is not particularly aggressive probably designed for hardened steel . -LRB- I need to find one of these for myself -RRB- Note
 Product was well packaged and all parts needed for install . The only thing is they packaged the wrong instructions for installation . K&N has a great website that allows the buyer to download the instructions . They thought of everything for you to install , such as longer screws , hose etc. . Fit perfect .
 What I like about this filter besides the added performance is the fact that it is reusable . That means you never have to buy another filter again . It is also covered by K&N ; 1 million mile warranty . I would suggest going on K&N ; website and filling out the warranty form -LRB- left side on their site close to the bottom click on warranty then scroll down to the bottom and click on the form link -RRB- just in-case you might want to be covered by the warranty . They suggest cleaning the filter every 50k miles that also depends on your driving conditions . I useK & N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeezeto clean my filter .
 I bought this for my 1996 Kawasaki Ninja ZX600R 1 year ago had no problem installing item and most of all I did not have to re-jet the carbs . Look out and hold on !!!! That is how much of a difference this filter makes !!!!!
 Excellent product for your bike . It makes such a difference in the breathing of the bike , the minute I started it up I could hear and feel the difference . No longer sluggish when we give it gas at a low RPM . Excellent price too !
 Arrived in perfect condition , you can definitely feel the difference from the OEM filter . 1000 % recommended .
 K&N is the best , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I use K&N air filters on all my vehicles , to include my FJR1300 . All have offered better performance than the stock filters . I must say that they MUST be maintained properly to get optimal performance , and not damage intake components . Most folks over oil these filters or do not clean them properly . If the manufacture 's instructions are followed , you 'll get great performance and long-life with these filters .
 More Power , Better sound and washable . A little bit expensive but all good things are this way
 Filter was made very good ... i felt the difference in my quad right away ... easy cleaning ... and it seemed to let the quad breath alot better .
 I have K&N filters on many of my vehicles and as always it 's a perfect fit and breathes better than anything else .
 K&N ; makes a better air filter than anything the factory will include on their bikes.It 's part of the upgrades I did to my stock Vstar 650 . Also use a quality synthetic oil , iridium plugs and Lucas top lube in the gas .
 I noticed no real horsepower gain , however I have no dynometer to prove otherwise . This filter fits in the stock location of my '95 Magna with no problems and is a good stock replacement.As a sidenote , I ca n't believe Honda designed this filter . It would be cheaper to simply have a removable element , instead of having to buy this custom shaped plastic piece . I miss the good old days when the filter was under the seat and took 5 minutes to change .
 Works great on my 2007 Honda Sabre ; I did a holesaw mod upto the cat on my stock pipes ; dropped this in & WOW ! RUMBLE & POWER . May need to adjust fuel mixture now or rejet .
 Got exactly what I asked for , in new , off the shelf condition in a reasonable amount of time . I would definately reccomend this vendor .
 it 's for my 2000 ZX7R - came in within 3 days after i ordered , free shipping . item fits perfect in the air box housing . i did notice the difference on response and sound . mileage improvement , if there are any , is not on the list of reasons why i bought this . let 's put it this way , i drive/commute approx 54 miles -LRB- 1 way -RRB- with a lifted 88 suburban before i got the bike , i was happy i got this crotch rocket . engine vibration seems to be less , slight difference but enough for me to notice . i would recommend this product , better yet , K&N ; products to all riders and divers out there.safe riding ladies and gents - GO ARMY !!
 fast delivery - works well - i am very happy with the product - would reccomend for atvs - preforms much better than stock
 The fit was perfect . Instalation was easy with the included parts . As far as prefomance it seems to have lmproved the performanceof the motorcycle .
 I recieved my k & n filter in a short amount of time . The filter has giving my bike better gas milage and more power . Very pleased !
 K&N is the only way to go . Wash it after every couple of rides . It will last a super long time and keep your bike running like a champ .
 I have used k & n filters for many years now and the quality and ease of installation has n't let me down yet . The installation took about 30 mins and it fit perfectly . I would recommend this filter for anyone who wants a quality filter that will last for the life of their motorcycle . Just do n't forget to clean the filter periodically with k & n filter cleaner and oil .
 It 's the last Air Filter you will have to buy for your Motorcycle . Easy instructions for install and maintenance.After install I can feel an increase in power and I can see greater MPG .
 I really like washable / re-usable filters on all my vehicles and power-sports equipment . They just make good sense , last forever , and cleaning is far more efficient than a paper filter.The local Honda dealer wanted as much for their paper filter as this K&N ; costs , which made the switch to a permanent filter a no-brainer ! Buy a new filter every 12K miles , or simply wash and re-charge this one every 50K ! The filter was an exact fit , and even came with K&N ; stickers to mount on the outside of the filter housing , as well as a WARNING sticker to alert dealers/maintenance personnel that they are NOT to remove / change / exchange this filter , EVER.After installing this filter , I noticed smoother acceleration , and more power as I reached speed . I took a 400 mile trip on my Sabre this past weekend , and reaped the benefit of gaining 2-3mpg as well ! You ca n't go wrong with installing one of these on ANY vehicle !
 Love my new filter it is an exact fit and has improved my fuel mileage a great deal . It was easy to install , was shipped quckly
 I purchased this filter right after purchasing my used bike . It replaced what looked like the original air filter from 4 years ago . I did not notice any huge improvements in my power and really was n't looking for any . I just appreciate that the filters are able to be cleaned which definitely saves money in the long run . I was at first disappointed because I thought the air filter did n't fit , I was trying to install it at night . The next morning when I decided to give it another try I realized they ship with longer screws to compensate for the increased width of the gasket . This is the second k & n I have put on my vehicles and as long as they are affordable will be the only air filters I install on my own vehicles or recommend to friends and family .
 I already had heard that K&N made great products . But I never bought any of them till I foundmine at a very resonable price on Amazon , much cheaper than the auto parts stores and I checked them ALL . I dropped it into my Yamaha R6 and all I can say is that I have a brand new bike . Much faster off the line as well as top end power and going thru less gas while at it too . If you can find one that will fit your ride find it here add to cart then check out period . Easy install came with instructions and some K&N stickers to throw on my bike as well . Thanks Amazon for a great buy .
 installation onto the motorcycle was very easy . purchased this product because of the K&N name and I am not disappointed . this product does add a little bit more HP .
 The filter was exactly as identifed when ordered . It was shipped promptly and packaged well enough to protect it during shipment .
 Overall construction of this air filter is very good , better then the OEM filter , and the fit was perfect . Honda recommends changing the stock filter every 12,000 miles , a 4 hour job to change the filter on a Goldwing . K&N recommends cleaning their filter every 50,000 miles , I do n't think I 'm ready to go 50,000 miles but I 'm comfortable with 25,000 .
 Product was shipped promptly and accurately , came exactly as ordered.Price was 2/3 of what it would have cost here in Canada at my local Honda dealer.I have not put it on my bike yet but am confident from previous experience with K&N ; that it will work well and pay for itself over the life of my bike .
 Fitment is perfect on my 2011 -LRB- gen 2 -RRB- . . I know the power-gain is probably not significant enough for me to notice but it seems a little faster coupled with a slip-on . . Overall very satisfied with this air filter .
 I 've been a Yamaha guy all my life , until 2005 when I needed a commuter for living and working in Seattle , where the ferry is $ 30 roundtrip for a car , ut only $ 8 for a motorcycle . My '00 SV650 is my first Suzuki ... and I love it.It was a used buy from an engineer who wanted a track queen to trailer , ride hard , then put away until the next . It came with the K&N ; gauze filter above , so its entire life with me has been without the expensive and non-cleanable/non-reusable stock cloth air filter.Another one of our group of friends has the same year , same-spec SV , but in slightly different tune . He however chose to stick with the stock filter , modified.In the time we 've both owned our SVs , I 've just cleaned and re-oiled the filter . He 's gone through umpteen stock filters , and has to mod them everytime perfectly like the last one , which is a pain as the original SV650 has a clearance issue with the underside of the tank , and the opening to the filter , which is the opening to the airbox . The only thing about owning a K&N ; , is careful adherence to cleaning and oiling procedure -- it 's really , really easy to under/overoil . But once you learn how , it 's a snap -- just takes about an hour to allow for proper drying and oiling.I 've solved that last bit about the time lag prepping the filter ... by buying two . That way one is always clean and ready to drop in , while you can take your time and do right to the other filter . Expensive ? Perhaps ... but they always act the same , always give me the same mpg , same performance . Ca n't say the same about my friend and his adventures in Dremelling ABS plastic ... not to mention he 's spent a lot more than even the cost of two K&N s ; in five years of riding . ; -RRB- Pros
 Looked all over and finially found this filter here . Lowest price anywhere . Not exactly like the original filter , but it fit fine . Have n't noticed any different in mileage yet , but only put on about about 200 miles . Like the idea , never have to buy another motorcycle filter for my bike , ever . Recieved it very fast from Amazon Thanks , Jim
 Makes more sense to have a reusable filter for my 2003 VFR800a , considering it is only about $ 10 more than the Honda replacement filter , which is oiled paper . Good investment . Bike is pretty new to me , so not sure if performance has increased , only had one take of gas used on stock filter . But it is going to save money by not ever having to buy another air filter for this bike .
 You hear a lot of &#34; opinions &#34; about how much better OEM filters are than K&N. ; It 's not true . I 've have and will continue to use K&N ; for both my bike and my car.K & N ; opens the bike up , offers better compression , the bike runs cleaner and cooler as well as being completely re-usable . The filter is better built than OEM and does n't break down and get sucked into the heads.It 's just a great product and the Amazon price ca n't be beat .
 K&N Filters are the cream of the crop . I usually wait until the stock air filter has to be replaced then replace it with these high quality air filters . The bike actually runs a bit better with this less restrictive air filter .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to the stock air filter large displacement motorcycle -LRB- 113c . i. -RRB- . It is a noticeable upgrade compared to the original air filter .
 Picked this up for my 2012 Busa . Great fit , simple change out , K&N quality . Around town theres not much difference felt , but once you hit the open road and un-wind the bike , you can totally feel the difference ... great product
 I have wanted on of these since i bought my bike and thanks to Amazon I got one at a great price . My Katana loves this new filter . Thanks amazon for saving me money
 It did n't exactly fit my 2007 Yamaha V-Max , but it is still doing its job . K&N has always been a quality product .
 No body does it better . Makes me feel sad for the rest . Baby your the best air flow , added H.P. and performance for the money period .
 Took about 2 minutes to install . I definitely noticed an increase in horsepower . I recommend this to everyone looking . K&N makes a great product
 Like I said , once it 's installed , the bike seems to love the enhanced air flow.The problem is with the fit of the metal plate over the top of the filter . Installing it into the KLR took several attempts to get right . The metal plate does n't fit naturally over the top of the filter when you screw the butter fly bolt . It wants to set in a tilted fashion - crooked . I finally realized I have to do a tricky maneuver to get the plate on with both hands evenly -LRB- one with fingers pressing toward 's the back , and the other with fingers pressing on the front side -RRB- , and then with quite a bit of force , keep it pressed on the filter while I attempt to screw the butter fly bolt on.It just seems that the plate should be a few millimeters larger so it naturally slips into place while screwing the bolt in.I 'm sure I 'll get better at it , but well designed parts should just work and not require horsing around with different techniques to get such a simple part into place properly .
 what can i say ? the product already sells itself ! if you dont have one you need to get one for all vehicles ! great air flow improved response and a quality product to protect your investment !!!
 This K&N ; air filter is a good value , and fits the 1st generation Suzuki SV650 -LRB- '99 - ' 02 -RRB- . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not come pre-oiled , so you 'll have to buy a separate bottle of oil -LRB- I recommend the K&N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze , available on Amazon -RRB- . Otherwise a good fit and does the job . Recommended .
 Dropped this in my motorcycle , and it runs great . I have a fuel injected bike with aftermarket exhaust and no Fuel Management system -LRB- Power Commander , or Juice Box -RRB- and the power band is smooth and responsive .
 Fits better than OEM , functional and best of all , it 's reuseable . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase through Amazon , always like the free shipping deals .
 I recently purchased this air filter for my 2002 Shadow ACE 750 and instantly noticed a difference . The bike responds a lot faster and the increased air flow alows the bike to feel less `` forced '' . I install K&N products in all my vehicles . There is a notable difference without having to remove stock air box .
 K & N Max air flow . Put one of these on my wife 's Suzuki and had to plug one of the vents . Engine ran too lean . So much less constriction than a regular filter . Put one on my Honda VXT and the bike has a little more pep .
 Excellent quality merchandise in perfect shape.Packaging was perfect for the items.Excellent delivery time.Exactly the part I order and wanted at the nice price I would pay.Would order again .
 This review is not so much about the product but about Amazon . I was amazed to find the motorcycle parts I needed through Amazon . It has truly become my one stop shopping place online . The price was the best I could find and the delivery was as they stated . The product is something I was already familiar with and the quality is excellent . I truly do not have to shop around just enter it in the search no matter how obscure the product you are looking for .
 This filter fit my stock air box fine . I do not know about any real horsepower gains . It will be interesting to dyno the bike to see if it made any measurable improvement .
 I love it . It was easy to install and the mpg has been awesome . Great price and great results . The easy choice !
 another quality product from k & N. i replaced the original filter and this made a nice difference . always recommend this product for every vehicle .
 Your initial cost for the K&N Filter will be more than the stock filter but it does not take long to recoup your cost and actually start saving money by not replacing the stock filter as needed . It is very easy to remove , clean and condition as needed . As far as performance I have not paid much attention to that aspect as the two reasons stated above are enough to sell me . If it improves performance , efficiency and longevity then that 's a bonus .
 Fitted straight in , packed well , great price , K&N makes quality products as you would expect , no issues recommending this item .
 The butt dyno ca n't tell a difference and my mpg is unaffected . But it 's a high quality re usable filter that will save $ $ over time . VTX 1800C equipped with stock pipes , stock EFI fuel management .
 I bought this for my 2011 BMW G650GS and have no complaints . The installation was smooth and everything fit as it should . Do n't forget to install the foam restrictor if you 're not going to get a custom tune ! It 's nice that this was thought of and included .
 This product really allows my suzuki gsxr to breathe better - Its a great item and i will be sure to recommend you to other bike riding friends of mine .
 Perfect filters for my rejetted carbs and my stock pipes that i have removed the baffles on . The engine runs so good now .
 2010 Honda Goldwing very good price for a performance filter that can be washed and reused . Plus I believe that K&N filters flow more air .
 Fit just right and got better gas mileage . Easy to in stall and maintain . Now if I could find a cheeper exhust system .
 This is my first experience with a K&N air filter ; I installed it in my 2001 model BMW F650GS motorcycle . I noticed an immediate gain in horsepower - the acceleration is significantly better than before . I have n't had a chance to find out fuel mileage gains , but that 's coming next . So far I 'll say this was money well spent .
 I like the product , but looking at how long it takes to ship it out is just way too long . I paid 10 dollars more for one just to get it in a week . Great if you 're not in any hurry for it .
 In the words of Dr. Frankenstein , `` it 's alive '' !!!! I feel as if my bike just literally came alive . It 's a 2011 Hayabusa with 638 miles . It was rediculous before but felt slightly held back like it was n't breathing correctly and had a slight backfire . After exchanging the air filter , adding Castrol Power 4 RS racing 10w40 full synthetic and a K&N ; oil filter , the bike came alive . It 's fine now ! I can feel it in the trottle.Shipping was really fast !!
 K&N has always been very reliable for me , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 This replacement air filter is a less expensive alternative to the factory filters but it does not easily fit ; it can be made to fit but does take some doing .
 this filters are very good you can see , fill the performance change instantlymy bike performs better and sounds betterall i can say is it is a good inbestment
 K&N has one of the best products available . There is no surprises with this filter either . It fits , it works better & it will not need replacing . I have K&N air filters in all my vehicles ; and my garage and my driveway are full . OK , so I am tag renewel poor , but I wo n't have to buy paper air filters . If you keep your wheels for decades and travel miles into the 100K 's like I do , it is worth it ; if not only for the enhanced performance .
 I get the k & n filter on amazon for a gsxr 1000 and the bike just sounds great with it and the best thing this filter is for life !
 No problems installing on a late model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Suzuki GS 500 I bought . You need to remove the gas tank and hold it to the side , it 's good to have 2 people for this job . It took me a little time aligning / putting tank back on but not to bad , it 's best if you do n't have a lot of gas in the tank . You can do this job yourself fairly easily/quickly without much experience , there is a video on Y.T , a guy doing this GS 500 air filter job solo.Runs / starts much better , the existing air filter needed to be replaced , so I paid a few bucks more and got a K&N. ; Actually , this filter at the time was around $ 25 less on this site then the local M.C. store . This is the 3rd K&N ; product I 've used , my car has a K&N ; FIPK cold air intake . I 've never had any issues with their filters/intakes .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is deserving.The stock filter has foam around the periphery to seal it . The K&N ; filter uses a rubber wedge / protrusion , and fit very tight in the slot . Definitely use the supplied lube to install it . Seals really well.Also noticed the engine vibrations decreased slightly with my 2010 . Vibs from the handlebars when cruising in 6th gear at 60 MPH dropped . Now I do n't feel that level of vibration unless I drop to 4th gear at that speed . Sweet ! Also , the sale price was only $ 11 more than a replacement stock filter , and this one is a lifetime filter!Shipping was super fast too . I ordered it on a Friday with the 5 to 8 day free shipping option , and received it on Monday -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase . Even posted about it on two major forums , and dozens of members bought them -LRB- Hey , maybe I get a commission here :-RRB- -RRB- .
 I always purchase K&N air filters for every vehicle I own , I did n't know that Amazon had the best price for them . I will definitely be using Amazon to purchase all my K&N stuff in the future .
 When buying K&N ; filters , you can not go wrong . Add the excellent Amazon 's prices , fast delivery and you get an unbeatable deal.Very happy with the purchase .
 I went wit a K & N because of their ridiculous million mile gaurantee . I live in the desert so air filters get real dirty , real fast and I figure the $ 77.00 price was less than what I would be spending on lower quality air filters . I did extensive web searching , for a lower price , could not find it cheaper anywhere , $ 107.00 was about the average everywhere else .
 I put this little magic air filter in my Vulcan 800 Classic and I was stupified . I used to shift into second at 20-25 , now its 35 . This mystical device gave it a very noticeable acceleration boost and even made my pipes louder , ca n't wait to see a mpg gain . Are these made by elves ?
 I recently replaced my stock air filter out of my gsxr-750 and this air filter DEFINITELY is worth the money . It is reuseable and washable which is the best part . I recommend buying a cleaner for it if you are going to indeed clean it .
 Better gas mileage on my kaw nomad bike now and it also runs better , good product will order again.very well made product
 I had a factory halogen bulb in my motorcycle . After a bit of research I bought the Silver Star bulb . The ST series bulb was much brighter and whiter than the yellow tint of the fractory bulb . Great upgrade .
 This horn sounds exactly like a Carnival Cruise ship horn -LRB- no exageration -RRB- ! You will not find a louder `` low tone '' airhorn for the money , I 've looked ! -LRB- 130dB @ 100Hz , 100-120PSI input -RRB-
 better than the one it replaced . looks good also . almost a perfect fit for the holes left by the old horn .
 I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800 , which by itself is not a slow machine . Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original , however , it was a whole different ballgame . I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor , and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I 'm sure I 'm adding longevity to the bike as well . Simple install ; fits directly in place of the stock filter . A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses .
 K&N filter are the great and worth every cent and Amazon had the best price . I pick up 2 more miles per gallon after I installed it and I opened up the air box a little also .
 K&N filter are without a doubt the finest filters for the money . Super easy to install and this filter has both increased my gas milage on my bike but most importantly it increased my horsepower . I did n't know that my bike was so responsive until l installed this filter . Worth the money !!!!!
 Great system , I have K&N in all of my vehicles but it is a pain to install on the klr 650 . it 's difficult to get the screw to line up in the little space that you have but still delivers the quality that i expected . better throttle response and a slight power increase .
 we ordered this abut a week ago arrived precisely when they said it would but not without its issues we did have some problems with shipping but with working with amazon it was quickly resolvedBut onto the good part after receiving the filters of course my husband wanted to put them on immediately in taking the bike apart you have to know what you are doing its a little hard to get to the filters a little work is involved but anything worth doing is worth doing right once the filtrers were in -LRB- by the way the instructions are very easy to see and read pictures are great -RRB- the bike instantly ran better the performance was signifacant i really love this product would recommend to anyone
 I 've used K&N filters in all my vehicles for years , and when my 2005 Yamaha FZ6 needed a new filter , I did n't hesitate . Install is easy , although it can get a bit messy with the oil spray and having to get in under the gas tank . As usual , performance is improved a bit thru better air flow vs the stock filter , and the sound is great -- a nice &#34; whoooooosh &#34; when I twist the throttle . I highly recommend K&N air and oil filters to everyone .
 It took a minute to swap out this air filter on my 2006 Suzuki 700Kingquad . I noticed an immediate difference ... The idle was improved , the accelaration was improved , and no hiccups like I was experiencing with the stock paper filters . So far , so good . K&N products are well worth the money .
 exactly what i asked for , good timing also , had absolutely no problems at all , will deal again when looking for more stuff
 Absolutely perfect experiance . Great quality product that is well packaged and has all required directions in package . Love it love it !
 I bought this K&N air filter for my 2007 KLX 250s Dual Sport . It was a little tricky getting it to fit because the outer cap bottoms out on the inside of the air-box . Also had to file down the threads on the wing-nut bolt just a little bit so the filter would seat good . Once I got it in there , I could immediately tell a difference in the increase of power . I would definitely recommend this product for the 2007 Kawasaki KLX 250s .
 Excellent filter . The installation instructions could have been a little clearer . Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to replace their original filter .
 Purchased for my Yamaha Stratoliner , and it is a perfect replacement at a great price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs same item .
 Not much issues were felt without tuning but definitely can feel the bike breathing more . Maybe tuning is next to fully maximize this mod but for something I 'll never have to replace and just clean , its great .
 Not too noticeable on a street bike , but now I have more air and clean air going in . Move tank for install .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase first because here in Brazil special parts are really difficult to find at the local retailers and the K&N ; air filter was rated way more expensive to be bought by the internet at Brazilian sites!I 'm completely satisfied with the agility and the care by the Amazon.com . Thanks to you the part arrived fast and unviolated . It feels good buying from Amazon !
 Noticed the performance difference . Floppy rubber replaces rigid plastic oem filter and seals air box . A must have for performance .
 Since replacing the factory air filers on the 2005 Yamaha Midnight Warrior 1700 with these , I have noticed a marked improvement in throttle response and fuel economy . No regrets .
 Definitely noticed an increase in power ... great product and I would definitely recommend to Honda riders ... shadow sabre . Get the recharge kit !
 Love my new K&N filter ! Very simple to install noticible performance increase . Very fast shipment . Satisfied with this product and service all around . Thanks !
 K&N products have been for me really great to have on your bikes . I ordered this K&N for my boulevard . Instantly increased my horsepower . Still waiting to see how much more my fuel mileage is . Got instant response of my motor . I love the fact all I have to do is clean my filter and it 's good to go . This is not a filter you throw away . Totally servicable and washable . Took only 5 minutes to put on my bike if that .
 The K&N Filter works great on my 04 Yamaha Warrior 350 , I can feel the difference on the power band
 What should have been 30 min in and out to pop this filter in was turned into several hours chasing tools , measuring , and trimming it to fit . After fitting it , the product is just what you 'd expect from K&N. ; But , out of the box this filter is 1/16 '' too wide and 3/16 '' too long . The filter is like a top hat . In the image you are looking at the what I 'll call the top with the K&N ; logo . The bottom edge/brim is a flange that sits on a narrow lip of the airbox . Out of the box , the flange of the K&N ; will not seat properly and seal on the lip of the airbox.Taking the stock filter and placing it flange to flange with the K&N ; and aligning one of the long ends yields the measurements above . I took a razor blade and scored a guide line to follow for material removal.The flange material is a durable plastic about 1/8th inch thick . I chose not to try cutting it . A buddy had a deburring bit for a drill . The bit is conic , about 2 '' long , and the rasp is not particularly aggressive probably designed for hardened steel . -LRB- I need to find one of these for myself -RRB- Note
 Product was well packaged and all parts needed for install . The only thing is they packaged the wrong instructions for installation . K&N has a great website that allows the buyer to download the instructions . They thought of everything for you to install , such as longer screws , hose etc. . Fit perfect .
 What I like about this filter besides the added performance is the fact that it is reusable . That means you never have to buy another filter again . It is also covered by K&N ; 1 million mile warranty . I would suggest going on K&N ; website and filling out the warranty form -LRB- left side on their site close to the bottom click on warranty then scroll down to the bottom and click on the form link -RRB- just in-case you might want to be covered by the warranty . They suggest cleaning the filter every 50k miles that also depends on your driving conditions . I useK & N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeezeto clean my filter .
 I ordered the K&N PL-1003 Air Filter for my 2012 Polaris Sportsman 500 H.O. Shipping was quick , and packaging was adequate . I hate paper filters and have been trusting K&N for years . This product will not disappoint . I am very pleased with this product .
 Love the K&N air filters . ca n't beat them for the price a lifetime filter.I have them in all my vehicles .
 All right , Adjust well on the bike , however I think the original has a best presentation and even better fit , I should clarify that there is nothing wrong with this device and it is too early to assess its performance , is currently installed and working well in general I have no complaints .
 This is a first step toward stage 1 along with a slipon pipe . Consider going to the barons or patrick racing air intake mods for the Strat/RL/Warrior .
 The product description was accurate . Everything I hoped it would be . Install was easy and it fit like a glove . I can definitely feel a increase in performance . There 's no going wrong with this air filter .
 was on time package good it was as discribed in add it was beautiful i was very pleased with is product
 Great price and excellent shipping ... arrived on time and very happy with the fit/install on my son 's Polaris 300 . It was easy enough that he helped out . Good times
 This k & n filter fit my klr 650 like a charm also made my exhaust sound deeper and a lil more hp would recommend it easy install less than 5 min !
 This is a wonderful find My motorcycle takes this particular filter -LRB- without mods -RRB- which no paper filter can compare thank you Amazon for carrying this filter .
 The air fliter on my husbands bike was so bad -LRB- he just bought it used but previous ower have n't changed it since brought new -RRB- that he had to get new replacement . he looked everywhere but all were so high that we just could n't afford it ... that was till we found one on Amazon . I strongly recommend this product for the price and quality .
 Great replacement air filter from K&N that is reusable so it is a `` Green '' product that gives your engine more air flow for increased power .
 The car runs better and there are less of times where I have to replace my air filter . I like the way the air flows easier so there are less jumping for air when you give the car the gas pedal ...
 Installed about 100 miles ago . The previous filter was installed by the previous owner . There are about 20k miles on the bike and even if the previous filter was installed when new , it was filthy ! I like the air flow on this one and there seems to be a slight increase in torque as the engine is breathing better . I will see how the filter stands up to a cleaning in about 2k miles when the next oil change is due .
 I took a chance on buying one of the `` used '' products that was listed for $ 16.39 . In the back of my head I was hoping that it was just an opened box item that they could n't sell as new and I was right ! The box was kind of beat and opened and had a UPS sticker on it , but inside was a brand new/sealed K&N ; filter . I ordered this filter and the K&N ; cleaner kit for another $ 10 + to get the free shipping and like ordering from Amazon Fulfillment , anything over $ 25 gets free shipping . I live about 150 miles from the closest fulfillment center so shipping varies from next day to 3 days . I got this in 2 days . So far I 've had nothing but excellent luck when buying `` Used - Like New '' from Amazon . They 've either been `` new '' or I could n't tell if it 's been used and I 'm perfectly fine with this.This K&N ; filter fits nicely in the stock C50T airbox . At first it seem like it was too larger as the chrome cover did n't quite fit back on once the filter was in place ; However , I decided to try and put the screws back in the tighten down the cover and everything snapped into place . Perfect fit .
 Very happy w/the product and the shipping service . This filter sells for more at most other sights . Would reccommend this to people I know .
 I only use K&N filters for all of my vehicles . The air filters do add power and increase gas mileage . They also save money over time because they never need to be changed .
 I noticed that after I changed my filter , my bike seemed to be breathing better and really accerates to the redline quicker . K&N is one of the best and this is cheaper than at my local bike shop , I use them in all my machines now . It is Economical when you buy two or more over the long haul , good protection from dirtst and du , especially where I live where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 Ordered this as a gift for a buddy of mine . Only thing that sucked was shipping took longer than the `` one day shipping '' special that was offered . Overall product was great ! Had bought it for a 03 ' Honda Shadow ACE 750 and immediatly felt a difference .
 works great , easy to install , fit perfectly in air box . to install on none touring model with mock tank you open door to gas cap.remove all screws and 2 on front of tank . be careful , tank is 2 seperate parts . lift up instrument panel.slide tank apart a little , remove screw , lift out filter , put in new , put in screw , slide tank parts back in place , insert instrument panel , run screws back in . It is a good idea to have someone help you by holding the instrument panel up out of the way due to wires attached and so you dont scratch the tank . Also , when removing screws , look out for washers , so when you lift instrument panel , you dont lose them or drop them in the gas filler tube , because gas cap must be removed .
 Works great , perfect replacement fit for Yamaha 1100 custom . Have not noticed any power inprovement . Just nice to have a good one that will last forever .
 If this air filter was used it was not for very long . It was in its orignal box and plastic bag it also had a k & n sticker . I am very happy with my purchase I paid 40 $ for a 68 $ filter . And shipping was fast .
 its a different shape than the stock filter for my 82 ' xv750 but the holes line up fine and it fits well in my airbox , i definitely notice the increased performance from better airflow , and its reusable
 The price for this filter -LRB- $ 31.00 -RRB- was less than the OEM paper filter you have to replace every 6000 to 7000 miles . And the beauty of K & N filters is when dirty you just wash it with K & N cleaner & water & just let air dry , then reoil with K & N filter spray oil . Also the filter will probably out live your bike .
 I bought this for my Suzuki Boulevard C50 because I wanted a washable filter that lasted a long time . I heard people talking about how a K&N filter gave them extra power . I did n't really believe all that , but after I installed this filter on my bike , there was a small yet noticeable increase in power . I am happy ! Extra performance on a washable filter that will last me for the life of the bike .
 I have always been a fan of K&N products . In this case it was a matter of getting a good deal , this vedor was very fast and had a great price !
 This replacement air filter is a less expensive alternative to the factory filters but it does not easily fit ; it can be made to fit but does take some doing .
 this filters are very good you can see , fill the performance change instantlymy bike performs better and sounds betterall i can say is it is a good inbestment
 My motorcycle is a California Highway Police Interceptor -LRB- 2003 Honda ST1100P3 -RRB- . It has a high performance engine and an assortment of beefed-up components for Police Service . This air cleaner is a custom engineered replacement for the factory part . It delivers a high volume of filtered air to the fast revving engine . On top of that you can clean and service the filter ; it so you only need to buy it once . The supplier I located using Amazon provided the best price by a large margin and excellent shipping .
 The stock filter on my Kawasaki is a lifetime filter , but at 16 or 17 years old the plastic frame cracked . This filter was not much more than buying a regular aftermarket filter with shipping and has an easier cleaning process . Well maybe the cleaning process is not easier , but the K&N ; process is well defined with the cleaning fluid and refreshing oil . A cleaning kit adds to the cost , but then it can be used on any K&N ; filter.A plus with Amazon , shipping is fast , while I 've had to wait over a week for parts from an online motorcycle parts retailer .
 Got my filter really quickly . Does not come with the oil that you need to put on the filter , and i didnt see that on the listing . Fortunately , my dad had some extra in his garage . Fit perfectly on my bike , took only 5 minutes to replace the old one and now my bike is running great and able to breath . Filter is much better than the OEM filter that the bike came with .
 PROS : This is my third K&N ; Air Filter . I bought this one for my 83 VF1100C Magna . I also have one on my 96 VF750CD Magna . If you buy one of these and have carbs rather than FI you will more than likely need to re-jet since this allows a lot more air through than a stock air cleaner . Most Every thing that K & N makes is top notch.CONS : The only disapointment on this was it was not pre-oiled like all the other K&N ; Filters I have bought . You need to spend the time & ? mess ? to oil this prior to installation & use .
 Came in quickly and can tell a difference from the paper stock air filter . Just make sure you read the instructions when putting it on your bike .
 Good fit , really did not notice any increase of power . The filter on a conours 14 '08 is on the left side . Remove left plastic and electronic relay bracket , lift rubber flap on frame just below the fuel tank and there it is . good luck !
 I replace my old air filter with this new KN&N filter and the bike can breath a lot better . The bike responds is a lot quicker and it does n't hesitate to accelerated
 Got the oil filter and air filter to my door cheaper than just buying the air filter anywhere in Canada . Retailers here often charge two or three times as much for the same part . I did have to cut about 3/8 '' off the little tab for a perfect fit on the KLR650 2011 . But that is normal for these things .
 Throttle response fantastic major improvement over stock I have k & n ; air filters on everything withK & n ; you ca n't go wrong I recommend this product a + +
 I bought this for my 05 R6 basically hoping to pickup some performance over the washable OEM in the 05 . The best thing about this filter is the fact that it replaces the crappy OEM O-rings and the plastic separator in the air box . The fit is tight , simple , and secure which is important on any Ram Air system . Basically this system seals much better than the OEM so the risks of loosing some air force is reduced . The bike seems like it has more torque , but that is n't dyno proven my me . All in all I debated whether to buy this , and I 'm glad I did .
 When buying K&N ; filters , you can not go wrong . Add the excellent Amazon 's prices , fast delivery and you get an unbeatable deal.Very happy with the purchase .
 I went wit a K & N because of their ridiculous million mile gaurantee . I live in the desert so air filters get real dirty , real fast and I figure the $ 77.00 price was less than what I would be spending on lower quality air filters . I did extensive web searching , for a lower price , could not find it cheaper anywhere , $ 107.00 was about the average everywhere else .
 I put this little magic air filter in my Vulcan 800 Classic and I was stupified . I used to shift into second at 20-25 , now its 35 . This mystical device gave it a very noticeable acceleration boost and even made my pipes louder , ca n't wait to see a mpg gain . Are these made by elves ?
 I recently replaced my stock air filter out of my gsxr-750 and this air filter DEFINITELY is worth the money . It is reuseable and washable which is the best part . I recommend buying a cleaner for it if you are going to indeed clean it .
 Better gas mileage on my kaw nomad bike now and it also runs better , good product will order again.very well made product
 I 've used the K&N ; products in my vehicles for years and decided on using it in the motorcycle as a replacement to the stock Yamaha air filter . Being in Southern California , it seemed to get dirty pretty quickly and it just makes sense to replace it with a cleanable filter like I use in my truck.The fitment is perfect and required just a few minutes to install . A great product that I would definitely recommend .
 This is a fine filter , probably one of the best . Naturally it fits , that 's how it was manufactured . I do have a little problem with oiling the thing though . It is hard to not put too much oil on the filter when cleaning and using the `` oil-in-the-bottle . '' It takes forever to drip out to the point that you can install it and then not suck oil into your engine . I am going to get the spray-on cleaner kit and hope that works better next cleaning . It 's a little pricy but hey , it is more than likely the last air filter you will ever need to purchase .
 This is a great deal on a well known air filter . Anyone who is a gear head knows who K&N is . Ca n't beat the price either . To get a superior air filter that will help your bike breath better for only $ 15 more than a stock OEM filter is a no brainer . Came fast and fit perfectly . My only complaint is that no where on the box does it say its already oiled and ready to go . Had to find that out on the internet . Otherwise I had no regrets .
 I installed this on a 2005 Vulcan 800 . It fit perfectly and it immediately made a difference in the bikes performance . Not anything huge but the engine ran smoother and I had fewer of those cold hiccups first thing in the morning that this bike has always had . My gas mileage increased slightly too . No carb re-jetting required . I kept everything else stock .
 after reading about k & n i bought one . I really did n't expect anything really but i did need an airfilter anyhow . WOW , something simple like that has made a difference in power and sound . Dont get me wrong , , , it 's not crazy different but it did shock me a little . i am sold on this type of high performance airfilter and would buy again .
 I recently purchased this air filter for my 2002 Shadow ACE 750 and instantly noticed a difference . The bike responds a lot faster and the increased air flow alows the bike to feel less `` forced '' . I install K&N products in all my vehicles . There is a notable difference without having to remove stock air box .
 K & N Max air flow . Put one of these on my wife 's Suzuki and had to plug one of the vents . Engine ran too lean . So much less constriction than a regular filter . Put one on my Honda VXT and the bike has a little more pep .
 Excellent quality merchandise in perfect shape.Packaging was perfect for the items.Excellent delivery time.Exactly the part I order and wanted at the nice price I would pay.Would order again .
 This review is not so much about the product but about Amazon . I was amazed to find the motorcycle parts I needed through Amazon . It has truly become my one stop shopping place online . The price was the best I could find and the delivery was as they stated . The product is something I was already familiar with and the quality is excellent . I truly do not have to shop around just enter it in the search no matter how obscure the product you are looking for .
 This filter fit my stock air box fine . I do not know about any real horsepower gains . It will be interesting to dyno the bike to see if it made any measurable improvement .
 I replaced my old stock air Fiters in my 2004 Suzuki Marauder VZ800 to Increased the horsepower & performance . I felt the a major in incress Increase in power
 What can i say , you ca n't go wrong with K&N ... fits great and works great . Cheaper than always buying paper filters
 On a recent dualsport ride on my BMW R11550GS , I filled my airbox with dirty water during a water crossing . The snorkle shot enough water at the paper airfilter to push it out of the way and allow the airbox to fill with dirty water . I drained the airbox a few miles later , but obviously the wimpy OEM paper filter needed to go . The K&N is much more robust than the OEM filter and made of material that should resist water much better than paper . Time to go back to the dirt for more creek crossings !
 Recently purchased a 2007 Yamaha FZ6 with 10K on it . Previous owner used it as a commuter , as am I. Regular maintenance schedule said to replace the air filter so I looked and found the K&N on Amazon for less than the OEM filter . Drops in easily and improved performance and throttle response is definitely noticeable . Would absolutely recommend this item . Ride On !
 I bought this for my 2011 BMW G650GS and have no complaints . The installation was smooth and everything fit as it should . Do n't forget to install the foam restrictor if you 're not going to get a custom tune ! It 's nice that this was thought of and included .
 This product really allows my suzuki gsxr to breathe better - Its a great item and i will be sure to recommend you to other bike riding friends of mine .
 Perfect filters for my rejetted carbs and my stock pipes that i have removed the baffles on . The engine runs so good now .
 2010 Honda Goldwing very good price for a performance filter that can be washed and reused . Plus I believe that K&N filters flow more air .
 Fit just right and got better gas mileage . Easy to in stall and maintain . Now if I could find a cheeper exhust system .
 K&N filters are rated # 1 for a reason . My mechanic recommends and uses them in his own vehicles . Will find filters that fit my truck .
 Better Airflow and nice intake sound make this a definite add to my Concours . I will add a fuel controller and new exhaust and it will increase power and MPG ...
 I have K&N filters installed on all my vehicles . The increased horse power may not be noticeble in some cases , but at least you can save a few bucks on replacing the paper filters every once in a while .
 Bike runs normal before was too rich , even the choke works wheer before the chock would kill the bikei have better millage as well
 product fit and performed as expected and price was also good.I replaced the oem filter with this one and rejetted carbuerator which was neccessary . bike has more power in high gear .
 Replaced the stock air filter on my Suzuki GS500 with this . Very easy swap in about 15 minutes . Great price for a high performance filter .
 Had a K&N Air Filter on my 2004 Honda 599 -LRB- Hornet -RRB- , and liked both the slight performance increase , and the sound the intake makes now . Well , after getting my 2006 VFR800 VTEC , I figured it could n't hurt . It did not ! It seems the bike runs a little smoother , and sound and performance are much better , especially after the second set of valves kick in at about 6400 RPM . And as said by `` Brock '' , it does make more sense to not have to buy a new filter every time , plus I actually got it for less money than what Honda was charging for the OE filter .
 I do n't have much experience riding my Suzuki Savage with the stock air filter , and the one it had when I got the bike was in really bad shape . I at least know that this one is a huge improvement .
 Time to replace the air filter for my cycle so I decided to try online instead of dealer and picked this high performance air filter . Shipment was very fast . Very easy to install . I would recommend this product and this Seller .
 The K&N Replacement Filter for the Road Star is a medium difficulty shade tree mechanic task . I call it medium only because the Road Star 's filter box is not the easiest to remove and most people will need a long-nose plier to get the breather hose off the back of the filter box . The K&N filter has well over twice the `` breathable '' surface area of the stock Yamaha filter and the oiled fabric of the K&N flows a lot more air per square inch than the stock paper filter . The difference is immediately noticeable at idle - the bike no longer feels like it 's gasping for breath as it idles . The difference is even more noticeable when riding - the bike pulls harder and smoother from idle all the way through the power band , accelerates more crisply , and does n't surge like the stock filter did . For riders who keep the stock exhaust or go with a moderately higher flow after-market system , the K&N Replacement Filter offers all the air flow needed . I 've used K&N for years and will always replace the stock air filter with a K&N when one is available .
 Works great on my 2007 Honda Sabre ; I did a holesaw mod upto the cat on my stock pipes ; dropped this in & WOW ! RUMBLE & POWER . May need to adjust fuel mixture now or rejet .
 Got exactly what I asked for , in new , off the shelf condition in a reasonable amount of time . I would definately reccomend this vendor .
 it 's for my 2000 ZX7R - came in within 3 days after i ordered , free shipping . item fits perfect in the air box housing . i did notice the difference on response and sound . mileage improvement , if there are any , is not on the list of reasons why i bought this . let 's put it this way , i drive/commute approx 54 miles -LRB- 1 way -RRB- with a lifted 88 suburban before i got the bike , i was happy i got this crotch rocket . engine vibration seems to be less , slight difference but enough for me to notice . i would recommend this product , better yet , K&N ; products to all riders and divers out there.safe riding ladies and gents - GO ARMY !!
 fast delivery - works well - i am very happy with the product - would reccomend for atvs - preforms much better than stock
 Fit perfect , did not have to modify the airbox or anything . Came ready to use right out of the box . It IS a K&N brand filter exactly as advertised .
 K&N has long been a favorite of mine , when it came time to change the air filter on my motorcycle , the choice was simple . The product took about 2 minutes to install and while I ca n't substantiate the HP or fuel mileage increase , I can tell you the acceleration right off the bottom is noticeable immediately . If you switch your filter , this `` lifetime '' replacement is a `` must have '' !
 Fitment is good , would be excellent if it had a tab for the stock clip to hold it in place . I bent the tab to help hold it while putting the cover on.Have used K&N ; filters in all my bikes they work well and are easy to clean and oil .
 it really made a difference in power and no more backfiring , works great last a life time with proper maintenance
 i first tried to save a few dollars buying a competitors air filter ; not a good idea ! fitment was a problem ; so i had to return the product and wait of course a couple weeks for co -LSB- bike bandit -RSB- to receive the filter/log it in/inspect it/and then send my purchase back to credit card / -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks ! i purchased a k & n filter from AMAZON ; received it , installed it be-fore -LSB- bike bandit ever acknowledged receiving the other one ! SO ; BUY A NAME BRAND PRODUCT -LSB- QUALITY !!!!! -RSB- from someone who ships their product immediately ! MY MISTAKE SHOULD BE YOUR BLESSING !
 I bought this for my 1996 Kawasaki Ninja ZX600R 1 year ago had no problem installing item and most of all I did not have to re-jet the carbs . Look out and hold on !!!! That is how much of a difference this filter makes !!!!!
 Excellent product for your bike . It makes such a difference in the breathing of the bike , the minute I started it up I could hear and feel the difference . No longer sluggish when we give it gas at a low RPM . Excellent price too !
 Arrived in perfect condition , you can definitely feel the difference from the OEM filter . 1000 % recommended .
 K&N is the best , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I use K&N air filters on all my vehicles , to include my FJR1300 . All have offered better performance than the stock filters . I must say that they MUST be maintained properly to get optimal performance , and not damage intake components . Most folks over oil these filters or do not clean them properly . If the manufacture 's instructions are followed , you 'll get great performance and long-life with these filters .
 Looked all over and finially found this filter here . Lowest price anywhere . Not exactly like the original filter , but it fit fine . Have n't noticed any different in mileage yet , but only put on about about 200 miles . Like the idea , never have to buy another motorcycle filter for my bike , ever . Recieved it very fast from Amazon Thanks , Jim
 Makes more sense to have a reusable filter for my 2003 VFR800a , considering it is only about $ 10 more than the Honda replacement filter , which is oiled paper . Good investment . Bike is pretty new to me , so not sure if performance has increased , only had one take of gas used on stock filter . But it is going to save money by not ever having to buy another air filter for this bike .
 way cheaper than k & n on website got it for my honda vtx 1300 c and looks like exact fit yet to put it on sense its winter fast shipping as well !
 Removed factory installed air filters . They had six thousand miles on them . Installed K&N filters that have a lot more filter area . Run bike and could tell new filters were a real help making more horsepower .
 excellent great purchase thanks + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 cant wait to see what difference it makes . I have had k & n in many applications before , nothing like it around , only down falll on this piticular one is u have to drill a hole in the rubber in it . I put it on my 2002 cbr 954rr .
 You hear a lot of &#34; opinions &#34; about how much better OEM filters are than K&N. ; It 's not true . I 've have and will continue to use K&N ; for both my bike and my car.K & N ; opens the bike up , offers better compression , the bike runs cleaner and cooler as well as being completely re-usable . The filter is better built than OEM and does n't break down and get sucked into the heads.It 's just a great product and the Amazon price ca n't be beat .
 K&N Filters are the cream of the crop . I usually wait until the stock air filter has to be replaced then replace it with these high quality air filters . The bike actually runs a bit better with this less restrictive air filter .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to the stock air filter large displacement motorcycle -LRB- 113c . i. -RRB- . It is a noticeable upgrade compared to the original air filter .
 I bought this as a USED product but when opening it up realized it was actual new , just the box had been opened . Wow , talk about getting a high quality product that will save money in the long run !
 ive gotten one for my car and i didnt feel the difference.i put this one in my 2008 sportsman 500 HO and it digs off the line noticeably faster.i got it so i dont have to buy a new filter every so often , now i have the one and only one ill ever need for the lifetime of the bike and you should too
 Expensive ! That 's what a lot of people say about K&N ; filters . However , they are typically less than the cost of two OEM filters , which are not reusable . So in the long run , you can -LRB- and do -RRB- save money . However , this particular filter -LRB- BM-1205 -RRB- is no longer used in current vehicle production , so I was able to get it less than half of what it normally costs.Also , K&N ; gets a lot of criticism for `` letting in dirt '' and for `` messing up MAF 's '' . If you use it and reoil it right , it performs just as well as an OEM filter . Its when you over oil it that you start messing up MAF 's and when you do n't do any maintenance on it is when it starts letting dirt through . I 've used them in many of my vehicles over the years and have never had a problem . MY UOA 's -LRB- used oil analysis -RRB- have come out clean over the years I 've used this with minimal silicon being reported -LRB- silicon = dirt -RRB- . Also , even though many report having an increase in power/torque/MPG 's , I have not . So do n't expect to , either . But you will save some money in the long run if you intend to keep your vehicle and you service this filter as recommended .
 This filter is a direct replacement for an '05 BMW K1200R air filter , part number 13717372602 . If you check on the parts match it will tell you that it will not fit . This is not the case . Go to the K&N filter cross reference site and you will find that it does indeed fit . And by the way , there is some power gain with this filter and you will be able to hear your intake , provided you have stock exhaust . This filter will not `` seal off '' if you ride in the rain , which I do frequently . Happy riding .
 I found that the size of the holes that go through the attaching points should have been a little larger as it was very tight when you were trying to put the filter in place , it had to be forced on .
 My old bike had a similar filter in it , i purchased a K&N filter cleaner kit , cleaned the filter and my bike started to act really funky . After $ 250 at the mechanic , a new R/R , carb . clean , and almost total bike breakdown . I ordered this filter , popped it in and the bike ran like a charm . The order only took a few days to arrive and packaging was unopened .
 I really like washable / re-usable filters on all my vehicles and power-sports equipment . They just make good sense , last forever , and cleaning is far more efficient than a paper filter.The local Honda dealer wanted as much for their paper filter as this K&N ; costs , which made the switch to a permanent filter a no-brainer ! Buy a new filter every 12K miles , or simply wash and re-charge this one every 50K ! The filter was an exact fit , and even came with K&N ; stickers to mount on the outside of the filter housing , as well as a WARNING sticker to alert dealers/maintenance personnel that they are NOT to remove / change / exchange this filter , EVER.After installing this filter , I noticed smoother acceleration , and more power as I reached speed . I took a 400 mile trip on my Sabre this past weekend , and reaped the benefit of gaining 2-3mpg as well ! You ca n't go wrong with installing one of these on ANY vehicle !
 Love my new filter it is an exact fit and has improved my fuel mileage a great deal . It was easy to install , was shipped quckly
 I purchased this filter right after purchasing my used bike . It replaced what looked like the original air filter from 4 years ago . I did not notice any huge improvements in my power and really was n't looking for any . I just appreciate that the filters are able to be cleaned which definitely saves money in the long run . I was at first disappointed because I thought the air filter did n't fit , I was trying to install it at night . The next morning when I decided to give it another try I realized they ship with longer screws to compensate for the increased width of the gasket . This is the second k & n I have put on my vehicles and as long as they are affordable will be the only air filters I install on my own vehicles or recommend to friends and family .
 I already had heard that K&N made great products . But I never bought any of them till I foundmine at a very resonable price on Amazon , much cheaper than the auto parts stores and I checked them ALL . I dropped it into my Yamaha R6 and all I can say is that I have a brand new bike . Much faster off the line as well as top end power and going thru less gas while at it too . If you can find one that will fit your ride find it here add to cart then check out period . Easy install came with instructions and some K&N stickers to throw on my bike as well . Thanks Amazon for a great buy .
 installation onto the motorcycle was very easy . purchased this product because of the K&N name and I am not disappointed . this product does add a little bit more HP .
 Picked this up for my 2012 Busa . Great fit , simple change out , K&N quality . Around town theres not much difference felt , but once you hit the open road and un-wind the bike , you can totally feel the difference ... great product
 I have wanted on of these since i bought my bike and thanks to Amazon I got one at a great price . My Katana loves this new filter . Thanks amazon for saving me money
 It did n't exactly fit my 2007 Yamaha V-Max , but it is still doing its job . K&N has always been a quality product .
 No body does it better . Makes me feel sad for the rest . Baby your the best air flow , added H.P. and performance for the money period .
 Took about 2 minutes to install . I definitely noticed an increase in horsepower . I recommend this to everyone looking . K&N makes a great product
 I love it . It was easy to install and the mpg has been awesome . Great price and great results . The easy choice !
 another quality product from k & N. i replaced the original filter and this made a nice difference . always recommend this product for every vehicle .
 Your initial cost for the K&N Filter will be more than the stock filter but it does not take long to recoup your cost and actually start saving money by not replacing the stock filter as needed . It is very easy to remove , clean and condition as needed . As far as performance I have not paid much attention to that aspect as the two reasons stated above are enough to sell me . If it improves performance , efficiency and longevity then that 's a bonus .
 Fitted straight in , packed well , great price , K&N makes quality products as you would expect , no issues recommending this item .
 The butt dyno ca n't tell a difference and my mpg is unaffected . But it 's a high quality re usable filter that will save $ $ over time . VTX 1800C equipped with stock pipes , stock EFI fuel management .
 The filter was exactly as identifed when ordered . It was shipped promptly and packaged well enough to protect it during shipment .
 Overall construction of this air filter is very good , better then the OEM filter , and the fit was perfect . Honda recommends changing the stock filter every 12,000 miles , a 4 hour job to change the filter on a Goldwing . K&N recommends cleaning their filter every 50,000 miles , I do n't think I 'm ready to go 50,000 miles but I 'm comfortable with 25,000 .
 Product was shipped promptly and accurately , came exactly as ordered.Price was 2/3 of what it would have cost here in Canada at my local Honda dealer.I have not put it on my bike yet but am confident from previous experience with K&N ; that it will work well and pay for itself over the life of my bike .
 Fitment is perfect on my 2011 -LRB- gen 2 -RRB- . . I know the power-gain is probably not significant enough for me to notice but it seems a little faster coupled with a slip-on . . Overall very satisfied with this air filter .
 I 've been a Yamaha guy all my life , until 2005 when I needed a commuter for living and working in Seattle , where the ferry is $ 30 roundtrip for a car , ut only $ 8 for a motorcycle . My '00 SV650 is my first Suzuki ... and I love it.It was a used buy from an engineer who wanted a track queen to trailer , ride hard , then put away until the next . It came with the K&N ; gauze filter above , so its entire life with me has been without the expensive and non-cleanable/non-reusable stock cloth air filter.Another one of our group of friends has the same year , same-spec SV , but in slightly different tune . He however chose to stick with the stock filter , modified.In the time we 've both owned our SVs , I 've just cleaned and re-oiled the filter . He 's gone through umpteen stock filters , and has to mod them everytime perfectly like the last one , which is a pain as the original SV650 has a clearance issue with the underside of the tank , and the opening to the filter , which is the opening to the airbox . The only thing about owning a K&N ; , is careful adherence to cleaning and oiling procedure -- it 's really , really easy to under/overoil . But once you learn how , it 's a snap -- just takes about an hour to allow for proper drying and oiling.I 've solved that last bit about the time lag prepping the filter ... by buying two . That way one is always clean and ready to drop in , while you can take your time and do right to the other filter . Expensive ? Perhaps ... but they always act the same , always give me the same mpg , same performance . Ca n't say the same about my friend and his adventures in Dremelling ABS plastic ... not to mention he 's spent a lot more than even the cost of two K&N s ; in five years of riding . ; -RRB- Pros
 Like I said , once it 's installed , the bike seems to love the enhanced air flow.The problem is with the fit of the metal plate over the top of the filter . Installing it into the KLR took several attempts to get right . The metal plate does n't fit naturally over the top of the filter when you screw the butter fly bolt . It wants to set in a tilted fashion - crooked . I finally realized I have to do a tricky maneuver to get the plate on with both hands evenly -LRB- one with fingers pressing toward 's the back , and the other with fingers pressing on the front side -RRB- , and then with quite a bit of force , keep it pressed on the filter while I attempt to screw the butter fly bolt on.It just seems that the plate should be a few millimeters larger so it naturally slips into place while screwing the bolt in.I 'm sure I 'll get better at it , but well designed parts should just work and not require horsing around with different techniques to get such a simple part into place properly .
 what can i say ? the product already sells itself ! if you dont have one you need to get one for all vehicles ! great air flow improved response and a quality product to protect your investment !!!
 This K&N ; air filter is a good value , and fits the 1st generation Suzuki SV650 -LRB- '99 - ' 02 -RRB- . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not come pre-oiled , so you 'll have to buy a separate bottle of oil -LRB- I recommend the K&N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze , available on Amazon -RRB- . Otherwise a good fit and does the job . Recommended .
 Dropped this in my motorcycle , and it runs great . I have a fuel injected bike with aftermarket exhaust and no Fuel Management system -LRB- Power Commander , or Juice Box -RRB- and the power band is smooth and responsive .
 Fits better than OEM , functional and best of all , it 's reuseable . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase through Amazon , always like the free shipping deals .
 The fit was perfect . Instalation was easy with the included parts . As far as prefomance it seems to have lmproved the performanceof the motorcycle .
 I recieved my k & n filter in a short amount of time . The filter has giving my bike better gas milage and more power . Very pleased !
 K&N is the only way to go . Wash it after every couple of rides . It will last a super long time and keep your bike running like a champ .
 I have used k & n filters for many years now and the quality and ease of installation has n't let me down yet . The installation took about 30 mins and it fit perfectly . I would recommend this filter for anyone who wants a quality filter that will last for the life of their motorcycle . Just do n't forget to clean the filter periodically with k & n filter cleaner and oil .
 It 's the last Air Filter you will have to buy for your Motorcycle . Easy instructions for install and maintenance.After install I can feel an increase in power and I can see greater MPG .
 K&N has one of the best products available . There is no surprises with this filter either . It fits , it works better & it will not need replacing . I have K&N air filters in all my vehicles ; and my garage and my driveway are full . OK , so I am tag renewel poor , but I wo n't have to buy paper air filters . If you keep your wheels for decades and travel miles into the 100K 's like I do , it is worth it ; if not only for the enhanced performance .
 I get the k & n filter on amazon for a gsxr 1000 and the bike just sounds great with it and the best thing this filter is for life !
 No problems installing on a late model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Suzuki GS 500 I bought . You need to remove the gas tank and hold it to the side , it 's good to have 2 people for this job . It took me a little time aligning / putting tank back on but not to bad , it 's best if you do n't have a lot of gas in the tank . You can do this job yourself fairly easily/quickly without much experience , there is a video on Y.T , a guy doing this GS 500 air filter job solo.Runs / starts much better , the existing air filter needed to be replaced , so I paid a few bucks more and got a K&N. ; Actually , this filter at the time was around $ 25 less on this site then the local M.C. store . This is the 3rd K&N ; product I 've used , my car has a K&N ; FIPK cold air intake . I 've never had any issues with their filters/intakes .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is deserving.The stock filter has foam around the periphery to seal it . The K&N ; filter uses a rubber wedge / protrusion , and fit very tight in the slot . Definitely use the supplied lube to install it . Seals really well.Also noticed the engine vibrations decreased slightly with my 2010 . Vibs from the handlebars when cruising in 6th gear at 60 MPH dropped . Now I do n't feel that level of vibration unless I drop to 4th gear at that speed . Sweet ! Also , the sale price was only $ 11 more than a replacement stock filter , and this one is a lifetime filter!Shipping was super fast too . I ordered it on a Friday with the 5 to 8 day free shipping option , and received it on Monday -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase . Even posted about it on two major forums , and dozens of members bought them -LRB- Hey , maybe I get a commission here :-RRB- -RRB- .
 I always purchase K&N air filters for every vehicle I own , I did n't know that Amazon had the best price for them . I will definitely be using Amazon to purchase all my K&N stuff in the future .
 More Power , Better sound and washable . A little bit expensive but all good things are this way
 Filter was made very good ... i felt the difference in my quad right away ... easy cleaning ... and it seemed to let the quad breath alot better .
 I have K&N filters on many of my vehicles and as always it 's a perfect fit and breathes better than anything else .
 K&N ; makes a better air filter than anything the factory will include on their bikes.It 's part of the upgrades I did to my stock Vstar 650 . Also use a quality synthetic oil , iridium plugs and Lucas top lube in the gas .
 I noticed no real horsepower gain , however I have no dynometer to prove otherwise . This filter fits in the stock location of my '95 Magna with no problems and is a good stock replacement.As a sidenote , I ca n't believe Honda designed this filter . It would be cheaper to simply have a removable element , instead of having to buy this custom shaped plastic piece . I miss the good old days when the filter was under the seat and took 5 minutes to change .
 This is my first experience with a K&N air filter ; I installed it in my 2001 model BMW F650GS motorcycle . I noticed an immediate gain in horsepower - the acceleration is significantly better than before . I have n't had a chance to find out fuel mileage gains , but that 's coming next . So far I 'll say this was money well spent .
 I like the product , but looking at how long it takes to ship it out is just way too long . I paid 10 dollars more for one just to get it in a week . Great if you 're not in any hurry for it .
 In the words of Dr. Frankenstein , `` it 's alive '' !!!! I feel as if my bike just literally came alive . It 's a 2011 Hayabusa with 638 miles . It was rediculous before but felt slightly held back like it was n't breathing correctly and had a slight backfire . After exchanging the air filter , adding Castrol Power 4 RS racing 10w40 full synthetic and a K&N ; oil filter , the bike came alive . It 's fine now ! I can feel it in the trottle.Shipping was really fast !!
 K&N has always been very reliable for me , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 well built wires for high voltage ingintion coils i u i o k h t f h n k , lk r f v c
 They fit perfect . I thought the eye holes in the mats would snap on to the buttons on my floor-board but do n't - no big deal to me and they do n't slip or move around . The thickness of the mats are super nice as oppose to the ones VW supplies that I previously had to be replaced that came with the car . I plan to get my back floor mats replaced soon with the same brand , etc. .
 Nice product looks good , I did not realize it is plastic with holes to see the actual car color , but it still looks good
 This is some of the very best polish out there . WIll make your aluminum shine like no tomorrow . I use this on my wheels on my semi and it works superb
 i love this product . on chrome , paint , and plastic , flitz has renewed my boat and antique car . it is easy to use and is incredibly effective in restoring dull finishes .
 Tried many products for fiberglass stains , metal polishing , rubber etc. on boat . This does as it says it does . Will be buying larger container on Amazon later this month . Unfortunately smaller container I bought locally to check it out before I knew Amazon carried it . Overall value for product to do such a good job .
 Good price-good fit-exactly as advertised and everything I had read and heard about the Husky liners was true . Much better protection than a floor mat-easy to remove and simply shake the dirt off . Fit my 99 4Runner like a glove .
 My husband likes them for his 4 Runner . They do fit a little over the edge . They are slippery if your shoes/sandals are wet .
 Quick delivery , as described online and good fit . This was a Christmas present for my grandson and his 10 + year old SUV . He liked it .
 A friend of mine has this , and I liked the sound so I purchased one for myself . The horn is a nice and loud deep sound , not too tinny . I mounted the trumpets in my bumper -LRB- 2001 Xterra w/aftermarket bumper -RRB- and it still sounds nice.As stated previously , the tubing leaves a little to be desired , but in the past 6 months it has worked w/o any problems . If it cracks I 'll replace it , if not it 's there to stay.I did n't use the included button or wiring , so I ca n't comment on them , but they looked like they would function just fine.The added port on the compressor , and additional spiral tubing and fittings are nice for airing up tires in a pinch .
 Very Loud Sound -LRB- not a train sound -RRB- , Easy to install , I recommend this product.Installed on Nissan Pathfinder 2005 . Compressor on front of the motor , air tank under car -LRB- floor -RRB- . Moris , South Florida .
 This horn system works well . My only gripe is the air tubing associated with the unit is very stiff and hard to work with . I will probably replace that soon . The unit is very loud , and gets good attention . A bit pricey , though . I would recommend the product
 I have this mounted under my bumper on my 88 tempo , I 'll probably get into some trouble with this bad boy. : D
 Bought the set for our RV as I was tired of the wimpy factory horn . The kit was easy to install and the horns are LOUD ! Just what I wanted . The air tank gives you the air capacity to lay on the horns for an extended period of time when needed without running out . As menitioned above the nylon tubing is stiff but this is normal of nylon air line . I heated the end of it ever so slightly with a heat gun and had no problem getting it onto the fittings . Great sound , great price .
 I am using this filter in my experimental aircraft.It seems that the starting behavior is much better and also the agility of the engine has increased.I put a cold air intake on my Jeep way back when and experienced the same then too.Love this thing .
 I bought this as a replacement for a club car utility vehicle . It seems a bit brighter than the other stock one .
 the bird chirp is more pleasant to the ear and less intrusive than the harsh and too loud ` beep beep ' . a back up alarm and a back up camera in a larger vehicle reduce the potential of a tragic accident of backing up over a small child - 50-70 such accidentseach month in the US.so far i am pleased with changing the backup alarm to theWolo bird chirp .
 A great item for those who want to reduce the sun 's rays when traveling . I keep one set in my van and one set in my car . You can even see your outside mirrors through the sun screens . I would n't be without them .
 This filter works great and replaced the OEM perfectly ! Comes with a new seal which fit correctly . Oil had never been changed since new so this was a great improvement .
 I installed a set of NGK TR6 plugs in a supercharged LS1 Corvette engine . I needed a colder plug with a smaller gap because of the added compression pressure due to the boost from the supercharger . It is running much smoother now than with the stock platinum tip plugs . I have used these plugs before in other high performance Chevy small block engines and have always been pleased with the results .
 NGK makes good plugs and I would recommend them for most Japanese made cars . Their spark plugs not much more to it .
 I fail to see why people would not simply remove them at night . If its going to block out sunlight , do n't you think it will obstruct your view at night ? Takes 2 seconds to pop off and fold back up.That said , I bought it for my C6 's targa top . Works great , and does not flap around with the windows down at least at 60mph and below . I fold it up and throw it behind the passenger seat when not in useSuction cups are not effected by the middle hump.Since it is oval it does not fit into the corners , so there is about a 1-2in rounded gap . But again its a best fit kinda thing . Length wise it fits exactly at the middle , width wise it is slightly bigger , but will conform around the rear latch .
 Definitely attracts attention when going in reverse.It does though get quite annoying to listen to in the long run.Not the best quality made product - but you get what you pay for .
 Quick delivery , good product , perfect fit , great price , no tax , free shipping , and did n't have to waste time and gas looking for it . Who could ask for more ?
 Simply the best . Product arrived quickly . I have yet to install it but there should be no problem
 These bolted right up on my 96 XJ and worked a whole lot better than the corroded old ones that they replaced . I did n't use the pads that came with it as I already had a set of EBC Greens , but the calipers were a perfect fit . Would definitely order again since they are only a few bucks more than a piston rebuild kit for the same caliper !
 The bulbs work fine , the only reason I didnt give them 5 stars is because you have to buy a two pack of bulbs when I needed only one .
 I replaced 2 third brakelight bulbs in my chevy pickup . They were easy to swap and they work .
 This PIAA bulb is good on the eyes and , looks good . Provides enough light for car interior , but is not blinding ! A little expensive but worth it ! Good quality , unlike those $ 5 ones sold on the internet ! If you want something brighter , get the 3watt PIAAs .
 Had these on my Accord for a few months . No squeaking , minimal dust . Good breaking . Bendix has always been a great manufacture of breaks parts and components .
 Exactly what I wanted . Color and quality excellent . Fit like I wanted , includes hook and loop fasteners on critical areas.Price is much lower than what I found at other sites and local stores .
 I was a bit concerned when I read reviews , but I 'm glad I took a chance . This hitch is as advertised ... no drilling was necessary for my 03 blazer LS . The information sheet I received also said that it would also work with an 04 blazer , but only 2 door models . The hitch is good quality and fits like a glove.Side note
 the hitch arrived on time as stated and it fits perfectly . Easy to install . No problems . I used my floor jack as my extra pair of hands .
 Needed a quality hitch receiver for my SUV and this was equal in price to a used equivalent in eBay . Shipping was prompt . Installation was straight forward to anyone comfortable with basic hand tools . -LRB- socket wrench , although a 1/2 '' socket is ideal vs a standard 3/8 '' -RRB- as it bolts to existing holes in the frame using heavy duty carriage bolts -LRB- supplied -RRB- An extra set of hands is not required , but greatly beneficial ; otherwise be prepared for some bruised knuckles and some colorful language . Only shortcoming to this receiver is 5 of the 6 holes lined up , but one required very minor drilling.All in all , this was a 2hr project working solo . Solid and sturdy and worth the money vs a eBay 2nd hand used hitch .
 This was easy to install on my 99 Blazer in 30 minutes . looks great , works great , towed a camper without any worries whatsoever .
 I ordered this hitch for use with a four bike carrier , as well as towing a 4 ` x8 ' utility trailer . Everything about this hitch are first class . Attractive , tubular design . Quality materials . Well-finished welds . Flawless powder coating . Well-written installation instructions . And a simple , bolt-on installation . Even the packaging and speed of delivery were great .
 The radio is a fabulous sound and video system , it 's very beautiful and the sound is perfect
 The flap arrived quickly and put to use right away . The drilled flap matched right up with the ones on the plow . Very easy installation .
 This seems to be a quality product . I sent it to my grandson since he was turning 16 and getting a car . Hope he likes it .
 I Got My Nos Decal Real Fast . This Decal Is Standard Size . I Bought This For My Mitsubishi Eclipse And It Fits Perfectly . If You Have A Honda It Will Work Just Fine . Also The Words Are Perfect Size Is Not That Big Or Small , Just Perfect .
 This works exactly as described . It bolts on to the existing linkage of the Holley carburetor with the supplied bolts and nuts and then the 700-R4 TV cable lines up with the geometry of the linkage perfectly . You will need to adjust your transmission TV cable for proper movement after install .
 Received this with the bubble pack stapled together like a bad return and bolts and nuts were not the original Holley items . Once I found the missing bolts and nuts in the box they shipped it in I was able to use this part but was not happy with the Amazon store for sending a reboxed part .
 Perfect replacement for the 10 year old original . Easy to install even without instructions -LRB- they would have been helpful in making the job a little faster but that is nit-picking -RRB- . Cost was a fraction of what the dealership would have charge without labor - so no complaints there either . Would recommend to anyone looking to replace this item on their 1999 VW Passat GLS , 5 Spd .
 worked great . exactly as described . Perfect fit . All the connectors fit just as they were supposed to . Cheaper than the factory replacement
 I lost my driver side corner light while driving down I-80 in my 2000 Passat Wagon . This replacement item ended up being just what I needed at a great price . There was an issue of getting the whole unit to attach to the car 's light assembly cord , but my husband fixed that by trimming down a bit of plastic . Other than that , no issues .
 Everything was just as I expected ! Order was delivered on time and the product is still working like a champ ! Would do it over again if I had to !
 The bars are a perfect length for the application needed . The multiple patterns are a big plus as well as the contol pad .
 For what you get I guess this kit is worth it . The spray bottle was a lot smaller than I expected , the razer blade as well . The straight razor is normal , and the squeegee is harder than I was hoping for . A hard squeegee is n't as bad as a too soft one so I will keep it . I mainly got the kit for the spray bottle and squeegee , and while somewhat dissapointed on the size and hardness of the stuff , I give it 4 stars just for the value .
 This product is dark , very dark . I used it to tint the back cap of my pick up truck . It is very hard to cut so use a very sharp razor . This is exactly what I wanted in the end a cheap DYI solution to my problem . Product works great .
 Kit was ok . . Just wanted something to start practicing with and this was sufficient . It is not a kit for professionals .
 Easy to use and clings well . Bought it to block out AM sun in a beadroom and it works perfectly . Wish it was a little wider but oh well : -RRB-
 The dashboard on my otherwise fine '93 Camry had been an eyesore for some time . Large cracks and dark discoloration affected the overall appearance of the car . After considering several make-shift coverings - and even toying with replacing the entire dashboard , I discovered DashMat . The product that arrived fit my car perfectly , and the color was an almost exact match . For about $ 30 , my car looks respectable again .
 I like the looks of the Dashmat , but I had to use more `` velcro '' than was provided . In fact , the narrow edge between the defrost vents and the windshield could really use a continuous strip . I did n't have that much , so it is a bit wavy . All in all , it still looks good - much better than the cracked vinyl dashboard underneath , but I 'm thinking that maybe I should have gone with the more expensive `` molded to exact fit '' dash cover -LRB- not sure if it is available from Amazon -RRB- . I 'm not dissatisfied though , especially for the good Amazon price .
 I am very pleased with the product , I notice on the driver side , the lip seems to fold down a bit easier than I expected , but overall very pleased .
 These mats fit like a glove . I wish they made a matching set for the back for my Suzuki Equator Pick-up . They are definitely worth the money . We just had our first snow and I 'm sure glad i have these in my truck !
 QUICK DELIVERY , GREAT PRICE , INSTALLED AND WORKED PERFECTLY . THIS PRODUT IS ALSO CALLED A CAM SHAFT POSITION SENSOR WHICH IS A BETTER DESCRIPTION FOR ITS FUNCTION THAN `` PICKUP COIL '' . THIS DEVICE IS USED ON MANY OLDER GM CARS AND TRUCKS .
 Great for four wheelers , not for semi 's . I got this mainly for my husband 's semi , but at the speeds he goes , the wind kept knocking it towards the glass and made a loud rapping noise til it finally knocked off completely . On our small truck , however , it 's great .
 Not much to say about this product , fit perfectly , two types of gaskets is provided , a little more `` bulky '' than my old one.My car is a little lowered and I have to be careful with speed bumps , if your car is dropped to the ground you might have to do some kind of alteration to the exhaust system of your car .
 Now that I live in Arizona , the blazing summer sun had heat radiating from my black dashboard.I ordered this DashMat in gray as a buffer and it 's working great.It is well made and a perfect fit for my Chrysler 300 . I 'm really happy I found/ordered it .
 Does a great job of cleaning and protecting my Hypalon tender . I have used it for several seasons and it looks like new .
 Firm texture , smells great and a nice Oaky finish.Seriously , this is anti-seize . You need to use it on bolts that are subject to high heat or other conditions that could cause them to lock in place . I also use it on spark plugs . This particular brand has a nice high concentration of zinc which makes it one of the best . It goes on easy and stays put.Zinc is preferred for dissimilar metals to keep down electrolyses.I 've used it for a while with good results .
 I used this item to install a larger alternator on an ice cream truck . It took a little `` engineering '' to get it just right but that 's because I used it for something more than it was originally designed . You would n't have known it was n't stock if it was n't chrome , but that did n't matter to me .
 excellent time saver product as expected saved me having to make it myself and got the project together ! Very Happy !
 Great Product - Great Fit . I am very pleased with this purchase . It is pressed and molded and fit my truck very well .
 Good product . My second one.Nice to have a spare on hand so that you can easily swap a dirty one for a clean one , and you 're not rushed to clean and dry it .
 I have been very satisfied with this Air Filter . The price on Amazon was great . Installation is easy , and I look forward to not having to clean it for many thousands of miles .
 Bought the hitch and Allen bike rack for my jeep liberty . The Allen rack holds 4 bike and fits with the spare tire in place . the curt hitch allows me to put on the bike rack whenever I want to go biking and with a separate ball and hitch can haul anything in a small trailer .
 This is a very well made hitch . It did n't fit perfect at first . I had to use a hammer to `` open '' it on one of the ends and then it worked to perfection . I ca n't say if that 's a mistake of the car or of the hitch . I installed it on a Jeep Liberty 2006 and at the most it took me 30 minutes .
 When I first tried to install the hitch , I thought the bolts were the wrong size too . I tried to get a bolt started in each of the holes , no luck . I was going to run out and get some different bolts as the other reviewer mentioned , but I stopped at the Jeep dealer first and they confirmed they were the correct size . They told me to get a tap and clean up the threads . Lots of rust and mud in there from being open over the years . The tap started easily , but got a little rough about a 1/4 inch up . After that , the install took 15 minutes by myslef . Looks great , hides well . My only concern is the clearance between the spare tire and the ball when installed . May have to flip my hitch over when I actually try to hook up the boat .4 stars only -LRB- well , 4 1/2 -RRB- because it did n't come with a hitch cover ... really ? Had to go get one . Cost $ 3 . If you got rust like I did , you will need this to clean the threads up : Century Drill and Tool 97319 Hexagon Metric Tap , 12.0 x 1.25
 Product looks amazing and fits perfect , i did not have to modify of cut anything . The only down side is that the fastener tape does not stick to well so it makes it hard for it to stay in place . i bought extra fastener tape and now it stays perfectly in place . Great product and does what its suppose to .
 I used this on my bedroom window which faces east because the morning sun is so strong , it really heats up the bedroom . This product cuts down the heat considerably , and it is easily removable . I ca n't say it 's that easy to put up , but that 's because I did it by myself . I recommend having someone help you , then it would be easy . You just need someone to hold the top while you work on the bottom or it keeps going crooked on you .
 I 've had these wipers on my cars for over six months now . I bought them hoping for original equipment quality without an original equipment price and that 's what I got . They still wipe like new . Much better quality & price than I 'd pay at my local auto parts store . The instructions were somewhat lacking but they were easy to install on both my Toyota and Mazda vehicles .
 this is a part that was never to be replace unless damaged but this gas we have now just eate up the metal springs and valves . the local Ford dealer thought there part was mad of gold . I found the part on amazon at the right price and quick delivery .
 Does a very job at cutting down on glare and keeping the dash clean . The only small issue with it , is I had to add some extra Velcro when I installed it .
 Brake Rotors for 1988 Taurus . AC/Delco made IN U S A !!! Perfect fit and smooth braking . Price is 30 to 50 % less than Autozone .
 the best air filter out there . million mile warranty -- better fuel economy -- never have to replace -- easy to install -- ca n't ask for more -- got a mile per gallon increase on a 90 350 motor
 This license plate looks excatly like this picture . At first , i thought that the engine heads were not going to show up on the black because they are grey , but you can distinctly see them . This is a very good item . Also , it came within 3 days after my order , way before i thouhgt it would . The packaging was perfect , there was not a scratch on the plate . I would recomend this to any harley fans .
 Nice looking sign but it 's a little flimsy but I do n't think it effect how it functions on the car .
 It is bigger then the last filter I had on my car . This made it a little difficult to fit in the clamp , but it fit in there and works fine . Change these or check them every 20k miles !!! Otherwise you risk wearing out your fuel pump which is about $ 300 , time consuming to put in and could leave you stranded .
 Perfect fit ! Just like the AC Delco . Easy to install , no special tools required . Filters the gas as expected , no problem .
 I was having a problem with my old starter not engaging each time , it would miss every fourth or fifth time . I installed this rebuilt starter and so far , I have had no problems.The AC Delco Starter seems to be a better quality one then the one I had on there . Hopefully , I will get many years of service from it .
 works great , needed to make a right angle turn to reduce the space by 2 '' for the hose for the washer when I put a larger washer in the washer dryer closet
 Purchased this product because my deck sits too close to my water spout and I would always have a hard time hooking and unhooking my hose . I have had no problems with it since I have owned it last year .
 I was a bit concerned as to the quality of this injector with all the other costing alot more . What a pleasant surprise when my Jeep fired right up after the installation . 5 stars absolutely .
 Ordered this along with the NGK TE41 wire set and a distributor rotor -LRB- also by BeckArnley -RRB- , for my 320k '96 Corolla . Grouped all three items for free shipping and received them in two days -LRB- KY to GA -RRB- . All turned out to be great quality products , made in Japan -LRB- though according to their website the company uses various vendors -RRB- that I would highly recommend !
 It would be a nice value add to include the actual light bulbs . It also would be nice to come with a manual . Other than that , it 's exactly what it says - a perfect replacement part .
 I needed an affordable practicle cover to keep the elements from attacking my pride and joy.So far this cover is doing the job . It is hard to wash because you ca n't dry it in the dryer . But that 's no biggy and you have to let the bike cool down first or risk having to try to get burnt fabric off your pipes and other hot areas.It does cover the bike good though , I have a Kawasaki Vulcan 1500 cruiser with saddle bags and windsheild and it covers it down to the ground.Speaking of which it is a bit difficult at my age to fasten the bungee cords to the grommets I have to get on my knees , but then it does keep it from blowing off during really bad storms.So all in all for the money , it is a nice cover.If I could afford a better one I would get it but I just ca n't afford it right now.J.D . live to ride and ride to live !!!
 Bought this cover someplace other than Amazon back in November . I have an outdoor covered area for the bike , so sunlight exposure is not a big issue . It has been parked in sunlight on occasion , including light rain , with no ill effects . Generally , I love this cover . It is light weight , seems pretty well made , and fits my Honda Goldwing GL1500SE like it was custom made . The ease of use for this cover is nothing short of amazing . There are heavier covers available , but I have found that if it is a struggle to cover a boat , motorcycle , etc. , the cover usually does n't get used all that much . I you are looking for long term storage , a heavier cover may be the way to go . But , for everyday use , you can not beat the fit , and ease of use for this one . It has heavy duty material near the exhaust pipes area to prevent burns , and an anti-scratch material near the windshield . The elastic material around the bottom edge keeps it fitting like a glove . Rate this A +
 Nice construction , have had this product for about 2 years now , and no obvious wear and tear . Fits my '02 Honda 919 quite well.Would recommend this product to friends.Hope this helps somebody .
 I bought one of these covers for my Suzuki cruiser 4 years ago . Used it nearly every day in the sun , rain , and salt air . It finally began to wear thin from over-use . I 'm ordering a replacement today . It 's a * great * cover , light weight and sturdy .
 This is a great cover for the price . I have it on a Honda Shadow 500 . I am very pleased ! Fast delivery also .
 I bought this for my Honda Silver Wing -LRB- 600cc -RRB- . Fits nice , wo n't blow away , and provides good protection against the elements . I 'd recommend it .
 Great cover at a good price . Covers my Yamaha Virago perfectly , but a note when I bought it said this cover had been rated as a `` medium '' and was now a `` large '' and this might make a difference to those with larger bikes .
 I was very satisfied with the cover as well as the time it took to receive it .
 A good deal , in a nice bike cover . It 's big . It 's used for a Honda 250 and it can cover 1.5 of the bike .
 This is an excellent buy and a great cover . It fits my bike great . Also has a storage bag so you can take with you on trips . Excellent price .
 Good cover , protects from sun , rain , dust . Though you have to wait for bike to cool down before using it . Good value for the money . I have used it everyday for more than month in FL outdoor weather and it held good .
 This was fantastic it arrived at my door quickly and I avoided a trip to that damn dealer , not to mention saving money.Fits just like the one that came out seems to be working great on my second one , and still getting great mileage .
 The Fitment and Quality was Very nice , no leaks . The only issue , if you want to call it an issue , is the E.O. number is not stamped on the Headers , -LRB- Only a California issue -RRB- they give you a sticker to place some where in the engine compartment which JBA tells me it does work in CA .
 All I can say is
 Great product ! I just renewed the roof rack on my Honda Pilot ! My Yamaha Cycle likes it too ! However , it lists for $ 6.95 from most other sources .
 This stuff works great on just about any trim . I used it on my car , RV , quads , and just about any other piece of trim I could find . It lasts much longer than other cleaner/protectants like Armor All . Black Again is not a spray , its wipe on with an applicator , and has more of a gel-like consistency , and a little goes a long way .
 I was struggling with other products to restore my black trim on my Acura . I tried multiple products including Back to Black . Nothing really worked well , and if it did it din ; t last . So I was skeptical with Black now but had nothing to lose but $ 10.00 if it did n't work . This stuff flat works , and works great ! I had a couple really tough spots that I used peanut butter first on , but for the most part Back to Black was easy to use and gets better when in sunlight .
 Just like ... described good . The only thing I did n't like that the velcro was n't sticky enough . Had to go to walmart and purchase my own velcro
 My 2001 Camry had about 150k miles on the odometer when I replaced the fuel filter . After installing this replacement , the car now starts up quicker and has better throttle response . Great replacement for a worn out stock fuel filter .
 What can you say about a license plate frame?Well , this one is really well made . The quality shines and it just looks good , even when it is n't clean.The screw caps are a nice add in . Gives it a professional look .
 I used this on a 1987 Ford 460/7 .5 L with the Motorcraft/Holley 4180 . All the carb parts fit perfectly - Holley does n't skimp on quality . BUT , my sealed package was missing the two float valves -LRB- I had spares , and HAD to get this job done , so I did not complain to Amazon . I 'm sure they would have replaced it -RRB- . FYI , the EGR plate-to-manifold gasket Ford requires is special for this engine , and any parts store should have it . Also , know this kit does NOT include the idle mixture screws and main jets -LRB- in case yours are damaged or missing -RRB- . Instructions are brief but accurate . Overall , I 'm happy . Amazon saved me a little money , delivered quick , and except for the float valves , I still trust Holley 100 % to provide the correct parts for their carbs .
 WHEN THEY SAY RENEWAL , THEY MEAN IT !! Holley 3-1346 Carburetor Renew KitI must say this though , if you are not experienced with rebuilding carbs , then leave this to someone who is or buy one already built because this is a LOT more than just a few gaskets !!!
 This brake rotor fits my 86 intruder perfect . It was a good price for a well made part . It took a long time to be shipped was the only trouble .
 I ordered 2 ATV Live Axle Hubs to use on my 22 HP gokart project . These things are as solid as a rock . I 've broken a few other parts , but these hubs are holding up to everything I 've thrown at them . Thanks for a great product !
 I initially purchased this for my saw mill . All thou I had to drill out the 1 '' hole all the way thru the hub due to the fact that the weld prevented a total axle pass thru this is a great buy .
 I was able to install this setup on my 08 Ranger in less than 10 minutes . I took out the bolts closest to the front of the vehicle holding the bumper , loosened the other bolts on main support and removed the screw tabs . Next , I put the new hitch up in place with the spare tire still as is . The new hitch actually rested nicely on the side to side stabilizer bolts for the bumper . I was able to screw in the new hitch without any assistance and without much struggling . The hardest part was loosening the old bolts.This could EASILY be done by anybody with a socket wrench and half a brain.A + on towing . I loaded down a trailer today with the hitch in place . It appeared to distribute the weight efficiently and it actually seemed the extra weight of the trailer smoothed out my ride . Over all , I am very impressed.Don ' t forget to get a LOCKING hitch bolt , people seem to be stealing them off other peoples trucks these days . *** UPDATE *** Coming up on 2 years of owning the receiver . There is no visible rust or deformities in the receiver or any problems . I have n't used it all that much , but I 'd still stand by it as a solid product .
 After reading several reviews for older models of the Ford Ranger , I figured it would be a simple job to install . The hardest part was breaking the two bolts holding the bumper to the frame , after that is was a breeze.You only have to remove the rear bolts and loosen the front bolts that hold the bumper bracket to frame . Remove the rear bolt clips and then install the receiver . My sons helped with aligning and starting the nuts onto the provided bolts while I held the receiver in place . All required hardware was provided . I think the total installation time was about 30 minutes . I did not have to drill holes to complete the assembly , but I think other vehicle models may require this.It is well made with strong welds . Looks good with the rounded tube steel .
 Installed the receiver in about 30 minutes on my 2004 Ford Ranger . Fits great . Looks great . Quality/welds were excellent . Highly recommend product .
 Installed on my 07 ranger today , bolted right on . Had to take the spare off to give me some work room . To install , remove spare , loosen front step bumper bolts , remove back step bumper bolts and clips in the frame . use supplied washers nuts and bolts to finger tighten the hitch to the bottom of the frame . Tighten and put the spare back . some frames need to have the front hole drilled , mine didnt.This thing is made from a big beefy piece of bent tubing , awesome welds and paint . Dont spend the extra money for a reese hitch . This one is top notch in my book .
 A load binder or two makes install an easy 1 man , 30 minute job . It looks so much better than the square tube type , between that and the open receiver end , I 'm figuring that it will collect less road debris and be less likely to rust as well . Has no trouble pulling a trailer !
 The receiver is made with heavy construction and nicely finished , and included all the hardware needed . The instructions show a simple enough install where you just remove two existing bolts from the frame and fit the receiver , then drill two new holes using it as a template , something that should take 20 minutes or less with the right tools.Unfortunately for me , even though my truck was listed for compatibility , the factory tow hook was in the way and I could n't install the receiver without removing it . The tow hook is secured high up on one of the frame rails with three difficult to reach bolts , and also attached to a strut bolted to the bumper assembly with the bolt tack welded in place . Only once it was removed could I follow the original instructions and everything was fine , just took much longer due to the hook .
 My Curt 13138 Class III Receiver shipped fast -LRB- and free -RRB- . Installation on my 03 Ford Ranger Edge went very smoothly . There were 4 bolts holding the rear bumper on and I only had to remove and replace 2 bolts with the supplied bolts . I did need to losen the other 2 bolts holding the bumper so I could remove the speed nuts clipped to the frame for the 2 bolts removed . You may need to use a breaker bar to loosen the bolts . I held the receiver up and my nephew started the nuts on the bolts . After that I installed the other 2 bolts that fit perfectly through holes already in the frame . All holes on the receiver mathced up with the ones on my truck . The hardware kit included a set of spacers to make up for the bumper braket . Tighted up all 4 of the new bolts and the other 2 I loosened for the bumper and I had a strong receiver on my truck . Price was excelent , quality was A1 , installation a snap ! I 'm happy .
 Installation was a breeze , only four bolts . It sits under the bumper nicely . I have n't used it for towing yet , but it seems like it could handle anything that my 4cyl Ranger could .
 this is my first curt hitch . removing it from the packaging , it is a beast . very sturdy unit , tubular frame design , and looks like it will pull a mountain . the powdercoating should last a lifetime on this hitch . this unit bolts right up as promised . the written directions are a good guide , but the pictured direction is what you should use to install this unit . the written directions talk about using a spacer on the rear most bolt . you would think the rear most bolt would be closest to the bumper of your vehicle . nah . it 's the bolt towards the front of your vehicle . you have to lower your spare to install this hitch , but can real it back up into place once you 're done . this was the deal maker for me !!! once the hitch is installed , it looks great ! it sits about 3/4 '' under the bumper , and sits in about the same from the outside of the bumper . so if you do n't have a reciever installed , there is nothing for your knee to catch on walking around your truck . -LRB- mine installed on a 2003 ford ranger extended cab -RRB- i would recommend this hitch in a heart beat . simple install , great looks , and sturdy design . win-win-win !!!
 Bolting things up to an 11 year old truck can sometimes be problematic , but in this case not an issue . Curt delivered a nice looking , beautifully finished hitch that installed with no problems on my '99 Ranger . The instructions were model-specific and accurate , and it 's engineered in a way that required no drilling - it attached using only factory holes with the supplied high-quality hardware.The powdercoat finish on the hitch seems durable and well applied , and overall I suspect it will probably outlast the truck.Amazon 's deliver was * amazing * . With `` free '' Prime shipping , it was at my door approximately 24 hours after ordering , which is pretty impressive for a big , awkward chunk of steel .
 Hitch was very easy to install . The spare tire was in the way so I dropped it down installed hitch than I tightened spare tire . Works fine !
 I bought this receiver for my Ford Ranger and it was a quick and hassle free installation . It fit perfectly and appears to have a quality finish . The only issue anyone may run into with this installation -LRB- and maybe others -RRB- is with a bumper bolt which must be removed . Mine were rusted into the special Ford clip style nuts requiring cutting the bolt off and cutting the clip . It was n't much of an issue for me since I have a well equipped garage but others may not be as fortunate . Not the fault of the receiver but something one should be aware of when installing any hitch on an older vehicle . If it was n't for that , the hitch would have been installed in less than thirty minutes .
 This is a very easy hitch to install . It looks good and seems to be well built . It looks great on my Red Ford Ranger Edge Four Wheel Drive pride and joy truck .
 I ORDERED THIS RECEIVER TUES MORNING AND IT WAS DELIVERED THURS EVE.THAT IN ITSELF IS AMAZING -LSB- NOT MUCH THESE DAYS SURPRISES ME ! -RSB- THE RECEIVER IS VERY WELL MADE AND SEEMS TO BE POWDERCOATED SO IT SHOULD WEAR WELL.I INSTALLED IT LAST NIGHT NIGHT , TOOK ABOUT AN HOUR.I DID DROP THE SPARE DOWN TO INSTALL THIS -LSB- NOT REQUIRED -RSB- BUT IT DID PROVIDE A LITTLE MORE WIGGLE ROOM TO WORK AND GAVE THE OPPORTUNUITY TO CHECK CONDITION OF MY SPARE.THE INSTUCTIONS WERE IDIOTPROOF AND STRAIGHTFORWARD . I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS HITCH.PS REMOVING THE STOCK BUMPER BOLTS COULD BE TOUGH WITH A WRENCH SO USE AN INPACT IF YOU HAVE ONE .
 I liked the look of this hitch compared to the square tubing type . I also like that the round cross piece is welded closed where it joins the brackets . that makes it impossible to get water or mud or salt into the hitch . I beleive this design will last longer , without rusting out . This hitch was very easy to mount.The hardest parts are getting your bumper bolts loosened up to remove -LRB- 18 '' breaker bar did great -RRB- , and drilling two half inch holes in the frame . It took me about 45 minutes total . The hitch looks great too .
 Installed on my 1998 Ford Ranger XLT 4x4 with the factory Off Road package . Truck has 155,000 miles on it.First quality and fitment - absolutely beautiful , I could n't be happier . I will now regard CURT as a top of the line producer of such things . Very sturdy - hefty with great welds and beautiful powder coat . It even looks good on the vehicle!Installation time for me = 5.5 hours . I live in the rust belt and broke one 3/8 '' ratchet and one extension . I should have used a 1/2 '' socket set but you use what is on hand . A good deal of the time was consumed with rust fixing and painting . I always try to repair rust damage when working on a vehicle . In my case , I removed half a coffee can of rust with a welder 's wire brush . I used up a can of DupliColor Rust Fix and two cans of off brand enamel spray paint.The Off Road Ranger package means there is a tow hook on the passenger side that must be removed and discarded . There is no provision to use a factory tow hook with this receiver - it has to go :-LRB- . It took 3 hours to remove the two rear bumper bracket bolts and the four tow hook bolts even though they were pre-soaked with PB Blaster . The bolts came out creaking a groaning nearly all the way . The tow hook assembly is massive for a 3300 lb truck . I would n't grind the heads off the bolts -LRB- as some suggested -RRB- because you leave the bolt in the hole . Some bolts were in a recessed proximity and the fact that I do n't like doing things that way . Just a heads up if you are installing a receiver on an old rusty truck with the off road option.The Curt 13138 Class III Receiver is a great buy . My rusting 1998 Ford Ranger - not so much !
 Just wanted to write a short note about the ease of installation of this hitch . I have a Mazda B3000 that I needed the 2 '' receiver hitch to attach my bike rack . I have used the Uhaul hitches before , but the Curt MFG hitches are made with terrific quality . It is a very nice piece . Installation for this required no drilling for my truck -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- . I was able to get it bolted up in about 30 minutes . I had to remove two bolts that hold the bumper on to make room , but then they were replaced . The bumper was not ever actually removed . I will definitely buy from Curt MFG when I need my next hitch
 it fitted on with no problems . just make sure you lower your spare before you try to mount it .
 Ordered the receiver from Amazon and it arrived in two days . Thanks Amazon.I installed the receiver on my 2002 Ford Ranger in approx . 30 mins . Very easy installation.I did a YouTube search before purchasing to see what kind of job this would be . After watching the installation I knew that it wouldbe an easy project to complete.The Curt Receiver is a quality product . Looks great on my truck . It is styled so good I hardly notice it on my truck.I would recommend this product and I will purchase again from Curt .
 Easy installation of a very high quality product . Bolts to original holes without drilling . Round tube makes for a better appearance and stronger application .
 Bought this hitch recently . I confess that I have not used it , but I was very pleased with the quality of the welding and paint . It is capable of pulling more than my truck can , I am sure of that . I must confess that I never used Curt hitches before , but I will start there in the future . Also , a very conpetitive price .
 Was able to install on my 2002 Ford Ranger in about an hour . Getting the old rusty bolts off was the hardest part .
 Was able to do it by myself , in the yard in about 2.5 hrs . I used two jackstands to help . Good instructions .
 This is a good solid hitch for my Mazda B2300 . No big deal to install , basic hand tools . An extra pair of hands will help .
 Great price . Great quality . Great fit . I did zero drilling for my application and had it on in less than 30 minutes from start to finish .
 I looked over a bunch of hitches prior on deciding on buying this one . . It was a fair price and it got here intact . The hitch was quality made.Instructions were simple . No bolt holes to drill . Mounted right up . Did it by myself without help . . not that heavy.I noticed that the hitch does barely touch the spare tire at one point near the center but this should not be a problem in any way that I can see . I would pick this hitch again .
 I was extremely pleased with the quality of the product . Perfect welds , crisp powder coating & clear coat , spot on hardware & easy installation.All the holes lined up perfectly , the hardware fit perfectly and it only took me about 20 minutes.If you 're looking for one , this is THE receiver to buy !
 I liked the product , very good quality.I recommend it.Very good to care.Very quick in responding to requests.very quick dispatch.products are economical .
 Rather than paying $ 175 for a shop to put in a new fuel filter , I opted to do it myself . I spilled a little gas while doing it , but got the job done.Eight months later , I have n't had any issues with this filter and my car runs like a champ .
 I do n't think Amazon will let me post the price I paid for these , but lets say it was less than a currency note with the picture of our Vampire-hunting former President . Brand new , in the box with no issues . Fit exactly as stated and saved me BUKU bucks . The only cheap thing about working on a Mini Cooper ... : /
 THERE 'S NOT MUCH TO SAY ABOUT THIS PRODUCT OTHER THAN IT WORKS AS IT SHOULD . I NEEDED A PISTON RING COMPRESSOR TO INSTALL THE PISTONS IN MY '76 HONDA CB400F MOTORCYCLE ENGINE . THE PISTONS ARE SMALL , SO I HAD TO HAVE A RING COMPRESSOR THAT WOULD WORK ON PISTONS A BIT UNDER 2 INCHES IN DIAMETER . I DID A SEARCH ON AMAZON AND PICKED THIS PRODUCT BASED ON THE DESCRIPTION AND PRICE . IT ARRIVED IN A TIMELY MANNER AND WAS EASY TO USE , THOUGH BETTER INSTRUCTIONS WOULD HAVE HELPED -- I 'M NOT A VERY EXPERIENCED MECHANIC , BUT I FIGURED IT OUT AND IT WORKED WELL .
 After a fender bender the assembly on one side was replaced and it really showed how badly fogged and discolored the remaining old one was . So I replaced with this one . The product fit perfectly and it came with all the bulbs already installed -LRB- I did n't realize they were included -RRB- . I compared carefully to the old one I extracted and could not find any differences . Time will tell how long till it begins to fog - but it ca n't be any worse than the original that came with the vehicle . Very happy with product and price . Car looks refreshed now .
 After replacing my radiator -LRB- which required removing the bumper -RRB- , a bunch of my original clips broke . These fit perfectly and replaced the broken ones . These are a must-have for anyone who works on their car , even occasionally . They break easily if you are n't careful , but now I have a box of leftovers if I ever need them .
 As good as OEM . nothing to say more . just make sure you order the right size , there was three different types in my car .
 Works great in my GMC Canyon.I was having intake issues with my AEM Brute Force intake and decided to quit throwing money into that . I switched back to the original intake system and have been using this filter . I have had no further issues with my truck .
 Bought this a few weeks ago for my '97 Ninja 600 . Fits fairly well , but the back does not make it all the way to the ground -LRB- about 6 inches short -RRB- . I think this would be a problem with any sport bike.Bottom line , it keeps the rain off and has bungees to hook across the bottom so the cover does n't get blown off . Has a storage pouch sewn to the inside of the cover which is a nice touch because I 'd probably lost it otherwise.Would have given it 5 stars if the back was a few inches taller .
 the cover is very good . it protected my bike from weather harms , nevertheless , it does not cover the whole bike ... just as in the picture . . it comes with an attached bag to put the cover in when not using it . .
 Drove my 2001 Mustang GT one day and it stalled when I would give it some gas . Got it home and troubleshot it . Determined it was a bad fuel pump . Bought this one and put it on . Had to use the supplied electric plug adapter that came with it but that 's fine . It was a direct replacement and there was no trouble whatsoever getting it in . Started the car and it ran like a champ . Let it run for a few minutes just to make sure it was getting the fuel it needed then took it for a drive around the block . Drove great.Pros
 This pump will get you going . After removing the original it was a snap to change . I will never let my tank get below 1/4 again .
 Arrived timely and in great shape . Works perfectly with no problems . Price is better than what I would have paid if purchased locally .
 I bought these for my 2003 RSX to replace the stock plugs after nearly 90K miles . I was surprised to see that the ones I pulled out were still in pretty good condition . Do n't skimp on your spark plugs . Iridium plugs are a bit more expensive , but when you factor in the fact that they last many times longer than copper or even platinum , they 're well worth the price . I 've noticed a very slight improvement in horsepower and fuel efficiency , but the real difference is in the feel of the engine . Whether idling or at high revs , I 've noticed that my engine runs smoother and sounds `` healthier '' . Remember , iridium plugs come pre-gapped . Do n't try and adjust the gap yourselves or you may end up cracking off the iridium tip and rendering the plug useless . I 'd highly suggest picking up a packet of dielectric boot grease and anti-seize compound from your local auto supply store . These are usually sold in small packets at the counter and can be purchased for peanuts , but they 'll save you a lot of heartache the next time you need to change them out . A little goes a long way , one small packet of each should suffice for anything short of a V12 Vanquish . I highly recommend these plugs .
 These are the original spark plugs that came factory in my 2008 si . It is my daily driver and i do drive it quite hard on a daily basis , very reliable car . At about 87,000 miles it was about time to change my spark plugs because i started noticing my gas mileage was not as efficient anymore . Ordered these on amazon because they are affordable and ship quickly , the honda dealership parts department charges $ 26 per plug for this item , that is why I buy everything on amazon.com . Amazon is professional , reliable , and always have the best prices .
 The price i got these for were the best on the net , and i cant complain just what i expected from the plugs that come as stock in my DC5R integra . Great at high rpm good with cold starts .
 I got these spark plugs quickly , for a good price , and they work , although I am disappointed that they have n't made my car run that much better . I bought these figuring that my spark plugs needed to be changed , and I have realized that my gas mileage has n't improved much at all since changing them , and the car performs just about the same . I had been told that Laser Iridiums would be better , but I say , save your money and stick with your OEM plugs .
 Bought this filter about a year ago but was hesitant to install it . I was unsure how to purge out the air once installed -LRB- installs upside down on my truck -RRB- . Then , my truck started to get harder to start . The engine would run for a second or two , then stop . I later put two and two together
 The product arrived quickly and was exactly as advertised . I would order from this seller again
 Very nice place and easy to follow instructions very well and pay close attention to thoroughly clean the area of contact with alcohol to prevent despegue.Ya the car wash several times with water pressure as well as operate at high speed if so far after 3 months of riding , remain tight . Excellent quality . I recommend 100 % .
 I bought this for my 2010 Camry LE and it fits and looks perfect ! Very easy and quick to install . Just wipe down the area with alcohol pad to get all dirt and grim off and use the dry pads to clean and dry the area , take the red backing off the tape and apply it over the rear handle/tailgate area . Make sure it sits properly for the keyhole and press down firm and hold for a minute to ensure tape to bond on the surface area ! Highly recommend this product !
 I bought this for my dad as a gift he always asked me if his car can has one of those chrome things the dealer said no , but i noticed the LE and se are similer with different body kit so i ordered it first time they sent me one that cracked i conacted them they were quick to respond and send me another one right away ! they look cool
 it fitted on with no problems . just make sure you lower your spare before you try to mount it .
 Ordered the receiver from Amazon and it arrived in two days . Thanks Amazon.I installed the receiver on my 2002 Ford Ranger in approx . 30 mins . Very easy installation.I did a YouTube search before purchasing to see what kind of job this would be . After watching the installation I knew that it wouldbe an easy project to complete.The Curt Receiver is a quality product . Looks great on my truck . It is styled so good I hardly notice it on my truck.I would recommend this product and I will purchase again from Curt .
 Easy installation of a very high quality product . Bolts to original holes without drilling . Round tube makes for a better appearance and stronger application .
 Bought this hitch recently . I confess that I have not used it , but I was very pleased with the quality of the welding and paint . It is capable of pulling more than my truck can , I am sure of that . I must confess that I never used Curt hitches before , but I will start there in the future . Also , a very conpetitive price .
 Was able to install on my 2002 Ford Ranger in about an hour . Getting the old rusty bolts off was the hardest part .
 Was able to do it by myself , in the yard in about 2.5 hrs . I used two jackstands to help . Good instructions .
 This is a good solid hitch for my Mazda B2300 . No big deal to install , basic hand tools . An extra pair of hands will help .
 Great price . Great quality . Great fit . I did zero drilling for my application and had it on in less than 30 minutes from start to finish .
 I looked over a bunch of hitches prior on deciding on buying this one . . It was a fair price and it got here intact . The hitch was quality made.Instructions were simple . No bolt holes to drill . Mounted right up . Did it by myself without help . . not that heavy.I noticed that the hitch does barely touch the spare tire at one point near the center but this should not be a problem in any way that I can see . I would pick this hitch again .
 I was extremely pleased with the quality of the product . Perfect welds , crisp powder coating & clear coat , spot on hardware & easy installation.All the holes lined up perfectly , the hardware fit perfectly and it only took me about 20 minutes.If you 're looking for one , this is THE receiver to buy !
 Hitch was very easy to install . The spare tire was in the way so I dropped it down installed hitch than I tightened spare tire . Works fine !
 I bought this receiver for my Ford Ranger and it was a quick and hassle free installation . It fit perfectly and appears to have a quality finish . The only issue anyone may run into with this installation -LRB- and maybe others -RRB- is with a bumper bolt which must be removed . Mine were rusted into the special Ford clip style nuts requiring cutting the bolt off and cutting the clip . It was n't much of an issue for me since I have a well equipped garage but others may not be as fortunate . Not the fault of the receiver but something one should be aware of when installing any hitch on an older vehicle . If it was n't for that , the hitch would have been installed in less than thirty minutes .
 This is a very easy hitch to install . It looks good and seems to be well built . It looks great on my Red Ford Ranger Edge Four Wheel Drive pride and joy truck .
 I ORDERED THIS RECEIVER TUES MORNING AND IT WAS DELIVERED THURS EVE.THAT IN ITSELF IS AMAZING -LSB- NOT MUCH THESE DAYS SURPRISES ME ! -RSB- THE RECEIVER IS VERY WELL MADE AND SEEMS TO BE POWDERCOATED SO IT SHOULD WEAR WELL.I INSTALLED IT LAST NIGHT NIGHT , TOOK ABOUT AN HOUR.I DID DROP THE SPARE DOWN TO INSTALL THIS -LSB- NOT REQUIRED -RSB- BUT IT DID PROVIDE A LITTLE MORE WIGGLE ROOM TO WORK AND GAVE THE OPPORTUNUITY TO CHECK CONDITION OF MY SPARE.THE INSTUCTIONS WERE IDIOTPROOF AND STRAIGHTFORWARD . I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS HITCH.PS REMOVING THE STOCK BUMPER BOLTS COULD BE TOUGH WITH A WRENCH SO USE AN INPACT IF YOU HAVE ONE .
 I liked the look of this hitch compared to the square tubing type . I also like that the round cross piece is welded closed where it joins the brackets . that makes it impossible to get water or mud or salt into the hitch . I beleive this design will last longer , without rusting out . This hitch was very easy to mount.The hardest parts are getting your bumper bolts loosened up to remove -LRB- 18 '' breaker bar did great -RRB- , and drilling two half inch holes in the frame . It took me about 45 minutes total . The hitch looks great too .
 Installed on my 1998 Ford Ranger XLT 4x4 with the factory Off Road package . Truck has 155,000 miles on it.First quality and fitment - absolutely beautiful , I could n't be happier . I will now regard CURT as a top of the line producer of such things . Very sturdy - hefty with great welds and beautiful powder coat . It even looks good on the vehicle!Installation time for me = 5.5 hours . I live in the rust belt and broke one 3/8 '' ratchet and one extension . I should have used a 1/2 '' socket set but you use what is on hand . A good deal of the time was consumed with rust fixing and painting . I always try to repair rust damage when working on a vehicle . In my case , I removed half a coffee can of rust with a welder 's wire brush . I used up a can of DupliColor Rust Fix and two cans of off brand enamel spray paint.The Off Road Ranger package means there is a tow hook on the passenger side that must be removed and discarded . There is no provision to use a factory tow hook with this receiver - it has to go :-LRB- . It took 3 hours to remove the two rear bumper bracket bolts and the four tow hook bolts even though they were pre-soaked with PB Blaster . The bolts came out creaking a groaning nearly all the way . The tow hook assembly is massive for a 3300 lb truck . I would n't grind the heads off the bolts -LRB- as some suggested -RRB- because you leave the bolt in the hole . Some bolts were in a recessed proximity and the fact that I do n't like doing things that way . Just a heads up if you are installing a receiver on an old rusty truck with the off road option.The Curt 13138 Class III Receiver is a great buy . My rusting 1998 Ford Ranger - not so much !
 Just wanted to write a short note about the ease of installation of this hitch . I have a Mazda B3000 that I needed the 2 '' receiver hitch to attach my bike rack . I have used the Uhaul hitches before , but the Curt MFG hitches are made with terrific quality . It is a very nice piece . Installation for this required no drilling for my truck -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- . I was able to get it bolted up in about 30 minutes . I had to remove two bolts that hold the bumper on to make room , but then they were replaced . The bumper was not ever actually removed . I will definitely buy from Curt MFG when I need my next hitch
 I was able to install this setup on my 08 Ranger in less than 10 minutes . I took out the bolts closest to the front of the vehicle holding the bumper , loosened the other bolts on main support and removed the screw tabs . Next , I put the new hitch up in place with the spare tire still as is . The new hitch actually rested nicely on the side to side stabilizer bolts for the bumper . I was able to screw in the new hitch without any assistance and without much struggling . The hardest part was loosening the old bolts.This could EASILY be done by anybody with a socket wrench and half a brain.A + on towing . I loaded down a trailer today with the hitch in place . It appeared to distribute the weight efficiently and it actually seemed the extra weight of the trailer smoothed out my ride . Over all , I am very impressed.Don ' t forget to get a LOCKING hitch bolt , people seem to be stealing them off other peoples trucks these days . *** UPDATE *** Coming up on 2 years of owning the receiver . There is no visible rust or deformities in the receiver or any problems . I have n't used it all that much , but I 'd still stand by it as a solid product .
 After reading several reviews for older models of the Ford Ranger , I figured it would be a simple job to install . The hardest part was breaking the two bolts holding the bumper to the frame , after that is was a breeze.You only have to remove the rear bolts and loosen the front bolts that hold the bumper bracket to frame . Remove the rear bolt clips and then install the receiver . My sons helped with aligning and starting the nuts onto the provided bolts while I held the receiver in place . All required hardware was provided . I think the total installation time was about 30 minutes . I did not have to drill holes to complete the assembly , but I think other vehicle models may require this.It is well made with strong welds . Looks good with the rounded tube steel .
 Installed the receiver in about 30 minutes on my 2004 Ford Ranger . Fits great . Looks great . Quality/welds were excellent . Highly recommend product .
 Installed on my 07 ranger today , bolted right on . Had to take the spare off to give me some work room . To install , remove spare , loosen front step bumper bolts , remove back step bumper bolts and clips in the frame . use supplied washers nuts and bolts to finger tighten the hitch to the bottom of the frame . Tighten and put the spare back . some frames need to have the front hole drilled , mine didnt.This thing is made from a big beefy piece of bent tubing , awesome welds and paint . Dont spend the extra money for a reese hitch . This one is top notch in my book .
 A load binder or two makes install an easy 1 man , 30 minute job . It looks so much better than the square tube type , between that and the open receiver end , I 'm figuring that it will collect less road debris and be less likely to rust as well . Has no trouble pulling a trailer !
 The receiver is made with heavy construction and nicely finished , and included all the hardware needed . The instructions show a simple enough install where you just remove two existing bolts from the frame and fit the receiver , then drill two new holes using it as a template , something that should take 20 minutes or less with the right tools.Unfortunately for me , even though my truck was listed for compatibility , the factory tow hook was in the way and I could n't install the receiver without removing it . The tow hook is secured high up on one of the frame rails with three difficult to reach bolts , and also attached to a strut bolted to the bumper assembly with the bolt tack welded in place . Only once it was removed could I follow the original instructions and everything was fine , just took much longer due to the hook .
 My Curt 13138 Class III Receiver shipped fast -LRB- and free -RRB- . Installation on my 03 Ford Ranger Edge went very smoothly . There were 4 bolts holding the rear bumper on and I only had to remove and replace 2 bolts with the supplied bolts . I did need to losen the other 2 bolts holding the bumper so I could remove the speed nuts clipped to the frame for the 2 bolts removed . You may need to use a breaker bar to loosen the bolts . I held the receiver up and my nephew started the nuts on the bolts . After that I installed the other 2 bolts that fit perfectly through holes already in the frame . All holes on the receiver mathced up with the ones on my truck . The hardware kit included a set of spacers to make up for the bumper braket . Tighted up all 4 of the new bolts and the other 2 I loosened for the bumper and I had a strong receiver on my truck . Price was excelent , quality was A1 , installation a snap ! I 'm happy .
 Installation was a breeze , only four bolts . It sits under the bumper nicely . I have n't used it for towing yet , but it seems like it could handle anything that my 4cyl Ranger could .
 this is my first curt hitch . removing it from the packaging , it is a beast . very sturdy unit , tubular frame design , and looks like it will pull a mountain . the powdercoating should last a lifetime on this hitch . this unit bolts right up as promised . the written directions are a good guide , but the pictured direction is what you should use to install this unit . the written directions talk about using a spacer on the rear most bolt . you would think the rear most bolt would be closest to the bumper of your vehicle . nah . it 's the bolt towards the front of your vehicle . you have to lower your spare to install this hitch , but can real it back up into place once you 're done . this was the deal maker for me !!! once the hitch is installed , it looks great ! it sits about 3/4 '' under the bumper , and sits in about the same from the outside of the bumper . so if you do n't have a reciever installed , there is nothing for your knee to catch on walking around your truck . -LRB- mine installed on a 2003 ford ranger extended cab -RRB- i would recommend this hitch in a heart beat . simple install , great looks , and sturdy design . win-win-win !!!
 Bolting things up to an 11 year old truck can sometimes be problematic , but in this case not an issue . Curt delivered a nice looking , beautifully finished hitch that installed with no problems on my '99 Ranger . The instructions were model-specific and accurate , and it 's engineered in a way that required no drilling - it attached using only factory holes with the supplied high-quality hardware.The powdercoat finish on the hitch seems durable and well applied , and overall I suspect it will probably outlast the truck.Amazon 's deliver was * amazing * . With `` free '' Prime shipping , it was at my door approximately 24 hours after ordering , which is pretty impressive for a big , awkward chunk of steel .
 The Rear Seat Protector works great.The only drawback with it is I have not figured out how to connect the safety harness to my dog.My dog is a sheltie . She lays down on the protector , but it would be nice to be able to attach her to her safety belt.I would recommend this product to anyone .
 One of my son-in-laws has a corvette which is his pride and joy . I bought this for him for Christmas and I am sure he will love it . It looks great to me .
 Used on an 04 F150 -LRB- with 4.6 l -RRB- . Replaced factory gaskets to stop an air leak in the plenum . Worked well . Fit well . Direct oem replacement .
 Bought this a while back and finally installed it during a fuel pump replacement job for my truck . The product seems to be high quality and its OEM design allowed for exact fit for the fuel lines and into the bracket .
 The Rear Seat Protector works great.The only drawback with it is I have not figured out how to connect the safety harness to my dog.My dog is a sheltie . She lays down on the protector , but it would be nice to be able to attach her to her safety belt.I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Nice set of pads and hardware . Low dust so far and no noise at all . Big improvement over stock .
 These are great . The metal is a little flimsy but not bad at all . These look crisp and clean on my truck . I would recommend these to any fan who wants to show their team pride .
 This seller had two frames for around half of what the other sellers had priced for just one ! I love that , feels like I am getting away with something ... legally ! GO RAVENS !!!
 I got the part even earlier than expected , and was able to correct vacuum leak/no floor heat issue within minutes ! Good price for OEM - dealership wanted quite a bit more !
 My mechanic loves these gaskets . He says they should never wear out . So why does GM build their cars with intake gaskets that fail in less than 100k miles ? So I can spend hundreds to save them pennies.Maybe someday Federal Mogul will own GM .
 this gasket set worked great with the replacement UIM , been in for a couple weeks , perfect seal , no leaks . very satisfied with quality .
 Just got them yesterday and the pick end of the 164fg hammer was n't perfectly rounded . I was a little annoyed given how much they cost so I called the customer service # on martin 's website . The person I spoke with in the tool and forge department could n't have been more helpful ! They are shipping me a new one ASAP at no cost and they do n't even want the other one back . I assumed they 'd want me to ship the messed up one back at my own expense and they would send me a new one once they had received the defective one . Sadly this is how many `` lifetime '' warranties work today , but the guy from martin told me that in cases where they want the damaged item back they still ship the replacement immediately and pay return shipping on the old one as well . This is how customer service should be done ! With regard to the tools themselves , these hammers and dollies are every bit as nice as the set snap on sells for $ 510 . I 'm an autobody student so I get a large discount from snap on and even with tax and shipping these were still about $ 75 cheaper . Also you ca n't get the snap on set with fiberglass handles which are nearly unbreakable and are a lot thinner right below the head than hickory handles which can really be handy in tight spaces . A lot of people do n't like the additional shock absorption of fiberglass vs. hickory as it does reduce the feel and feedback of the hammer but I 'll gladly take that trade-off for the thinner handles . Needless to say the hassle-free customer service has sold me on martin tools and I will undoubtedly be buying more of their body tools in the future ...
 It pays to get the name brand when it comes to hand tools . Very well balanced for fiberglass handles while the workmanship of the hammer faces is first rate . The dollies are made of a super heavy alloy so you can feel that your holding a real tool in you hands . Excellent product !
 This set is as good or better than the Snap-On set . This set is a lot cheaper than the Snap-On . Snap-On
 I love this pack . It looks great and matches my bags perfect . Lots of room for all of are stuff for nice get away . Without even using the roll pack .
 An employee at my local Honda dealership recommended this air filter to gain gas mileage and performance . I have had it in my car for over a month and I can defineatly tell an increase in horse power and have seen an increase of 3 mpg . May not seem like much but with a tank of gas it gives me over 30 miles more . 10 tanks of gas and it pays for itself !
 This fit great in my 1999 Honda Accord , V6 3.0 LI can tell there 's increased power , but have n't seen a difference in fuel economy
 This added some additional zip to my wife 's Acura . I love these , and have either this factory drop in or the full intake kit on all 3 of our vehicles , as well as my previous vehicle .
 I bought this for my 2001 acura tl , it fit perferctly , i gained about 5 hp and saved a little over 3 gallons of gas . im going to buy one for my wifes 2005 acura tl soon .
 I got this in hopes of getting better gas milage . I cant really tell a lot of difference . The car accelerates easier . Using Lucas Gas Treatment does make your car get better milage tho . I would reccomend this filter because it can be used 50,000 miles before cleaning .
 Delivery from Amazon was prompt . Installing was easy and I am not mechanically gifted . Anyone can do it in a matter of minutes . It seems to live up to its hype regarding a littles extra horsepower and gas milage . I recommend this product .
 This model fits nicely in my Acura 2001 3.2 CL engine air filter compartment . Although it goes in differently than the one that was installed by the dealer techs . Instead of a plastic cartridge , this one is like a barrier that gets sandwiched between the two ends of the airflow conduits . The edges are rubbery , so a seal is maintained . I do n't know about the long life and I have n't cleaned it yet , but it 's supposed to last a car 's lifetime with repeated cleaning . Good workmanship and good price .
 I put the filter in and immediately I noticed the car has more low end torque . My car was getting about 28MPG on the highway and the first tank I got after the new filter average 29.4 MPG.Definitely worth the price especially gas is close to $ 4.00 per gallon .
 By far , hands down , the best air filter money can buy . I would n't consider running my vehicles with anything other than K&N .
 Buy a K&N filter , you wo n't be sorry . Your engine runs better , you have to clean filter rarely , and plus you are helping the environment by not throwing it away continually .
 It 's a nice filter to have on your car -LSB- s -RSB- . It 's the Original High-Flow Air Filter . # Designed to increase horsepower and acceleration while providing excellent filtration -LSB- extra zooom -RSB- # Lifetime Air Filter with K&N ; Million Mile Limited Warranty # The World 's Best Air Filter * High Air Flow with Excellent Filtration * Designed to Increase Horsepower and Acceleration * Washable and Reusable * Will NOT Void Vehicle Warranty * Lasts up to 50,000 miles before cleaning is required depending on driving conditions * K&N ; Million Mile Limited Warranty * Emissions Legal in all 50 US States . * Economical , a K&N ; Air Filter Will Last the Life of Your Automobile , Motorcycle , or ATV * Works with Original Equipment Manufacturer Vehicle Electronics * Easy High Performance Add-on * Environmentally Friendly
 I have always liked K&N Filters . Amazon has the best price on the web .
 its a k & n air filter you can except them best from them . Fit in easily , and bonus i never have to replaced it again !!
 i love this air filter knowing that i wo n't have to replace it ever again , and its backed by a million mile warranty ! it does add some power to my 1998 honda accord but although its not something i can accuratly tell . i would recommend this air filter to anyone !
 Easy to install and works great . Should give years of good service like the otherK & N ; 's I have owned .
 It screws into the oil pan , senses oil level in the pan . Oddly tho , it is listed as a coolant sensor . The part number is found in various other catalogs as oil level sensor . Its all plastic and is cheaper than most .
 i looked all over the internet for an IU tire cover and this was the sharpest looking one that I found . the rest were red or white and would clash with the color of my Jeep . it was more expensive than the rest but well worth the price . Thank You
 I purchased an electronic ignition and did not get all of the parts . I contacted the seller and he sent the required parts . It took me several monts to install the parts -LRB- I am in Texas and the car is in Louisiana -RRB- . When I finally installed the parts the car started great . I am happy with this seller .
 I purchased this to replace the section from my muffler back on a '90 ford bronco . It is 3 '' stainless steel and mandrel bent to fit over the axle with no issues . This fit my bronco surprisingly well considering it 's `` universal . '' Welding/metal work required.Pros
 Best price and free shipping ! Pipe was exactly as described and came boxed up , not just shipped with a label on it.FYI , this pipe fits Full Size Broncos if you use an adapter to 3 '' and sounds great !
 The stainless tailpipe exhaust section was a perfect fit on my 1989 Chevy K1500 . As usual , I had more trouble cutting old stuff off and out of the way , than putting this on !
 I did some research and this pipe seemed to be the best deal . Because it is universal it can be used on any number of trucks . It happened to fit great on my V-8 Chevy Colorado . The bends are in all the right spots , once installed it looks almost factory . Nice smooth finish too , looks like it would take a polishing well if you wanted it looking even better . Yes , the ends do get dinged up in shipping but chances are you will be trimming the pipe to mate up with either a muffler or tip , so it 's no big deal . I feel like they purposely make the ends longer than needed to allow for this .
 great price , tailpipe shipped fast , fit my 92 fullsize bronco perfectly , sounds great with my new 3 '' flowmaster 40 too
 regardless of what people say that air intakes give differences u ca n't notice , i disagree with it . the Difference is n't big , but CAN be noticed in the mid range . The aem intake itself is great . . installation is n't too hard . . just takes some common tools and common sense . the instruction manual is helpful . . but it 's missing a few small details . . but by a little trial and error you can easily figure it out ; it 's about where each nylon/rubber joints sit.All in all , i would recommend it . gives a lil better response at mid rpm , and adds better sound . personally , i would recommend this over the K&N ; ones , since these have dry filters and requires no clean-up with oil like the ones in K&N ; does .
 my fuel pump was bad on my truck so i was looking everwhere for one i went to the dealer and all the cheapeist one i found was 149.00 so i looked one up on amazon and found this bosch one for a hole lot less it works perfect thanks amazon
 Seems to be well made . Does the job . We are lifting 2200 lbs . Only minor complaint is that the clutch was not adjusted right so the load slowly releases when turn off power . But there are instructions to fix that .
 Very comfortable riding pants . I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and around 195 , with probably a 37 '' waist -LRB- some 36 '' pants fit perfectly , others are a bit snug -RRB- , so I opted for the 38 `` W x 30 `` L , and they fit very well -LRB- they 'll probably be a perfect fit after a couple of washes -RRB- . Naturally , while walking around the knee armor is a bit awkward , but as one salesman explained to me , the armor is supposed to ride low while walking and should shift into place when you sit down to ride . If you do take the knee armor out at your destination , they feel just like regular blue jeans -LRB- ca n't really even tell the hip armor is there -RRB- . I can see where they may get a bit warm in the summer , but I 'd rather sweat than bleed , as someone else once said . Very nice quality , and feels very durable . Ca n't tell you how well they protect in a crash , and , Lord willing , I never will :--RRB- . Overall , I 'd buy another pair in a heartbeat ... I highly recommend these .
 These filters were on sale for next to nothing , so I bought a few . I use these on a street rod with an open element air cleaner , and some were cosmetically disappointing with black upper and lower seal material running onto the paper element . But they work perfectly and for the price I 'm very happy with them .
 Perfect replacement part for stock radiator . All aluminum is in some ways even better than stock . Packing was excellent to prevent any damage to unit . Perfect fit and car now runs cool . Took 1 1/2 hours to fit and I saved $ 300 on a shop quote to supply and fit a radiator
 Firestone 2071 Ride-Rite Air Springs KitThis kit gives a great ride and takes the load off the leaf springs . The only suggestion I have is to order the model that requires no drilling . The lines and wires behind the left frame were difficult to drill around and practically impossible to get the bolts through the frame . It can be done but takes forever , needs two people and more than just a socket set and open-end wrenches . Still , I 'm glad I did it and very satisfied with the results .
 The Firestone Ride Rite # 2071 was installed on a 2008 F250.I installed the kit myself and time to install was less than 5 hours from start to finish . Instructions were provided and are very clear and easy to understand . All the components are very durable.The ride and handling are much better now that I have them installed . An excellent upgrade to any vehicle when you are close to the max GVWR .
 MY BUSINESS REQUIRES VEHICLES WITH HEAVY CARRYING ABILITY , THESE AIR BAGS ARE GREAT FOR WHAT I NEEDAND I HAVE THEM ON 4 OF MY TRUCKS , VERY EASY INSTALL , ANY ONE WITH A DRILL AND A RATCHET CAN DO IT ...
 These airbags worked as advertised . I installed them on my 2006 F250 King Ranch before I left Alaska for the states . I have a very robust 2 '' factor Rancho lift kit on my truck , and with about 3500-4500 lbs in the bed , there was a considerable sag in the rear end , not to the point of bottoming out the suspension , but a noticeable angle of attack when looking on from the side . I purchased these bags to remedy that problem and it works . The install was not easy , but not overly complicated either . Drilling through the frame was probably the most challenging aspect of the install . Make sure you properly mock-up the kit first -- you 'll have to assemble the entire kit , hold it up to the frame and mark your pilot holes -LRB- get a silver sharpie -- it 's worth it -RRB- and measure the top and bottom clearance , mark the holes , take down , disassemble , and drill the frame holes , and then install with the frame bolts and large u-bolts . Make sure you pick your frame of reference and keep it consistent on both sides . Remember , at least on Fords , the frame is swooping up from the undercarriage to the wheel well area right where these are supposed to be mounted , so the frame side dimension will be at an angle , so ensure your mounting the kit square to the ground , which means your mounting holes will not necessarily be parallel . I mounted the air intake to the aux light holes on the bottom corner of each side of the bumper . Right size hole and is fairly hidden . I also ran the air lines inside the frame itself from the bags to the end of the frame rails , its a good idea if you do a lot of off-roading , will protect the plastic lines from getting punctured.I initially had some issue with one of the bags retaining air . I fully inflated them after I finished the install , and checked my supply lines for leaks with soapy water and everything seemed good . I deflated both to about 5-7 psi for driving around town -LRB- recommended by the mfg -RRB- and when I loaded my truck to leave AK , I filled the right to about 55-60 psi which was what it took to get that side up enough to be parallel with the front of the truck . I then went to the left bag and started filling it up and could n't get more than 45 psi into the bag , regardless of how long I filled it at the air pump on base . So I headed out and drove about 8 hrs that day and stopped in Tok , Ak for gas and checked both bags with my digital tire gauge . The right was holding about 57 psi , and the left was down below 40 psi . I filled the right to 60 psi and tried the left again , and it seemed to take air much better from this pump . I was able to get about 62 psi before it stopped increasing pressure . I checked both bags periodically when I stopped for gas and they both seemed to hold steady between 55-60 psi . I have n't tried to fill them to their max of 100 psi yet . I imagine the right would take that much , but I 'm not sure the left will . It might be faulty , or I may have a small kink somewhere , or might need a bigger compressor . Anyway , they do what they 're meant to do . So it 's worth the $ if you haul a camper , or load the bed down a lot , or pull a cargo hauler . The install was n't terrible , but did take about 3.5 , maybe closer to 4 with set up and clean up . Good luck .
 They work well . Installation was n't that bad . Took about 3 hours to get everything installed . They do n't warn you that the truck fenders get in the way of trying to drill the holes . PLUS . if you have dual tanks be VERY CAUTIOUS to not drill into the rear tank gas lines . On a Ford they are on `` the other side '' of the frame and are positioned exactly where the bolt hole needs to be . As they indicate in the instructions
 Installed in about the time advertised , but I chose to fab a small mounting bracket to be located above my trailer hitch . So some of the time was added for the bracket and the proper running of the air lines . Instructions were very clear and easy to understand , UNLIKE the Hellwig rear sway-bar instructions . Wife did complain that the camper swayed some before the sway-bar was installed , so they do help SOME with sway control .
 Product rec 'd in excellent condition on time . Very pleased . It is an excellent value for the price . And as a former National Park Ranger in 4 different regions over a 17 year period , I 've seen many garmets come and go . I use this for off-duty riding .
 They are great pants ! You have to get the sentinel jacket , they make a prefect suit together .
 I do n't like to write reviews , but they are helpful to me , so here goes ! My husband and I have 4 muscle cars with very good paint jobs , and I wanted to find a detail quick spray product that was better than the stuff you can get at the auto parts store , but not as expensive as the detailers sell at my husbands work -LRB- car dealorship -RRB- . Two of our cars are black , and if you have black cars , you know how hard they are to keep clean ! I have been amazed at this product . I had used it on the black Camaro and now just have to use the California duster and give it a going over . If the car needs it , I spray a little detail spray onto a microfiber cloth and go over the car . I admit - I was skeptical about this stuff , but now I 'm sold . After I bought one bottle , I bought another . My husband is very picky about our cars and he likes this spray . It does what it says ! I feel this is a fair price too , considering that inferior spray costs almost the same . Try it !!
 I 've used Slick as a quick detailer and clay lubricant on my NSX for a few years . Works great . I 've also made a habit of using Slick on the outside of windows on my other vehicles , especially before road trips , to keep the view clear -LRB- less dirt sticks , bugs easier to wipe off , rain beads up better -RRB- . Prima now has a specific product for clay lubricant -LRB- Glide -RRB- which I 'll have to try/compare for that purpose .
 Prima Slick is easy to apply and provides a nice shine boost in between polishing . And it smells good too !
 Could n't be happier . Great gear for riding . I stay warm and dry . Be sure to buy the next bigger size cause it will fit over your leathers nicely .
 It fits really great and comfortable , the protection is good , the weight is light and the design it 's very cool . I loved the jacket , I loved the price .
 This rain jacket is very well built . Comfortable , keeps the wind off your neck and keeps you dry :-RRB- I also like the reflective lining and the spacious pockets .
 This Jacket has an elastic mid-drift band and a soft material lining the neck for comfort , The inner lining keeps it from feeling clingy . It has velcro tight fasteners for the wrists , neck and over the zipper . A hoody to line the helmet tucks away inside the neck with a zipper , the jacket has a zipper to fasten the pants to it , the pants are a separatepurchase .
 I really enjoy having this on my 07 Focus . It was a pain in the rear to get the old intake system out , but after that , installation took about 10 minutes and I have noticed a small difference in performance and sound
 This intake is very nice . I installed it myself in about 30 min . I would absolutely recomend this to other people .
 What else can I say ? It went in according to the plan and provides power to my trailer . No drama .
 Product was received on time and good package , rubber material of good quality , excellent to replace old windshield glass seal of my cj-5 1979
 If you are like me and you bought your car used VW without floor mats then you may be familiar with the frustration of trying to replace them . No longer available from the dealer , the oem mats are only available used at a price way higher than these . After trying several different generic fit and cut to fit mats I still could not get mats that fit properly . The contours needed are to aggressive and I could not trim enough to keep the mats flat on the ground . The other issue I personally had was all of the other mats were too long and I no longer had the clearance for the clutch pedal . Sounds strange but it 's true . I wore a hole through one mat in a matter of weeks due to this . These mats are cut perfectly , In my car they match the contours just right , finally the mats can sit flush on the floor . They also stop right before the clutch pedal so my aforementioned issue is now a distant memory . Not only do they avoid the problems of the generic mats but they also cover more area of the floor which is great . You ca n't go wrong with these mats . The material is n't all that great but it 's still better than the auto part store mats . I can only imagine the higher end options offered are far superior in feel and quality . But these get the job done for a fair price , I am pleased with these .
 Have been looking for something to protect my 65 Mustang radiator . Ordered this hoping that it would work . Others that are specific for my car are $ 100 + . This was cheaper , and fits/looks perfect . Could n't be happier . It 's like it was made for it .
 This item works exactly the way the manufacturer intends it to . I actually decided to mount mine inside the grill with zip ties as opposed to having it outside the grill and having to bolt it on . This way , I receive the benefits of the protector for my radiator , but I do n't compromise the looks of my Jeep .
 I replaced my old wore out filter with this piece of work from Wix and the air flow the engine seems much smoother now than before . The construction of Wix is amazing I 've been working in the filter business for over the past ten years and you wo n't find a better automotive filter than Wix that 's for sure .
 i own it for 4 years and it is the best . I use while fixing truck lights , 12V , or working at home , 110 or 220V . this product has never blow its fuse , neither i had to replace batteries .
 I 've had several pocket voltmeters and this is my favorite . I like the design and how the test leads fit into the back . I 've had one for several years and have n't had any problems . I 'm about to buy a 2nd one to keep in my radio control toolbox .
 My stock air intake arm , had some little cuts near the throttle body . Though I could repair it , I preferred using this &#34; universal &#34; -LRB- at least for Honda 's -RRB- air intake arm . I had to shorten it 's length so I could mate it with the stock air box -LRB- but I already new this was going to happen -RRB- . I would have loved another coupler , but then again it comes with everything you need if you only want to mount a cone filter or something of the sorts .
 Almost identical to the one I bought as a replacement at the dealership for $ 105 . Only by holding them side-by-side could I find any difference , and that was only the manufacturer . Same part number , same FCC ID . Super easy programming instructions as well , had it done in less than two minutes with no tools .
 I really like the way this looks , sounds , and performs under the hood of my Durango -LRB- stock air filtration was worthless . -RRB- I do agree with a previous reviewer that the description could be changed from `` Includes filter oil '' to `` Pre-oiled '' . The former gives the impression that it comes with a separate can of filter oil , which could potentially be used more than once . I also disagree with another previous reviewer that this filter is n't tough enough . For $ 30 , and for the average user , it 's plenty tough . I will probably buy again .
 It plainly states that it comes with the filter oil . There is no filter oil in the package I received .
 I bought one of these at Auto Zone to replace the filter on an AEM cold air intake on my 2007 Honda Fit ... It was replaced for awhile when I installed a KraftWerks supercharger that came with a K&N oval shaped filter ... I was cutting holes in my hood for hood louvers and while doing it I decided to remove some metal supporting the side of the hood and put the Spectre filter on in place of the oval shaped K&N ... In both applications this filter with the conical shaped base made an improvement in performance that was very noticeable and positive ... Surprisingly to me was that it improved the output with the supercharger very dramatically and it sounds pretty good too .
 This filter works very well . I had put a different engine in a RV and did not have room for the OEM air cleaner . This one can be mounted on the engine or remote and gives equal filtering to the OEM cleaner .
 It does change the attitude of your car . It does have a lot of free area for air intake .
 10 year or 100,000 mile warranty included.Fits various size intake pipes.Looks cool.Never had a problem with it .
 Exactly as ordered - However , after I ordered I found the exact same thing at AutoZone for the same price . So , check around .
 This is THE air filter ... It really improve the look and performance of my car -LRB- Renault Clio -RRB- ... I recomended it 100 %
 Well i just collected this from the shipper and i knew what it was when i saw the box . This thing is HUGE and i am hoping that it sits just right in my engine comaprtment . If i can i will put a small clip of it on with the engine running and with me doing a couple accelerations so you and -LRB- I -RRB- can hear the attitude change LOL.Thanks amazon and i am glad i stuck with the 4incher ... ricers beware ...
 Love my dash mat . We bought an older car that had a sun spot on the dash , this mat works perfectly .
 Mastercool 66661 Brass Manifold Gauge SetI 'm retired from the auto biz , When my 30 year old R12 Matco gauge set broke during a job I went to Matco on-line . They showed what looks like this exact gauge set for $ 150.00 , Sears showed the same @ $ 111.00 . More searching and I found these , They fail to mention these are MADE IN THE USA !!! There 's no plastic crap on these babies to break , Metal gauge housings and easy connect adapters reduce leakage when installing/disconnecting . Best of all , The 1 year warranty and they come with a COMPLETE replacement parts break-down and 800 number should you need ANY part for them.Tooltopia was Awesome getting them out too , Ordered on Sunday afternoon and received Wednesday afternoon . A + + + Seller
 this product gave me the accuracy i needed to get the job done . very tough components , gauges and hoses with fittings . for the price of this product and toughness of this gauge set , GO FOR IT !
 Well made , accurate , have everything but a plastic case to keep them in which is why I gave them 4 stars . Also , would like to see an `` off '' valve on the quick disconnect , but this is a quality set of gauges . Not sure , but the cheap Harbor Freight ones still seem a very good buy . Do n't think the quality of the gauges is as good , but still a pretty good set for the money and if I had n't gotten these on sale would get the Harbor Freight ones . At least these are made in America , and buying them keeps an American work on the job .
 I bought these gauges for light use , but I did n't want something with a lot of plastic etc and these seemed to be priced well . I 'm happy with my purchase - they are rugged and have met if not exceeded my expectations . Connections are snug , the hoses are good quality , holds vacuum and pressure very well and reads accurately . All the materials used to make these appear to be of top quality .
 I bought this manifold gauge set to pull a vacuum on my 2003 Suburban which had a leaky high side port . The shop supposedly fixed the port , but it began to leak again . I bought a new evaporator line from Amazon and replace the entire line . The gauge set was packed in a clamshell plastic case , which is not very good , I would have preferred an actual case with a handle . The only other down side is that this set does not have a sight glass , but I am not sure that is necessary . It worked to pull a sustained 29 vacuum on the system and appears to be made of quality materials . Overall a good value .
 Looks and sounds Wonderful . Good sturdy construction that was extremely easy to install . Would buy product again .
 product was best priced , received in no time , it was a gift and the person receiving the product has no problems with it
 I run one of these on the cold air intake system in my 99 civic . High quality filter , gives you a nice pull of air while keeping all contaminants out . It will add some minimal hp . Mostly you will notice a little more pull in taking off . Also will improve gas mileage .
 This was a fast delivery , but not having a photo of the item , and knowing the description did not match other online source part title , I was hesitant to order . However , the part number matched the needed item , so I took a chance . Bingo ! It is exactly what I wanted , a thermostat lower housing unit . This item fits a 1982 Chevrolet 4.1 L engine . I also uploaded a photo of the unit I received -LRB- ACDelco Part # 15-80766 , GM part # 14001967 -RRB- . This is the most reasonable price around . Thanks , Amazon.com .
 These are very well made-thick and fit perfectly . They stay in place and do n't shift around while driving . I am very happy with them ! The color matches perfectly to the color of the carpet in our truck .
 I am very happy with this purchase . Have 2 other cars with K&N 's installed and would n't have it any other way . Pay a little more up front but the savings in fuel and replacement costs are worth it . They are a breeze to clean and re-oil . Buy one . . You wo n't regret it !
 Installed on 2007 Civic Si Sedan . Easy install , 5 min tops . Car used to purrr at V-TEC kick , now it growls . The OEM filter -LRB- brick -RRB- was choking my car ! Long time K&N user and always more than satisfied with their products . Best $ 40.00 you can spend on your car .
 I had a K and N filter on my '94 Toyota truck that was great . When I bought a new Honda Element a month or so back it made perfect sense to upgrade to a K and N filter for it too . So far , so good .
 I own a 2008 Honda Civic SI Coupe and wanted to get a Cold Air Performance Filter , but , they do n't make one for my car that is smog legal . So , I purchased this one in hopes that it would help my car perform a bit better , and it did ! The engine sounds a little deeper and it responds better . I am very happy with the K&N Replacement Air Filter and it was a great price !!!
 Its better to buy online than in stores , its so much cheaper , I can wait for it to get shipped .
 Long lasting and cleanable , a filter ca n't be much more efficient than that . I 've used this item previously in my Porsche , and I 'm pleased to see it offered in domestic cars
 Perfect fitment for my 2007 Honda Element . Since the engines are all the same for all the years , it is a perfect fit for any Honda Element.Simple installation , a little better throttle response , a little better fuel mileage.I always get these for the vehicles I own ; I like that they are cleanable/reusable and are really good at cleaning the air.Since the Honda Element is n't a hot-rod , I am not concerned with chasing more HP and torque - but I do like that this helps with efficiency and there is a tiny little bit more pep , plus I will not have to replace this .
 Q
 Dropped right into my 2008 Civic SI . VTEC does seem to have a slightly different tone to it now . Would recommend .
 This is the fourth K&N ; filter in the fourth car I 've owned.It 's a re-usable replacement for the factory air filter . All of the factory replacement filters come with a million mile warranty , so instead of having to replace them , you can clean and reuse them . Not only is it cost effective , but it 's convenient.It 's a 5 minute installation to remove the old air filter and drop in this new one.I 'd recommend these to anyone who owns a car .
 Item is exactly as described . . I bought it as a replacement for the factory filter in my 09 civic si . The only difference I noticed is the K&N filter is a little lower profile , but works just the same
 Look do n't buy a high-flow reusable air filter if you want the performance of a super-charger . If you want to never , ever have to replace an air filter -LRB- at $ 20 every 6k or 8k miles -RRB- then buy this ! Buy it now ! My Ele felt slightly more peppy off of the line but I believe that it was more placebo than actual performance gain . I have n't broken out the calculator and a fuel log to monitor any milage improvements . I like never having to buy a filter again as long as I maintain this one . Seriously , buy it.Oh if you are into the more tuner side of Ele 's than peep the K&N ; Typhoon FIPK that is supposed to have `` feel-it-in-your-pants '' improved performance and noticeable mpg increases . I shied away from it due to my own skepticism and the $ 100 + price tag .
 Easy to do & gas milage was improved over my dirty one . twelve , thirteen blah blah blag , is that 20 words yet
 The K&N 330-3243 air filter is a perfect fit for the 2008 Honda Civic Si air filter . Since it is reusable -LRB- with a recharge kit , sold separately -RRB- , it could be the last air filter I buy for this vehicle .
 This filter will pay for itself after 3-4 ` cycles ' of normal replacement . Seems solid , super easy to install . Came with a red ` STOP ' sticker to warn the shop mechanic that it 's not disposable , which is good .
 Just installed on my 08 Civic SI . Car idles better , acceleration feels a bit snappier , and exhaust tone sounds a bit throatier.The car would ` buck ' on cold starts -LRB- lower than 20 degrees -RRB- with the original air filter as I was driving away at slow speeds . This problem seems to be solved with the K&N ; air filter .
 This filter is good , not great . It improves the sound of the engine from about 4,000 rpm and up , it makes the engine a little smoother accelerating in low gears , but it does n't add any noticeable power . It improves fuel economy noticeably , and just for that and that I do n't have to pay for new filters , it is worth the money .
 I 've bought these filters for all of my cars , and they 've never disappointed . They keep you from paying $ 12 a shot for a new air filter every 12,000 miles , and they give you extra MPG and HP . All you have to do is take them out , clean them , and put them back in . It takes no time at all to do that ... the only thing that takes some time is letting the filter dry out after you washed it . Great investment for the long haul .
 I bought this filter for my 2006 Honda Civic Si . There 's no difference in power , although it does sound slightly louder . It 's a perfect fit in the existing airbox , and the installation takes about 2 minutes.The only tricky part about the installation is the windshield cowl that sticks over the engine bay , but no fault to K&N ; for Honda cramming everything into a tiny engine bay.The filter is washable , which means you wo n't have to buy a new filter ever again.I also noticed a slight -LRB- 1-2mpg -RRB- increase after installing this .
 Every time I get an oil change , the mechanic will go over the maintenance they recommend and I love hearing them say , no air filter because of the K&N ... . Love it ! just do n't forget to get a `` K&N recharge kit '' as this does need to be refreshed . I think K&N says 50,000 miles , but I do it at 5,000 just to keep it cleaner . Check YouTube for better recharge instructions !
 I 'll make this short and sweet . If you have an older Dodge pickup , and the cables have n't failed ... they are probably about to . Mine did.After wasting a trip to the junkyard to find replacements I ordered these . I wish I 'd done that first and saved all the diesel . These things are really well made and seem to be better quality than the junk that failed . Price is right also.P.S . You may need to get some large star sockets to take off the security bolts on the bed if you do n't already have a set .
 Purchases this strap for my Dodge and fit perfectly . Need a large torx bit to install but besides that easy .
 replaced OEM parts fine - other than the expected cracking plastic followed by rusting steel cable , these seem to be holding up okay
 These worked great for my 98 dodge ram . They look exactly like the ones I replaced . They seem good so far .
 This item fit installation points to a tee . I had it installed in minutes and looks great . My cables failed long ago as many dodge truck cables do and it was great to restore them , and get the proper use out of my tailgate . One minus was the box that they were shipped in was enormus for the product , which cost me more in shipping . Size counts !
 The Trifecta trifold pickup tonneau installed in less than 20 minutes . I 've opened it in good weather and after brushing 6 inches of snow off of it with equal ease . In addition , it has kept the truck bed dry . The only modification I 'd ask Extang to make is to use a fabric that is impenetrable in addition to being waterproof .
 Use this on my pellet stove as a backup power source in case of a power failure . Works well . Vendor shipped quickly .
 Great fit and firm ride . You only get one though . Unlike the shocks that came as a pair . I had to buy two of the struts . GR-2 the 2 is not for 2 of them .1993 Mustang LX 2.3 owner
 This rotor seems like a quality product , well built , solid , everything you 'd want from a standard rotor . Unfortunately it did n't fit my 2005 F-150 because it was for a 7 lug vehicle 4x4 -- mine is 6 lug 4x2 . Some of the F-150 trucks need 7 lugs if they have the heavy duty package installed . The 4x4 needs only the rotor , the 4x2 needs the rotor assembly and new spindle nut -LRB- 36mm , 295 lb ft torque -RRB- . The item description does a poor job of explaining these very major details . The correct rotor for the 6-lug standard duty 4x2 is the Motorcraft BRR143 . Now you know .
 i installed this on my mustang it has been almost a year , its still works great i have the solenoid facing up so the piece that pull the latch will never fall out . i recommend this product it very powerful enough to pull the latch no problem what so ever . good product . you just have to make sure it is installed vertically .
 I bought this for use on 42 inch Woods belly mower for my 1967 Farmall Cub tractor . The belt fit great and was true to measurements . I have used it for about a year to mow four acres with no excessive loosening or wear .
 I really dont know about the brakes running cooler and better but i have felt that the braking is much stronger and shorter on my bike.Easy to install , as soon as the wheels are off.They look great too.A good addition to the bike that has a purpose .
 These are a nice upgrade for cheaper compressors that wo n't seal good . This product does not depend on a rubber o-ring that could wear out . Instead it has two machined brass mating surfaces that should never wear out . The wing nut style allows you to get good leverage . Comes with two in a pack so that 's good too . Milton is the best brand around .
 I had to replace my drain on my air compressor and this fit the bill perfect . Easy to install and seals off the air just fine .
 will buy again . color matches trim . would be nice if drivers side was desinged to lock into the pin on the floor
 Perfect fit , keeps the car clean.Recommended for anyone that lives somewhere that it snows or frequently has messy feet .
 Nice big mats but they are universal mats . I bought these mats for a 2011 Kia Sedona . No custom mats were avalible . Better than local Walmart mats .
 I ordered these front floor mats for my 2010 Toyota Mini Van . Actually , the next time I by any I will order them in tan color , but grey works just fine . The mats are deeply grooved to keep water from running off of them onto the carpet . They are very sturdy and thick which will provide a long life . So far , I am totally satisfied . GOOD PRODUCT .
 Great product , but dont order it from TCP global they dropped shipment and never let me know what was going on . I finally got the item over a month after i purchased it .
 21st Century `` KNUCKLEBOARD `` Last time I saw one of these , Igor was riding it around in a horror movie ... PROS : Surprisingly well made sweat-shop product , made overseas -LRB- what is ` nt ? -RRB- However , this one WORKS.Generously sized overall frame and knee cupsIf you have to kneel , this is a MUST HAVE TOOL!Easily replaceable seat when it blows-out -LRB- and they all do -RRB- ! Although overpriced , may very well `` pay for itself '' for one job.CONS : Grossly overpriced $ $ $ $ - Not as durable as would appear.Casters same as found on `` XXXXXX freight '' $ 14.99 creeper , look to replacing these after a season of use.Thin & un-skinned foam knee pads ; soon crush flat under the average weight person where your knees will feel the recessed cup mounting bolt.Bicycle seat has limited adjustability for a `` one size fits all '' unit.Recycled audio plastic tool tray self-destructs from heavy tools OR if you miss the knee pad target area.If you work a job or have a task on your knees , you need RACATACCa n't loose buying it from AMAZON-Nice people , Low prices !!!
 I really like the versatility of this tool . After doing a few tile/grout cleaning and color seal jobs it was clear I needed some help , and this tool has proven to be a great addition . I love the fact that I no longer have to put knee pads on , and instead can simply jump into the Racatac since it has it 's own built in knee pads . I have a part time assistant who at first was n't sure he liked the tool , but now we seem to be fighting over who will use it ... lol , needless to say I suspect I will be looking to purchase another one of these for our team . There was also a good tip I found when I was doing research on the product ; when doing color seal jobs they recommended wrapping a piece of green frogs tape on each of the wheels , then once the job is completed just peel off the tape and this way you will always keep the wheels free of color seal , etc. . .
 These knee pads are great , I Install tile and these are the best pads so far with the seat it takes pressure off of your ankles and is really comfortable ! 175 $ is a little spendy but if they last well worth the investment !
 I purchased this as a gift for my father -LRB- approaching 60 -RRB- . He has been a Mechanic longer than I have been alive and loves to restore old cars but could n't do much brake work any more because his body hurt too much . He loves it and uses it all the time for various tasks that require kneeling . -LRB- The grand kids have a good time with it as well -RRB- . Great product and I have recommended it to several people I know with back and knee problems .
 I 've owned the racatac with 3 '' casters for over 5 years , using it professionally on the job , and have not regretted one moment of it . It is quality constructed with parts made from the `` East '' -LRB- the inventor tried to have his prototype built here with no success -RRB- , but it 's assembled here . I had the pleasure of meeting the inventor , a brick mason who wanted a better way to lay brick floors . It 's a really interesting story of necessity being the mother of invention ! The seat is super comfortable , yet allows for freedom of movement by not being too large . The knee pads are comfortable too , giving ample padding and a good grip to scoot around without slipping off . After 5 years of at least 10 hours a week , it shows very little wear-no tears in the seat or knee pads . Other than some sprinkles of paint and dust , it works the same as the day I bought it . I 've never even oiled the casters ! Although I 've used it outside , it sleeps inside so I have n't had any issues with moisture . After all this time , I 've decided to order the model with 2 '' casters to have a second racatac for home use . Originally , I too thought it was a little over-priced . But after all these years of comfortably rolling around enjoying my work , I 'm buying another to keep at home . They 're a bit cheaper than my first purchase , and I really love how comfortable it is doing uncomfortable work !
 These seat covers fit perfectly to my car . They are very comfortable and do not shift around when you move in the seat . The material is very soft and works well with seat heaters . Never would pick any other seat over .
 Not much to say ... it is well made and comfortable to use . Almost seems too good to use just changing oil filters . If you want the `` Cadillac '' of oil filter wrenches then this is your baby . .
 This is a great oil filter removing tool ! I bought a tool from NAPA , and it just did n't do the job . This is the best oil filter wrench I 've ever seen . Pricey , but a high quality tool that will probably last a lifetime !
 I 've installed this part before , and maybe I messed up , because 5 years later , the oil pan is leaking again.I do have a complaint about how Amazon is doing things . I got an opened box , and the wedge seal was missing . I had to buy one locally to complete my install.If Amazon is shipping out returned items , they should at least make sure that they are complete .
 After Hurricane Sandy we bought a generator and found out we needed a battery . Everyone I spoke to recommended this brand - after some additional research we decided this was the right one . It installed easily and is working perfectly .
 Good Product . I am using it to replace the original -LRB- starter -RRB- battery on my Swisher 41 '' mower that I pull with my ATV
 Same Fel-Pro quality as always.One note is that unlike nearly all gaskets sets for SBF 's this set includes molded rubber end seals for the intake . Most include cork/rubber composite seals that most people toss in the garbage and substitute RTV in their place . I myself have done just that many many times . Sometimes with perfect results , sometimes not . This is the second set I have used with these and they are great . Very positive seal , very simple to install.The valve cover gaskets are also a little different than most . Most sets come with cork/rubber and this set does too . What sets these apart though is that the lower half of the gasket is made of a higher temp material so they wo n't leak in time from the heat of the exhaust manifolds . Also , each hole has a bushing in it so that you can not crush the gasket from over tightening . This allows a much more positive torque of the bolts while allowing a controlled amount of preload on the gasket . Not quite as nice as the metal type with the rubber sealing bead on each side but the next best thing and so far , completely leak free.B
 What was in that BIG box in my front porch ? Another box that had K&N written all over it ! I had my cousin install this in my Hyundai Tiburon 2003 in around 45 minutes . And man does it make a world of a difference ! It breathes in new life to your engine and makes it sound vicious . It looks really cool too ! It matches well with my car because the previous owner had a red/black color scheme going on and I guess I 'm going to continue it :-RRB- you wo n't go wrong by buying this part and its a much better deal on here than on other sites .
 Great for a somewhat stiffer than stock improvement in handling -- do n't wait till you have 300,000 miles on your Saturn like I did . These Struts rock . Keep that Saturn going ! The KYB 234056 and KYB 234055 GR-2 Struts work together on the S-Series . Enjoy !
 We purchased these shocks for the rear of our Roadtrek 190V motorhome . After reading dozens of reviews on handling issues and the best shocks to buy , I consulted the local fleet shop . They use Monroe on most of the vehicles that they maintain , saying thst Monroe designs shocks for specific applications , and not just for the vehicle . These shocks were manufactured for use on motorhomes where the competition uses the same shock for cargo vans and motorhomes . There 's quite a differnce in weight and application . We 're very pleased with these shocks , and had matching Monroes installed in the front . Good ride , good handling and good value for the money .
 quality product backed by excellent customer service . the customer service went out of their way to be extra helpful . what more can you ask for ?
 The mudflaps fit great and were easy to install under 30 minutes with minimal tools just a drill and screwdriver
 This replacement thermostat is superior to other -LRB- cheaper -RRB- replacement brands because it has a jiggle valve , just like the original . And it is just built better . I tried a cheaper alternative which did n't have the jiggle valve and the overheating problems returned . The system bled correctly with the new thermostat and I do n't have to keep one eye on the temperature gauge all the time .
 This thermostat is an exact match to the original OEM unit . It has the important jiggle bi-pass valve that not all replacements have as they should.I had it installed along with my scheduled timing belt / water pump change-out , and it is rock steady on the gauge.Good product from a reputable manufacturer .
 This product is really awesome ! it was super easy to install and took me about an hour and a half to get it in ! I drive a Mazda 3 manual 2.0 and have test driven it with both the short ram and cold air intake set up . both are great ! gives your car a more aggressive sound , throttle , and shift response . its much better giving me the chance to drive a little harder and more fun or slower with better gas mileage -LRB- really ! I hit 412 miles on one tank of gas -RRB- , only 100 miles of that was freeway . Also the coolest thing is the A/C does n't kill my power so much any more and it gets colder air faster even with the a/c off and just cool air blowing in . Short air works less as well on hot days when your car has been sitting in the sun for a while so cold air tube is better for that and short air in the fall and winter . Its super easy to switch which takes about 15 mins to do so . I highly recommend this product for any car lover that wants a safe easy project to do . Thanks Amazon for making it cheaper to get a K&N matches my car too
 This was installed on my 2005 Mazda3 S , Manual Trans . I 'm only giving this a 4 star instead of a 5 star because the original version that I purchased , had a weld fail where it mounts to the frame . That was a design flaw since the engine always moves a little on it 's mounts when you drive , but the pipe was bolted to the frame which does not . Overtime this weakened the weld and it finally gave and left a gaping hole in the pipe . The new design has the pipe mounted to the engine so it moves with the engine . So far so good . I have n't noticed any leaks or cracks . It does make your car intake sound louder , and makes an audible `` Whooshing '' sound when you are accelerating . In terms of improvement in power no one will ever be able to tell the difference . I have it because I like K&N air filters and how easy it is to clean and re-oil . On the install be careful not to over tighten the clamps as it will actually damage the soft pipe .
 This is a good part , matches OEM specs . This shock has an adjustable dial that controls rebound in 1-8 increments . It fits perfect in my 1995 Nissan 200SX aka Sentra .
 These struts are stiffer than original , but greatly improved handling on my 1993 Geo Prizm . Night and day difference , and when I had to slam on my brakes to avoid a driver drifting into my lane on the highway through a turn in the wet , good tires and suspension allowed me to recover , and probably saved my life . Glad I made the purchase , and will buy GR2 's again in the future .
 Put these on my daughters 2001 Corolla CE , You need to know what you are doing and have the correct tools to install these shocks !! If you have a spring compressor and know how to bleed brake lines you will be good to go -LRB- I had a AST Certified Mechanic helping me with access to the Toyota manual -RRB- . The most challenging part was figuring out how to remove the back seat to get to the top on the shocks , the rest was straight forward removal and install . PS The shocks look nothing like the picture posted .
 Picked up the rear shocks for the wife 's 1996 corolla since after about 100K the OEM ones needed replacing . Put these on -LRB- much longer to install than the fronts -RRB- , and am very happy.Ride is much stiffer and a bit bouncey , but much improved handling over the blown OEM ones . For the price , I 'm 100 % satisfied.Also ordered the KYB dust boot cover , a bit pricey but worth it in the end since the OEM existing ones were all brittle and showed its age . Its two piece , easy to slip on and adjust . *** A tip for those installing these shocks , if you cut a small slit w/the grinder on the tab that holds the brake line , you can slip the brake line in and out of the shock without removing the brake line and spending time bleeding the brakes . After you cut the tab , bend it up with a plier and after you slip the line in , bend it back to how the tab was originally and then pop in the locking brake line clip . A little trick that saves lots of time.Just ordered the front ones since they were out of stock , awaiting them to come in ...
 The Vaper 19302 Disposable air line filter is perfect for fine finish spray gun applications . Not a speck of water got through to ruin my finish . Easy to install using a male air coupling on one end and a female air coupling on the other , and do not forget the teflon tape on the threads . Install filter on air input of your spray gun and you will have a beautiful finished product . I like this product much more than the permanent air filters that you drain once in awhile and then have to replace the expensive inner filter.In fact I will be ordering more soon , this product is A + + + + + + +
 I have n't used them yet , but as a disposable item , I 'm sure they 'll work great . I will likely buy again .
 Most brake fluids are DOT 3 - good enough for the street and normal driving -LRB- if there is such a thing -RRB- . If , however , you run your car at high speed events like your Porsche , BMW , Ferrari , etc. , club track days , DOT 3 just wo n't cut it.DOT 4 grade brake fluid has a higher boiling point so it helps prevent bubbles forming in the caliper at high disc brake temperatires . When you 're really hammering the brakes -LRB- braking from triple digit speeds lap after lap -RRB- the heat in the disc and caliper can get so high that it can cause the fluid to boil and at best , give a spongy brake pedal feel . At worst , your brakes can go away completely -LRB- that 's change your shorts time ! -RRB- . ATE makes a good quality product . They make brake components -LRB- e.g. , calipers -RRB- so they really know what works.I -LRB- and many of my track-junkie friends -RRB- have been using this fluid with good luck for years in our German cars . Also important , it has never damaged the seals -LRB- I am told that it can happen with some products -RRB- . Change your brake fluid at least once a year and bleed it before every track event for maximum safety.NOTE
 This product goes in every performance car I drive . It was delivered fast . The blue color allows for ease of flushing the lines if you alternate between blue and clear . The metal can is optimal for storage . Apparently this fluid allows for a longer service life but once every year or two on a street driven car works just fine for me . I would change mine when it 's time to go to a winter or summer tire setup .
 This is some GREAT STUFF especially if you are needing to do a system flush . Pedal feels great with this in the system .
 I swapped the fluid in my 370z over to this stuff and am very happy with it . IT does what its supposed to do .
 I bought this fluid so I would not have to worry about boiling my brake fluid . The product does what it should . No complaints here . Love the blue color because it makes it easy when you change fluids .
 own older corvette , since switching to this fluid have not had brakes leak fluid past the caliper seals . had to replace calipers every year prior to using this fluid . but not any more ...
 This brake fluid has been absolutely great for the track . I can push the brakes as hard as I need to and the pedal will not get soft .
 I have used this fluid on my RSX Type S for track days and occasional mountain driving . It has proved to be a great addition while upgrading your brake pads and rotors .
 I use this stuff in my auto-x car and my daily driver . It works fantastic for preventing boiling when I am auto-xing , and it has a long life , so thats a win for my DD . 2000 Honda Civic DX auto-x and 2003 Pontiac Vibe DD . A little pricy , but it gets the job done .
 Its BLUE !! what else is there to say . Looks pretty cool in your master brake cylinder . Nice for bleeding brakes if you have original fluid color in there . Makes it real easy to tell when you have flushed the entire brake line . But if you dont need it to be blue , save some money and just buy some DOT4 at your local auto store .
 I used ATE Super Blue Racing Brake Fluid Dot 4 for 9 years on my 911 Carrera 4 . I feel it to be most superior product for high performance vehicles . The seller I purchased it from was most accomodating and would definitely purchase again this and other products they may offer .
 Excellent transaction , easy to do business with , fast shipping . Overall Excellent .
 This will fix your problem for a fraction of the cost of autoparts stores ! And it 's a quality product ! Made In USA !
 The Leather Magic Nubuck Conditioner . Oh , wow this stuff is good . I used it on a very thirsty sad Tano bag , and it rejuvenated the bag instantly . It also conditioned two pairs of Frye boots perfectly , without leaving a shiny finish . I can see this conditioner working on a wide range of leather , washed leather , & suede products quite nicely.The other products from the Nubuck kit did n't impress me as much . The cleaner did n't do much to help me with my current LP bag issue , brought on from using Leather Honey , but it may work well with a lighter requirement or suede products . The ink stain remover is quite strong , and actually stained my bag . I only used it on a small area were the ink is prevalent and washed it away instantly with warm water . It still removed the color from the bag , but thankfully is on the back . The brush still remains untested . The conditioner is probably the only thing I 'll keep re-buying from this company .
 I 've owned a lot of leather care products , and I am most impressed with the way this product cleans , protects , and shines .
 I HAVE POSTED TONS OF PICTURES ABOVE FOR COMPARISONDenso IK20 = Electrode .4 mm -LRB- rated 30k -RRB- high performance , low mileageNGK BKR6EIX-11 = Electrode .6 mm -LRB- rated 60k-70k -RRB- mid , midNGK IFR6T11 OE = Electrode .7 mm -LRB- rated 120k -RRB- stock performance , high mileageDenso SK20R11 -LRB- OEM long life -RRB- = Electrode .7 mm -LRB- rated 120k -RRB- stock performance , high mileageHope this helps . These are 4 top-rated plugs . Rated mileage varies on these plugs depending on various factors of your engine . Keep your engine fuel clean and u should be fine . Toyota recommends the SK20R11 but I found in the owners manual that the discontinued `` IFR6A11 '' is also comparable replacement , the new one is the IFR6T11.I 've tried SK20R11 and it lasted about 110k but there was some compression leak -LRB- plugs were still good though -RRB- . All of these are excellent plugs . I have not tried IK20s yet but will purchase some though the 30K life is pretty short . I hate the 1mz-fe engines with the 3 rear plugs which are a * bleep * to change . Anyone have tried all three or either of them should give us some insights.According to a previous review , if the IK20 gives a 1 % -5 % increase in fuel efficiency then you should opt for the IK20s because it pays for itself within a few thousand miles provided you have the time to change them out without too much inconvenience . I do n't buy into the MPG hype but i 'll try it out since I have the IK20s already .
 I just Installed these Spark Plugs in my 03 Toyoto Highlander V6 , If your not a good mechanic with a good set of tool 's I would not attempt this project . The front 3 are easy , the rear 3 is really hard to a access . However if you remove some of the interference such as the speed control cable , PVC valve and hose it can be done . I have 95000 miles on my highlander , the new plugs made the engine purr like new .
 I noticed an immediate change . It feels slightly faster and less gas hungry ! First ever plugs that do that . Very nice
 They are well built , the plug gap -LRB- distance between the two electrodes -RRB- from the factory are correct , and I installed them without any problems . I only ran them for about 10,000 miles on my 1998 4 cylinder engined Camry so I ca n't really tell its durability yet .
 From grrrrrr to fvrrrrrm , recommend these plugs . Used to change out 55k 12 year old OEM plugs on a 98 Impreza . Time will tell on mileage ...
 Hard to tell if these are really good plugs without doing some sort of horsepower/mpg test but I think I noticed the truck running smoother . The price was great .
 I 've put this so far into a 2003 toyota matrix xrs , a mazda protege5 2002 , and a lexus gs400 . In just about each and every car I put them in I 've felt a difference in performance , and a slight 4-5 percent increase in fuel economy . Note though the up in fuel economy was due to worn older sparks . So just remember if you 're losing mpg 's try swapping out sparks it will make a difference .
 Be careful with the plug selector on this page for these plugs . For my '97 Mazda Miata , it recommended the BKR6EIX-11 , which is correct for earlier 1.6 L Miatas -LRB- ' 90 - ' 93 -RRB- , but incorrect for later 1.8 L cars , ' 94 - ' 97 , which should be the BKR5EIX-11 . Luckily , I had an old set of plugs from a year ago , and noticed the different number before I installed the 6EIX plugs I 'd ordered . When I double-checked by using the NGK plug-finder on the NGK.com site , it confirmed the 5EIX was the correct plug for the 1.8 cars . -LRB- There 's a reverse system on the NGK site , just insert a plug number and it 'll give you a list of all the appropriate cars for that particular plug . -RRB- Amazon was great in taking care of a super quick return . The only problem was that I could n't do a straight exchange , it had to be a separate return and new order . I 'm a prime member , and they did offer a free upgrade to one-day instead of two-day shipping for the new plugs , proving once again that Amazon is really great on customer service !
 I had Bosch platinum +4 spark-plugs for over 4 years now and figured its a good time to replace it . It fits my Eclipse 2000gt and works perfectly .
 '97 Camry , after replace spark plugs with NGK Iridium plugs engine sounds more powerful . Should last another 100.000 miles . Would recommend to use this product . Amazon delivered one day early than scheduled .
 As i have 2 Australian made Toyotas my Corolla has been using Iridium Plugs now for about 55,000 klms with no problems has better fuel economy since purchased so i have put Iridiums in my Wifes Camry and running better now than with Toyota factory issue plugs so recommend to anybody to use if possible Thank-you
 Arrived quickly and as stated . It seems as though there is more power than with the previous platinum plug . I found out after the fact that the local auto part store had it for a few bucks less .
 Length :
 Ok , I got ta say i got this for the carb i bought just so i could have something to tinker with in AIT training . It was easy to put on and i ca n't wait to get home and put it on a car .
 Great product . I loved this frame so much , I just purchased a second one for the front of my car .
 This product was received in a timely manner and good condition and was as advertized . Quality was excellent and fit without modification .
 Great product , super fast shipping , works great with any slide hammer , saves a lot of time !
 fdagvsfd fvsdfz fad vdg tr g trg tr gtg trg rtg r g g regref re fg f gf gf
 I purchased a set for my husband last year and for my 1997 Toyota 4-runner this year and just installed them . I bought the black and cream front bucket seats only and they look wonderful . Very easy to install and in fact was easier than in my husbands car so not sure if the product has been redone . My drivers seat was becoming very worn looking and now looks like I have a new car . The set I bought last January for my husband still looks very nice . He hauls guys around a lot and if they get dirty , just wipe them off . I would highly recommend them .
 I have not actually installed this piece yet , but it is in sound condition and clean . Prior to buying this I searched all over to determine if it included the gasket or not . I finally consult an autoparts store online which said it did not . Lies . It does , in fact , include the gasket ... The small round thing in the bottom right of the picture is it coiled up -LRB- as I had initially suspected -RRB- . No need to go and purchase a gasket . I 'm putting this on a 2000 Honda Prelude , with theBeck Arnley 173-7988 Ignition Rotoras well . Having misfires ? For the price , ca n't go wrong in diagnosing it by trying these parts .
 this is a complete kit idler pulley , tensioner pulley , and the belt.suitable for most replacement needs.this also works for the dodge avenger 2.5 v6 as well even though it is not listed.i have used many of these kits on cars as i am an autotechnician.the parts wharehouse in my town sells this for 67.00 my cost.and its under 45 bucks here no brainer.great kit at a great price.but some one needs to sell the tb259lk1 kits here on amazon!they include the water pump and hydralic tensioner .
 This clutch works like a champ ! Put it on this week and it bites like a bad asz clutch and wud recomend it for a everday clutch
 So far it is working great with my project . I did install a master switch to avoid accidentally leaving some of the switches in the ON position . The switches do not have indicators that will let you know if they are on by just looking at the switches . Once I turn on the master switch , I can turn on the equipment I need with the touch pad .
 I am happy with this product it preforms well the only thing I wish it had was a lighted gel pad other then that I would recommend it to others to check it out .
 a little pricey but very high quality . i love the snap caps too they look awesome
 The license frame looks good , not some cheap plastic frame , but nice chrome . Would recommend to others .
 This unit works great as a simple tool for any electronics hobbyist or student , and is a nice thing to have for anyone . Use it to charge your cell phone battery when your charger wo n't , or diagnose problems around the house . The variable voltage and current control work as expected ; a red light illuminates when in current control mode . BK Precision offers quality products at a great price .
 I 've had this unit for about two years now . I mainly used it to work on class projects , but now it 's great for troubleshooting things around the house . I mostly use the variable output because of the current limiting feature -LRB- for safety -RRB- . It has n't had any problems so far and I would recommend B+K products for their great value .
 Even though these bump stops are not exactly like the ones that came on my RV on a P-30 chasis , they bolted right on and will work fine . I should never have to replace them again . The originals , made from rubber had deteriated to being totally junk . I could crush them with my hands . These , made of polyurethane will be much more durable .
 These bump stops are shaped very close to the factory originals , except that , these are polyurethane , way better . I have been replacing the original stops with the more commonly available tapered and round stops . When the frame comes down on the axle , which is round , it defects it forward or backward , and it does n't take too long before it shears it off at it 's metal attachment . These are longer and like the originals will hit square on and should last a very long time .
 I purchased these for use on my 2001 F250 to make carrying my truck camper more stable . It 's a pretty dramatic improvement when the camper is loaded . The rear suspension had to move nearly 2 inches before the factory overload spring came into play . With these extension on it comes into play all the time . With the camper loaded , these extensions significantly improve the latteral stability , and ride quality while reducing rear sag.The downside is that because the overload springs are engaged even when the truck is unloaded , ride quality unloaded has degraded somewhat . Optimally these would be .5 inches shorter for my specific application , to allow for a little smoother unloaded ride quality .
