 The velcro sticks to the mirror , the clock doesnt stick to the sticky back part of the velco . Keeps falling off . Keeps time otherwise .
 Amazon should remove this product from their offerings ... it is completely useless !! There 's a plastic &#34; plug &#34; in the back that is supposed to hold the battery in . It wo n't close at all ... I ended up taping it shut but the tape wo n't hold - so the clock does n't run . I had to throw it away . Not even worth paying the postage to return it to Amazon . This clock is garbage - do n't buy it !!
 Waste of money . After inserting battery a time is displayed , but not the correct time . The directions are to press MODE button to set . Nothing happened when MODE button was pressed . No way to change time or set at all . Too inexpensive to return so this is just a loss .
 Purchased this hitch based on the Product Description on the Amazon web page which stated it would fit on a 2002 Honda Civic , would install in 20 minutes and , most important to me , it required NO drilling into the car 's body . First , the photo on the web page showed a receiver hitch which was completely different from the hitches I received . -LRB- I returned the original hitch and reordered after talking with Amazon 's rep on the phone . -RRB- Second , both hitches , Models 11206 and 112062 , are the same hitch and both require drilling 4 holes in the floor pan of the trunk . I 'm still searching for a Class 1 receiver hitch which requires no drilling .
 You do n't need it if you have a 90 's Toyota 4Runner , just install a mounting bracket that comes with your aftermarket radio .
 The item states '' -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- '' which to anyone means literally a package whose contents is 4 of whatever you 're ordering . In this case , spark plugs . Do not buy these plugs ! They do not come in packs of 4 ! They are severely overpriced ! I ordered a quantity of 2 packs of 4 spark plugs , when I got the plugs in the mail I got 2 plugs . I called the seller and he told me it was amazon 's error on the listing title , whatever ! Fortunately the seller took them back and gave me a refund , so I ca n't say anything bad about his misleading listing . Unless you like paying almost double , do n't buy these plugs from this listing .
 These straps are WAY too long . The original ones on the jeep were about an inch shorter which kept the door from flying open and tapping against the front of the jeep . When I ordered the strap I had to be very specific about which jeep I owned , so I expected the same size strap . NOPE .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I bought this brake pad for my car and start squeaking noise immediately after installed . Amazon offered me a replacement .
 This product looks like the one it replaced , but was too big for the motor housing . I tossed the worn out gear so I could not make a comparison , but this gear was at least 2mm too big to fit in the housing for the window motor on my 1991 Ford Tempo . In additon , the package itself states 62 teeth on the gear , but the Amazon website says 52 . Be sure to measure your gear and compare it to the measurements on this website first before ordering .1 / 28 Update . Found out that even though product was stated on Amazon 's website as fitting my 1991 Ford Tempo , but did not fit , and that I was the one who had to find a box to ship it back in , and to pay postage to do so of around 3 bucks . Frustrating . The product was sent to me in a bubble wrapped manila envelope -LRB- which caused the plastic packaging inside to be smashed , but not the part . -RRB- , but I had to ship it back in a box . Again , frustrating , but I buy things from Amazon , so I already had a small box to do so . Now I am just waiting for a credit .
 Buyer CAUTION
 I entered the stats for my 1994 Honda Civic and was told this is the mat for my car . When I got it , it was a good fit except for the passenger side of the dash . It is too big on that side . I thought maybe I got the wrong one , so I came back to Amazon and looked at it again carefully and got the same model number . I searched online at found other sites recommending this same DashMat model number and this is the model number I kept getting for my car . So , because I needed one really bad and did n't know what else to do , I had to alter it myself to fit , which is OK , because I 'm a seamstress and I know how to alter , but this problem needs to be remedied by the manufacturer .
 the photo ad is misleading as it pictures the rails , but rail installation kit does not include rails , so i had to reorder rail which came with installation kits . need to return the rail install kit .
 There are actually No RAILS in the package . You only get the L brackets used to mount rails . The picture is very mis leading . I see see the picture has now been changed . HOWEVER , absolutly no problem returning the item for a refund . Thanks for that part for sure !
 I do not recommend ordering this Item from Amazon . The description for the Valley 65980 Class II Receiver Hitch comes with the `` Ball mount , pin and clip are included with this hitch . All Valley trailer hitches have a limited lifetime warranty . `` Mine did not ! Called customer support , they wanted me to return the Item that took over a week to ship . It came open without being boxed or protected very well.Asked Amazon to ship the missing items and they stated `` I would have to return the Hitch . '' Looks like I will have to purchase the other items at my cost . I will never order for Amazon again.The photo and what you get is different as well . But I was going off the text and description . Further more Amazon staff just hung up the phone while I was talking to them . Customer service with Amazon is poor .
 This product is of very limited use . Does n't provide enough exoxy resin and does n't provide the repair as advertized . I 'd recommend other repair options .
 This is a very bad product , Just like the Auto Dash Repair I did n't get the Heat IRON and it did n't work fix nothing at all , MONEY WASTED
 Got scraped and broked open in 5 days . Outside diameter gets bigger during compression and gets in contact with inside diameter of coil spring . Not correct fitment and design for Honda Cr-V 2005 .
 poor materialinstalled easy enough but after just one winter in MI , the boots have cracked and no longer serve the purpose for which they were bought ... to protect . should have bought a different material based boot ...
 If you are looking at this product because it came up under bump stops for a Toyota MR2 Spyder , do not get them . They are not the right part and will not fit . Other than incorrect fitment they are a good product and seem to be well made .
 I tried this after a few months and it did n't work . The phone number on their website -LRB- 800-372-3815 -RRB- is disconnected , and they do n't answer emails . There are no other numbers available for Startmeup2 or `` Automotive Energy Systems '' .
 Mirror itself was fine , but the supplied tape attachment for the 98 Mustang is useless . Mirror loosened up in the summer heat and wind buffeting , then fell on the ground and broke .
 BOUGHT THIS FOR MY CHEVY S10 BUT THE HITCH WAS NOT WIDE ENOUGH TO MOUNT . THE PRODUCT INFO SAID IT WOULD FIT MY TYPE OF TRUCK WITH NO PROBLEM . I FINALLY SOLD THIS FOR 100 TO SOMEBODY ELSE .
 Sprocket supplied incorrect . Even with all the correct model details supplied . A total waste of time and money.Dont get caught
 Amazon part finder confirmed that this part would fit my 2008 Honda Accord . IT DID NOT !!!
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This product does not work , instead use Barkeepers Friend from the grocery store . It will take some elbow grease , but in the end it works . I am going to try making a paste out of it and them use a small buffer .
 Took 4 days to give the order any attention and ship . Another week after that to arrive.Slowest retailer ever encountered on amazon .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Ordered two of the identical item from Amazon . Both arrived in the same box but are distinctly different parts - one is all rubber and looks just like the part in the picture , the other does not have the intermediate webbing and looks to be rubber laminated over a metal core . The kicker is that both parts have the identical part number on the plastic packaging - so this seems to be an issue of consistent supply , not necessarily Amazon 's fault . Physical dimensions are very close but the `` elasticity '' is way different - the all rubber part having -LRB- as would be obvious -RRB- way more `` give '' than the rubber/metal part.So in summary , let the buyer beware - probably best to look at these physically in a local autoparts store than buying them online from Amazon .
 Notice that this picture of the product is for a front strut assy . When I received my order , I got the rear assy . A little research and lo and behold the part no. 171831 is for a rear strut . The quality of the parts looks excellent .
 Yes ... this connector is very expensive for what it is . Should cost no more than a few bucks . But what can you do when Ford puts in cheap OEM connectors that break ? You 'll have to bite the bullet and pay for this replacement ... until you get another car that is not a Ford product .
 Just is n't loud enough to overcome the distance to the ear and wind noise above 60mph in a fullface.I bought an in ear phone with mic and it works much better .
 The first one that I got installed easily and worked fine . I was able to make voice calls while riding . I had to boost the volume of my music files in order to hear my tunes . That one failed about eight months later . IMC honored the warranty and replaced it with a new unit that did n't cancel noise as well as the first one . I had to stop and turn the motor off in order to make a voice call . Also , the wires between the speakers and mic seemed to be a little shorter which determined which side the mic and the wire that came out of the helmet were to be on . I also had to unwind the the wire around the speaker magnets in order place the speakers inline with my ears . I 'm having trouble with this headset after about six months . I wanted a cheaper alternative to the more pricey headsets and got the trouble I did n't pay for . I recommend that one should pay more to get more dependability .
 I use this in a full face helmet and I have 2 issues with this product . First the volume is way too low , I can not hear any phone calls . Also when using it for music on my iPhone I can barely hear the music going 50-70MPHs . The other issue is the connector at the helmet is a big block and it does not feel good against your neck . I had to keep adjusting the cable while riding which is n't safe . This also does not allow you to switch the headphones out for better ones unless you cut the cord . The cord is almost too short if you have a handlebar mount for your phone . The cord needs to be about a foot longer for this setup .
 The part in the box does n't match either the image on Amazon 's site or the Dorman catalog . Where this matters is in the area around the water port on the driver 's side . Here , especially at the corner closest to the center of the cover , the contour of the gasket surface does n't match the gasket provided with either a Motorcraft or GMB water pump . The result is that in this area there is only about 1/16 '' of gasket actually compressed between the cover and the pump plate . I wound up filling the area with J-B Weld and milling it flat to get around the problem and avoid a leak . The part that came in the Dorman box is the EXACT SAME part that came in an Engine Quest box , marked with part number TC351F -LRB- same tooling marks ; identical in every respect -RRB- . It appears that the two companies are sharing tooling .
 I purchased this horn , had it professionally installed , and it worked great for 4 months ! Then it started to not work when it got hot . Finally , 2 months later it died . I had the wiring checked and there is nothing wrong with the installation . The device just does not hold up . I called Amazon and they were no help on getting me a replacement . Finally they gave me the website for the manufacturer . I left them some feedback and 2 weeks later have not heard from them . I told Amazon not to sell this product any more . If you are reading this , they still are . I strongly suggest you NOT purchase it !
 I had this product installed in a 2009 Subaru . The sound was too high pitched , and did n't have the same satisfying sound as classic aoogah horns . After functioning for under 4 months , it has broken.It cost me a lot to get it installed , and now it 's garbage .
 This is not what we wanted & there is no way to return it . A waste of $ 30 + ! Supposedly - it fit a bicycle - NOT !
 I bought this as a gift for my mother . We finally installed it last week . It worked once , then quit . Unfortunately too much time had passed , and we ca n't return it .
 I give this one star because I do n't know how it works ! It came missing some parts ... screws or something ... and I could not get the problem resolved even by calling Amazon.com . So someone else will have to attest to the fact that it really works ! JM , Fairmont , WV : -RRB-
 I ordered this part from AutoPartsWAY and they sent me the wrong part . I wanted ` ReadyLift 66-2515 Leveling Kit with Track Bar Bracket for F350/F450 4WD ' they sent me a part for a toyota , not an f350 . When I contacted them , I got an auto form with a return label , but no personal communication and it was not clear whether I had the option to replace the wrong part for the correct part -LRB- which is what I wanted -RRB- . I did eventually get my money back , but was still out a few weeks of waiting -LRB- since I was still hoping to get the correct part and did not know that I was going to have my money refunded isntead -RRB- and had to order the correct part from someone else .
 This does not fit a land cruiser , although the page says it does , it 's for a rav4 . It was delivered in a box that was not secure , it fell out of the box just missed my foot and I had to fight with the company to return it . They said I ordered the wrong item , I said you 're selling the wrong hitch for land cruisers . Steer clear of this den of thieves .
 looks nice but did n't fit , amazon said it would fit my 2003 honda accord EX-L , when i unscrewed the factory ones and tried to screw these on i could n't the hole on this one is too big so the piston just falls right now and it does n't tighten because the thread ai n't catching anything because its too big , wish they would know better than to say its fits if it in fact would n't , waste of money
 I tried using this siphon to get gas from my Volvo and from my BMW.It did n't work for either vehicle . Furthermore , as I was removing the siphon from my BMW , the valve at the bottom became stuck and would n't come out . I had to visit a mechanic to take it out ... Based on the physics involved , I 'm sure this product would work fine in other applications , but I would advise against trying to use it to siphon gas from cars .
 it does not work good with automobiles . the little end piece will fall off . i am disappointed .
 Maybe it 's me , but the thing worked great the first time or two , but not does n't - this despite jiggling the thing for 5-10 minutes .
 This thing was a piece of junk . I followed the directions to the letter and was never able to get it to work . I got mad enough at it that I chucked it in the lake . The package it came in said that it `` Works like magic ! '' ... The only magical thing that occurred what that 20 dollars of my money disapeared . In the end , I had to siphon the old fashoned way ... My mouth and a hose .
 I was not able to shake this fast enough to make it start.I gave it away .
 I tried to use it to siphon gas out of my gas tank for the generator . I could n't get it to work .
 I must have misunderstood how this siphon works . I have never been able to get it work at all . I have tried every possible method and no luck . I understand how gravity works but apparently this device does n't . If you get it to work , more power to you .
 It is my worst purchase from Amazon - ever , and if I could give it zero stars , I would give zero . I put the pump inside the gas tank of my car , and the metal part remained inside of the tank , apparently forever .
 I tried to remove gasoline from my snowblower tank and could n't maintain a continuous flow to siphon ` all ' of the gas out of the tank . It does n't work for small amounts of gas in the bottom of the tank . I 'm going to try Terapump rotary manual drum pump which has good reviews .
 My first time using this -LRB- I never did get the siphon action to start -RRB- , a ball bearing fell out of the end and into the gas tank of my generator , rendering the siphon quite useless . Now I have no siphon and a ball bearing that I have to try to get out of the gas tank . Not only was this product a waste of money , but it was harmful besides .
 This worked good at first . It was very easy to get the siphon started . The problem is the brass piece on the end came off in the fuel tank when I went to pull the hose out . If the end piece was secured to the hose better I would give it 5 stars .
 The foot valve will not fit into most tanks to be able to fill the hose . Might work well for drums and such
 Tried to use the siphon but could not get any continuous flow - it would flow while &#34; jerking &#34; up and down until the level of fuel dropped to about an inch and then the flow stopped . So now your left with fuel in the tank and look for another siphon . Previous reviewers have noted this - I should have listened .
 I saw the video of the guy using this siphon , but I did not get the same instant results . I shook this thing and shook it , but had minimal flow and difficulty transfering fuel from one 5 gallon tank to 5 gallon tank . Sometimes it would initiate only to dispense a little gas . After a half hour of this nonsense I had to resort to inhaling on one end of the tube to start the flow -LRB- something I thought I would not have to do with this item -RRB- and it started and continued the flow - same result would have occured with a garden hose .
 Wish this thing sucked in a good way . Very difficult to get started . Would only use for toxic liquids in confined container . The instructions show this being used to get water out of pool - would never waste my time starting when could just submerge the entire hose first or use mouth suction . If need to get something toxic out of container -LRB- such as gasoline -RRB- then spending a few minutes getting this inefficient , crude valve to function has a purpose . I have a motor scooter and occasionally need to empty the gas tank so will keep it considering it 's not worth the hassle of a return . Will definitely not use for draining the fish tank .
 I think this product is designed for bigger water like swimming pool , not siphoning the gas from my snow blower .
 This siphon clearly states it can be used for `` Auto '' . It can-not ! I specifically bought it to use in an emergency to siphon gas from my car into a gas can , to put in my generator . Hurricane Sandy happened . I opened it up to use , but it did n't fit down into the gas tank . Maybe its good for other things , but not `` Auto '' .
 This siphon will not get past the too small opening in either of my Honda 's so I 'm going to need to return it . It would help if the manufacturer provided a web link to which vehicles it will and wo n't work with .
 I bought this to drain gas out my snowblower in the summer so it would not get old and give me starting problems next winter . Well it did not work ! There is not enough room in the small gas tank of a snowblower to jerk the thing up and down to get the siphon action working . It was a real mess . I washed it out and sent it back . Do n't waste your time and money . Big PIA if you know what I mean !
 Basically you can use this to siphon if you have at least a foot deep of liquid to siphon . Per the instructions , `` Move pump vigorously in an up and down motion '' does mean vigorous - you need to really shake this thing up and down . In liquids with just a few inches of water , you end up getting bubbles in as much as you do liquid.An despite the `` suggested uses '' of `` Cars '' , the pump nozzle does not fit into a gas tank , nor can it be used to syphon oil , antifreeze or any other common fluid in cars because of the large size of the nozzle and the need to `` move pump vigorously . `` Spend a few dollars more and get a real pump that fits a car gasoline inlet and does n't make you go through contortions to get it to work .
 First of all , the level of gas in whichever tank you need to remove gasoline from dictates how much room you have to work with for priming the siphon . You need to move it up and down very quickly , ideally ensuring that the metal tip remains submerged throughout the process . There is a metal ball in the tip of the hose . Pushing the tip straight down into the gasoline lets gas flow in as the ball moves up toward the tube . Pulling the tip up forces the ball back to the tip and blocks the flow of water out of the tube . If you have enough liquid in the tank , you can get it started fairly easily , because each stroke allows a nice amount of gas to go into the tube.The problem is getting it started on tanks where the gasoline level is n't at least around six inches . Portable generators , for example , usually have flat and wide tanks , making it very difficult to remove the gas from with this tool . Cars built in this millennium have mesh guards , so siphoning gas out of a car is for the movies only . This product would be useful for people who store large amounts of gas in a container that could n't be poured from . I 'd argue that someone who could n't lift a 3-5 gallon tank probably could n't get this siphon started , as it takes some vigorous motion to get it started . For most folks , I just do n't see a practical use for this .
 I bought this to be able to siphon gas from my 2010 Hyundai , but the pump fitting on the end that must go into the tank through the gas filler , is too large in diameter to fit . Also the hose does n't appear to be long enough to reach very far down into the tank anyway .
 I purchased this item to help empty the gas tank on my home generator . I thought it would be better than sucking on a tube to get the gas flow started . Well , it did n't work . I played with the metal end in the tank , pumping it up and down , and got the flow started weakly but as soon as I stopped `` pumping '' the gas flow quit . After 5 or 10 minutes playing with the thing I grabbed the free end and sucked on it once . The gas now started to flow strongly . . like it 's susposed to . It looks like I just bought a plastic tube that I could have purchased at the local hardware store . This thing might work for other jobs but not mine .
 will not even start to siphon from a 8kw generator ... can not figure out to make this work with any small device
 I successfully used the Targus PAPWR005U power inverter on a 400 + mile trip to power my Mac PowerBook G4 -LRB- to watch DVDs -RRB- with the kids . Unfortunately it only made the one trip . The next week , on another 400 + mi car ride , the inverter started beeping constantly and then went into shutdown mode , I 'm assuming because it was drawing too much power and was overheating . At 90 Watts , the power output matched the power draw from the Mac PowerBook , but did n't have enough umph to spare . I 'd caution everyone to check the power rating on their laptop power bricks first before using it with a power inverter . Get an inverter that is at least 1.5-2x the power rating of the device you want to use .
 The first and only time I tried using this for a legitimate need was when I plugged in my laptop to it . It started a long , continuous , high-pitched signal and flashing a light . What does that mean ? I stopped using it immediately , since it probably could n't mean something good . Was it drawing too much from it ? There are no instructions to tell you what this means . I tried going to the web site for insight on this , but just got the same info as what was on the package . No help . Nice concept , now only if it worked . I 'm returning it .
 I am very disappointed with this product . It looks like it is solidly built and provides an expectation of long life , but internal components and circuit seem to be weak . I bought it many months ago , but only got the opportunity to use it recently on a road trip and it just died within a few hours of using it . We may have overloaded it , but I would expect such devices to trip or give a audible warning or some other means of warning instead of just dying . What a waste!I see that other people are having a good luck with this product -LRB- going by the review rating -RRB- , but I would n't recommend it to my friends/family .
 Borrowed my daughter 's to test it out before buying one for myself . Plugged my Compaq R4000 notebook in and got about 10 minutes worth of computing done before the inverter 's yellow light started blinking and the `` shut me down '' alarm started chirping . I removed the plug from the cigarette lighter and the metal was hot enough to burn me.Not recommended .
 Like half the reviews here , mine worked great a few times and then nothing . It 's now been over two years since it worked properly , I guess I 'll throw it out .
 This unit worked fine the first two times I used this -LRB- about and hour or so ea session -RRB- but when I tried to use it the 3rd time ... nothing ! This was a refurbished unit I bought so I guess I get what I pay for but this will be returned .
 i only get about 100 volts out of it at a full 12 volt charge . with engine running . not enough .
 I bought this so I could recharge the batteries for my digital cameras while I was driving on weekend trips , and it worked fine the first couple times I used it , and then suddenly started making a high-pitched whine and stopped charging anything at all . Now I ca n't use it at all , because every time I plug it in it starts whining and refuses to charge anything.Something this expensive should n't break so easily.I normally love Targus products , but I 'm very disappointed with this .
 I bought this hitch for a 1988 Toyota Land Cruiser for which it was supposed to fit , but it is too wide for the frame on this vehicle .
 They used to make these years ago much better . What happened to those mats that had sleeves on 3 sides and all you had to do was insert a 1/4 '' hose or 1/4 '' PVC ? That old one lasted me 15 years and I live in northern Ohio ! I finally broke down and bought another . However , they must not make them like the one I had before . This mat is a nightmare . I was shocked when I received it because it must have had 35 plastic pieces of plastic to assemble on the mat . Took me FOREVER to put it together , but in the end I wish I had just shipped it back . Once it was together the very next day I pulled into my garage & just nicked one of the plastic pieces with my tire . CRACK ! I mean , seriously ? If anyone finds the type of mat I 'm looking for -LRB- with the sleeves to just slip in a hose or PVC -RRB- , please email me at cfrjohio@aol.com . This product is horrible - junk !
 It was impossible to make the edges straight . It looked ugly after a few weeks -- all wrinkled -- Ihad to throw it away after 2 months .
 Kraco made some good matts , ordered 2 to match my front . One was thick durable , the other was flimsy and cheap . They look identical yet one is hard rubber the other feels like a laytex condom . 5 stars for one , 1 for the other .
 I received these replacement mats for Christmas . The carpet is very nice , but the mats are not as pictured and are smaller than the photo without holes to secure them to factory tabs in floorboard . I will be returning these . Cheaper to buy directly from Ford .
 it does not cover the area when the seats are folded but the small area behind the seats when they are up . Pointless
 Kraco made some good matts , ordered 2 to match my front . One was thick durable , the other was flimsy and cheap . They look identical yet one is hard rubber the other feels like a laytex condom . 5 stars for one , 1 for the other .
 As the title says , I used Amazon 's `` Make sure it fits ! '' feature and that is inaccurate . I purchased these for my 2005 Ford F250 Super Duty Extended Cab and it does not fit it . These looks like they fit the newer model fords f150s or f250s . Sorry I had to give the product itself a bad review but your fault for not clearing this up with amazon or in the product description ...
 At the top of Amazon 's description page of any automotive part , a pop-up will come on and state
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 This was for an older car -LRB- 84 BMW 633 -RRB- . We got it to fit , but it was not easy :1 -RRB- Oxygen sensor bung is in the wrong place , causing sensor to rest on the block .2 -RRB- Flanges where this bolts up to the back end of the exhaust were bent , and did not align well with the other piece . Had to bolt the heck out of it to get the flanges to mate.Save time , spend more and get the factory part . NOT worth the dollar savings in time you will spend getting this mounted .
 This is my second parking mat . Since the first one fell apart , I purchased a more expensive , heavier duty mat this time . Unfortunately , the edges keep falling off in the rear where I drive over it . Also , I live on a dirt road , so it get very dirty and is a pain to clean .
 I returned this product because it would not work in a Minnesota climate . I could not even unroll it in 20 degree temps -LRB- ca n't imagine what it would be like today in -20 F -RRB- . Also the edge strips were very cumbersome to use and also would not have withstood the cold temps . May work great in warmer climates but not here .
 The mat shows all dirt . It does not repel dirt . I tried to clean it with mild soap and a hose as they suggest . The dirt does not come off . When I questioned them about it I was told I would have to get down on my hands and knees and use a scrub brush . For what this mat cost it should be made of a material that will repel dirt , and should only require hosing off . I am very disappointed .
 you ll need to dig the extremity of the screw to be able to fit it on a 3mm brushless engine . the tip of the screw is too long and otherwise does not screw into the gear reliably.works good once adaptated2 stars only because of that adaptation neededenjoy
 was looking for a small and compact fan for air circ in a boat cabin , , this did NOT fit the bill ... 40.00 is way too much for this fan which should be labeled a toy ... the air output is minimal at best . I unfort missed the time needed to return this item and hope to save someone else from making the same mistake . I would def NOT recommend this fan for anything .
 This item was received in a taped box and the items had been opened inside . They were marked and were missing parts . The directions were also missing . As a result the box was returned to Amazon as which time my money was refunded which I appreciate . The item was the worst one that I have ever received and hopefully noone else has the same problem . Thank you
 I typed in my vehicle make and got the rainguards mid December . Had my shop put them on , however they do n't fit . These go in between the window and then the window does n't close and they are too short for the 2010 model year . I think if they were the right ones they would be fine , however your files should be updated just as vehicle models are updated so they fit . Now this is a hassle to return and wait again for different ones .
 This may work on a different pickup body but not on my 2003 Chevy 2500HD . I threw them away and bought some Bull Ring brand .
 I bought this for my roadmaster wagon with a lt1 . After installing the car ran horribly , upon investigating it was discovered that the spark was arching through the MSD cap to the engine . I replaced it with a delphi unit and the car runs great . Contacted MSD and they told me `` it is a racing unit and carries no warranty '' . So now I have a 150 dollar wall decoration in my garage to remind me about this adventure . Never again will I trust MSD .
 In the picture are original hubcap but are generic . They tricked me.The hubcap do not come with the `` H '' Honda
 I ordered this product for my son 's 1995 Nissan 200sx . This item claimed `` nibbed '' backing and displays attachment grommet for the driver 's side . The product I received was not nibbed -LRB- the backing was flat -RRB- and did not have driver 's side attachment grommet installed . I ordered the set of four grey mats , color was closer to black/charcoal than grey -LRB- I expected something much closer to a medium or even a light or dark grey but not nearly black -RRB- . I feel the product description was misrepresented . Quality of product seems good .
 The printing on this sticker is really grainy . Not a good job . It was cheap and looks cool , but on close inspection is really poorly printed .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 First did not realize the brackets for this item were sold seperate and the bracket listed for this item did not fit my 2012 Nissan Frontier . Once received this item , I saddly discovered there were drilling needed to attach components to these step rails . The rivits sent to attach the end caps and step pads are a joke . The directions for lining up the pads and marking for drilling are a joke . Line up ... mark ... center punch ... drill ... apply rivits ... I have ordered lots of items through Amazon and none have been as big of a disappointment as this was . DO NOT ORDER ANY STEP RAILS WHERE DRILLING IS REQUIRED
 The quality was decent but the description said that it would fit in a 2007 Impala , which was not the case . The front passenger and the back seat floor mats fit fine , but the driver side did not fit at all . Based on this I could not use the mats because the mat kept popping up over the gas pedal which is not a good thing when you are driving .
 Was looking for floor mats to fit my car.These did not . Expected better quality.Probably would not recommend these unless you needed something for a older vehicle .
 will not stay in place moves around very easy it is made very cheap it compares to one at the 99 cent store
 Whoever photographed these mats did a great job of making themlook a lot better than they really are . Instead of ordering herego to your local Walmart and buy them for less and pay no shipping .
 The mats were nice but they did not fit my car ... so before you buy they should say what kind of car they go in , because it was a waste of time for me .
 THIS PRODUCT IS VERY CHEAPLY MADE , SMALL AFTER 2 DAYS I TOSSED IT GOT NEW ITEM AT LOCAL AAUTO STORE FOR SAME PRICE AND 20X BETTER
 The old adage , you get what you pay for rings true on this product , The area it covers when placed on the floors is pitiful . Therefore I would n'tsuggest buying this item .
 I bought these thinking they would be comparable to the $ 20 Rubber Maid floor mats they sell at my local department store ... NOT ! I got these for a 97 Mazda Protege , and the stock Mazda floor mats are almost twice as large as these ! The Protege is one of Mazda 's smallest cars , but these are so small and thin that they are easily kicked around just by people getting in and out of the car . If there 's a strong breeze , they can actually get carried away by the wind ... Seriously , most of the positive reviews are at least 2 years old , so I wonder if these used to be a decent product , but once they had a enough good reviews , they started using these cheapos . Totally disappointed with this purchase . Debating whether I should send them back . The $ 20 Rubber MAID floor mats are far superior to these . I thought I was saving $ 5 off a standard product , in fact I paid $ 15 for a low quality impostor and will probably just go to my local department store and shell out the $ 20 for the real thing . This is one of my first rip off experiences on Amazon ... Bad product ! Avoid these floor mats !
 Constantly move underfoot . Terrible , lightweight , disgusting . Ended up in the trash within a few weeks . Huge waste of money - very disappointed Amazon ...
 Spend a little more money and get a better set of mats . The carpet is nothing fancy , and does not like to be cleaned up that well . There is no hole for factory anchor points for floor mats , so the drivers side is constantly creeping up under the pedals . The rear mats are very small.But what do you want for what you are paying for them . If you have a old P.O.S car and dont car just want something in there , then these will work . If you want something of decent quality , move to another item .
 I have a 96 Maxima . These mats do not stay in one place . I have constantly put them back in their place . Not worth it .
 This product is cheap . It looks cheap and I am sure it is not very durable . I should have spent a little more to get better quality but thought I was getting a good deal . The only use I may get out of these is to save them for a camping trip or inclement weather . Maybe they can protect the new mats I will be ordering .
 when i purchased these mats i was thinking it wasgoing to be a thick mat that i was getting for mycar . the mat itself is very thin and seems to bejust a thin carpet fabric material.another problem that i found is that the mats donot really stay in place and it is very easy forthings to get under them . i guess you get whatyou pay for .
 After talking to the rep at Fram he suggested This HP oil filter . I hoped it would boots my oil pressure like the Fram rep recomended . After installation I there was no increase in my oil pressure . This filter cost 4 times more than the standard Wix filter I normally use . All and all a waste of money for my application .
 I ordered this product for my son 's 1995 Nissan 200sx . This item claimed `` nibbed '' backing and displays attachment grommet for the driver 's side . The product I received was not nibbed -LRB- the backing was flat -RRB- and did not have driver 's side attachment grommet installed . I ordered the set of four grey mats , color was closer to black/charcoal than grey -LRB- I expected something much closer to a medium or even a light or dark grey but not nearly black -RRB- . I feel the product description was misrepresented . Quality of product seems good .
 For under 20 bucks this is an ok deal - but not a great one . same thing would cost $ 40-50 at a stereo install store - but you would walk away with true 4 GA wire.The same day I got this power cable in the mail I picked up a short 2 ft segment of Tsunami 4 GA cable from a local and reputable stereo install store to use as a ground off my amp and it is way more packed with wire than this `` 4 GA power cable '' equivalent . The outer cable dimension is equal but the wire count inside is nearly 2 to 1 . This cable is a rather cheap price in an expensive product market and typically you get what you pay for .
 I measured the diameter of the wire inside the insulation and it came out to be almost as thick as a 6 gauge wire . More like a 6.5 gauge , but the point is it will not be able to be used in applications that require a thicker 4 gauge wire . I do not recommend using this unless you need 6 gauge wire , and this is even not quite as thick as 6 gauge . The insulation is the same diameter as normal 4 gauge , but is just much thicker plastic so that they do n't have to put the correct amount of wire inside of it .
 This is not 4 ga. power wire . The outer jacket is , but the important wire is not . Also , the wire is thin stranded and breaks very easy under set screw fittings .
 this is not a 4 gauge wire , , the thickness , , , included the plastic wire , , yes its 4 gaugeif you stirip the rubber , , , oh its like 6 gauge or 8 gauge , , , FALSE ADVERTISMENT , , , i hate it when people give it a 5 stars and say &#34; yeah you get what you pay for &#34; but this is FALSE ADVERTISMENT !!!
 If you want to run 8 gauge wire in 4 gauge casing go for it . I would not recommend this to a friend .
 The package said 4 gauge wire , what it was , was 14 gauge at best . I 'm disappointed that they would lie about what they 're selling instead of just telling the truth . I will NOT recommend this product or brand to anyone .
 Good wire if you need 6 awg wire . The fuse is near watertight as well . But still not 4 Guage so 1 star .
 I ordered them because they were suppose to fit my gt650r and they do not fit . if your looking to use them triple check to make sure they are the correct size .
 DOES NOT FIT 350 CHEVY V8 -LRB- 5.7 liter -RRB- . The AMAZON `` Make Sure it Fits '' is not correct . This kit only comes with 6 short ignition wires . My Chevy Tahoe requires at least 8 plug wires + 1 coil wire . Had to return it .
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 What a rip off , Amazon post a picture of the cable and inline fuse , and even describe it in the description , you only get the short 1 ft inline fuse , no cable as pictured or wrote in the items name .
 While I should have read the description more closely , they should have easily edited the picture to show a correct representation of the product .
 Lets start off with the picture is VERY VERY VERY msileading . They show atleast 25 feet of gauge 4 power wire with the fuse holder and 1 foot of wire . All you get is gauge 6 wire and the fuse holder and fuse . I should have read the reviews before buying , will not buy from seller again!Second thing the crip on the end that connects to the battery is extremely poor . Whoever this company hired to make the connections should be retrained . Half of the wire had been cut off . Also the crip was such a low quiality that the wires frayed and came out of the connector . I had to cut off part of my 4 gauge power wire that I purchased from a local stereo shop.Third the fuse holder set screws would n't tighten on the wires . Both ends were stripped when I recieved this item.I will NEVER purchase anything from this seller again & buyer beware !!! Please read the reviews before purchasing any item that way you will know what you are getting into . I learned a valuable lesson !!!
 I bought this to replace a broken fuse holder and a 5 minute install turned into a 45 minute mess . The terminal was way too small to fit on the battery side-post . I drilled the terminal out to fit the battery post , but the terminal crimp was too close to the hole , so it prevented the threads from catching on the battery . Wound up changing out the wire and terminal for my old one and just kept the fuse holder . Started everything up and no power . Checked power from my amps all the way back to the battery . The fuse was bad from the factory -LRB- not blown -RRB- . I went through all that and still no power . Ugh . Off to the store to buy a fuse ...
 The product came only as a small piece of wire and a fuse . The description leads one to believe it is the entire cable and fuse .
 I received this shield in the mail and it was not smoked . It was Black . I have matched the numbers and I have held a flashlight up to the shield . There are no discrepancies in the numbers and the light does not penetrate the shield . I can not even justify calling the shield smoke even based on the color . However it is built pretty sturdy . Unfortuantly there are multiple scuff marks on the shield do to a lack of protection . Last time I bought one of these it had cellophane stuck to the visible edge to prevent scuffing during shipping . Do n't know if it was the maufacturer or Amazon , although Amazon is usually pretty good about packaging their shipments , it arrived in the manufacturer 's carton .
 I really feel very badly , I saw a new generator for sale and they sent a used generator to me , you nowhere you said it ; recive in bad conditions and with spots in several parts , misadjusted and almost does not ignite , so that they do this with people , I am not wanted to lose but money , if it could gave it , does not continue doing that , please !
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 The knife is ok and it is a clever tool , but it is so difficult to open to use and it comes disconnected from the keychain so easily that I am afraid of the possibility of it getting lost . I think it could be improved .
 Ok I really like the small straight blade screw driver . It is great for eyeglasses . All other aspects of this thing are down right dangerous . I do n't know who allowed this thing to be made . In order to use half the tools you have to hold a very small and sharp blade and twist . I cut my self several times . I really need to throw it away , but that small flat blade screw driver is the only one that works in a pair of glasses I own . Oh and try to open a bottle , you have to pry with the sharp end of the blade ! Stupid design .
 This was a great product for opening boxes and random things ... . until it broke 3 weeks after i had it .
 The clasp broke pretty quickly . Also de-attaches pretty easily in my opinion . Useful when it works , though ...
 It looked like a cool thing to have for one of those oh crap I forgot my flat head in the truck kinda tool so I go it . It broke within the first 2 minutes of me having it :-LRB- not worth my time to return
 I bought this for use as a bottle opener . Thing is I cant get it to open bottles . I do n't know how hard you have to do it , but seeing as how there is a knife pushing into my thumb , I cant apply any more pressure without cutting myself . I wanted a compact opener , but it does n't work . If you need a tiny knife or screwdriver then here ya go . I guess its great if you want to fumble with your keys to stab someone , but only with a little knife so that they learn their lesson .
 The most useful part of the tool is the phillips screwdriver , something not found in many pocket knifes - but to use it , you must open -LRB- and grasp -RRB- the very sharp blade . I got a small cut 2 of the 3 times I used it for that purpose , then I quit carrying it .
 I bought this key several months ago and was quite happy with it . The blade is sharp , it turns smoothly , everything was as advertised . However I will say that using the knife can get awkward , as there is n't a great place to hold it ... I did manage to avoid cutting myself though.Sadly , it recently begun falling apart . It started when I used the screwdriver on a fairly loose screw and one tine snapped off . Then , it kinda started to slide around without locking -LRB- when I bought it it would lock at three different angles -RRB- . It would occasionally fall off my keychain and finally it completely broke one day just from sitting in my pocket.I am disappoint.TL ; DR
 Having all these tools on you keychain sounds pretty awesome . I was really psyched to get this in the mail . The problems started when I actually tried to use any of these tools . The screwdrivers are too small to really work on anything except the loosest screws . If you really want to put any pressure on the screws , too , do you know what the `` screwdriver '' handle is ? It 's the double knife . Trust me , you do n't want to grip the knife blades too hard . The bottle opener ? It 's a nice addition , I guess . Also this hooks on your keychain in a very stupid way , and I can see it just falling off one day never to be seen again . Not much of a loss , though . The only great thing about this is it 's a nice way to carry a concealed knife on your person . It 's truly the only reason I keep it around.WATCH OUT , I 'LL CUT YOU !!!
 I am a big fan of another Swiss Tech tool , the Micro-Plus 8-in-1 . It is a great tool . Unbelievably usable for its size . So when I saw this tool , I immediately ordered it . Unfortunately , the Utili-key was a big disappointment.The tool is difficult to open , requiring substantial pressure on the 2 arms . This would not normally be an issue ; however , one arm of the tool is a razor sharp knife . One slip would cause a nasty cut . After a couple of near misses , I threw the tool away . Having a tool that fits on a key chain would be great . Having one that requires you to risk bodily harm is not good.Buy a Micro-Plus 8-in-1 instead ! It is a little bit bigger than the Utili-key , but it is much better .
 I owned one of these for several months . When they 're new , they 're a little difficult to open . The hinge will loosen substantially after the key has been opened and closed many times.The fact that it 's so small and feels like just another key on your keychain is great , but it also makes it hard to use it for any one of its six functions . I mostly used it as a bottle opener , but only as a last resort -- the opener is so thin and small that it takes several prying motions around the cap to finally get it off , and you can easily cut yourself in the process . Similarly , its use as a knife and screwdriver is really impeded by its small size.Back on the subject of the hinge loosening , one day I took my keys out of my pocket and the Utili-Key just was n't there anymore . I never did find it , and I do n't plan on replacing it . I would not recommend this product to anyone as it offers little practical use .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 the picture is very misleading the picture looks like they are black NOT SHINY silver i was looking forward to these being BLACK to put on my BLACK vehicle so now i am in the red for something that i thought were BLACK how do you get a picture to look BLACK instead of Silver very wrong so if you want BLACK ONES DO N'T BUY THESE
 take care when buying handlebars , they should be stainless steel not regular plated steel , the Steel gets rust with in a month or 2 due to exposure to water and sun bu the stainless steel never rusts and will always look good , invest some more money and buy something reliable , enjoy
 Should of listen to the others before me . I ordered this hoping that I would have better luck . Looked up the seller online and they had good reviews , however one day after ordering it was canceled . No point in ordering a second time .
 Ordered handlebars , got an eMail confirmation , 2 days later order was no longer in system . Should have had the handlebars by now , but will have to order again -LRB- Not Here -RRB-
 If you ride a standard -LRB- I 'm on an SV650 -RRB- , and want that race bike feel , go for the drag bars , not these . They are the same price and offer a better riding position that is more like a race bike . If you insist on the clubmans , you 'll also need to get handlebar risers that give you a 1 '' -2 '' rise and a 1 '' -2 '' back-offset . Otherwise these bars place your weight way too far forward and you 're going to be off balance for high speed turns -LRB- you 'll end up putting all of your wight on the front tire , which only adds to its wear and makes the back end drift too much at high speed -RRB- . Also of note ... if you ride your bike more than 30 mins a day with these , you better be about 20 years old or they 'll tear up your back something fierce . Go for the drag bars or buy the superbike bars and install them upside down . I have tried most of the variants of bikemaster bars , and these -LRB- clubmans -RRB- are by far the worst for my application -LRB- `` spirited '' weekend rides and track days -RRB- .
 the unit looked as though it was used . the impact wrench would spin catch and then never again , i just figured that i been had on a bad deal if i could i wish i can send it back so amazon can figure it out
 This level is 1.75 inches wide . That 's larger than I expected . The black printing on top is worn off a bit , right out of the package . The back side is hollowed out , so you need to touch the edges to have it work properly . It will probably get the job done . The manufacturer could pay better attention to the quality . Over priced for the quality .
 My wife bought this grease gun as a gift . Looked like a good idea for the farmer it was intended for - he 's got lots of grease fittings on lots of different pieces of equipment and most all of it out in the field . We unpacked the box , charged the batteries up overnight , and headed out to the hay baler the next day.The motor pumped about six or eight fittings and a whisp of smoke curled out of the motor housing and it quit . I mean 100 % dead as a doornail . It was never under strain - the fittings were clear and the device was not laboring . We concluded it was typical made-in-China junk . Even if you get lucky and the one you get works for a while the chances of continuing to work for years are n't good.It is an expensive piece of equipment at $ 200 and we were truly unimpressed . Maybe OK for a hobbiest but I 'm not hauling one out to my fields and depending on it . I know a lot of people reviewed this a liked it but for $ 200 you better like it a tone.BTW , the batteries are non-standard . This tool will have a life expectancy equal to the batteries ... even if it does manage to keep working past Day One . Our thinking is that a simple trigger-style manual gun for less than $ 40 will do the job . This battery operated thing is not the ticket.One other thing - it is heavy . You 'll try to like it because you just blew $ 200 on it ... but you 'll be unhappy with the weight . It 's a handful and not easy to manipulate when you 're crawling around a tractor . It seems like it would be just the ticket ... but in practice it 's not.One more thing - give it a workout first thing - grease everything on your block and make sure it keeps working . The Chinese are well-known for short-lived junk and Amazon is very strick about their return policy . Over thirty days and you 're out of luck . And do n't even think about returning it to the manufacturer . They are not the Lincoln Electric welding people even though their logo looks like it . I searched the Lincoln Electric website and there was no `` powerluber '' anywhere . I do n't know who these guys are but they are not who I thought .
 Amazon confirmed that it fit a 1999 Ford Ranger prior to purchasing , it does not . Nothing more frustrating than getting something you 've been waiting on and then having to send it back .
 Clearly Amazon does n't check this reviews because it 's two years later and their part finder still lists the incorrect parts . This is the deflector I do need -LRB- verified by EGR 's website -RRB- but Amazon lists it as not fitting my truck . Instead they list the deflector for the F150 -LRB- EGR 393171 -RRB- as the one I need . It 's here , it 's not , and now I have to take the time to return it and order the correct one .
 The EGR 393411 HOOD SHIELD does not fit a Ford Ranger . It fits a super duty ford truck or expediton.After purchase , I found another review with the same NO FIT complaint.QUALITY CONTROL ?
 I 'm not the most buff guy in the world and my calves are 19 inches around , but these things did not fit at all . They come in one size , which unfortunately for this long-time Busa rider , was way too small . Icon makes great stuff , but these knee pads are n't on that list.Measure your calves first , if they are bigger than 16 inches , you may have a problem fitting these .
 Similar to what Tim Jones said in an earlier review , but the other way around
 The heading shows the batteries all together with a caption of `` Maintenance Free '' the battery Iordered was not maintenance free at all but can be topped off with acid or distilled water . Obviouslya shell game to make you think you were getting a maintenance free battery ? SOB ` sYUASA YTX14AHL-BS High Performance Maintenance Free Batt ... by Yuasa
 The fittings would n't hold over 90lbs and the hose was just cheap ... I used the block and drain valve , spent $ 20 at Napa and replaced everything else . Very dissapointed in this product with the Warn name on it ...
 I purchased this light bar July of 2010 . After installing it , I realized the reverse function was not working . I contacted Amazon and they exchanged it . I received the new one and installed it . Everything worked as it should for a while . Less than 2 months after I installed it , I began to see condensation in the housing . It was n't long after I noticed the condensation that the entire light bar began to malfunction . I returned the item to Amazon for a full refund . The most disappointing thing is , I purchased this same light bar for a full size truck -LRB- 60 '' -RRB- about a week previous to purchasing the 49 '' . The 60 '' bar was much brighter and still has not had any issues .
 After multiple attempts to adhere this to my Toyota Camry 's rear window , it would not stay put . In fact , it fell down every time within only a few minutes and before the car ever moved . Not only is this obviously a safety hazard , but it annoying as all get-out . Since I can not seem to find a suitable rear window shade that actually works and is n't a safety hazard , I am investing in window tinting - an expense I was hoping to avoid .
 I purchased one of these . Installed it and it worked good for a little while . Then a wire in the light bar shorted out and caught the thing on fire . I could have lost my truck or done serious damage to the electrical system . I have photos of this for anyone that wants to see it . Recon has ignored 4 emails from me including the ones with the photos attached . Very poor product and customer service . I like the idea of the light bar and I am looking for another one , but I will never get one that was made from nor buy one from Recon .
 WAS HAPPY TILL IT WAS OUT OF WARRANTY BY TWO WEEKS , RIGHT SIDE WENT BLACK AND BRAKE LIGHTS QUIT WORKING . CHECKED CONNECTIONS ALL OK , BUT MOISTURE INSIDE TUBE . GETTING ANOTHER ONE BUT WILL SUPER SEAL ALL SEAMS .
 Warning I would n't Buy a Recon Light Bar ! I had mine for only two months and two led light went out . And Recon will not warranty ! Wanted me to buy an new one from then I told them to forget it I will try another brand before buying if from them again !
 Recon lights are pretty cool , but I wish I 'd paid more attention to the warranty when I bought one of these . 90 days . Yes , three months . So while most of industry is using LEDs for longevity and better energy consumption , RECON can promise theirs will last no more than a quarter of a year . Mine was great for a little while , and then seems to have lost a seal . For whatever reason , condensation built up slowly on the inside , and continued through the entire bar until the LEDs started dying . I think about 5 still work in the entire thing . It 's just like Wal-Mart I suppose . Everything is shiny and looks good until you get it home and try to use it . Do yourself a favor and try a different manufacturer . `` Any RECON products that are found to be defective in either material or craftsmanship will be covered under our Limited Lifetime Warranty . Lighting items that require electrical 12-volt power during operation are covered for a period of 90 days following the original purchase date . ... ''
 Came packaged well but brake lights and turn signals and backup light dont work . Others have told me it takes 4 or five trys to get one that works
 I bought this for my 2002 Ford F-350 , and it arrived twisted so the lights did not all point in the same direction . That was not a big deal because I figured once I got it mounted , it would straighten out . I tested the bar using the trailer feed , and it worked flawlessly . The only thing I could not test that way was the reverse light because it was a separate wire that had to be spliced with the reverse wire . Seeing that it worked perfectly , I cut the plug off and spliced the wires with the wires feeding the trailer feed , connecting reverse wire to reverse wire , running light to running light , etc. . I was VERY careful and made sure the job was done right . Then I tested the bar one last time before taking the plastic off the 3M tape to stick it on the tailgate . The bar worked for 10 seconds and then broke . My guess is the circuit board on the bar overloaded and it fried . It broke when I put the reverse lights on . The bar did not shut off the brake lights like it was supposed to , so all lights were running at the same time . This must have been too much for the bar and it fried . So now I am left with a tailgate bar that does not work and that can not be returned because it did not break until AFTER I cut the plug off , so now the seller will use the excuse that it is not in the original condition to refuse a return . So all I gained from this experience is a loss of $ 80 and a day of my life wasted , along with major disappointment . But even if the bar had not broken , I do not expect it would have lasted long because the wiring was aluminum , which is notorious for corroding quickly . Also , the wires were so thin that the bar obviously was not designed with the elements of the outdoors in mind . Anyone who has a tailgate bar that works for an extended period of time is lucky , and good luck getting it off the tailgate after it breaks.Overall I am a huge fan of Recon ; I think their products look amazing . Unfortunately , these bars were not designed with quality in mind and you do not get what you pay for with it .
 easy to install however i was not aware parking lights would not work without installing capacitors.there was no foot note or warning or anything . so i have blinkers brakes and reverse and no running lights on this light bar.im not real happy ...
 Recons light did n't work with my 2007 F-150 . I bought this Recon light bar from Never Enough Auto through Amazon . Everthing worked except the running light . I had to pay to ship it back and NEA sent a replacement . It did n't work . NEA said call Recon . Recon said you need resistors to make it work . I wish they had said that in the beginning . It would have saved some drama since it was a Christmas present and advertised as the only thing you need to do is plug it into your 4 pin plug with NO INFO IN THE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS ABOUT RESISTORS . I had to send the replacement back to NEA to get a refund and they wanted me to pay another shipping charge . They did eventually send me a free return shipping label . NEA said the Recon was junk and suggested a Rampage which they said had been redesigned . I said the Recon had better reviews on Amazon . I emailed Rampage and per Jake their light has been redesigned . So if you have a late model Ford try a Rampage . Stay away from the Recon . I ended up buying a PUTCO at a local shop . It was plug in and go . Looks good and works good so far . con-sidering all the pros and the cons do n't get Re-con -LRB- ed -RRB- like I did : -RRB-
 This product number will not fit the newest style of Blazers . Its made for a split rear hatch -LRB- Yes it does come in 2 pieces -RRB- plus the product is at least 6 inches to long . Amazon will tell you it fits 98 and up blazers -LRB- the new body style -RRB- but they are wrong . I 'm returning mine .
 owned 2 - drill works fine but adapter refuses to charge after a couple of time - wrote to seller regarding purchasing another adapter but received no answer ... this product is a waste of money
 The Mallory E-Spark is a piece of crap . I installed it precisely according to the instructions , verified proper coil voltage and ohms , and it would n't hit a lick . Their idiot tech support tried to say there was n't a good ground between the head/intake/block . I guess all those bolts and brackets holding it all together do n't count , and my Fluke meter is junk . Stuck the points back in and it fired right up . Go figger . Tested the optical module and it failed . On a bright note , Amazon gave me a pretty fast full refund for defective product.Sam
 Bad quality . Same customer service . Ask about their return policy on unopened item ... you 'll be surprised . I would not reccomend that .
 I was not very happy with these window visors , they are very dark making blind spots on the windshield-door pillars and covered some of the rear view mirrors and the windows also hit them when you rolled them up , it even broke the rear visor within a few days of installing them . They have some glue that comes pre-installed on the visors but only one of them had enough to do any good . I will say they looked great and they kept the rain out when the window were down a little bit so the vehicle did not get as hot inside . I replaced them with some visors that stick to the outside of the Chanel , they do n't look as good but they work a lot better and they are only smoked instead of almost blacked out so you can see through them so they do n't cause a big blind spot . Good luck and I hope this helps you .
 Upon installation the back window went in pretty easily . The front window screwed up the rubber on the window and made the window roll up crooked . Then when rolling the back window up and down the back one fell out . Do n't waste your money on this product . They look nice but cause the windows to work improperly .
 The rear window shades fit well and did n't catch , probably because they were taped.The visors came poorly packed so the drivers side visor had a couple small broken pieces on the end . I installed them anyway to see if they would still work.The drivers and passenger side front windows would catch on the visor or take a few up and downs to roll up correctly . The broken drivers side would not fit in the track and pop out a little after rolling down the window.I installed them per the directions and left them up for 4 days . I returned them to Amazon without any hassle.They looked really nice on the Cherokee and did n't stick out too far . If they worked I would have been really happy with them .
 I bought this item on Amazon because of the convenience . I like to do my own oil changes and I do n't live anywhere near a Wal-Mart . When the box arrived , it was immediately apparent that one of the bottles was leaking . I decided not to return it and will probably never order again .
 I ordered this product because my husband travels out of town , and is in his car more than he is home . It was very inexpensive and I just got it so he 'd be able to use it until he had the time off to get a better one . Well , about a day after he used it -LRB- and LOVED it -RRB- It stopped working . Then it would work perfect . Then it would stop . It is a vicious cycle , and I would 100 % recomend not getting this , unless you like playing the lottery with your car chargers . .
 Loved the look of this boot . Needed something new when riding motorcyle . Looked good on but , unfortunately , this boot failed to deliver on function . This boot is extremely stiff . Could not flex foot at all . Felt like wearing ice skates or snow board shoes . Furthermore , there was room in toe box so I know the boot fit but I could not lace them up properly without the boot itself hurting my foot and I have a thin to average size foot . Would not recommend at all .
 Loved the look of this boot . Needed something new when riding motorcyle . Looked good on but , unfortunately , this boot failed to deliver on function . This boot is extremely stiff . Could not flex foot at all . Felt like wearing ice skates or snow board shoes . Furthermore , there was room in toe box so I know the boot fit but I could not lace them up properly without the boot itself hurting my foot and I have a thin to average size foot . Would not recommend at all .
 this item looks like the JDM lights but it better having the true jdm because it should have two holes to screw in to the headlights
 Loved the look of this boot . Needed something new when riding motorcyle . Looked good on but , unfortunately , this boot failed to deliver on function . This boot is extremely stiff . Could not flex foot at all . Felt like wearing ice skates or snow board shoes . Furthermore , there was room in toe box so I know the boot fit but I could not lace them up properly without the boot itself hurting my foot and I have a thin to average size foot . Would not recommend at all .
 Did n't ship with any hardware , but then again , most marine products do n't . I 'd recommend making sure you have a solid through-bolt to secure them , they are a little flimsy and a self tapping screw will strip out .
 i ordered this product because it was described as a 2.5 inch y-pipe . but the two inlets are only 2 inch . now i have to find a proper pipe and wait for delivery .
 I received these replacement mats for Christmas . The carpet is very nice , but the mats are not as pictured and are smaller than the photo without holes to secure them to factory tabs in floorboard . I will be returning these . Cheaper to buy directly from Ford .
 Not sure it it was due to an error in listing or they sent the wrong one . The old Valve Cover Gasket had lots of holes for the bolts , this one did n't have enough . Definitely not the right gasket for an 88 Jeep Wrangler YJ 4.2 liter
 The photo on Amazon has NOTHING to do with what is sent . Who do you call ? Who pays shipping for the return ? Not happy .
 This review is for the wheelskins that fits a 1997 Toyota 4Runner steering wheel . The Wheelskin came quickly and was packaged appropriately . From there , it went downhill . It says it takes about 1 hour to install . I 'm pretty good with my hands but it took just under 2 hours to install the cover . Also - just because it says that it fits a 97 4Runner does not mean it is an exact fit . The wheelskins covers the steering wheel but it does not cover any of the leather spokes on the steering wheel . I have two spokes on my wheel that are also in leather . So what you get in the end is a new cover on the round part of the steering wheel but the inner spokes -LRB- which are also leather on my vehicle -RRB- are not covered . The end product looks sloppy and cheap.The leather quality out of the box looks nice but I noticed within a few weeks that the shiny sheen on the new leather started to peel from normal use . It is irritating because you can feel the leather peeling under your hands and it leaves a gritty feeling on the steering wheel . Once it peels you have these unfinished patches on the wheel in areas where you hold the wheel . Again - it looks sloppy and cheap . That said - I dont think there are very many other good options out there . My dealer said they would replace the steering wheel cover for about $ 100 but they hire that out to a local shop who probably uses a similar product as wheelskins.If you do buy this , get a good set of gloves and a good thimble for threading the needle through the wheelskin . If you want it to look good you need to tighten the leather thread with each stroke and that takes a toll on your hands . I used gloves and my hands were still raw when I finished . Plus , pushing the needle through the holes is brutal after the first 5 strokes . I ended up using a penny to push the needle through and that helped.Overall - I think Wheelskins is not worth the price . I would have appreciated it much more if the seller made it clear in the product description what you can expect to get . It said it fit my 97 4Runner ... and it did , but it is not to be considered a factory replacement.I would not buy this again .
 I bought these as a gift for my son-in-law . When he put them on his truck he could not roll his windows all the way up . I am returning .
 I ordered this for a 1994 Dakota . Went through their vehicle selection process and it stated it would fit my vehicle . Got the visors and sure enough , they did n't fit . Went through the exchange process and back through the vehicle process but this time I paid attention to the product number that the site stated fit a 1994 Dakota and it was the same one as the one on the box that would n't fit . So , I thought maybe they just packaged the wrong visors and went ahead and did the exchange . Well , recieved the next set of visors and again , they did n't fit.So , be warned about older vehicles . Just because their vehicle selection tool states it will fit , they may not then you get the fun of going through the exchange/return process .
 I got these H4 bulbs pretty cheap ... at around 20 bucks.I bought them mostly out of curiosity because I had never seen this `` NOKYA '' brand before , and because the so-called `` 7000 Kelvin '' caught my attention.Well what can I say ... the bulbs DO look really white , but the illumination power leaves much to be desired.If you drive around in the city , where external light sources illuminate the street at night , you 'll feel these lights fade out , and wo n't even notice them . Even standard , plain vanilla , factory yellow bulbs are more noticeable in city streets . Also , the reach of these lights is very limited.You 'll have to be outdoors on a completely dark road to notice their potential . But in the city ... . on word
 This pump works ok , if you have a small engine , like a lawn mower , but if you have something bigger , get an electric one . Cost 's more , but it 's worth it .
 This product does not fit the 2002 Camry LE edition correctly . The front doors worked without any issues but the rear doors did not work as desired . Once the visors were put in place the windows could no longer be rolled up , it hit the visor thereby leaving a gap as wide as the palm of the hand . This product comes NOT recommended for 2002 Camry LE model cars . The product is robust and looks good , however since it does not fit the car , the product quality becomes immaterial .
 It didi n't fit right . My rear window always got stuck with the deflector when closing . The deflectors are really bulky and because of that , they block a lot of incoming breeze well . I had to return . . I will spend more money and get Weathertech - I own this brand on my Honda Pilot and they fit well , very nice looking . .
 This product does not fit Toyota Camry XLE V6 2006 . There were two problems with the product during the installation and after it . 1 . You have to bend the product a lot in order to install it . And if you give a little more force to it - well , it snaps in a middle . 2 . If you 're lucky and you put it in place - then the window will not close completely . You can force the window to close and the visor will snap.I returned the product to Amazon.com for a full refund .
 I 'm from West Virginia . I have all my teeth , did n't marry my cousin , and actually went to college . I find items such as this EXTREMELY offensive !
 I dont know how good this product is because the company sent me the wrong part . I ordered for a 2010 Chevy Traverse and they shipped for a Ford Ranger ... guess they are trying to clear stock for vehicles no longer made and figured people wouldnt hassel with returning , they were wrong . Was a very disappointing gift for X-mas .
 After much research and plenty of double checking , i ordered this product for our 2012 Ford Escape . I even used the `` Will This Product Work on MY Vehicle '' link to insure i had the proper one . Spent around $ 37 total for product and shipping . Item arrived in good time , less than a week , however ... . It was the WRONG item ! The window vents I received were for a Ford Ranger . Contacted customer service at Amazon.com to make sure I was following proper procedure for a return so that I could get a refund or make a proper exchange . Sent return through UPS and even got confirmation that returned item was received . Was then told they do n't HAVE the proper item for our vehicle and have NOT gotten a refund ! I 'm out $ 37.00 and have absolutely nothing to show for it . I did find what I needed at AutoAnything -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and the new window vents are on our vehicle now and look quite nice . Bottom line ? I 'll never order from Amazon.com again -LRB- call it a $ 37.00 lesson -RRB- and I 'd never trust their ` system ' to tell me which product is the correct one . A refund would have at least made me a return customer ... since they DID in fact get their product back in perfectly unused condition . Thieves .
 The left side broke during install . Ordered AWS parts . I told EGR about the problem . The box was gone so I could not return the items and did not want to worry about it . Just call it a lesson and buy locally .
 These units do not have installation instructions and the website requires you to be a profesional registered installer to get any information .
 I tried one bought from Amazon and another of this type at my local Best Buy store to work with my new Viper alarm unit , and Geek-squad techs were unable to fine tune it to work , or detect motion correctly . Plugged in a sensor made from another brand and they got it to work just fine on my new Viper alarm unit
 Need lots of patience to properly adjust the zones ... Works better if placed in a central location of the vehicle
 Worked for about a week . After that the fan comes on at about 50 * F causing the fan to run almost all the time . No more Hypertech for me !
 I needed a switch for my cooling fan . I purchased this switch simply because I thought Hypertech had a good reputation . The switch turns on exactly @ 176 degrees like it should , but wo n't turn off till 80 degrees , when it supposed to turn off @ 166 degrees . I called Hypertech-Support , and they were of no help ... Their support department has no idea how a thermo-switch works and Hypertech should not be in the business . I will never buy anything with the name HYPERTECH .
 Ordered 4 center caps 3 of the 4 did not have their retainer rings . Disappointed this happened Requesting the items to be replacd or refund . .
 Even though the manufacturer said they would fit my F250 crew cab they did not . Amazon made it easy to return them .
 This item did not include all the accessories even though it cost a lot of money . The cover for the window handle the cover for the 4 Glass plugs are all missing do n't know if it was an error but this to me is a complete set .
 I bought this item for my 2002 FORD Ranger because the description said it would fit . Of course it did n't . It 's even way too big for an F150 . The package says it fits a Ford Super Duty Pick-Up . Now I get to pay shipping to return it .
 I bought the 563411 visors for my 2003 F150 Extended Cab because the site said they would fit . They do n't . They are for a Ford Super-Duty not an F150 . They are way too big .
 Was the wrong part for the car . Seeing that they did make 3 engine setups A , B and C -LRB- 80 % of the Jettas in the US were C -RRB- I could see that but the parts finder ask me what engine setup I had and 80 % of the Jetta in the US were made with this so they should have the right part listed . ALWAYS look at the part before you start the work or even plan out a time to work on the car after you get the part .
 this product does not mention once how it works or how to use it . It simply tells you that it is a disposable personal alcohol detector.Thats it.Therefore , if you plan to check your level more than 4 times , go ahead and buy a normal breathalyzer , it will cost you less , and you will know what you 're getting when you buy it.Manufacturer / Retailer
 LOL let me get this streight , the product detects alcohol by displaying a `` bluish cast '' , thats bloody brilliant , so the device will certainly almost always be predisposed to warn of DWI and thus saving lives always . Note the instructions state to never use on oneself due to the subjective indicator I AM or AM NOT drunk.I think there is a lawsuit waiting to happen here ... what about color blind people ??? Oh dear ...
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Its a very nice mirror and worked great for the first year . No loss of suction , never fell off . However , starting in year two , it would never keep suction . I tried cleaning the window and the suction cup ; huffing a little moisture onto it prior to sticking , not huffing on it , nothing worked and so I went without a mirror . Plus you cant really make it go above your windshield , so it blocks some of the forward view . It was a quality mirror for the price , but now its in the give-away box . Will be buying a clamp-on that I can position above my windshield . So I do not recommend this product .
 The joint in the back came so tight , so when i move it it brokes ! The size is great , it looks great materials , but now i have to put it in the trash , because the metal joint is broken .
 This product was great out of the box ... as soon as we stuck it to the window , it cracked in half !
 The mirror is great . The suction cup works great too . But there is a piece that holds the mirror and suction that breaks so easily . Not even a real metal . Shank that connects the adjustment ball to the back of the mirror is pot metal . I agree with the other person -LRB- Mark Schoeppel -RRB- that gave this mirror 1 star . I tried to adjust it and align it . Yup ! it snapped right off in half . TRUE ! I regret buying this piece of **** ! Do n't buy . If you do , just be careful adjusting . Its neck will break .
 This CIPA model 11050 suction rear view ski mirror is OEM original equipment for a $ 29,000 Yamaha jet-boat model AR 210 . Well in 50 words or less . . wont stick to windshield.suction cup too stiff even if left in sun to soften up still a no go ! I tried to attach w every thing but crazy glue products and still no sucess . In fact while tryting to attach to my GPS mount the mounting swivel bar broke off . Not suprised since it made of soft poured lead .
 Would give this no stars ... The mirror adjustor was snapped out of package ... Completely broken and unusable ? Would not recommend buying this product !
 I purchased this item based on a recommendation on my RV forum to use in my motorhome , so I could watch the coach behind me when I was driving , since I do n't have a rear view mirror inside the coach . I could n't put it on the windshield because I have an electric sunshade that it would interfere with , so I tried to put it on top of my dash , but it would n't stick . I then purchased an adhesive disk , also from Amazon , that is supposed to work with suction cup mounts exactly like this . I tried the two together , because I did n't want to stick the adhesive to the dash until I was sure it would work . No matter how I pushed the cup onto the disk , it would n't hold , so now I 'm stuck with both a useless mirror and a useless disk .
 This mirror is just not sturdy and breaks easily . I returned this and bought the Overton brand . On the other hand , Amazon return center is very very good . They were so courteous and professional and very prompt in dealing with their customers . I give amazon 5 stars for customer service but this product is not that good .
 Thought this would be perfect for the boat when I saw it this winter . Ordered and received with no issues . Finally took it out of the package to put on the boat this weekend and it immediately broke . The mounting is obviously just not durable . The tension in the ball joint that has to be overcome to adjust the angle imparts enough force on the rod to break it.Since I waited to try it , I missed my window to return it .
 Yesterday I unpackaged and mounted it . Today it broke when I tried to adjust it the first time . Not sure it 's worth the shipping charge to Michigan to get warranty coverage . So CIPA wins , I guess .
 Took mirror out of perfect condition packageWith minimal pressure applied to adjust mirror the metal pivot ball assy snappedThe metal casting is not strong enough for the size mirrorCrap engineeringThe mirror itselfSizeWas what I was looking forTake off the site
 The shank that connects the adjustment ball to the back of the mirror is pot metal . I put a slight amount of pressure on the mirror to align it and it just snapped in half . Now worthless .
 If they had spent a bit more on better materials , this would have been a great mirror . Inside that nice thick ribbed boot , is a very thin metal rod , cast from some kind of grainy -LRB- like sand -RRB- , low quality metal . The first time I tried to adjust it , it snapped off in my hand . Buyer beware .
 This item is not made for pontoon , but tried and was very disappointed with it the suction cup would not work any where you put it , it would fall right off . I would not recommend it to any one .
 Mirror looked solid , but unfortunately , looks were deceiving in this case . I took the mirror out of the box , tried to adjust the angle , and the metal -LRB- ? -RRB- arm on which it was mounted broke . I did not use more force than necessary to adjust a rear view mirror . Before I ordered I saw several reviews that reported this problem but thought perhaps they got one of a bad batch . Well , it looks like this may actually be a design flaw . Would not recommend this product .
 Please do not buy this product . Within the first minute of use the metal holding the mirror to the suction pad broke .
 We bought this for our golf cart . The mirror is very heavy . Too heavy for the suction cup to hold it on the windshield .
 We used this a baby mirror in our car . The suction cup worked great and the mirror had a really good picture . However , when we went to adjust it after having it for just a couple of days the rod that holds the mirror broke . We are in the process of returning it. : -LRB-
 I bought this to use in my car as a big mirror to see my child , but it wo n't stick to the window long . The suction design is not strong enough for the weight of this mirror , and it is heavy .
 The product seemed like a great idea , that is until it fell off only a few hours after I installeed it ! I tried a few additional times however with all the same results ! Now that I have the product , I am considering glueing onto the windshield , even though that defeats the purpose of the suction cup . Oh well !
 Broke during installation . The mounting bracket is cast metal that is very weak . This mirror broke while I was pressing the down to attach the suction cup . Exceptionally disappointing that this terrible product is offered by Amazon .
 Cheap POT Aluminum arm between the suction cup and the mirror broke when adjusting - I determined the cause ; the ball and socket assembly that is supposed to be the swivel point was over-tightened and did not allow any movement so all my twisting did was bend -LRB- and break -RRB- the connecting arm.I think a stainless steel part would solve the issue best , but you could check the tightness of the ball and socket before adjusting and avoid breaking the arm as is.The suction cup is large silicone and should hold well , the mirror also is large and I beleive it would be a great product if they changed the connecting hardware between the two .
 The mirror is great as stated on the other reviews . It 's large and very good to watch your child on the backseat.The suction is very strongHowever the support -LRB- the metal stick with a ball on one end -RRB- that holds the mirror broke on my first try to adjust . So be careful .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 My probem was not with the item but that I received only 2 of the 3 I ordered . Therefore , this is unacceptable service . I paid but received 1 item that was not ordered and I was missing an item that I ordered .
 this product is junk it melted when it was installed this product was junk would not recommend any to buy it
 This product is TOO SHORT . It 's the exact number for my car but it 's about 2 inches too short . I even triple checked to be sure I purchased the right one . It will not fit without an extender . Try and find one of those in a pinch ...
 I bought the jack because it looked like it would fit my application well . It did fit , but it would n't lift a 1,000 lb load although rated for 4,000 lbs . The screw was well lubricated with grease , but there is just too much friction to be over ridden by the crank . It was cheap , but still not worth the little money I paid .
 The box works for the purpose . The issue I have is with the materials and quality of assembly . If the diamond plate material was any thinner you could see through it which makes the entire box very flexible . The rivets through the piano hinge for the lid are loose and some are not installed through all the pieces . The sticker inside indicates it passed QC Inspection , this tells me the inspector did n't look at it or the Quality standards are very loose . I 'm sad to say , Made in the USA .
 The wire is okay but I accidentally ordered this overpriced wire . The same wire is available for .87 + 3.99 shipping here on Amazon . They show a picture which makes it look like much more wire than you actually get . They do not give the length of this little roll so you wind up paying $ 8 for the same wire you can get from another seller for $ 4.86 .
 At first I thought these were a decent product at a good price . I understand that they are not OEM but it is really about quality . The large rubber `` studs '' used to attach the product to the vehicle loosened after a few months . They did not come out , but loosened enough to cause the headlight to bounce around on bumps . I have taken both left and right out twice now to modify these rubber attachment points . I managed to tighten them up , but with a slight design change , these would be much better ... You get what you pay for , but in this instance these were not cheap ... I did like the fact they came with bulbs already installed .
 I have had two of these for less than a year and neither will hold a charge . The rechargeable batteries are poor quality and once they go out the unit is shot . These are a complete rip-off .
 I have had two of these die on me . First the bulbs go out after limited use -LRB- or time -RRB- . Then , the batteries seem to fail to keep a charge . Complete waste of money .
 It was great while it lasted . Brilliantly bright.Then - it died . Got very few uses out of it .
 I bought two of these . They worked fine for about two months , then the batteries went dead and will not recharge . An expensive disappointment .
 I would never buy this product again . The bulb went out after 2 uses , and is not very easy to replace . I just ended up throwing it in the trash .
 I chose this light because I had the 1M Candle Spotlight but I dropped it . I thought this would be better , but it 's far worse . The purpose was to walk my senior dog at night , on an unlit wooded trail . As in the other reviews , it takes 15 hours to charge fully , but then you only get 15 minutes of bright , 3M Candle light . After that , you may as well be holding one candle for all the light it 's giving you . The booklet says you will have 30 minutes , which would be ideal , but I have n't had that since I charged it the first time . This one 's garbage ... do n't waste your money . -LRB- Now I 've got to figure out how to get my money back ! -RRB-
 We bought this flashlight because we live on a country road and the electricity often goes out in storms and it takes a few hours or longer for the electricity to come back on . After a 20-hour charge - yes , it takes 20 hours to charge it - the spotlight worked for 5 minutes before dimming and finally going out . The flourescent light that is also on the back worked for about 15 minutes after the spotlight stopped working . The instructions warn against letting the battery completely discharge , so we turned it off before the lights completely stopped working . After another 20 + hour recharge , we had the same thing . 20 hours to charge for 5 minutes of bright light , and the spotlight is bright for a good 3-4 minutes before dimming , is just rediculous . Look somewhere else if you want a reliable and long-lasting rechargeable light .
 This fit great for a Toyota Corolla due to access , but I needed to use an adjustable wrench because none of my sockets fit the piece . It was incredibly hard to get access to tighten the darn thing on my BMW , so it was not on as tightly as it should have and it leaked . The gold hand piece also stripped trying to hand tighten it . I would not recommend this for BMWs .
 could n't find the specfic details I was looking for with out a lot of `` flipping through the pages '' and the internal disk searches are a joke .
 This bow is not very rigid and always bends when I try to put my cover on a 20 ft bow rider . The wood is way too flexible and will not support the weight of the cover .
 this was the wrong set which explained why it was so extremely cheap . The set did n't even include what was in the picture . I did give 2 stars though for the quick refund .
 This item was missing parts it did not have the O rings in the picture just the main large gasket which goes around the over .
 I got this set to replace my old sylvania regular halogens -LRB- no CB , noXV , just H6024 -RRB- with great hopes , since it does cost more than twice as much . Alas , as much as I would like to see Emperor 's new clothes , I could n't help but notice that it 's actually DIMMER than a regular halogen . My friends have commented on the reduced brightness before even knowing that I have changed the bulb . It is painfully obvious . The light output is whiter , yes , but apparently they have made some sacrifices in achieving that color . In my opinion the reduced brightness is not worth it.Oh , on top of that , one of the lights just burned out yesterday , after less than a year of service -LRB- more like 10 months -RRB- . I 'm here shopping for another H6024 hence I thought I 'd make a comment . Either get a real HID kit or just stick with regular halogens . These `` high tech '' halogens are not going to defy physics of halogen lamps . Save your money .
 DISPITE THE OEM SMP COMPANY on line catalog.listing the product Throttle position sensor forthe trackers and sidekicks for MPI 16v , 1.6 L motors.it will not fit.The above part has a keyed center hole driveand all Suzuki 's use a 2 prong fork type.night and day differences.the sensor that will work is TH392.in theory , but hard to find.SMP selles these under the BWD banner and Niehoff too.i hope this review saves others the grief of wrong parts.Oem has been contacted.good day .
 So it covers ` way too much of the license plate . It is n't just the eagle but also the rest of the frame that covers too much . Rather than install it and wait for the local cops to pull me over for an illegally-displayed plate , I simply wo n't use it.It might help to have actual measurements
 I bought 2 bottles for my car and my sons car , It looked great for about 4 days then it started peeling on both car bumpers ! I am so disappointed I could just puke . Do n't but this product !
 I applied this product following the instructions exactly but less than a week this left my Avalanche looking worse than ever . It peels and splinters like old flaky paint . Before the black trim on my truck was sunfaded but I could use one of the in store products like mother 's or some other gel restore and it would last for a week or two before fading away or washing off . Now i have light and dark spots and peeling on the trim . This stuff not only does not work but it makes things way worse !!!! You have been warned . I will try to post some pictures to show how awful it makes the trim look . I may have to get new trim in this stuff does n't come off in the next wash or two . That is how bad it looks now .
 I 've tried bondo and other dye type products . After time in sun , couple rains and car washes , it just do n't look even or anything like new trim . Its a bit of a pain to put coat after coat , touch it up here and there , I 'm just not happy with them.If you use just plain armorall , the results look better . For sun exposed faded trim , bed liners or heavily sun exposed trim , I 'd perhaps recommend bondo or simular dye type products to bring back the black , more than armorall . I usually re-spray the body trim on my 2011 kia sportage , which runs around the entire bottom of the vehicle , and rear bumper is black . Its alittle work each time . But when trim is dry , i spray the trim area good , use a cotton cloth and wipe it down , armorall removes tar and other residue . Takes me like 3 minutes , quick wipe down and it really looks good , like new trim , and the area with a little road tar is cleaned up also . I 'll stick with armor all for lower body trim , for the best look .
 received the order and this product is just the rear window vents two only not a complete setgood if you only need or want the back
 When I ordered these , it said it was a four piece set . I rec 'd a two piece set , rear windows only.Sent them back . Who would sell half of what you want ?
 Two issues :1 . Your parts selections show 1998 Dodge 2500 trucks but allow no distinction between gasoline and diesel models on the parts , specifically brake rotors and the steering pump .2 . There is no link that I can find on your web that allows a specific question about a part . Only a review of the part is allowed which is what I am using here , but I am not reviewing the part/s but the means to ask questions about parts . Thank you.David
 Item looked perfect . Need a few extra items to make it complete . Need something like a tweezer or fuse remover type tool for easy installation . The area were you need to put the nut is so tight on most vehicles that you ca n't get your fingers in there to hold the nut tight . Then you are screwed if you lose your grip on it.Also the nozzle is n't angled up high enough for my vehicle . Said this was the one to get for my 2001 Subaru Forester . But it only sprays the water solution 1/4 of the way up the windshield . But I guess at least it works better than before .
 I purchased this product and upon installation the nuts used to hold the sprayers in place because immediately stripped and we had to find replacements for them .
 Straight-forward installation , easy to adjust , perfect spray pattern . Then , after just a few days , the washer on one apparently broke and disappeared , so that nozzle started flopping around and became useless . A couple days later the pressure spraying from the other nozzle dropped almost to nothing . A couple days after that , the nozzle flew off mid-commute , because the plastic had snapped . All in all I got about a week 's solid use from these .
 If you intend to install these nozzles in a 2008 Ford Focus , you 'd better buy the hose kit as well . But wait , by that time you 've spent more than it would cost to get new OEM nozzles that would be a real easy repair . Hmmm .
 Missing one of the nozzles . Only came with one sprayer.Hopefully the company will fix this or i will nit be buying again or recomending to others .
 there is obviously a piece missing , there 's only one nozzle in this packet ... I should have read previous reviews ... not the first time someone complains . . the issue was resolved by amazon the same day -LRB- Thanks amazon -RRB-
 No instuctions are included nor online from the company . Maybe the will send them through thought waves . Went into glove compartment .
 The unit sprays to low on the windshield . You can only tighten the nut once , when trying to reposition the unit the nut stripped out the second time when tightening.Although the unit was n't that expensive it time consuming installing it . The companion should make sure little things like it hitting the windshield at a good location is a must .
 That word sums up what the product is ; poor quality ! I have no problem with the company that shipped this washer fluid sprayer , just with the manufacturer of it . I got these sprayers for my pick up truck , one sprays out liquid , the other does n't . The plastic tightening screw cracked very easily and caused the thread of the nozzle to strip . Spend your money on another product .
 I bought this to fill my air tank so I did not have to hold the chuck . This piece of junk is no good . They need a lot more R&D before putting this kind o stuff on the maket .
 I love `` Slime '' for fixing tires , it works great and the tire guys never mind properly repairing a tire even when I use this . -LRB- They wo n't touch a `` Fix a Flat '' tire.However this air chuck is terrible . It will not go on enough on shorter stem to lock on , I am constantly forced to hold it on tightly which negates the function of a lock on . When doing trailer tires and questionable car tires having you head next to them is not my idea of fun . This was supposed to be a solution and allow me to fill the tire from 6 or so feet away . However this product is terrible for most uses . On stems that are long enough for it to work right it is okay but more often than not especially for car tires it is horrible . Shame on `` Slime '' for selling such a poor product .
 Chrome plate coves are of low quality . Look good far away , close up chrome looks lousy . You get what you pay for .
 In less than a year all of the chrome has dissapeared leaving only a matted crap steel finish to the frame . The product was n't worth the money as it needs to be replaced every couple of months .
 After a very short exposure to road salt , this frame begins to pit and corrode . If you live up north or near the ocean , forget it .
 Looks great out of the box , but within weeks , the `` chrome '' starts pitting!I 'm disappointing in the quality of this product.I love the look and design of it , I just wish it lasted a bit longer than a few weeks .
 There are thousands of Chrysler Town and Country mini-vans on the road but I received pads that did n't fit my 2003 LX . I returned them for a second set and guess what the second set did n't fit either . Amazon was nice enough to issue a refund after I decided against a third set .
 Unit was beat up when I got it due to poor packaging . One small piece of bubble wrap on top of unit . Not wrapped in bubble wrap . Unit was beat up but worked .
 I highly recommend you stay away from any smitty built product . I put this bumper on a 93 Renegade YJ . First it does not fit a Renegade as claimed on Amazon . I had to cut out part of the body cladding to get it to fit . I know there are not a lot of Renegades out there but thought it was worth mentioning because I ordered this bumper because it said it would fit one . Now for the product in general . First off I have the rear bumper and tire carrier from Smitty I bought both at the same time . All products barley fit . The powder coating is so cheep if you look at it it scratches . One side of the front bumper sits closer to the fender by almost an inch . This can not be fixed without modifying the lower and upper bolt holes . They do give room for adjustment but in my case I could barley get the bolts in even with the slack they provide with the mounting holes . Read jeep forms for real reviews on this before buying . The bumpers are cheaper than others for a reason .
 The assembly instructions for this product are terrible . I ended up using the picture , but the quantities listed for certain items -LRB- i.e. washers , nuts , etc. -RRB- were not accurate , making it difficult . Also , there are supposed to be four wheels and my package only had THREE ! Frustrating . I will attempt to contact the factory , but I 'm not holding my breath .
 I needed a lift for my bike , so Amazon seemed like a great place to look . The Torin came a few days later . This unit is heavy . The box had a small hole in it with some clear tape over it . After I unpacked it and started to assemble , I realized I was missing a bolt assembly . No big deal , I thought , I 'll just call Torin customer service and get them to send me the missing part . I spoke with one rep that had a great deal of difficulty dealing with any sentence I used that contained more than four words . After 10 minutes of that , I politely asked if anyone else was there . `` Ed '' got on the phone . Wow !!!! `` Take it up with the place you bought it !! '' , he said . I explained that sending it back to Amazon would cost somebody $ 50 or so and I just needed a $ 2 part and I would be happy to pay for it ! `` What 's Amazon ?? '' , he said , `` Never heard of them . '' By now I was getting a little frustrated . `` Look '' , I said , `` I just need one bolt and I 'll be happy to pay for it . I have used your products for years , but this attitude makes me winder if I should continue to do business with you . '' `` Who cares '' , he said . `` Who needs you ? '' And he hung up on me !! Nice work , `` Ed '' . Amazon was great , as usual , and took the unit back.Buyer beware . Do n't buy Torin products .
 This jack is narrow and the lifting surfaces are small . I had a hard time lining up the jack for my harley and did n't trust to leave the area while it was up . I do n't recommended this jack for large cruisers . Pay more and get a larger jack .
 Bought T64017 to lift my Ultra for cleaning and service . Worked twice and then the hydraulics failed . Emailed and left messages with Torin 's 888 number with no ressponse . After researching , found out jacks were once manfactured in the US but the company moved offshore to China . Explains a lot regarding other complaints . Need to find a true American made bike jack .
 Got the Torin Big Red Jack today . This jack is scary and poorly constructed . The welding is like someone was in their first day of welding school . The platform was warp and not level . The safety arm was bent . The motorcycle is leaning when on the stand . Taking it back to Home Depot as soon as possible . I recomend that you do n't buy this one ...
 Have not been able to get jack to work . Have talked with Torin to no avail . They do not return phone calls . Finally got a reply and they suggested something to do but still does n't work . Have tried talking to them again but once again they are not returning phone calls . Very disappointed !!!!!
 First of all , go elsewhere to get an item of this size . Amazon shipped this in the retail box so even though I had it sent `` next day '' the box was worn full of holes and falling apart . The jack is mostly assembled but one bolt had come apart so it was missing a bushing and washer that fell through the holes in the box.I did n't even attempt to get a replacement because I needed the jack by the weekend . I am a machinist and made the parts I needed myself to avoid a customer service debacle.The jack is of very poor quality , the welds are similar to the ones I made in 9th grade shop class . The beads sit on top of the steel , no penetration what-so-ever , meaning no strength . MIG wire ends hanging off all of the welds . Really pathetic.One of the holes that mount the bottle jack was not tapped all the way through so it would n't tighten all the way and the spacing was n't right so the bolts just barely lined up with the holes.The rear wheels that lock are made from flimsy sheet metal and probably wont last very long . This locking wheel system is kind of worthless in this application because while the jack wont roll , it will rock and flex . For something like this screw down studs should be used , it makes a much more solid platform . I will probably drill holes and weld nuts to the base so I can add studs.A handle comes with this but does n't mount to anything . It has a `` c '' shape on the end but it mates with nothing , if you just use it as a hook to pull the jack the bicycle grip handle just pulls off , what a joke.The safety catch arms barely grab the notch they are suppose to catch and the ends of them were obviously burned off with a cutting torch . 9th grader -LRB- D student -RRB- fabricating work.The jack this one replaced was a $ 69 Wal-Mart `` GM Goodwrench '' jack . The Quality of the Wal-Mart `` GM Goodwrench '' jack was far far better and it was better designed but after 5 years the bottle jack failed . Rather than spending $ 30 on a replacement bottle jack and the time to fit it I decided to just buy new . Wal-Mart does n't carry the GM Goodwrench jacks anymore so I went for this one . I wish I would have just went to the local Harbor Freight and bought theirs so I could easily return it if there was a problem.The only things I like about this jack is it goes higher than most so it will take both wheels of my dual sport bike off the ground with plenty of room to spare , the release mechanism is very simple -LRB- which is what failed on my GM Goodwrench jack -RRB- and the upper bottle jack interface should work with most cheap bottle jacks if something fails it would be easy to fix.My bike weighs a bit over 400lbs I think it would be safe for that much weight but I would never want to put a heavy cruiser on this jack and most certainly not anything near 1500lbs . Just stay away from this one if you need something that works out of the box .
 this stand is &#34; ok &#34; it wobbles a lot , the thing is askew , as in it doesnt have all 4 feet on the ground.for the bumper supports it says to use 3 washers but it only supplies 2 for each bolt not 3 . the S pieces are more flat . causing them to slip off the bumper and chain . i have had the bumper fall once , luckly it was a test fit so i expected it to fall , i will be going to home depot to get some better S 's for the chain.put zip ties threw the area where the chain clips onto . so the chain can be hooked in but not drop or get lost.it does what it should , but its not as stable as others i have worked with ... quality could be better for the price .
 Highly disappointed in this purchase . I was looking for and thought I had ordered a Black Chrome frame . What I got was a metal frame that was painted black . FOrget the fact that it was bent when it arrived . It 's the description that is misleading . Unless you are looking for a heavy solid dark black license plate frame , I 'd buy something else because that 's what you 're gon na get if you order this one . Since I took it out of the package they want to give me a partial refund . Not worth the hassle of returning and paying for shipping to return it , so I threw it in the garbage . You missed the mark on this one Amazon . I thought being an Amazon prime member for three years might get me a little extra service , but they could care less .
 The guage I received says Orbit model # 53020 on it and was sold by Sea Edge Aquatics , not the guage pictured here , although this is where and these are the people I ordered it from and at the time cost $ 14.95 . A couple of weeks after I installed it in my Ro unit with a 60psi water pressure reading the alarm went off . This of course was at 5 am in the morning , kind of think of a cat clinging to a ceiling , I thought the house was on fire . The alarm went off because the guage was leaking both in the connections between the guage -LRB- not the water line connections but below the T connector it comes with -RRB- and the guage itself as it also was filling up with water.The alarm is still rigging in my ears an hour later as I had to get very close to it to disconnect it . It 's a very loud aquarium water leak alarm by Coralife.I am still ticked off 4 hours later .
 I purchased a set of floor mats from Coverking -LRB- thru a reseller -RRB- for a Mercedes Benz 350SDL . When I received my product it appeared the product was for a Mercedes 350SD . Compared to the original floor mats , Coverkings front floor mats were ill cut and the rear mats were 5 '' short . I contacted the reseller who tried to contact Coverking various times , by phone and email , without success to remedy the situation . The reseller refunded my money in the end and apologized for the unfortunate experience , which was beyond their control . Coverking 's website indicates the product is for the 350 SDL which it clearly is not . I will not buy another Coverking product after this experience .
 The mats shown in the ad vs the mats I received are not the same . As I indicated in an earlier review the mats shown have eyelets for securing to the floor of the vehicle . My car 2010 Cadillac DTS has the catches in the floor for the mats with the eyelets . The mats I received do not have that feature . They tend to move and not be stationary .
 Do n't understand why they ca n't make the whole thing metal , as the plastic grey hinge pieces have already broken for me . Anyone know if they sell these pieces separately ?
 The description does n't tell you that this wo n't work if you have electric controlled headrests . The picture does n't depict it clearly either . I 've been trying for several days to get in touch with this seller asking if there is a workaround or adapter , but I 've yet to get a reply.Overall , the quality is good but I ca n't speak to the fit & finish and I certainly wo n't rate the customer service as good .
 Was easy to order and got the part quickly . When received the lock assembly the inside box the lock came in was broken open and it was missing the retainer clip .
 Seats are pretty nice and are good for the price . However , the seats are not the same pictured ! These have a yellow 3a Racing stitched into the top and the ones I received say &#34; tuned by matrix &#34; in white ... I 'm going to keep them because its going in my off road vehicle and they are still comfortable , it just would be nice if amazon would sell something that is pictured and not something completely different.Boxes came completely trashed , and I 'm surprised that the seats were n't torn or damaged . I did however have to run to my local hardware store because the included hardware was no where to be found . Long story short , they work , just do n't expect to get what is pictured .
 Both are driver side!Ones had some broken plastic on it ! -LRB- UGLY -RRB- Seat seems to becoming apart and Im not even using them , im returning them!THESE ARE LOOK GOOD ONLY SEATSI NEED SEATS!CRAP!Would not suggest ordering , the seats are comfortable -LRB- for small medium people -RRB- but What THE HELL!Light colored grey , and not exactly as pictures -LRB- the recline is a handle . -RRB-
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Bought this a while back . Sides do not stay up and it is impossable to carry this when it has stuff in it . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 In order for the gtech to work , the suction cup must HOLD it on the windshield -LRB- unless you prefer drilling holes in your dash , which I do not -RRB- . My brand new gtech would not hold , nor did the manufacturer answer its phones during office hours-I got a recording . So , I pulled a Go-Pro Camera suction cup out of the camera case and adapted it to the Gtech . If I had n't had the camera suction which I had purchased a couple of years ago , the Gtech would have been totally useless . I guess I should n't expect it to work for `` only '' $ 300 ?
 It is a 2 piece rod , that locks together . The locking mechanism broke the 1st time i used it , now duck tape makes it a 1 pc rod .
 Like the other reviews say this rod sags in the middle , and with use becomes harder to assemble . The coupling in the middle is major flaw . Save your money . It 's junk .
 It was a good project installing the headers . When it got to the point where I/we could n't forget the bracket , we looked at each other and asked , `` Why ? '' I 've slept since then , and A LOT of water has run under the bridge . I ca n't remember if I just tossed it in a drawer , the trash , or went through the hassle of returning it.Maybe someone out there can tell me what happened to it . I would normally mutter profanities under my breath , and toss the part on the bench.As I recall , there 's no way I could 've used that bracket.Just another thought.If I decided not to order the bracket , and needed it , I 'd have been yelling profanities at the top of my lungs , because I did n't listen when it was suggested I order one . I only hope I returned it , and that I do n't find it in a coffee can a year from now.Everyone was saying things that made me think I 'd have to install the headers using a 4 lb . hammer . The headers went in with no modification at all . A brake line that had been changed previously was too close to the collector . When I had the Flowmasters -LRB- bought of the street -RRB- installed the installer told me that the line was close . That it 'd get too hot . When they were finished , and about to let the truck down I told them I wanted to bend that brake line a little bit . one of the guys that told me about the line , said that he 'd already moved it.I went out `` Rockin ' 'n' Rollin ' '' across the Delta on Hwy .4 , with my headers roaring . When I got to Stockton , my favorite stop is a Taco Truck in front of Lupita 's Cantina.I pulled off , headed towards the Taco Truck , with about 4 customers in line . The truck was n't stopping , or slowing much . Emergency brake ? Uhh , not holding too good either . I 'll do it tomorrow , right?I ca n't remember exactly how , but I stopped `` Ol' Curtis '' in time . I had to go `` WIPE '' , and change my shorts.I 'm 55 y.o. , and Dad got that truck , brand new , when I was 14 y.o. It 's been through my brother and I growing up , learning to drive , deer hunting , fishing , and I even took it on a `` Honeymoon '' to Folsom Lake in ' 76 , when it had a 10.5 ft. cab-over camper on it.Just a good old truck . NOT FOR SALE ! It 's my Dad , still hangin ' on . BTW the truck is a '71 Chevy , 3/4 ton , 2 WD , C20
 A piece if advice , these Bosch O2 sensors have different voltages then the OEM sensors . If you 're trying to pass smog check or switch off your check engine light , these sensors will just trade one OBD error code for another . Do n't make the same mistake I did , do some more homework and find the OEM unit . Do n't buy these .
 Specs were a little off according to the dealer . Could be wrong information from dealer also .
 If you want to remove sap from your car , DO NOT BUY this product . I followed the directions precisely , even repeating the process a second time , and absolutely nothing happened . The sap is still on the car , looking as though no one has even tried to remove it .
 Tarminator will remove tar , and much more if you let it . The directions say it is safe on paint and clearcoat , but it is not to be used on bare plastics -LRB- trim mouldings , headlights , etc -RRB- . The passenger side of my car was coated with tar from road construction , so I bought some Tarminator to remove it . On the fenders and doors , the tar was remove with no problems . However when used on my side skirts , which are painted and clearcoated , it started to melt them . Be careful when using this stuff on any kind of plastic whether painted or not .
 I park under an ornamental pear tree that drops these little berries every fall . I usually try to avoid parking there but this season forgot and my white coupe got pelted all night with them . The little berries leave these little tobacco-looking stains that are impossible to get off . I tried home remedies , but nothing works well . In desperation I tried this product , even using it 2-3 times as per directions . It succeeded in absolutely nothing . I do n't recommend it for this application . I realize that this is n't specifically sap per se , but close enough as far as I 'm concerned . Look elsewhere .
 This pump leaked from the very first use . Since we intended to use it for gasoline , the leaks were too dangerous . It has found an appropriate home in the county landfill .
 Tried to transfer some gas from my vehicle to a 1 gallon gas tank . Despite repeated attempts it did n't work . Waste of money .
 Tried to transfer some gas from my vehicle to a 5 gallon gas tank . Despite repeated attempts it did n't work . Waste of money.I have been told that some modern gas tanks have anti-siphon limiters . Is this true ?
 Tried the pump out and it was drawing air in at where the gray barrel meets the black plastic outlet and pumping water out . I superglued it and that fixed the air/water leak and now the pump works fairly well . If you have superglue around then this might be a good pump for various uses . I had to pump out a cover that filled with water and you can start pumping with this transfer pump and if you can put the hose lower than the water , it will then self-siphon . I had planned on transferring fuel from one boat to another and glad I pumped water first . With the leak I would have had fuel spraying out of the leak and that could have been dangerous . Considering the price , this is a really cheaply made transfer pump . I would also strongly recommend trying the pump out with water first before ever transferring any flammable liquids .
 Signature Series Dash Cover 81237-00-25 ; BlackWhat suede ? This does NOT look like any kind of suede leather I 've ever seen . It looks , -LRB- and feels -RRB- , like velvet CLOTH ! I have no confidence it will form-fit my dash . I have no confidence it will look like it belongs . I will use it ; if nothing else , it should , at least , protect the dash from further sun damage .
 I purchased a pair of these mirrors for towing our camper . When traveling at 55mph the vibration was to great to see clearly . One of the mirrors had two defects in the glass and after 2 or 3 weeks the rubber straps start to crack and deteriorate . I feel this product was not worth the money .
 This product did n't hold it 's own against cheaper , off the shelf waxes . Once every few weeks my buddy and i take new waxes and compare them . So far we have accumulated around 15 different waxes . We test them for their ability to bead/sheet water , hide swirls , the color clarity they provide , and how easy it is to remove . This product beaded the water but not as well as the cheaper waxes . It did n't hide any swirls even after 2-3 coats of it . The color did n't change on the paint after applying the wax . Finally when trying to remove the wax it left a streaky finish even after letting it haze up for 12 hours . Overall it was an unsatisfactory product and would not recommend it to anyone . The only redeeming quality of this product is that it went on easier than any other wax .
 THIS WAX IS WAY OVER PRICED FOR THE VERY LIMITED RESULTS .
 can you let me know is this will work in a mazda 6 2003 and does it show you how to program it ?
 THIS VERSION OF THE REESE LOCK IS VERY FLIMSY AND ONLY LOCKS ON ONE SIDE . I HAVE ANOTHER ONE THAT HAS A MUCH LARGER ROD THAT LOCKS AND I THOUGHT THAT IS WHAT I WAS GETTING WHEN I ORDERED THIS ONE . THIS IS A VERY LIGHTWEIGHT LOCK AND I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND IT FOR SECURITY REASONS . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR . IT 'S A WASTE OF MONEY
 I had misplaced my key for this lock and took a simple household hammer to see if I could get the lock off . To my amazement , 1 simple swing from the hammer and the lock popped off . Do not purchase this lock . I would recommend the California Immobilizer .
 All you have to do to bust this lock is set a concrete block underneath the prongs that stick down out of the base of the lock and lower the jack so the trailer 's weight is resting on the U-bar . Voila , you 'll hear a loud pop and the lock will be broken . Happened to me when I was changing the manual jack over to an electric one . Now I know and will be finding another kind of lock to replace this broken one.I still give it a rating of 2 because it WILL keep honest people honest . I tried prying it off when I got it and it was solid as a rock but it 's NOT a good security lock .
 After owning two of these and the two had had the same problem . The actual pin came off of the holder . I locked it and with all the vibration it just came right off , so much for security . Thiefs I am sure know how easy it is to pick on this lock . Do not buy . just my two cents .
 I 'd give it zero stars if I could.This is completely worthless . There are problems besides the key issue.All you have to do is pull hard and the lock comes apart and you are holding the two pieces in your hands wondering why you ever spent your money on garbage . I 'd like my money back , if only I could.Don ' t waste your cash on it ! You 've been warned .
 I could not get this to attach on my trailer that uses a 25/16 '' ball hitch . The shackle/base was n't wide enough . I 'm not sure if this is just an issue with a specific type of hitch , but I doubt it . On my 2 '' trailers it works fine . If you got the big ball it probably wo n't work . From what I can see it looks pretty easy to defeat , does n't seem to heavy duty to me .
 The security on these things is a joke . I lost the yellow part to one of these , so I bought a new one . My old key works in the new one . Is that a coincidence?So the only chance you have is against somebody that does n't know this ... Well now everybody knows this .
 Do n't bother with this lock . I noticed my trailer gone and this lock laying on the ground in two pieces . Apparently they shoved a prybar between the chrome U-bar and snapped it . I doubt the lock slow down a thief for more than 5 seconds .
 The `` key '' if you want to call it that is a total joke . They almost all have the same keys and at that its a very easy lock to pick . Also the pin -LRB- I believe its technical name is a `` locking dog '' -RRB- that holds the shackle from sliding out does not protrude much which makes it possible to , without much force , force the lock open . It appears to be heavy strong steel and might be somewhat hard to cut but very easy to pick or force open . I would try another lock .
 I bought this unit at a local `` Wally-World '' for 25 bucks . Only had it a couple weeks . I know it 's not the best , but I just thought it would at least slow someone down to the point that they would not be able to run off with my camper before drawing a lot of attention . So I went to hook up my camper for a trip , and as I unlocked this thing , THE TUMBLER CAME OUT ! Lot o ' good that is!That said , I found a MUCH better unit - just a shame Amazon does not carry this one :[ ... -RSB- Sure , it 's a good bit more . But as they say - you get what you pay for !
 I sell cargo/utility trailers and everytime a customer comes in to purchase a new trailer because their old on was stolen even with a lock on the front i ask the `` was it the yellow one with a u-bolt on top ? '' they say `` yes how did you know ? '' That lock is the easiest to cut off . a cordless grinder takes about 10 sec . to cut the u-bolt and it drops . Check out the Fulton Gorilla Guard . It is the most secure lock that we know of .
 Unhappy With Product , Locks Only On One Side.It Was Sent To Me Unpackaged And Key Was Broken Off Inside Lock ...
 This will not stop a thief . Easy to pick or shim , easy to break , all the keys are the same with a single notch . I 'm returning it .
 I bought this at wally mart and returned it because the key I got was completely straight save for one notch . Must take 10 seconds to pick .
 I purchased this for a Buyers coupler . Although it does fit , loosely , I feel I would n't have a problem forcing it off and it would n't be a problem to saw through or cut the 3/8 '' curved steel clamp . That said , I 've tried a couple other locks of which did not work at all ... so this is , I guess , better than nothing and should at least slow down theft of a trailer . If I find a lock that I know beforehand will work to my liking , this one will go into the junk pile .
 The lock works fine but the problem is that I ca n't find a locksmith who can get a key blank to make spare keys . That is a real problem . And , I have n't found a resource on the internet for a blank either .
 How on earth do you folks expect us out here to buy this product given that you do n't even include the size of it ? Is it 11/2 '' , is it 3 '' , is it 4 '' . How can you say it slips right on . Right on to what ?
 As the title suggests , I got this brake line to replace a blown one on the rear passenger side of my '96 A6 Avant quattro . Despite the picture , the item sold has two female ends -LRB- as opposed to one male and one female end which the actual part has -RRB- and is about two inches too short .
 I expect a high quality product from Master Lock as I have bought many of their products during my 60 years . This hitch ball is a great idea but the quality is poor in my opinion . Mine came with two balls both the same size , instead of one 17/8 '' and one 2 '' ball I got two 17/8 '' ones . One of the balls looked pretty well made the other one looked poorly made . The ball receiver has lots of machining marks , not what I consider well made . I then noticed `` Made in China '' on the package , another high quality product once made in the USA is now made in China . I wo n't trust my trailer and safety to a Chinese hitch . I 'm returning mine and I plan to buy another brand made in the USA . Master Lock you lost a lifelong customer .
 When I opened the box , I could immediately see a hole of about .25 &#34; in diameter at the weld . Very disappointing , as other reviewers have pointed out . See the image I posted in the customer images section.The other welds are sloppy at best.Do not buy this product , the welds are absolutely terrible .
 Seam between outlet chambers is n't even welded . Other welds are ok , not pretty but at least exist . Makes for nice exhaust leak and extra work at install to fix . Very bad workmanship .
 After reading all the other reviews , decided to pay more for the Staun deflators . Installed all four on the Jeep wheels and let them air down . Package says they are preset for 18 lbs . When each one stopped letting out air , checked them with a gauge - two at 16 , one at 12 , one at 8 ! Not quite 18 ! Then I decided to let the two 16 lb ones alone and set the other ones for 16 , a good enough number for what I do . Followed the instructions specifically , found that getting the other two set correctly was quite difficult as the procedure would end up with something other than the desired 16 lbs . Then saw that 1/2 turn equals 3 lb change up or down . One setting was at 22 lbs -LRB- I set it up for 16 lbs as per instructions -RRB- so I turned the adjuster 1 full turn -LRB- 22 - 6 = 16 Yeah , well the one full turn moved it down to 12 lbs ... Another false instruction . Quite frustrating and extremely difficult to get the desired results . Each time the deflator is adjusted , one must pump up the tire about 8 lbs over the desired pressure to test it . After an hour or so , I finally got the remaining two at 16 lbs . Realized that I could have spent about half as much and the had the same frustrations . Over priced , NOT EASY , false instructions . Would not recommend nor buy Staun again .
 I bought this to use with with my hitch mount bike rack to clear the tire I carried on the back gte of my Jeep . It is way too long , incredibly heavy and lets the bike rack dangle all over the place . I am using it for the wrong application , it 's not good as bike racks extension .
 Was listed as a drivers side front window motor for a 98 Caddy . It is for the passenger side front window for a 98 Caddy . Could n't use . Did n't think it was returnable so I bought another and put that one in the garage .
 I guess we were just too addicted to strong leadership and decisive action in ' 04 ! Maybe we needed a full blown 12 Step program , rather than just a derogatory bumper sticker , to get us to vote for anything but real men as our leaders !
 I ordered and received the rolls of tinting quickly after I ordered them - but when it came time to use them - I have been disappointed related to several of the rolls had been smashed causing creases and I was unable to apply to the windows smoothly because of the creases . Also , although they were in an appropriate size box - 4 of the 7 rolls I received had been opened prior to my receiving them .
 I just returned my Haynes Cadillac Manual to AutoZone . IF the Haynes folks had half a brain they 'd put together books for the specific cars you own . By combining 10 years worth of 3 significantly different body styles , 4 different engines , 4 different transmissions , untold number of electrical diagram schematics , you end with a HUGE puzzle of information . After changing the water pump in my '02 Northstar V-8 I concluded that this manual is good for emergency toilet paper only .
 This manual has little that applies to any Caddy and what may be in there is hard to locate . I found more on the internet than in this manual !
 I did a disc brake conversion on my `` muscle car '' and thought this would ease the bleeding process somewhat . If there are any leaks in the system you 'll be there for weeks doing your bleeding . With all new plumbing and fittings , leaks are inevitable . This will just draw more air into the system and you find the bleeding -LRB- and pumping -RRB- goes on forever . With the two man operation leaks show up and you 're able to tighten/fix the problem areas . It will draw a vacuum as advertised but the included cup is rather small and becomes messy as you empty it . All-in-all the old conventional pump and hold system works better .
 This thingy is extremely frustrating and messy to use ... The reservoir is small , but that does n't matter , it 's almost impossible to get the pipe to seal tightly enough around the bleeder screw to get a good vacuum going . An absolute waste of time and money - save yourself the frustration and get a power bleeder from the start , they 're slightly more expensive , but well worth it .
 In the course of trying to get rid of the air in my ABS unit that developed after changing a brake line I tried this product and a power bleeder from Motive . I had minimal success with this unit . While I had 100 % success with the Motive power bleeder.While the Motive power bleeder might require a little more of an investment , it is hard to argue with success . I biggest compliant concerning the power bleeder is that it did not come with any instructions . Although I did find a great demo video on their homepage that answered all my questions , but it would have been nice to have written instructions.A comparison on the ease that each unit worked I felt the Motive bleeder was much easier . With Mityvac , you have to create and how a vacuum level with each wheel , hence you have to do this four times if you are bleeding your vehicle once -LRB- pumping the unit multiple times at each wheel to achieve the level of vacuum needed -RRB- . Although with the Motive bleeder , it adapts to the master cylinder pushing fluid through the system from the beginning . So once you have pressure , you simply go around to each wheel and bleed them using a catch jar to capture the old fluid . I would recommend checking the pressure level after bleeding two wheels depending how much fluid you have drained out . Then you might have to give it a couple of pumps to achieve your starting vacuum level.For my two cents , buy the power bleeder from Motive instead of the Mityvac if you are trying to eliminate air in your brake system . Take it for what its worth ... David
 I bought this thinking that I could change my brake fluid without having to bother my wife to pump the brake for me . It worked well for sucking the fluid out of the reservoir , but it was all downhill after that . The cap to the collection cup leaks like a sieve . I had to keep pumping and pumping to maintain any sort of suction . I tried a couple things to seal it up , but to little avail . After spending a good half an hour fiddling on the first one and a half wheels , I broke down and called my wife to pump the brake pedal . Ended up being much quicker . Oh , well .
 This light bar will not fit a 2011 GMC HD 3500 truck that has a factory light bar installed . The mounting holes will not line up . The light bar wiring is offset and will not line up with the factory wiring access hole . Although Recon lights look good they fill with condensation -LRB- I have had 3 sets -RRB- . Contact with Recon has proven fruitless as they will not stand behind purchases made through Amazon .
 I purchased the Moose Front Cargo box for the rear rack of my Honda Foreman . I wanted something that was shorter than the typical rear cargo box and read on another forum where someone purchased it for their rear rack too . Upon receipt of the box , I noticed the waterproof seal was not installed and this took a little bit to crimp the seal onto the bottom of the box . After installing the seal , the box was very flimsy , even with the seal on . The top of the box is lifted with two small hinges on the rear of it and a strap on each side of it , which made it not stable . When aligning it on the rear rack to get read to mount with the u-bolts , I saw that the box interfered with removing my seat -LRB- this is not a manufacturer 's issue , this was my issue -RRB- . With all the combined issues above , I decided to return it . Overall I was not satisfied with this product from Moose , as I have many other Moose products and for $ 125 , this was a cheap box . I purchased a Quad Boss Front Cargo Box as a replacement and it is much more durable , straps with bungee cords -LRB- rather than U-bolts that can be damaged -RRB- and was $ 15 cheaper .
 Although the part is obviously of quality construction -LRB- excluding the coating -RRB- , it does n't fit on to 1986 Mazda B2000 trucks . As the previous review points out the down pipe section dumps the exhaust at the transmission support bracket making it impossible to connect to the rest of the exhaust . If you intend to run your O2 sender you will need a special pipe with a bung welded in , otherwise some bent pipe form home depot will do the trick . The coating is also of poor quality and burned off in the 1st 100 mile of use , oh and did I mention it smoked like a chimney while it was burning off?Now the best part is when I contacted pacesetter about this they asked for images , which I sent them , and then stopped talking to me . Great costumer support guys.DO NOT buy this , or any other pacesetter part for that matter , just have the local exhaust shop make you one .
 I 've installed Hella Supertones -LRB- made in Germany -RRB- on 2 previous cars and loved the results . The ones I just had installed are made in India and both the sound quality and loudness are greatly inferior to earlier Hellas . I 'm unable to install them myself , so I had a very reputable VW shop install them on my 2010 GTI . Took 2.5 hrs labor at $ 75/hr . Wish I 'd never bought the darn things . The Hella spin is that they 're 7 times as loud as most stock horns . They might be almost twice as loud , but the frequency is lower and not attention getting . Save your money - these do nothing to add to safety .
 I bought this product and being a professional fabricator and mechanic I figured the description would be correct . To begin with it does n't fit , The bolts are not near long enough , the angles are wrong to incorporate into existing exhaust system and it would clear the shift linkage on a column shift without significant modification . There 's also no instruction on were to relocate the power steering return hose -LRB- which rubs against the header -RRB- and could cause a major fire .
 The original would last for years , but the new tape that replaced it is n't as strong as an adhesive and does n't stay on as well . Luckily I still have some of the old tape that I 'll only use for the exterior of the car and only use the new version on the interior . Hopefully the makers of this tape will see this review and improve their tape once again !
 Tried applying this to a 2011 CTS-V and the results were not that great . Yes , it can do smooth flat surfaces easily , but throw in a corner or unusual bend and it does n't look right . The product also rips easily when removing it from the backing and has very rough edges . There really is n't a cheap way of blacking out trim . I will be trying a plastic dip method next as that will evening and fully cover the trim .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I totally agree with and echo the comments of the previous reviewer almost verbatim . After a six week wait , the item arrived in badly torn packaging with the provided hardware falling about loosely in the box . I was not as fortunate in that almost half the mounting hardware was lost . As a result I was able to mount only one of the guides so far . The white uprights were badly scuffed and had black marks all over .
 Just received this and decided to put it on the trailer . The box was in rough condition and someone had taped up one side of an end . That should have prepared me . When I tilted the box , the posts and mounting frames came out and then an empty cardboard parts holder . Someone had ripped open the plastic wrap . I gently tilted the box further and the nuts , washers and screws came out . Unfortunately , only half the nuts were there and 3 lock washers were missing.This means I have to go to home depot and try to match up the nuts and washers . This is more of an inconvenience than a cost or product misfunction . But somebody packed it that way and it was pure laziness and poor business practice . I would n't purchase from them again most likely . Too bad , because the item looked to be of decent quality .
 We bought a grillguard shown on the picture ! However , what came was something totally different , grillguards for only the lights-right and left - for back of the car!They should show picture relating to the item they sell !!!! Now we have the run-around in sending it back .
 I purchased this generator a month or so ago . It looks to be a very well made high quality unit.A word of caution . Powermate is not part of the Colman company . Powermate is no longer in business , so there is no manufacture support for this unit .
 I love Amazon but will not be buying any car parts here . This belt is 1/2 inch small but still it says that it 's made for my car ... . Very disappointing !
 Specifically ordered this style because it said it fit our 2000 Toyota 4Runner . When we opened the pkg the invoice said it was for our vehicle but the mat was way TOO small ! We 're guessing the wrong item was sent , and AMAZON.com took care of the return no problem . Also it seemed a bit expensive after seeing the quality , a little flimsy and we wo n't be ordering another one .
 This is too small for a normal car cup holder . It will work but not very happy with the size .
 I thought this was a good idea for my motorcycle riding but when it arrived , there were no instructions or anything to explain how to switch the frames with the strap for the goggles and when I tried just popping the lenses out to see how easy it was , I could not get the lenses to seat themselves again securely . A real waste of $
 looks good but the foaming or cushing or whatever u want to call it is not comforting at alli am in the look out for another new set of glasses
 These air loose fitting and blow my contacts out of my eyes when I ride . I wear medium/large helmets and these glasses/goggles wont seat on MY head . They even blow up to my hair sometimes . Even with the strap attached , the wind is so bad you ca n't see . It 's like a wind magnet to your eyeball . Unless you 're a XXXXL head with low expectations , DO NOT BUY ! This is my worst purchase since I 've begun riding ...
 This is a great lock for that cool look and ease of storage and mobility . It is also great because there are many ways to lock your bike with the street cuff . Especially when you have to lock your bike onto bike rails on campus , etc. . Sometimes that traditional U-lock gives you a headache trying to figure out how to lock your bike . Overall , for the first impression part of this product I give it an A + . But ... From what I understand , a security locks main purpose is to secure your investment . In this case it would be our bikes . So what is the point of having a security system if it does n't protect your investment ? Masterlock did do a good job by innovating a security system based off traditional handcuffs . But did they know that there is a very fatal weak point in this product?The actual incident I encountered ... I have had my bmx for roughly one month and I used the Masterlock Street cuff for my security . One day I did n't feel like hauling my bike 3 flights of stairs to my apartment . So I cuffed my bmx to a 6 foot masterlock street chain that was securing my motorcycle . Next day my bmx was gone . The thief had cut right through the link of the street cuffs . -LRB- I have made a website in order to show some pictures of the street cuffs cut in half . -RRB- In conclusion ... The main purpose of a security system is to secure our investments . If the product ca n't serve the main purpose of a security system . Then it fails to even be considered a worthy product to purchase . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 It 's a cheap solution , but not a great one.PROS + Less expensive than Kryptonite locks + Not often seen , so thieves will be less familiar with itCONS - The actual durability of the lock is n't great . The connection joint would be an easy place to cut through . - The customer service of the company is very poor . I 've spent the last month trying to get the warranty information they require filed -LRB- which is requested via registered mail with no electronic option -RRB- . Their mailing address has changed recently and they have n't elected for mail forwarding at their old address , so be careful if you go down this route . As of today , I still have n't been able to get the warranty filed with them . As they state their guarantee 's only for people who have gone through the process , this is a concern . Can anyone respond to whether MasterLock has paid out this warranty historically ? - The turning mechanism jams very easily .
 Thought the chain was longer , it 's really short . I could not fit this to my frame and a signpost and my front wheel . Plus it 's very heavy and flops around . Good for marring the finish of your bike .
 These failed me completely ! In the first few days I went to unlock them and the one cuff on the frame would not unlock with either key . So ... I had to go to a locksmith . After opening it we reattached the cuffs to the bike and the other side `` froze '' but this time after trying to pick it ... no luck , so it had to be cut . After many phone calls to Masterlock , I was finally able to get a refund but it was a hassle !
 I purchased this lock and they stole my bike + the lock the same night I put it !! it looks really nice and strong but I think it 's REALLY EASY TO PIKE UP . Save ur money !!
 Plz do let get this lock it is not safe for your motorcycle . I used it on mine and it got stole . Some how they cut the lock.real talk , its looks cool and all but dont make the same mistake I did
 Had this lock on my bike , forgot it was there , drove off with it on and it broke . No damage to my bike , this would not stop anything .
 after watching lock picking videos from youtube i was able to pick this lock with a bic pen cab within a minute . save your money !
 This is a very unforgiving review because this product has so little to design about it that it should have no flaws , but it does . # 1 The lock hole is not like the one you probably have on the door of your house , or your auto 's ignition . In those locks , the key inserts into a long rectangular hole and must push up pins to the correct heights to be able to turn the lock . On this piece of junk , there is a series of disks with a small rectangular hole for the key that are stacked together all the way down into the lock , and the little rectangles do n't all line up . You have to put the key in and turn it back and forth while pushing down , as the key descends one ring at a time when you align the key with that rings rectangle , until if finally has fit through all the rings . Then you can turn it . You would think they would stay lined up but they do n't . As often as not , until I decided to quit using this thing , I spent a couple minutes crouched by the front wheel wiggling the key back and forth trying to get the stupid thing to unlock while my coworkers had already stowed their lunch pails , pulled on their gloves , and ridden away . I tried lubricating the lock just out of lack of anything else to try , but it did n't help . # 2 The rod that goes through the disk is too big . You may not be able to find a hole in your disk big enough to fit it through . Depends on your application I guess . It fits my front disks , but not the back one.The rod should be thinner . It does n't make it any more theft proof to have it this size.Other notes
 I previously owned the 2 inch version , but after one of the spare keys got stolen , I bought the 3 inch version . To my surprise my old keys were interchangeable with the new lock . I was very surprised since I have always considered Masterlock to be an excellent brand.Edit
 I previously owned the 2 inch version , but after one of the spare keys got stolen , I bought the 3 inch version . To my surprise my old keys were interchangeable with the new lock . I was very surprised since I have always considered Master Lock to be an excellent brand.Edit
 I purchased this from WalMart for $ 20 . The lock failed to open after 2 weeks of use . I managed to open the lock with some difficulty but I wo n't use it once I get some other disc brake lock . This lock is heading to the trash .
 This lock feels flimsy to me and I worry that it would n't take much to remove it . I use when I 'm at the grocery store but would n't trust it for higher security when parking my Vespa on the street . This lock is light weight and easy to install . I like the cord and use all the time regardless of the lock used .
 Purchased this as a replacement for a Bully lock . Liked the low price , trusted the name . Should n't have.This did not get one star because it did work out of the box . This is not an outdoor lock , nor is the mechanism sound , even new . Without taking a photograph of the inside , the individual plate tumblers are n't spring loaded , and dont reset , which means that the key wont even fit all the way in.All locks rust , but this lock seized up almost immediately . WD-40 left it working for a while ... until that dried out . You could use this lock if you sprayed it out once a week , and did n't leave it outside ... you know , on your motorcycle.The metal quality seemed fine , but I couldnt use it enough to find out . The metal for the key was extremely soft and bent under normal pressure when trying to unstick the lock .
 I previously owned the 2 inch version , but after one of the spare keys got stolen , I bought the 3 inch version . To my surprise my old keys were interchangeable with the new lock . I was very surprised since I have always considered Masterlock to be an excellent brand.Edit
 This lock is broken easily with the weight of the vehicle and a thief !! it is like not having anything at all to anyone who has stolen a bike before !! do not buy this unless you wish to give away your money .
 This sort of works , I have to fiddle around with the lock for it to open , I spent anywhere frlm 1-2 min getting it open , it sucks
 Center pin is kind of thin . i pushed my bike and didnt realize it was locked . The wheel turned and the lock did what it was supposed to do , it stopped the bike , but when i removed the lock and inspected it . i saw the locking pin was bent , so i hammered it back stairght , it locks the bike but i think if i started the bike and throttled it , the lock would probably fail .
 This product was ordered and promptly delivered to my wifes paents that live in Georgia . They then visited my family in Mozambique , Africa over the Christmas holidays and brought the product to me . I just went to use it and uon removing the cap the nozzle is missing . I can not use the product . Unless I can get a replacement this was a waste of my money .
 I should have listened to Stephanie . What I received was not what I needed , not what was in photograph at all , not even for same car manufacturer . Not even worth one star . Total washout . It 's what I get for buying auto parts from a book store !
 Dont do it ! I will never buy from Amazon again . I have had nothing but problems . I got the same wrong product twice and it took me about 20 calls or more to get my money back . Never again .
 I must clarify first that the lock is good . I have to temporarily put one star there , but it is not about the lock.My problem is the one I received is not the same one as the picture on amazon website . I got the one with two single pins -LRB- 1/2 '' and 5/8 '' -RRB- . I need the set of 1/2 '' pin with two small block humps before elbow and sleeve with OD 5/8 '' , which is same as the picture , so I can make some adjustment on the sleeve to have it fit my Allen bike rack.I will try to contact manufactory to get this corrected.If you want to use this item same way as I planned to , you may check with manufactory first.Before placing order , the only thing I can relied on is the picture . The picture is different style and it still there by now!Again , the lock is good . Thanks !
 I hoped the O ring problem on another reviews was an isolated incident . Lesson learned . Return costs almost as much as the item so I just have to suck it up .
 This lock did not hold up to the MN winter . Road salt got under the cap and into the lock and had to finally drill it out to get it off . Just my experience .
 Thing is , the allen hitch mount I bought tells me that if i do n't use their bolt -LRB- which does n't lock -RRB- , the mount wo n't be solid . If i use this lock , it will wobble.So , I either compromise my installation , using this product , or I use the bolt , and someone steals it.Lose either way . Sucks . -LRB- both allen mount , for not having a better solution , and for the lock company , for not considering a way to solid mount the rack !
 Chose this lock for the Master Lock name . I do n't bother with any other brand due to the numerous issue free locks I already own . Unfortunately , Master dropped the ball with this hitch lock . Even with the lock cap in place , after only a week of use the lock seized . The keys are not heavy duty and did n't take much to snap one off due to the seized tumbler . Pulled out the hack saw and freed my hitch . Sending both pieces back to Amazon .
 The 5/8 '' pin fits nice and snug in the lock and seems to be well made but the 1/2 '' pin seems to be loose and I 'm afraid that water or dirt will be able to seep in . And of course this is the one that I need for my hitch . I will update my review later after I see how long it lasts .
 Currently the amazon description says this is a 50/50 ready to use mixture . It is however the concentrate ! 100 % antifreeze so you 'll have to mix it yourself !
 The 1 '' dia . hole for the hitch ball was tapered . It was 1 '' at the top and at least 1-1/8 '' at the bottom . It should have been rejected by any honest inspector .
 According to Edelbrock and Cloyes technical support experts ; this timing chain and gears were never intended to be used on engines with cam shaft balance systems . Once again the Amazon parts locating system has failed to make the proper recommendation to me . This added additional downtime to a vehicle restore job.If you order here be sure you attempt to install your part very soon because the return policy is only 90 days .
 this manual is not very useful !! . . all the informations into this book are not detailed and if you know a little bit of mechanic . . this is useless !!! dont buy it . . moreover i have a jetta 2.8 l V6 and there is no information in this manual about this engine . . bad choice
 And yes , I ordered the correct size for my hitch except that the device does not allow for the size lip that is on my hitch .
 Does n't have a chance of fitting the square hitch on my boat trailer . It might fit on my car hauler , but I 'm doubting that as well -LRB- have no reason to try it ; this was purchased for travel purposes -RRB- . Had I known it only fit certain tyles of hitches I would n't have bought it .
 Bought this lock 3 months ago and used it 4 times . On the fifth time using it the lock cylinder fell out the bottom . What total piece of JUNK !!!! Cheap China Junk !!!!! Spend the extra money to by quality ! Amazon does not care and will not refund the money they stole for junk !!! Run Away !!!!!!!
 I had this Edelbrock fuel filter for about 5 months now on my project car which I am almost finish rebuilding . I have notice little pieces of rust has been passing through and clogging up my carb . I have open and cleaned my Autolite 4100 carb twice already and still with the same problem . I might have gotten a bad filter but i doubt it .
 I bought this to wire up some HID lights and a stereo system along with some other accessories . When I got this I noticed it had only 7 , 10A fuses which do not allow enough current for the items I wanted to install . The gauge of the wiring is way too small also . All the circuits had only 16 gauge wire or maybe smaller . I was flying blind because the fuse size , wire size are not listed on Amazon or the Painless website so people will know what they are buying . You also can not tell by the picture because it only shows it with the cover on over the fuses .
 I expected more from this given the high price and manufacturer 's description.It has 2x 40 amp spst breakers ; these are used to control the power to the fuse block ... you wo n't be using these for accessories like one might expect . There are 7x 10 amp outputs , a major disappointment . 10 AMPS MAX !!! I do n't expect 7 high outputs but you must give a few because the point of this product is upgrading your vehicle and a stereo amp will need 20-30 amps . The output wires are THIN . They are at most 16 gauge , possibly 18 . The input wires might be 14 gauge tops . This is not a heavy duty product.The manufacturer needs to do a better job of providing an accurate description . I ca n't even use it . Worthless Wiring .
 I live in an area that get snow and where the roads get salted . I purchased this frame exactly 41 days ago and it got pitted in short order . I returned it and am now ordering the same frame in chromed plastic , which is what I should have done in the first place .
 The darn grilled did not fit like they said it would . Had to cut it in several places to make it fit somewhat and the edges where sharp and it scrathed my bumber . Decided to keep it than to go go through the hazzle of sending it back . I will never buy from PUTCO ever again
 The hitch came with a faulty part - one of the welded bolts of the arm that attaches to the car was not welded on well and so the provided bolt could not pass through the hole and welded bolt . It would have required unwelding the bolt and reattaching it but not everyone has a welding machine at home . To the company , Curt Manufacturing 's credit , they sent me a replacement part but it took nearly a month for them to do so . The person who spoke with me over the phone even said that he would check the part before they sent it out . Unfortunately , when the part arrived it had the EXACT SAME problem . This time I noticed they sent a thinner bolt that did not match the size and strength of the original which I believe was an error in packing on their part . So , if I could have given zero stars for this product I would . kudos for the company for trying to fix the problem but very disappointing that they could n't live up the Made in the USA brand .
 I got this for my 93 Mazda 323 . This is the same product that the local autoshops offered but I found it cheaper online . However , this is does not fit my engine despite what Fel-Pro says . The big clue in is that it only offers 8 instead of the necessary 16 , 4 valves per cylinder ... If you have this generation Mazda 323 you will need the 16 piece set for the turbo model engine .
 Initially I was a little dissapointed with the Borla system for the S2000 . I have a Borla cat-back exhaust on my 1995 Tacoma , and it sounds great , looks good after 5 years , and delivered a bump in performance and fuel economy.The system for the S2000 came packaged well , however the exhaust tips had burrs and imperfections , and I feel that the most visible part of the system should obviously look the best . I also did n't like the fact that the tips are almost a copy of the factory tips , so there is no custom look to the system.It is lighter than factory , possibly by as much as 15 lbs , and installation was quick , easy , and straight-forward , and after several weeks there are no rattles or squeaks that have developed.The sound quality is ok at best . The tone is much deeper , and I like that for a 4 cyl , however it tends to drone more than stock and reverberates in the interior , especially with the top up , and that is an issue with almost every S2000 after market system , from what I have heard.I also did not experience even the slightest gain in performance in any area . I know the factory systems nearly maximizes the S2K potential , but again since I did experience gains with my Tacoma , I expected a little performance or fuel economy gain with the Honda , and it does not deliver . If anything , the exhaust is just as restrictive as factory and I possibly even lost a couple of hp as well as 1-2 mpg.While I still feel that Borla delivers a quality product for many vehicles , I would advise doing extensive research and purchasing a different aftermarket system for the S2000 .
 Bad product , after putting it in my car it lasted 2 weeks before they burn out . will never buy this again . I will say buy this if you want to waist you 're money .
 Got these in a poorly packed box . Items in a plastic unsealed container with no markings , label on them . They had fingerprints on the bulbs . Looks used not new as ad stated . Sent them back for refund . Emailed them , they said we do not sale used items . Well explain what happen . Had a detective look at them and take photos for future action if need be . Also told Amazon on how yucky this transaction was . So if you deal with this company please inspect your items real good so you do not get cheated .
 The Amazon photo and description both indicate that screw covers are included . They are not ! I checked the model number thinking I may have been shipped the wrong one , but the numbers agree . I was very disappointed with Amazon .
 well I wanted the energy bushings in red with the metal outer shells as pictured , i got black with no metal shells which means I have to scrape or burn the rubber from the original factory shells to reuse them and guess in the end it is my fault for not reading and just going by the picture and the fact that the page said they fit my application
 I received this product brand new , in a box , but it did not work in the plane . The enpower connector for the plane seem to fit , but it would just beep and the light would turn green for a second then go off and no was supplied to my laptop . Perhaps , it 's just a dud , but since I threw out the box , I ca n't return it to try another one . Luckily my return flight had standard AC plugs so there was no need to use it .
 While the frame itself looks nice -LRB- glossy black metallic -RRB- , the bolt covers do n't work at all . They do n't snap on securely , and the clear plastic washer that the bolt covers are meant to snap onto break easily.What 's the point of having a nice looking black license plate frame if your nasty zinc bolts are showing?Save your money .
 Good for scratchy pots ... a disaster for faders . Totalled out the faders on my vintage Arp Odyssey and Tapco 4400 . The faders no longer move . Both pieces were never toured and kept covered . The ARP was bought new . Dielectric grease by Luberex is the choice if you have to get into your vintage faders .
 I bought these for my wife 's car thinking I could improve over the original headlamps , well that did n't happen and within one week I 'm replacing these with another set -LRB- Sylvania 's -RRB- . The first set came in and one of the bulbs did n't work , I called customer service and they sent a replacement , they both worked this time but the wife was n't happy , she could n't see any better and maybe worse cause of the way the light beam was !?! The packaging had no details like what you see on the web page , it was just a clear box with bulbs not even sealed . I would n't buy this product again .
 It 's not shaped for ANY motorcycle ; wrong fit -LRB- smaller -RRB- ; comes with grommets , but no cable or ties ; it 's very heavy ; doese n't have vents to prevent condensation , as advertised ; doese n't come with storage bag . Need I say more ?
 This particular cover was sold to me on the promise that it would fit my motorcycle perfectly . It did n't . But it is ok . What is worse is that it was torn apart -LRB- where one piece was glued to the other -RRB- by wind in 2 weeks . And it does n't have any ventilation holes thus leading to condensation and rusting.In general , PVC is not a good material for a cover .
 Not much to say . I bought my first Nelson Rigg cover -LRB- same as this model -RRB- last October . It developed several rips through the winter that I attributed to winter wear and tear . The rips got so bad I had to buy a new one . On March 22 I received the same cover -LRB- figuring it 'd last longer in the warmer spring and summer months -RRB- . I get home from work yesterday and the front looks like it literally blew up like a popped baloon . Unreal , total waste of money . I have a picture but not sure it 's possible to upload .
 the amazon fitment said these fit my vehicle and they do not my vehicle takes the larger size also offered
 Amazon had me type in the make , model , and year of my car to make sure the part fits . It fit alright , but as a tail light , not a brake -LRB- stop -RRB- light .
 Touchless Car Cover - Waterproof Indoor Outdoor Better than Wolf , Noah , Covercraft , Griots GarageThe most revolutionary car cover ever . Unlike a traditional car cover , it will take seconds to put the TOUCHLESS CAR COVER on your vehicle or take it off . No longer will dust and dirt get on your well taken care off automobile because of a dirty traditional car cover.Best of all , this remarkable car cover will cost about the same or less than the traditional car cover.Bottom line - this is not your father 's car cover.We invite you to join our interest list.Those on our interest list will be given priority status when the Touchless Car Cover is ready for shipping . Also , once our prototype is complete , you will get an email with the full details including dimensional drawings.THE FOREVER DIRTY CARIf you use an outdated cover , once your car is washed you face the unpleasant choice of leaving the car uncovered to immediately start collecting dust -LRB- yes even inside a closed garage -RRB- or covering the car and trapping moisture that stays present in the hundreds nooks and crannies of the car . If you cover your car just after washing you subject yourself , if using the old fashioned cover , to growing mold and bacteria under the cover and within the unreachable nooks and crannies . We 've all entered a car that has the faint -LRB- or strong -RRB- odor of mildew . This can be prevented by immediately covering the just washed car with the TOUCHLESS CAR COVER . No dust . No trapped moisture . No chance for mold to grow . The car is allowed to dry naturally and dries without the accumulation of dust.It takes the average car 18 to 30 hours to fully dry , depending on ambient temperature . In colder climes winter temperatures can more than double this drying time . In that time your car accumulates enough dust so that the outdated cover will scratch the finish when placed on the car no matter how soft the fabric of the cover is . You can see the results of this on otherwise well taken care of automobiles that have fine spider web scratching on the car . Unless you wash the old style cover several times a month , this scratching can become severe . If a small piece of grit gets trapped within the old style cover from placing it in the car trunk , on the garage floor or cabinet , the scratching can easily make its way through the clear coat or worse.This same moisture trapping event is a problem for those that live in foggy areas . Ambient marine layer or fog while using the old style car cover will be trapped just as post washing moisture.The TOUCHLESS CAR COVER costs no more than an old fashioned car cover but does much much more in protecting your car.Your car will be worth more at trade in time or at auction time in case of collection car and you will save the price of the TOUCHLESS CAR COVER by decreasing the use of car washes .
 I ended up returning this tow strap because the strength rating in the description is inaccurate . The description says it 's rated at 20,000 lbs , but the rating on the strap itself is 12,000 lbs .
 This is the wrong aprt for a 2004 F150 FX4 , Auto Parts Warehouse will not exchange it for you and will charge you to return it taking up to 5 weeks total to get a credit
 As others hav said it 's too long when wipers are shut off it rides up on the fender on passenger side put the old one back on so I have 1 winter and 1 regular blade
 When I received these wiper blades they were deformed and would not conform to the fit of the windshield . I think they are selling a batch that did not pass the quality control needed to sell them in a retail brick & mortar store .
 These kind of lights break to easily . say you go over a rough railroad track , your out of 70 $ .
 I installed this hoping it would mollify my hot starting issue , no difference . That 's it , nothing else to say about the product .
 Bought these to do a complete swap out of all the brakes on a '03 Neon . Front pads were a breeze , rear shoes were ok . Once I tightened everything up , set the adjuster , put it on the ground and took it for a spin , there was a horrible grinding noise out of the right rear . Took it off , made sure I had not flipped the order of the shoes , adjusted it again , and no dice . Ended up putting the old ones back on . These had extra backing plate material that was just enough to grind into the drum .
 I ordered a VDO turbo gauge , received a Volt meter . I sent it back for a refund and they charged me for the free shipping .
 Turtle Wax F21 Super Protectant Interior Cleaner will damage and ruin your interior ! This stuff leaves a white residue that wo n't come off . At first I thought it was because it was still wet and would clear after drying out . Instead , it left a white residue and would n't come off with water , other interior cleaners , and later resorting to Goof Off . When I used Goof Off , it ended up spreading the residue and made it worse.I initially called Turtle Wax to ask about the situation and the customer service person just took my information down and asked for me to submit a claims form . It appeared that this is a known issue with them . After following their instructions of sending the product and proof with pictures , I was told that the product meets their specifications . What a bunch of BS ! I would have been very happy if they told me how to remove their product safely , but now I am stuck with a ruined interior.Anyways , here 's my story that I wanted to share with everyone . I 've used other Turtle Wax before , but this is a product that I hope other people wo n't use on their precious vehicles .
 This product came with one piece erroneous one of the half bushing does n't the correct and i saving money to purchase another kit only for one piece of that . I hope that you will check these products before sending to anyone else
 I ordered this charger thinking that with the Schumacher name it would last another 25 years like my old Schumacher charger . Nope . It charged one battery then died . I initiated a return with Amazon and got it replaced . Well the replacement charger would not even come on when I got it ! Now I am sending 2 of these chargers back to Amazon and will look at another brand for my replacement charger . Wow how quality has changed when the items are made in Mexico instead of the USA where my old one was made . Says a lot about the shape of the country and the world in general .
 I love the look of the license plate holder , but it is too mall to hold the license plate . The plate stuck over the side walls of the holder and made it difficult to attach to the car .
 These temp gauges are garbage . I have personally owned four of them and all four eventually quit working . The hose is very sensitive to external factors such as TEMPERATURE of all things , as well as bending and just general low quality . One time the probe actually broke off and was floating in the intake.Do not waste your time , you are FAR better off with the electric version !
 the size is small - there is no way I it will fit on my car .
 i thought it should made by steal but it made by plastic with a sticker on that . not a good product , just dont buy it
 This is a so not funny bumper sticker that makes light of violence , drive by shootings , and needless road rage . It may even attract the bearer of this sticker unwanted attention of the wrong sort . The implications of this bumper sticker are anathema to anyone who is against violence in any sort of form . Avoid slapping this one on your bumper , unless you are a total meathead .
 I Have a Yamaha Cruiser . I ordered wind deflectors for the Yamaha . I recieved Wind deflectors for a Suzuki . Could not make them fit-cant return them -- BUYER BEWARE ! I AM OUT $ 94.00 !!!
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I try to use this brush my brand new black truck after a year I found out these screech marks comes from this brush this brush has harder sticks in it make the paint scratch I do n't recommend this for new cars , I thought this brush wo n't create swirl marks now I am using this brush my wheels it is good for wheels .
 Amazon says that these valve stem seals will fit on a 1993 Dodge Stealth ES DOHC . Note
 This is a so not funny bumper sticker that makes light of violence , drive by shootings , and needless road rage . It may even attract the bearer of this sticker unwanted attention of the wrong sort . The implications of this bumper sticker are anathema to anyone who is against violence in any sort of form . Avoid slapping this one on your bumper , unless you are a total meathead .
 First off , let me say that Amazon gets 5 stars for customer service . No complaints there.This wiper motor is indicative of what I and many other mechanics -LRB- I used to be an ASE Master Tech -RRB- have seen occur in the reman parts industry . This motor was junk right out of the box . As I pulled the motor out , I could see that the black paint was already flaking off . This indicates that the components are not cleaned before painting . `` Rattle can rebuilds '' like this are not a sure sign of inferior quality , but they 're not good , either.I removed the original motor from the car and installed the replacement Cardone unit . Turned the wipers on and ... nothing . Intermittent and Low speeds did not work . The motor worked only on High speed , and it did not return to the Park position when the wiper switch was turned off . I disconnected the new motor and plugged the old one back in . The original motor worked on all speeds and properly returned to the Park position when the switch was turned off . Yes , the old motor still works -LRB- somewhat -RRB- -- it was being replaced because the gears are partially stripped and the wipers stall under load.Long story short , someone zigged when they should have zagged on this one . Unfortunately , Cardone pretty much owns a large chunk of the reman parts markets for many makes and models . With little competition , there is less incentive to create a better product . It is annoying , especially since new components are no longer available for older cars . Yes , I 've bought Cardone remans in the past with good results , but I 've also had duds right out of the box . Cardone is not unique -- Dorman , Four Seasons , and a couple of other remanufacturers can be just as bad . Amazon made the return process mostly painless , but I still have to find a good motor somewhere . Wish me luck .
 Bought the Eurotone versions -LRB- Black/Beige -RRB- 3 years ago . $ 60 for a flat strip of leather with some heavy duty black thread and needle seemed like a lot . The only ` custom ' feature is the length , the width is constant even if your wheel has thicker areas . It takes awhile to install ... took me about 2 hours and my fingers were not happy , I used gloves -LRB- must do -RRB- but it takes a good amount of force and after an hour your fingers start cramping . You need to be careful to keep a constant tension for an even look.When done it looks good , around the spokes is the only problem area . The color was not a good match with the leather in my BMW 328 . I liked the tactile feel and since I have large hands I also liked the increase in wheel diameter.My main complaint is the longevity . Under two years later -LRB- < 20,000 mi -RRB- the colored finish on the leather began to rub off at 10 & 2 my normal driving position . Pretty quickly I had hand sized raw leather spots with smaller blemishes in other areas . I followed the care instructions exactly . When I contacted customer service , the lady was polite and pleasant , but basically said `` Thats too bad . We have more issues with the colored leather than the black '' -LRB- my problem areas are in the beige color . I asked if there was any recourse , even a discounted rate on an all black cover but they would offer nothing . The cover now looks ratty and tattered.Summary : Price 1 starInstallation 4 starsAppearance 8 starsLongevity 2 starsCustomer Service 2 stars
 I purchased a set of floor mats from Coverking -LRB- thru a reseller -RRB- for a Mercedes Benz 350SDL . When I received my product it appeared the product was for a Mercedes 350SD . Compared to the original floor mats , Coverkings front floor mats were ill cut and the rear mats were 5 '' short . I contacted the reseller who tried to contact Coverking various times , by phone and email , without success to remedy the situation . The reseller refunded my money in the end and apologized for the unfortunate experience , which was beyond their control . Coverking 's website indicates the product is for the 350 SDL which it clearly is not . I will not buy another Coverking product after this experience .
 The mats shown in the ad vs the mats I received are not the same . As I indicated in an earlier review the mats shown have eyelets for securing to the floor of the vehicle . My car 2010 Cadillac DTS has the catches in the floor for the mats with the eyelets . The mats I received do not have that feature . They tend to move and not be stationary .
 I will never purchase another product from either Amazon or AUTOWAY Parts . Wrong part shipped , return was not handled properly and took two plus weeks to recieve the FedEX label to return . I am about to call AMEX to dispute this charge , because no credit has ever been issued to my card . AUTOPARTS Way claims the credit comes from Amazon , and they have no idea.I have invested several hours oftime and finally purchased one from the local Ford Dealer for less money.Go Figure ,
 A Big Disappointment ! Do not waste your time and money ordering from this company . Irresponsible in getting returns processed correctly . Four months later I am finally getting a refund .
 It fits nicely over the bike and packs tightly into my backpack . However it has rips in multiple places already , and I have only had it for a month . Also the bottom melted to my header pipes but I guess that was my fault .
 I received the cover last week and used it a total of THREE times before I noticed a 5-inch hole along the seam.I do n't know if it came damaged or it happened on its own.I did n't pull at the cover or anything since the covers big for my bike there was no need to.It stayed true to being waterproof -LRB- withheld through heavy fog/light drizzle -RRB- , but I ca n't believe it ripped already !!
 It fits nicely over the bike and packs tightly into my backpack . However it has rips in multiple places already , and I have only had it for a month . Also the bottom melted to my header pipes but I guess that was my fault .
 I received the cover last week and used it a total of THREE times before I noticed a 5-inch hole along the seam.I do n't know if it came damaged or it happened on its own.I did n't pull at the cover or anything since the covers big for my bike there was no need to.It stayed true to being waterproof -LRB- withheld through heavy fog/light drizzle -RRB- , but I ca n't believe it ripped already !!
 odometer works but , speedometer part does n't cheap quality poorly made.will not purchase products from this manufacturer again .
 I bought this tach and the matching speedometer and the speedo is lit with regular indocent bulbs and the tach has built in led lights so when you turn on the dash lights you have two different gauges one with yellow ish lighting and one very white looks like crap called equus and was told o well pretty much so i would not buy again spend the money on autometerEquus sucks
 I bought these gauges to put in my 71 Chevelle , i get done installing them and for some reason one of the gauges is lit with an LED and the rest are lit with a bulb . I bought every gauge -LRB- oil pressure , engine temp , tach , speedo , fuel level , battery -RRB- and the LED obviously stuck out like a sore thumb . I called Equus and their response word for word was , `` oh , engineering must have dropped the ball '' i am not kidding . Unbelievable . I would highly recommend not ever buying guages from a company like that .
 oil pressure guage pegged out when I knew I only had 50 lbs pressure , and the water temp didnt move until the engine was at the overheating temp.then it also pegged out .
 Back when the coast guard in Canada and the USA allowed these to fill in as a floatation device , they were used by the hundreds of thousands and were made with real closed cell foam inside . Now that they are only legal as a class IV throwable many people must have stopped buying them just to sit on and the ` make it cheaper ' line of thinking has caused a major change in the way they are made . Now you can get them for less because instead of using real durable foam , they substitute about 15 sheets of 1/8 inch thick white packing foam and a few thick plastic stiffener sheets instead . This is fine for use as a never used emergency throw but it does not work to sit on . In one month of daily use the foam crushes down from over 2 inches thick to less than 1/2 inch and worst of all the sheets scoot around , curl up and the cushion is uncomfortable even before it is trash.There are still a few quality type IV cushions out there like the Stearns brand which still have the real closed cell foam in a cloth cover and even commercial quality for fire departments and such which are made by Jim-Buoy and you will only need to buy them once ... for life . They cost on average about $ 35 to $ 40 retail and are available online so if you plan to use it to sit on instead of stowed as an emergency throw , then spend the extra money and do n't buy the cheaper quality product !
 The item that I ordered which was described as a blue CANVAS boat cushion turned out to be a blue NYLON boat cushion that I could have purchased at Wal-Mart for $ 7.00 . After payin shipping I paid over $ 16.00 for the same thing . This is a boat cushion that I have been looking for and have been unable to find and I thought that I had found it here . I thought that after reading the description that I would get what was decribed ... Not soTherefore I am Not happy with this service and will not use it again .
 This cushion seems cheaply made . The innards consist of individual 1/8 '' foam sheets , which result in the cushion lacking any substantive structure . Technically , it qualifies as a Type IV PFD . However , I only plan to use it as a last resort in emergencies . Does n't look like it would hold up well as a seat cushion though .
 Comes in a Delco Box but is n't the same quality as the one from my local chevy dealer.The local dealer 's cable has better swaged connectors a heavier cable and stainless spring.This Made in China version is not even comparable , do n't expect it to last 100k like the Local OEM version.I have ordered many good quality Delco parts from Amazon , but this is not one of them .
 This is a relatively low quality product made from what appears to be a good material but there is no overlapping where the material is stitched together so I expect it to pull apart before the fabric itself fails . The mirror pockets are cut 2 '' too short so the mirrors have to be folded back against the car to be able to put the cover on without a lot of stretching of the material and the seams where the mirror pockets attach to the made body of the cover.This is the 4th car cover I have bought in recent years and though not the least expensive it is the mostly cheaply made . The quality of the sewing and the seams is not as good as on cheap $ 60 car covers . When it fails in a year or two I definitely will not be buying a Coverking car cover to replace it.For the price it is a poor value car cover .
 Pump came snail mail took over a week when parts from other suppliers took half the time . The connector plug was damaged and since the car to be repaired was completely apart before I discovered it . I was forced to splice the plug from the old pump in order to complete the repair . I would have gladly paid for more efficient service had I known about the delay . Which is why I did n't want to attempt any return or exchange process.I did E-mail AC-Direct about the situation and received no response at all . That was disappointing to me.I purposly waited to write a review so that I would be able to share how they handled it . After the splice work the pump seems to be functioning fine .
 I got this ball mount for use on a Class II receiver hitch . It looks like it is the right size , but the shaft is slightly too big to fit in the Class II receiver . Had to send it back . I bought a Reese ball mount and it fit right in . So , it was n't my hitch receiver .
 It should publish more information about the product , dimensions , weight . It is necessary to know as accessories associated with this safety pin.Pedro Pazo
 Unfortunately the unit did not cool from the first time used . Then we found that the cable was dangerously hot . It was unplugged and sent back after this was discovered . Amazon 's customer service was first class .
 Purchased this unit for a road trip of appropx . 5-6 days cross country . the unit did fine the first 2 days and then completely quit working ! I fully plan to return it as soon as possible . I would not suggest this unit to anyone !!
 I purchased this Item and loved it but it quit working on one of the warmest days of the year . . That was very disapointing I am not sure what the warranty is but buyer be sure you find out and save your sales Recipt . .
 This is only good if you are going to be driving for a long time . It takes up to an half hour to cool down . You have to have your items cold before they go in , because this will not cool them down . It is more like an ice chest without the ice , not a fridge . If you are going to use for like a lunch box , buy the plug in so you can get it cold before you take in the car for work .
 not very good for australia the power adaptor is not 240v is needed for pre cooling have tried to get a 240v one
 I purchased this item to ensure I would be able to take freshly cooked and carved turkey to my sister 's house on Thanksgiving that would still be warm when I got there . It ended up working okay . However , the manufacturer clearly has some quality control issues with this particular item.I actually read a lot of customer reviews before buying the product . Since there was a mixed bag of comments -LRB- some good , some bad -RRB- , I decided to take a chance on one , largely becuase Thanksgiving was rapidly approaching.I experienced a problem with the product that was reported by many other reviewers . The wiring to the hot/cold switch was reversed . When I set it to cold , it started warming the interior of the unit , and vice versa.I removed the cover to see if it would be an easy fix to swap the wires . Since everything was soldered and I am not an electronics guy , I decided to leave it alone . Instead , I put the cover back on and put new labels on the machine showing which way to flip the switch for hot or cold . It seems to work okay . It should be embarrassing to the company , though , that their Quality Control group did not catch this fairly widely reported problem.Other things that gave me my first hints that I might have problems right after I took the unit out of the box include :1 . The company logo was placed on the device extremely cockeyed . I mean really , is that how they want their logo publicly displayed ? 2 . The Hot/Cold sticker was not placed on professionally , meaning it had wrinkles that do n't bode well for projecting a professional image for the manufacturer .3 . When I plugged in the machine , the Hot/Cold indicator light did not come on and still does n't . All of these things are seemingly minor and arguably nit-picky , since the machine does technically work and warm or cool my food . However , collectively they are likely to be remembered and taken into consideration the next time I make a purchase of a product offered by this manufacturer and its competitors.Would I recommend this item ? No .
 I had one of these years ago and it lasted a long time and i loved it . but this one only lasted a couple of weeks .
 I purchased this because we had bought a simular , but larger one for those trips to the grocery store and want to keep the cold items cold , or frozen items frozen . I am disapointed that this smaller unit does n't have the performance the larger one did . My vehicle has air conditioning , so the ambient air remains about 75ish most of the time in the cab of the truck . I 've taken to putting a frozen bottle of water into this unit to keep it cold .
 Husband & I were getting ready to leave on 45th Wedding Anny Trip . Decided to order electric cooler to use so we did n't have to mess with getting ice . Plugged it in to cool down before putting anything in it . Checked it later on and for some reason it was getting hot rather than cool . . was set on cool . Cord got hot too . Had to leave at home and used ice in regular cooler . Now WE have to send it to the manufacturer . Guess we should have bought locally . . easier to get refund or replaced instead of Amazon .
 I used this only a few times for a couple of hours each . The power cord failed after one week . As it turns out , the connector on the power cable that plugs into the device had a little piece fall out . Wagon evidently does not have replacable cords nor do they have standard connectors . Why a company would not have a simple replaceable part for their products such as a power cord is beyond my understanding . I browsed the Internet for hours for a replacement , went to various auto part stores , Radio Shack , other electronic stores to try to fix the darned thing but no one had a match.The lesson I have learned is read the Amazon reviews and do n't gamble my money.I have had a Black and Decker model that lasted for nearly 5 years and oh how I miss the reliablity and availability of that one .
 I read the reviews and hoped I 'd be lucky . It sounded perfect for my trip . It arrived , I plugged it in , and it ran . I left it for 15 min just to be sure . It was cool inside , and I could hear the motor humming quietly . I figured I was one of the lucky ones.Two days later I was ready for my trip . Loaded my snacks into it , carried it to the car , hooked it up and started it up according to the directions , and nothing . No light , no hum , nothing.Tried the other plug in the car , and still nothing . Took it back in the house and used the adapter to plug it back in and still nothing . Tried the paper shredder in the same outlet and it worked fine . Phone charger works fine in the car outlet , so it is just this unreliable product . I 'll be returning for a refund . No interest in seeing how long till a second one quits.I wish we could sort these reviews by date . I suspect something has changed and they are now making an unreliable product that can give out at anytime with no warning . At least I had n't left the house . Then the snacks would have gone bad unless I bought ice .
 The power cord has failed within 3 months of purchase w / only occasional use . There is apparently no warranty at Wagan 's website . Just a `` tech support '' email input screen . I do n't know that I would purchase this item now knowing the warranty support is virtually non-existent . I guess we 'll see how that works out .
 The unit has everything I need except the main thing which was heat . I bought one and tried it for a week . It never got past 85 degrees . I returned it and got another one but I had the same problem . I never tried to use it to keep something cold . I left it on for hours , then the whole weekend with nothing changing . If it worked properly , it would have saved me money since I 'm a truck driver .
 I purchased this product in Dec of 2008 and have used it sparsly over the last 6 months . The power cord heated up and failed plus the heat/cool switch did not stay in tack . I would not reconmend this product at all .
 Worked great for two months . Stopped working . Amazon will not take it back without origional box and reciept . Do n't buy this product .
 I purchased this product to keep items warm while working at job sites . The power cord failed after 4 months of operation . I found that taping it down at the cooler end worked , but after three weeks the cord completely failed at the cooler end . The cooler only sat in my car and was n't moved much . Other then being defective , i 'm not sure what caused the cord to fail .
 HAVE SEEN THESE ALOT , TRUSTING AMAZON I ORDERED TWO SETS . FINALLY GOT A CHANCE TO PUT THEM ON . LO AND BEHOLD THE NEXT DAY MY TIRE WAS FLAT . WENT TO A TIRE SHOP WHO TESTED THE TIRE AND FOUND NOTHING WRONG . THAT IS UNTIL THEY PUT THE CAP BACK ON . TURNS OUT THE FANCY CAP WAS CAUSING THE TIRE TO LEAK , SO BACK TO THE UGLY CAPS .
 Seriously , these actually let air out of tires . do not buy them ! I just took my car in for having a flat and this is what 's been making them slowly leak air !
 The caps I received do not have the 2 colors as stated in the picture , they only have green . Instructions state that when the green is extended 100 % you are supposed are within 1 psi of your target , and when they are only halfway they are within 5-8psi . However within the last week I noticed that 3 of my tires looked low . All the caps showed green the entire way out -LRB- meaning they were safe at 32psi -RRB- , however when I measured they were 18psi , 21psi , and 24psi respectively . THAT IS N'T EVEN CLOSE , and EXTREMELY DANGEROUS . I was complacent with checking my air pressure because I figured these worked as stated , which makes it even more dangerous thinking everything is fine , when they were only just above 50 % recommended inflation .
 This is snake oil , it does not work . I placed these on my car tires and I did not check my tire pressure with an air gauge because they were always on green . When i brought my car to BJs for tire maintenance . They told me I needed new tires and they would not honor my warranty because my tires were underinflated by as much as 12 psi . Two months later I checked the air in my tires and discovered two of my tires were underinflated by 10 psi all the time these monitors were in the green zone indicating a psi of 32 .
 Seems like a decent quality cover for the price . However , I rate two stars because Nelson-Rigg and Amazon are so unhelpful about selecting the correct size . Even the Nelson-Rigg web site is so unhelpful , lacking ANY dimension information , that I have to think was intend to mislead you in order to sell a second cover that is large enough . As someone else noted , if you get a cover that is too small , you can send it back for exchange , but only if the package has n't been opened . That means , you ca n't really send it back because unless you open the package , and you ca n't know if it is the right size until you open the package.I did my best , and ended up with one cover that is way too small , and one cover that is barely large enough . I ended up ordering one more cover of XXL size for my Harley Sportster , and it fits pretty well , but that is n't the largest bike made . The XL cover that I originally ordered for the Sportster , I now use on my wife 's Honda PCX 125 scooter , and it is n't overly large . The Medium size cover that I originally ordered for the scooter is worthlessly small.My suggestion is to go to a local dealer that will let you test fit a cover . If you want to mail order a cover , select what you think is the correct size , and then order two sizes larger . Unless you are worried that strong winds might tear an over-large cover , it is far better to have a too-large cover than a too-small cover . A too-small cover stresses seams constantly , and makes for difficult install and remove with every use .
 not big enough to cover my bike , it , s said it was a large howevere it did not cover my road king , even with the rear luggage rack off
 Nelson-Rigg calls this an all-season cover , however it has completely faded after two months . When I called them to get a replacement thanks to their two year `` No Hassle '' guarantee , boy did I get hassled ! They said that although it had UV protection , the sun will fade it . My question , `` Why do they even bother mentioning UV protection if it is going to fade after a couple of months . When I asked for a replacement , they refused and said the warranty only covers loose stitching . BUYER BEWARE . Be prepared for a hassle if you need to exchange the cover ...
 I bought this cover expecting it to be waterproof . The name does suggest that -LRB- Deluxe ALL Season -RRB- . Hmmm maybe if the weather is sunny and no rain . Fits well but definitely NOT waterproof !!!
 It 's much smaller than what they say and very cheaply made.I would n't buy here again save your money buy better .
 It repels the weather great but it tears and the heat resistant part melted in spots on my muffeler . Still usable but disappointing looking
 Here is the problem , I ordered their advertised All-Season Motorcycle cover for -LRB- $ 38.58 -RRB- and it was delivered to my house , but did n't fit my bike , it was delivered in a plastic covering , which I had to open to put on bike , which did n't fit . It cost me $ 11.29 dollars to ship/return it back for an exchange of a larger size -LRB- XL or XXL -RRB- , and was only refunded 50 % of my order , their answer was that the plastic covering was removed , so they could only refund me 50 % ... Well of course it was , how am I supposed to see if it fits , which it did not . . so now that I 've invested $ 31.24 dollars , but still have no Motorcycle cover . I 've invested almost the entire cost of this product and i have no product ... . After several emails , they deliberately stated that there is nothing they can do , not even provide an exchange of a larger size ... I 'm personally disgusted !
 Was an ok cover for about 60 days . Now it has 3 tears in it.I got the extra large and that was the perfect size for my 87 inch bike 86 BMW r80 without panniers but I could have gotten a the next size up for sure . It did n't melt on my exhaust pipes which was nice . you really can put it on right after you stop your bike but its not water proof that 's for sure . It seamed like it would be when I first got it but water does n't bead off like it should and your bike will still be wet underneath . The 3 tears I now have are directly on the seat and around the left side silver area . I did n't misuse it or mistreat it . I just put it on and took it off . The areas where it tore are n't in areas where it would catch or get caught on anything so I 'm guessing just cheap material.It make a good dust jacket if you 're parking your bike in a garage but for outdoor use ... NO save your money .
 When I took the cover out of the box/bag , I thought `` Wow this is a pretty nice looking cover . Double layered , has grommets for tying off , and it fit the bike nicely . How fortunate that I got it on the bike before it started to rain . It stopped raining and I wanted to do some work on the bike . Low and behold IT AI N'T WATER PROOF ! Not at all pleased at that . Back to the tarp ...
 I previously had the Nelson-Rigg and it was a lot better quality . Perhaps it was the Falcon an not the deluxe . In any case , this seemed like cheap plastic to me and the fit was a bit tight.I had purchased the XL for a Boulevard C50 with windshield -LRB- the smaller one -RRB- and saddlebags and it was a really tight fit.I returned it -LRB- thanks Amazon -RRB- and purchased the Falcon 2000 in the XXL . Hopefully that works better .
 After reading the reviews I thought this would be a decent cover , unfortunately I was wrong . The cover is very light and cheap feeling I left it on my bike for 3 days and it did rain lightly one of the days and some water did get in , but it is just a &#34; water resistant &#34; cover so I cant complain . I will still use this cover as an emergency type thing and keep it in my saddle bag .
 Length :
 This tool is poorly designed . It takes two hands to operate it as it is intended . And still , you will pinch your hands/fingers more often than not when the clamp slips off the weight . I had to re-tool the clamp tongs to help them grasp the weights at all . It 's awkward to hammer weights b/c the handles do n't close together.Overall disappointment . The cost was low so I 'll try to reshape the handles to help with the tool 's usefulness.Would not recommend these unless you are able to fashion them to suit your needs .
 Wrench is not designed correctly . Does not get a good grip on standard size filters . Made of durable quality but had to bend strap to get any use out of it at all .
 I purchased the OEM/Heavy duty oil and gas filter to remove a stuck oil filter from my Mazda Miata after having the product recommended to me by one of the employees at my local AutoZone . Upon returning home with the product eager to finish with my oil change I was soon dissappointed to discover that it was all but impossible to make the wrench grip the filter . When I finally managed to get a grip on the filter , the wrench simply flexed from the smallest amount of torque . Dejected , I returned to AutoZone seeking a refund on my purchase only to be informed that one of the spot welds had broken , causing the wrench to bend and that I could n't get a refund ! Contacted the manufacture about the problem and have n't heard back from them since . Do yourself a favor and spend the money you would waste on these for some adjustable filter pliers . I picked up a cheap set from Harbor Freight after my failure with this wrnech and had the stuck filter loose within 3 seconds !
 Tool would not grip which is what it is supposed to do . It 's cheap . You get what you pay for .
 These are pretty thin - I was surprized when I picked up the box and it was so light , now I know why . And the material is definitely NOT carpet - It 's a non-woven felt-type gray-something - more like fabric and not as heavy as canvas . The teeth are tiny and the mats slip around on the floor with every move your feet make , plus with a slippery applique it 's definitely not worth 24-bucks . I 've gotten better for $ 10 ~ ! ~
 So , they were not the right size , but that was easily delt with , as I have a Kia Spectra with pegs to hold the mats in place . Yes , the decal is a bit slippery when getting into the car - especially if you have wet shoes already . But the most disappointing thing ? These must have been on display in the sun - the decal which is clearly shown as a darker blue or a purple -LRB- the stitching accompanying mine is purple -RRB- and so the colors are severely faded . They could have at least noted this in all honesty then marked the price down . I 'm quite dissatisfied and may stick to only buying steering wheel covers from this brand . -LRB- and not this vendor , which was not Amazon.com -- edited -RRB-
 I purchased these as a gift . The description was vague and when it arrived , I was dissatisfied with the product . There are only the 2 front mats and at that price , all 4 should be included . They were thin and made real cheap . The fairy was like a rub on and looked cheap and I was n't sure how it would hold up from dirty shoes.T hen there was embroidery around it , that was n't even the sane color scheme as the fairy in blue 's and black 's , but in purple and white . I decided that they were n't worth the money and sent them right back .
 we were vaery dissapointed to recieve these floor mats and see the fairy was dressed in blue not purple like on the seat covers we ordered at the same time . did not like the blue color at all .
 Not even close to fitting my vehicle even though Amazon said it would . Lookup the part on the Mann Filter website and cross check before you order .
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 Yes , it is an easy mounting.However even while putting it together the flimsy construction was evident.The whole spinner assembly is light and toy like , and some of the threaded inserts were missing.The light portion of it would be invisible during the day and almost so at night.That made little difference to me , as the wires to the plug one needs to keep in the electrical jack for their hitch were so short that I ca n't imagine them reaching any.This too is cheap plastic.The CIPA one it replaced , which you may have seen in other reviews , will also break from stones or whatever easily , -LRB- average life weeks -RRB- , but is much nicer in all ways -LRB- and includes the lock -RRB- .
 So disappointed ; unbelievably cheap and stupid looking - do n't bother with this product ; looks and feels like a child 's toy
 Seriously cute floormats for a couple months , then the little nubbins and entire backing started coming off making a gross mess right on the carpet . Funny since they are supposed to protect against mess on the carpet !! I do n't know if it varies by climate but if you own these , check them for the first signs of falling apart like this and toss them in the trash early .
 The `` Curious George '' design & the fabric look good but the backing on these mats is pretty flimsy . I 've had them just a few days over 3 months , the nonskid bumps have rubbed off and the backing is torn apart . I 'm not rough on mats or the car , the other mats these were replacing had been used for 2 years and were in good shape -LRB- I have monkey seat covers and wanted matching floor mats -RRB- .
 These mats were pitiful . The top immediately seperated from the backing . The backing has since crumbled . All in just a matter of a couple of months . I wish I had n't bought them .
 i bought this for my car -LSB- Nissan Sentra -RSB- and it was too small for to fit the back seat , only until i got it i found out it was made for Jeep Rangler , this is not such a universal set.I still managed to make it fit by cutting out the ends but some of the back seat is not covered.If you 're buying this for your Jeep i reccomend it because it 's of top quality .
 I guess it is what it is . I live in the northeast . we had a mild winter , this wear bare is trashed after one season.I previously made one from steel at a hardware store which laster longer for a little less money , but more labor intensive . You decide if you got the skills and tools just by some steel .
 These seat cover were very cheap what I though I was looking for . But I was happy at all . The seat covers may it two trips before the drivers side came apart . I sent them back got new ones . Same thing happened again plus the piece that goes through the seat tore so it was like having a loose blanket setting on the seat . The back seat cover was very tight on the seat really surprised it did n't rip getting it on but it has made it through two summers with a 6 and 10 yr old on them . I did n't expect much but still unhappy with the seat covers .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 well , this is suppose to be a miniature bulb to fit the hood light recepticle . they sent me the bulb size for the tailight and turn signals . 100 % wrong .
 The product is probably fine for those that do n't mind the smell of a new rubber mouse pad . -LRB- Yuck -RRB- It 's a smell that takes forever to go away and I can not use it until then . Currently it 's being stored in a hot attic to speed up the offgassing process . I probably should have returned it . The smell is simular to the smell of new tires which make me physically ill.It takes some doing getting it on the steering wheel but it does fit on my Honda.Mary Jo
 I purchased this because I could not locate my trusty fork . Using this the first time , it bent in two different directions - tongs spread apart and the handle bent trying to separate the ball joint . I found the one that I have had more many years , looks almost identical but bore the strain just fine . If you have a really tight ball joint , do n't count on this to handle the stress .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 As a new father , I ordered one package of diapers from various vendors . So , I ordered one unit of this vendor 's `` 3 pack diaber soft cloths . '' While I got two emails advising me that there would be a delay -LRB- which is fine -RRB- , I eventually got a package . What was in teh package was `` 3 Polishing Cloths '' by `` Detailer 's Choice . '' `` These soft cloths are perfect for polishing , waxing , buffing and dusting . '' `` Give Your Car That Professionally Detailed Look . '' NO DIAPERS !!! Perhaps could be used as diapers , but they are not diapers .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I am glad that I also purchased a beefier CV Boot Clamp Plier at the same time . This one just could not handle the CV Boot clamps and bent too easily after about 5 to 5 uses . I can try to return it but is it worth it with shipping costs and how inexpensive it was to purchase ? The next one would bend just as easy!I will probably rebend it and reinforce it by welding metal to it.Just purchase a better one you can depend on and leave this one alone!thanks for reading this review !
 My condenser arrived in pretty poor condition . There were multiple spots of dings and bends on the fins that run between the pipes to increase surface area . As delicate as A/C condenser fins are , the packaging seemed adequate to prevent most damage -LRB- if hilariously too big - but that 's for the packaging review -RRB- . So while some of the dings may have been from shipping , some bends are simply too mangled to have happened during shipping . Now I realize bent fins wo n't affect functionality much -LRB- too many bends and airflow blocks WILL affect cooling -RRB- , but it really calls into question the integrity of the pipes . Were they bent too ? I suppose I wo n't know until I hook it up . Even if they are n't , it certainly reflects poorly on craftsmanship . I 'm very disappointed . Hopefully it at least works .
 It does n't blow much air through , and takes a while to defrost anything . It gets plenty hot and I think if I attach a small computer fan on the intake to blow inward it would be much better . The `` squirrel cage '' blower it has does n't work very well at all , and does n't spin very fast either . There is also no on/off switch , which is very annoying . I 'll report back with instructions on how I end up modifying it . Decent price . Cheap-o mounting bracket that clips to the visor that bends easy .
 Purchased this device and found it of no value . Does not even work to clear the window of light fog so I doubt it will be effective on frost or ice . Barely puts out any heat .
 I dislike getting into a cold car and waiting for the engine to warm up before I can turn on my heater to blow out the cold air . I decided to buy this heater but for some reason I had a feeling I would be disappointed which , I was . This heater does not pump strong heat . You can barely feel the heat that 's emitting from this device . No on or off switch either ... Worse yet is the annoying cable hanging down from your visor to your cigarette lighter.Save your money . Not worth it .
 It turns on when you plug it in , but the heat it releases is a joke . It 's better as a fan .
 I had this for one day actually a few minutes and it blew cold air and a fuse in my car . It could have just been mine , but it served me no purpose .
 This item is a piece of junk . I Used it brand new out of the box on a thirty minute drive in a Mazda Protege , and there was little to no heat coming out of this at all , still , by the end . I had to put it up to my skin just to feel any heat at all . The cigarette lighter itself would have given off the same amount of heat . I have had other plug in Heaters that worked 100 times better than this . Do NOT Buy .
 this is when the famous phrase comes to play '' you get what you pay for '' if you breathe on yourself you might get warmer than this `` heater '' . horrible product !!
 This product is pure junk !!!!! It barely produces enough airflow to move a facial tissue placed on top of it and is absolutely useless for its intended purpose as a heater/defroster . Even placed an inch from the windshield , it was unable to remove even a hint of frost . Do not , I repeat , do not buy this product !
 I wanted a quick way to help center vented defroster defrost drivers side , ads sounded good , I ordered , then I read customer opinions . I have to agree that there is not enough amps to create enough heat to work quickly .
 This heater is simply too small to defog windows or provide much heat . Perhaps alarger unit wouild drain teh battery too much . It does a samll amount of defogging , but not an even noticable amount and only after considerable time .
 First off as a heater this thing has no power . I plug it in and let it run for about half an hour in the morning and my car does n't warm up one bit . As a defroster its uses are limited . in its attended mounting place , the visor , it does n't have the power to make any affect . placed directly on the dashboard it can defrost a small portion of your windshield , but you will still end up scraping you windshield . it does however help keep the windows from refrosting as you are driving . that is of course if you leave it on your dashboard .
 You get what you pay for . This `` heater '' is about the equivalent of placing a candle on your dash .
 another item that says will warm your car , but does not work , blows cold air and does not do as advertised
 It is cheaply made , but I guess for the price , what can you expect . It puts out very little heat . I have it mounted on the right sunvisor , blowing on the left inner windshield . Some morning it will take an extremely long time to clear the windshield so that I can drive safely.Mr . Bob Dangler
 piece of crap just threw my money away . They should not be allowed to sell crap like this that do n't work
 I did not expect much , to be honest , but come on ! I bought this item because the heater is out in my car , and am using it as a stopgap until I can get the car fixed.This item is more properly called
 I purchased these for an event in 2 nights . Just received in the mail and they do n't fit ! I wear a 36 and purchased a 36 -LRB- even though other reviewers said to get a size smaller -RRB- . I ca n't get them on at all ! About to contact their customer service . The tag says 34 but is crossed out with 36 written in . I ordered the size I wanted but did n't get what I ordered.Returning item today . Upset I have to pay return shipping on something I felt was sent to me as an error by the company . I wo n't be purchasing from here again .
 When I saw this steering wheel on this website , I thought that this product is awsome . So , I ordered this product . However , when I got this product in my hand , I was so disappointed . They just sent me the product with differnt colors and prints . The color was not like a tiger . It was like a stupid hog . or some kinds of fruits . And the print was totally differnt.This product was only 9 dollars . However , I am still angry because this company -LRB- Auto Expression -RRB- did not even keep its promise with a customer . I swear they will lose more customers , if they continue to do their business like this .
 I have owned two of these , and I was relatively unimpressed with it . I decided to try one , inspired by the excellent Utili-key . I was not impressed with this product.My initial reaction was
 Having owned a Swiss Tech 8 in one tool for more than a decade , I thought I would pick up another one to put on one of my vehicle 's key rings . Though not the quality of my Leatherman multi-tools , it has worked okay in my ski coat for an occasional binding adjustment or cutting lift ticket wire wickets . When the hinges loosen I just tighten them with a hammer and another flat piece of steel.The original one I have is not made out of stainless steel , but is much more precisely made , i.e. it has actual edges on the pliars , wire cutters , and screw driver bits . The current tool , though stainless , has been polished to the point of being nearly useless . All the different screwdriver tip edges are overly rounded from excessive polishing . The worst tool is the small philips driver , which is n't even properly cut . If you zoom in on the Amazon photo of it you can see the defective tip . -LRB- After noticing how bad the small phillips was on the new tool I looked at the one on my original tool and noticed it was made defectively too . It is so bad that that the only thing I could see to do with it was to use my grinder and turn it into an awl . -RRB- I suspect that Swiss Tech has been using the same casting forms for too many years , because the type cast into my original tool that says ` patent pending ' is unreadable on the current tool . Or , maybe it is because of where this is now being made , which is the point of the title of my review - that there is nothing ` Swiss ' about this tool any longer . The manufacturer 's website says their original tool `` combined genuine Swiss craftsmanship with American innovation '' , but their products are now made in China . Though it is possible to get quality goods from China , these are junk .
 Not the most useful multi-tool since it 's so small but I used it once or twice to tighten up screws or ply things . One of the arms started to loosen up and then one day I noticed it had fallen off my keychain and the whole tool was gone forever . I think the tool has a tendency to work itself loose in your pocket . At first I was impressed by its ingenious design in being able to hang onto a keychain but now I feel a bit cheated and wish I had just got a multi-tool that uses a typical keyring .
 I recently received an 8 in 1 as a gift . it looks really cool however it is lacking in the rigidly area . the screw drivers should have more of a ` click ' when they are opened to keep them from folding in when pushing hard on the screw driver . Also a spring to assist in the opening of the pliers would be great to allow for one handed usage . In conclusion if you are going for something that will pimp out your key chain go for this . however , if you want a quality piece of equipment buy a leatherman or a gerber
 Used the system on my ATV to attach my Kolpin gun boot 6.0 . System looks great but within a day broke apart from the jarring motion of the gun boot.Spoke to Kolpin folks who were great . They are sending a replacement but also said the gun boot is really too large and flimsy to be using with this system .
 These pads squeal non stop . They fade just as bad as stock pads and they cover your wheels in dust after about 100 miles ! Go with a premium set of pads from any parts store and you will be a lot better off and probably save a few bucks .
 Bought the wheel cover , on the chance that it would probably fit . Ok , that 's my fault ... `` fits most '' should have been my clue , I guess.The main problem , however , was that the cover smelled like burnt rubber ! After two days of trying to deal with it , I threw it out , with the trash ...
 This would be a great product that would earn 4-5 stars if it were not for 2 problems . First is the warning in small print on the item 's packaging that states , `` This product contains chemicals , including lead , known ... to cause cancer and/or birth defects or other reproductive harm . Wash hands after handling this product . '' ! How can Amazon sell this item ? Secondly , this thing smells bad . And it 's a strong , bad smell . It fills my garage with it 's stench . I have already contacted Amazon regarding the return of this product . I will avoid items from this company -LRB- auto expressions -RRB- in the future . The only reason I gave two stars instead of one is because despite the above listed failings , I still like how it looks .
 this cover looks great on my car however it was very difficult putting it on . My steering wheel is 15 '' and it says it should fit 14.5 '' -15.5 '' wheels . I was 90 % done putting it on and thought i finally got it but then it ripped . luckily it ripped when the blue plastic part so it still stayed together.Other than that it fits very snug and looks great so ill give it an extra star for it .
 I ordered this item because my steering wheel was cracking from the sun . When it arrived I struggled to put it on and hoped the horrible smell of mechanic-shop-and-sweat would go away . It did n't . I do not recommend this item to anyone who wishes to keep their car smelling decent .
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM FOR A NEW CAR . WEHN I RECIEVED IT THE WARING ON THE LABLE SAID CONTAINS LEAD , WASH HANDS AFTER HANLEING IT . DA , A STEERING WHEEL COVER . AMAZON DROPPED THE BALL ON THIS ONE CONCIDERING IT IS A IN HOUSE ITEM.JERRY A HOOSIER .
 I purchased a Tampa Bay Buccaneers wheel cover for my Jeep Wrangle . The cover was 141/2 '' X 15 '' . I have a stock 2007 Jeep Wrangler . The steering wheel measures 16 '' across . No possible way for it to work . It 's a shame too . I loved it . Maybe ad dimensions on merchandise like this to save customers time and money . I 'm Still a loyal customer but was dissatisfied with this purchas
 This item looks pretty nice on the shelf , but it is the second steering wheel cover that I have purchased that does n't fit -LRB- this one will also be going back -RRB- . I suggest any of you who are thinking of getting this to measure your steering wheel first . This says it fits 14.5 to 15.5 '' diameter , and I ca n't get it more than 2/3 of the way on . It 's not very stretchy , either .
 This product contains lead , wash hands after use.That was the warning attached to the packaging of the wheel cover . I am sure that the amount of lead is so small that it has virtually no health effects , but still , I would rather have a cover that has no lead . I am in contact with the steering wheel every day and I rather have one that I do n't have to worry about.It was also a pain to get on my steering wheel . I had to use a screw driver to get it on and I would have taken it off by now , but I do n't want to have to fight it . I think I will have to cut it off.On a positive note , its temperature does remain pretty constant . I do n't remember thinking it was to hot or to cold .
 This steering wheel cover looks pretty cool -LRB- I got the silver and black one -RRB- , but is smells AWFUL ! And not to mention that it clearly states it can cause cancer and advises you wash your hands after you touch it . Who wants to do that ?? By the way , this will not fit any truck steering wheels , so do n't try it !! If you can stand the smell and it 'll fit your steering wheel , then go for it . As for me , I will be looking in other places for my next car accessories : -RRB-
 So apparently it doesnt fit trucks so dont buy it if your looking to fit it in your truck . It ripped as we were installing it and stretched entirely off the steering wheel within a month . No good
 Returned it due to not fitting my steering wheel though it was supposed to fit according to the car model search . It also had very strong fumes . The blue is also very reflective which was not obvious in the photos .
 Very difficult to get on . Cover ripped while trying to get on . Within recommended measurement that should have fit.Would not recommend to others .
 These mats frayed rather quickly , and discolored - I would go with Vinyl - the vinyl mats I have to replace these are so much easier to clean , and they are not discolored .
 this did n't fit my car . They said it did though ... It shipped ok and arrived on time , but I couldnt use it . So what good is it that it shipped on time ? NONE !!!
 Installation was very easy , but getting the car to run has been quite a problem . I seem to have opened up Pandoras box as I now have an electrical gremlin that I ca n't seem to locate . I put the old points back in last week and still ca n't get the car to fire up . It ran before I started the conversion . I 'm not saying the e-spark unit caused my problem , but if your car runs with the points in it , like mine did for 50 years , why change ? I 'm sorry I bought this unit .
 first of all it was suppose to be a new part not used . housing is all scratched up missing the gasket looks like the seal was replaced and gears cleaned . I feel it was a little deceiving.dont buy ittrust me im mailing it back .
 The description says it takes 30 minutes for installation . But , it took my mechanic 41/2 hours to do it , and he was very frustrated . The mounting bars did not fit the car well , and my mechanic had to work hard to stretch them . Worse , some bolts that come mounted to the mounting bars were crooked , and , after struggling with them for a long time , my mechanic had to break them off and solder new bolts on . The hitch is on my 2005 Mini convertible now . I have n't used the hitch yet , so I ca n't comment on how well it works .
 After more than four hours trying to put it on , I finally decided it did n't fit . It was actually a little bent on one side with no amount of prying or hitting or cussing that could get it where the holes would even come close to putting a bolt through .
 I ordered this for a 2002 Dodge Ram 2500 , but they shipped me the dash mat for the 1500 two different times . After the mistake the second time , they refunded my money . Customer Service was great , they just could n't get me the correct dashmat .
 Not as pictured . This item is for a three seat vehicle , not the two seat pictured .
 This item , Husky Liners 23763 Tan Custom Molded Rear Cargo Liner is mis-marked . i ordered this product only to recieve the third row , back seat floor liner , NOT the rear cargo liner as I requested , and as advertised online . I called Amazon to resolve the situation and requested they send the Rear Cargo liner , not the third-row floor liner . I returned the incorrect liner expecting to get the correct Rear Cargo liner . Today I again received the same third-row floor liner . Very frustrating ! I called Amazaon again and explained the situation . The customer service contact could not give me explaination as to what happened . I requested a full refund . I give up on Amazon !! I am very dissapointed and will not be ordering anything from Amazon in the future !
 When searching for a product to cover from the back seat to the rear of 2003 XLT Eddie Bauer Ford Explorer , this product popped up as an option ... disappointed that it only covered a small portion ... -LRB- Site did not state that it fit behind a third seat that our Explorer did not have . -RRB- Gave to Goodwill .
 I took this converter on two trips to Europe , on the 1st trip it worked fine . On the second trip it did not work at all . I left it in a waste basket in Europe . My advise paid a little more and get a good one . That what I did when I got home .
 Bought this for our monaco windsor . Really thought the description would fit our needs . Unfortunately it is not extra long at all ! . On the positive side the front zippers are great to adjust to the mirrors to prevent tearing . Would have been happier if it fit flush with the cargo drawers . It is about 1 foot short on both sides :-LRB- .
 i never got the item yet they still charged me . i was told by email to call them but got the run around when no one would answer . I wouldnt recommend this item due to them having poor service and i didnt even get my item .
 Ordered this part for my '93 Corolla with power steering . Upon removal of the original part and comparing to the new , the inner boot opening did not match . I 'm not sure if the new part was for a different car or maybe depended on where it was made USA or Japan .
 Selected the vehicle and recieved the bellows but it is too small and now I have to send back or eat it . I do not think I made a mistake selecting the modle car . Beck Arnley 103-2206 steering rack boot
 I got this tonneau cover and had high hopes due to the many positive reviews . I do n't know how someone could be happy with this cover unless they just use it to look pretty and haul grocery . If you need to haul something big and have to constantly open the cover , then do n't get this cover . I wish I spend about $ 350 and get something more useful from amazon . Now , I 'm selling this thing for $ 100 on craigslist just to get rid of it.Pro :1 -RRB- This tonneau cover was easy to install and the works well if you just want something to keep the bed dry and save some MPG .2 -RRB- It seals pretty good . I do n't see a drop of rain of snow.Con :1 -RRB- The cover is too stiff to row back due to the seal n peel . You 're going to need two people to get the cover nicely rolled up . Just imagine what you 're going to do when it 's extremly cold and you need to work with this cover .2 -RRB- The rear bar over the tailgate wo n't come off because it 's firmly held in place . Pretty much need to loosen all side clamps to get the rear tailgate bar off . Example , if you need to haul a Fridge , you ca n't because that rear tailgate bar is in the way . Lund will not provide a solution for this over sight either . If I ca n't think of a solution to this problem , I 'm going to have to sell it at half the cost .
 Will not work on performance tires . Impossible to push into tire . I had a can of slime and a tire inflator and thank god I had that because the tire held air until I reach the tire repair shop . Your best bet is slime and an inflator and scratch the the Dynaplug kit .
 I carried the Dynaplug around in my car for 2 years before I needed to use it.When I got a flat today and I was attempting to push the plug into the hole inthe tire , the metal stem on the tool just folded over and bent 90 degrees . Itwas then completely broken and useless . Do not waste your money on thischeaply made trash .
 There is not much to say about this product except JUNK save your money and purchase an old fashion garage type plug kit at Wal-Mart . I had purchased two kits for different cars and broke both . It 's also fun trying to thread the hot and sticky tar type plugs into the handle on the side of the road . Do n't buy it .
 I usually do n't write reviews , but this product let me down . I noticed a nail in one of my sumitomo tires . I wanted to save some time so I bought this kit thinking it would work like a charm . It had gotten great reviews from others so I took the chance . It did work fine for about 1 month , but then the material somehow became porous and my tire started to leak air . Being thats its dangerous to drive on a semi-flat tire I took it to a shop to get it repaired . The shop said that they could not repair it because they did n't know the angle at which the nail went in and suggested that I buy a new tire . Considering the price I had to pay for this , plus the new tire I had to buy ; I lost big time . I could have just gone to a repair shop and paid $ 15 bucks and I would have been better off . $ 14 for this item plus new tire $ 60 = $ 74 versus the 20 for a normal repair . It cost me $ 54 to use this defective item .
 There are a bunch of reviews on here obviously put up by the manufacturer.In terms of getting you to the next gas station the kit probably works fine . The self-vulcanizing strips however are both better and cheaper .
 Unfortunately , the Dynaplug did n't work for me . The tip broke off inside of the tire and the stem , which is suposed to stop up the hole , remained inside of the tool and I could n't get it out . With my purchase plus shipping , it was a total waste . I had to purchase a liquid tire plug , which did work well .
 Tried this device after good reviews . I definitely do NOT recommend to anyone !! Take your tire to a gas station or any reputable mechanic to do a patch job for $ 15-20 . This product is trash . I am a DIYer and it sounds simple enough but it does not work . Ended up using all 3 plugs in the kit and tire still leaked -LRB- a bit slower -RRB- but still leaking tire after using the product . I had a nail which I removed , heard the air rushing out , followed the directions , and lost 2 of 3 plugs in the tire . The 3rd plug did not `` catch '' as described and basically was a piece of `` chewing gum '' stuck over the hole in the tire . At least it was a fairly inexpensive lesson to date and my tires only have about 5-10k left on them .
 I had a simple nail puncture and plugged it with one Dynaplug . It continued a slow leak so put another plug in the hole . It still leaked . I took the tire and wheel to a professional tire store where it was repaired with a patch on the inside of the tire . After a week or more of usage it has retained the tire pressure and now believe it is good . I think the Dynaplug is ok for a temperary fix but is too porous for a no leak long term repair .
 Purchased these tire repair plugs for my motorcycle . Lucky for me I was at home when I first used them.Basically , the sticky plug did not insert into the puncture far enough to prevent air from leaking out when the tire was inflated . The metal point went in after some hard pushing and turning . Seemed that the hole made by the roofing nail was smaller than the tool diameter.I tried 3 times using new plugs and each time following the directions . Finally , I was able to push the third plug in further than the tool had , enough to stop air from leaking.Now going to have the shop put a patch on the inside of the tire because I do not trust the plug.I have had better luck with the plugs you fold in half and center on the tool then insert , twist and pull the tool out , leaving the plug in the tire .
 I bought this about a year ago and had a chance to use it today.Total Failure.The puncture was small , making it difficult to insert the plug . Finally after it just started to go in , the metal tube on the Dynaplug tool buckled and bent over . The tool simply is not strong enough to work unless the leak is large enough . If they had simply used a stronger tube on the tool , it would have been a great tool . As it is , it is worthless , and you can not depend upon a tool that breaks so easily when repairing a typical flat.What a waste . Good thing I had my motorcycle tire plug kit with me , as it worked perfectly due to a better design.Very disappointing .
 I bought these Dynaplugs based on the reviews and thought I would have an easier time with plugging tires due to the sharp tip . Well I was TOTALLY wrong , I could not even get one -LRB- 1 -RRB- of the plugs into the handle in order to attempt a repair , each of the 4 -LRB- very short , skinny -RRB- plugs were limp and could not be inserted . I was really flabergasted ! How can anyone say this worked . I had to end up buying the trusted old repair tools for about $ 10 with 5 plugs that work . I was really surprized at the size of these plugs , they are TINY , they will probably only work on a lawn mower tire of something that small , IF you get it inserted ! NEVER again will I try the Dynaplug .
 cast metal housing with bend tabs broke and spring and switch guts shot everywhere . Contact is high current . but too much pressure on screw and the thing flew apart .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This product was cheap and was fast to ship , but you get what you pay for . Had to send it back because first time on the car , it fell off within a mile from the house . Lucky we wanted to test it first because things just did n't seem to fit quite well and we did n't have any thing attached to the carrier .
 This steering wheel grip was ripped while I tried to install it . I followed the instruction and the size was correct too . It ripped like piece of card board . This item is worthless . This is a piece of junk even if they gave it to me I would trash it immediately . I do n't know why somebody would sell or produce this grip in the first place . Bad Bad product .
 This kit is mostly generic and will not replace the hardware in your Mazda 323 brake drum . I used the shoe retainer pins and the spring steel clips , along with two of the springs . Then I went to the local auto parts store and bought the correct kit and finished the job .
 was not tagged as being for a long water pump in the listing ... I needed a pulley for a short water pump .
 This product costs too much . Brake cleaners in the store sell for around $ 4 . not worth it .
 I bought 2 of the 20W models for a project and was very disappointed . In both units , the wall charger that came with it did not function -LRB- one worked for about 2 minutes before pooping out -RRB- . I used a different charger - I was careful to match the voltage and charge settings . Both units did start charging . After a long 36 hours they finally showed a full charge . When I tried to use them with a 10W device , the power only lasted for about 10 minutes . A real waste . Not that expensive , but I would skip this unit if you have a choice .
 It seemed to work great for one charge cycle and then never would fully recharge and supply power for more than a few seconds . A dismal failure , in my opinion . I would not recommend this or any similar Black & Decker product .
 I bought this item on clearance through a local retailer . A the time I thought I was getting a pretty good deal , but I now realize that it was a reason the store was getting rid of them . I am a college , and I use my mp3 player which has an audio recorder to record class lectures . However , the battery does n't last very long and I was excited by the prospect of having an extended power supply.My excitement ended with my first attempt to use the product . I charged the unit upon purchasing it a couple weeks before classes started . The evening before my first class I checked the Black & Decker power supply before packing in in my bookbag , and it had no power . I thought that it was n't unreasonable if the charge had dissipated over two weeks and plugged it into the wall and lest it overnight . The next morning I brought it to class with me . Three hours later when my audio recorder died I plugged it into the battery and there was not enough charge to even power the unit up.After a couple more attempts to charge the unit I realized that it was completely incapable of holding any charge for any length of time.I would highly recommend looking elsewhere for portable power .
 It takes too long to charge and does n't hold the charge . I 've read a lot of negative reviews about it but bought it anyways . Should n't .
 Argh , we bought these expecting to get the multi-pack as pictured.Instead we were sent a loose roll from an open package !
 There are multiple problems with this cover . The first problem is that it does n't fit over a fixed car seat -LRB- if your car seat is built into the car and does n't move/fold down it 's `` fixed '' -RRB- . I had some help getting mine on -LRB- my brother just about tore out my seat to do it , ignoring the fact that it was attached -RRB- and with a flathead screwdriver -LRB- or your seatbelt -RRB- you can wedge the cover in enough to keep it on . The headrest covers are a joke and only work with a very specific type -LRB- not mine apparently -RRB- . Overall I do like that this fabric is sturdy enough to spill on it and not worry about leaks but as a bench seatcover it will still leak through because of the openings for the seatbelts . Only worth it if you have really messy friends or kids that sit in the back .
 This cover will not fit on fix rear car seats . The one found in normal sedans .
 Over all , it is very pretty , and the fabric does seem very durable , but it does not fit well at all . It sort of bubbles up around the buckles . I had to have help jury-rigging it to stay on the seat at all . My son has difficulty buckling himself in because the buckles keep sliding in under the fabric.I do n't allow my kids to eat or drink in the car , so I wo n't have to worry about that kind of mess getting past the seat cover . At least this cover should protect against some normal wear and tear . And if you do n't look at it from inside the car , you ca n't tell that it does n't fit . : P
 This cable broke -LRB- the rubber firewall mount part -RRB- after 3 months of daily driver use . Buy the Volvo OEM one and save yourself the pain of having to replace this part .
 didnt hold a chge lasted 30 minutes have had lots a probs with it it should be like cell phone pack you put the battery when you open it this are all 100 % garbage cos they sit on shelfs i would keep if the store or black and decker will reimberce me but odds are they dont so expect to buy a battery if you want to buy this
 With the advertized 4AH battery , I was hoping to power some of my low-mid power -LRB- 15W to 40W -RRB- lights and tools . The B&D worked fine for the first few recharges -LRB- I was able to get 1-2 hours runtime -RRB- but then dropped to 20-30 minutes . I have the same problem with their 20W power supply . I am giving up on NiMH-based batteries and planning to try the Xantrex/Duracell with the Li-ion batteries .
 I purchased the laptop power to go and expected the 9 hours of extended battery life on my laptop . Unfortunately the product is not able to power laptops for that long ... or even close . It will give you an extra half hour of laptop battery life . That 's it . I am returning this product tomorrow . The product works well for smaller electronics like cell phones and ipods but NOT laptops . Do not expect the world from this product .
 I bought this specifically for use with my IBM T42 laptop for long plane trips when my extended battery runs down . As with a similar review on this product , it only provided power for about 30 minutes , if that . I have no desire to keep this item . 30 minutes is not helpful , it advertised 9 hours , I would have been happy with 2 hours .
 Bought one of these from a local store that had a slightly better price . Made the mistake of throwing away the receipt and packaging before I confirmed it worked . Extremely hard to get the `` charge up '' lights to light up - requires extensive jiggling of the cord . The device does not run my laptop at all - works for only a second or two and then shuts off when plugged in .
 i 've been testing it for 1 week and this product is not bringing good results . it just does n't work . it does n't recharge anything . i think i 'll return it if it keep not working!is very big !
 Length :
 This product has been discontinued by Black and Decker for years and the items Amazon is offering do not work . The batteries are too old and will not hold a charge . Mine was DOA and returned but still no refund .
 It appears to charge itself , but it will only charge another device for about 5 minutes before dying . I need to return it . Do not recommend .
 I really enjoyed this battery pack when I first bought it , enough to buy a 2nd one . A year later , neither one holds a charge . Very disappointing .
 This item is clearly malfunctioning . I did not read all the comments , and should have . My 1 star is because this seller should know this is a faulty item . Black & Decker have openly admitted that this item is faulty and they no longer support it . I am currently in talks with Amazon to have this item pulled from the site . Buyer beware !
 I bought this expecting to use it during plane flights to run my computer . When fully charged it would only power the computer for a maximum of 15 minutes . If fully charged the night before and unlugged/packed , it will loose all power/charge by the next morning . I purchased 3 of these all new and all 3 have he same problems . Not as advertised since it fails to even hold a charge for 8 hours and run time when freshly charged is a very small fraction of the long advertised run time . RUN from this product and find something else that actually works as advertised , but avoid this LEMON .
 Purchased 2 of these units for Christmas gifts . Neither unit would either charge or hold a charge for over 5 minutes . Returning both units today .
 I received my new unit , 100W capacity , and after charging it for 3-days , it could not hold a charge . I followed the instructions to contact the company before trying to return it and foul -RSB- nd out that Black & Decker customer support identified it was the batteries with in the unit . They had no spare batteries classifies this product as obsolete and therefore will not pursue supporting it . I am returning it for a refund . WHAT A WASTE of MY TIME !
 The word `` laptop '' in the product description may be deceptive . This unit died when attached to a small laptop . It is able to partially charge an iPod through one of two USB ports , after long periods of time charging itself . A year ago , I purchased a Black & Decker car starting batter pack that also was DOA . Obviously , I 'm avoiding this brand from now on .
 Bought mine at a clearance price of $ 15 and now I know why . The battery does n't last very long . I am only able to pull 60 mins at 90 % power out of it . I was expecting maybe 2 hrs . I 'll probably keep it in the car for emergencys . For $ 15 its worth it . Otherwise , your better off buying a higher capacity laptop battery.Black and decker should have estimated run times on the packaging . Pretty heavy battery to lug around .
 I purchased the Black & Decker 100 watt laptop Power To Go cordless AC/USB power supply to use to exclusivelypower my ipod . I recently went to California on vacation and I wanted to extra run-time power for viewing video 's on my iTouch . I paid fifty dollars for the power supply and discovered that the unit would not run my iTouch for very long . I attempted to recharge the unit several times but each time I got the same results . the power supply will not hold a charge and immediately drops down to zero . i am lucky to get one recharge andperhaps two hours of run time on my iTouch . this unit supposedly designed to run a laptop computer ! I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED with the performance of the product and can not recommend this device . I also notice that the manufacturing date stamped on the device was early 2007 which leads to wonder if the batteries have developed a short chemical memory due to the extended shelve time . I hope this review helps . Save your money and find something that actually works .
 I am a professional wedding DJ , and I purchased this product in order to power my wireless speakers and mixer for outdoor weddings . When it arrived at 3 p.m. on a Tuesday , I immediately plugged it in , as the instructions advised that the item would require a long charge period.The next day , at around 10 a.m. , I unplugged the unit and tried it out on my transmitter . The power supply blinked on for a half a second , then went out . Thinking that it perhaps needed a little more time on the charger , I plugged it back in , whereupon it started over from an empty charge.I called B&D ; and spoke with Duane in their customer service department , who advised me that they had discontinued this product some time ago due to similar problems . If you get one of these faulty units , there is no customer support available from the manufacturer . I 'm currently awaiting a refund through Amazon for this and another faulty product .
 I was looking for a way to recharge my music player and laptop for a flight to and back from Hawaii . I did not realize I was getting something so large and heavy , but I figured it would do the job . Unfortunately , even after 48 hours on charge , the battery remained dead . I gave it two stars mostly out of hope , but partly because the Black and Decker customer service seems to have their act together . Even so , Black and Decker would not help because I bought it through Amazon and it was within the 30 day return window . Amazon would not replace the unit because it is sold by a partner company . So I returned it -LRB- easy process - nice -RRB- . The date code on the unit said 2007 , making me think that I was delivered a 3 year old product and wondering how long these things will last.I am planning on trying again , but am not holding out too much hope that I wo n't again get an old unit that wo n't work or will fail within a year or two .
 Once fully charged -LRB- does take nearly a day -RRB- it will power a portable DVD player for 2 hours . Player and screen rated use of 27W - well below what product manual states the device can handle -LRB- 80 W continuous or 100 W for 5 minutes -RRB- - disappointed in run time . Have not tried my laptop , but do not expect it to work for long , if at all .
 I ordered this earlier this year . I was hoping to use it when I went on a cruise to Alaska . After I got the product I charged the product . Later when I went to use it before going on the cruise it would power anything . I went to charge it again and the meter just just show charging with the progress not improving . The seller attempted to work with Black and Decker but they sold it to another vendor who no longer provides repair support . I ended up after a month getting my money back but in the long run I never got what I needed for my use.Stay away from this product . I might be a repaired product that you might not get your money because they say it is used .
 I own all three B&D the 10W the 16W and 100W - The bigger the shorter the Life - Also missing my Power Supply for the 100W if anyone can tell me the volt and amps on theirs I 'd appreciate it so i can find a replacement . I recelled the 18W with new batteries and its working again for how long who knows . This is a great product Idea just a poor implementation .
 I had great hopes for this unit but I 've had it on a charger for 72 hours and it is n't charged up yet ------ nor do I think it 's going to charge by now .
 I purchased the Black and Decker CPI100B to power my Pioneer Inno portable XM radio and portable Saitek speaker . When connecting both units to a fully charged CPI100B , the unit would cut out after 5 minutes . I then tried to power the portable speaker by itself with a 12W maximum output on the CPI100B and then unit would cut out after 20 minutes . The portable speaker typically lasts 2 + hours on 4AAA batteries so I was hoping for at least double the performance . The only use of this product would be to charge a cell phone or other very small electronic device . I doubt it could even power I can not recommend this product and would advice people to not purchase it and perform research on a similar product .
 wrong gauge , wrong words and or wrong photo?the photo shows white face.looking on equus site the photo here is correct and the words are wrong.way to go amozoned .
 Bought this to help a home made chicken plucker which had a slipping V belt . Sprayed it on , fired up the plucker and dropped in a chicken . The plucker spun , shuddered , pulled off a few feathers , and then stalled , almost as quickly as before . Had to repeat the process too many times before the bird was free of feathers.Perhaps Permatex makes an industrial strength version of their belt dressing that would work . This product does not!Easy John
 I received these replacement mats for Christmas . The carpet is very nice , but the mats are not as pictured and are smaller than the photo without holes to secure them to factory tabs in floorboard . I will be returning these . Cheaper to buy directly from Ford .
 i love how the seatcovers look but after one day the stiching started to tear and run . i wouldnt recommend buying them .
 Had these installed on my 1964 327 engine and so far 3 out of 16 failed have within 200 miles of driving . The pins holding the roller tip in are sliding out . Probably a bad batch , but this is not good . Now I have bits of metal floating around in my new engine :-LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I received the shovel last week and it snowed 3 days later giving me a chance to use right away . I took the shovel out of my trunk , unscrewed the bolt , extended the handle and while tightening the bolt the plastic broke . Ca n't really give a full review of a snow shovel that breaks before it gets into the snow !
 The &#34; turning lock &#34; on the handle does n't hold . Regardless of how well you attempt to tighten it , the handle slides down to its shortest length when you start to shovel . If you want a super-short shovel it might be fine for you , but if you actually want one with a telescoping handle you should keep shopping !
 I paid a premium price for these floor mats , and I am not at all impressed .1 . No hole for the factory anti-skid hook2 . No &#34; spikes &#34; on the bottom to keep them in place3 . Color is totally off4 . fit is just barely close -LRB- ordered custom fit floor mats -RRB- I paid over $ 100 for these floor mats and expected much better . I am totally unimpressed by these extremely expensive floor mats . Take a look at the list above and you can see why . I really feel ripped off . My worn out mats stayed in place when you entered/exited the vehicle , even when you vacuumed . Not these , they do n't even sit flat , let alone fit the floor pans.These are thick floor mats , they appear well made . That 's it . Should you want to put them at your front door I 'm sure you will get compliments . Not in my Eddie Bauer Explorer . Not even close . Live and learn .
 I am looking for a block heater for my Chevrolet pick-up , I was led to this site and this product , Now from what I can see of this thing it does look good , But just what is it ? You do not have a good discretion of it anywhere . I do n't know if it will work on my truck or if it is for a milk tank . Thank you I 'm still looking for a heater for my truck.Don the Woodman
 The floor mats fit well . The driver 's side mat does not have an eyelet for the retention hook mounted to the floor , and that is disappointing as the description says they exist when `` required '' -LRB- and the general photo shows two eyelets -RRB- . The floor mats are a much lighter gray than the gray interior of the pickup . But the mats are thick and should last a long time.Edit 11/16/2012
 Amazon said it would fit , Lund said it would fit . It did n't fit . I have a 2003 Supercrew and it was a foot too long . -LRB- Yes I know there are 6.5 foot beds , but I do n't have that ... I have a 5.5 ... again , Amazon said it would fit . -RRB- Even if it were a foot shorter , it did n't accomodate for the curvature of the bed . Crappy design crappy product . If you do n't want to make one for this truck , that 's fine , but do n't advertise it as fitting if it does n't .
 Very low quality chair . Had to buy different bolts to complete assembly . The ones that came with it where not long enough.I would avoid this product . The chair legs are not all the same size . I did not want a rocking stool . but thats what i got
 The stool is reasonably nice considering the price , but two of the legs were too short and caused the stool to wobble . I had to shorten the longer legs by cutting them to match . Now it sits fine .
 Beware !!! This part does NOT fit a 1978 MG Midget that it is advertised for . My MG was off the road for two weeks while I went back and forth too get the correct part . It is obvious this fits the MGB and NOT the Midget .
 Installed this part on my 1997 Wrangler April 8th , 2011 . It lasted until April 21st before it broke in half . Theres no binding on the HVAC door it controls and the door is controlled by vacuum so nothing is forcing it to break . It was a very difficult installation and now I have to do it again along with finding another part that will last more than 2 weeks . The OEM part lasted over 14 years ! Over 20 dollars down the drain . Very disappointed .
 This is a relatively low quality product made from what appears to be a good material but there is no overlapping where the material is stitched together so I expect it to pull apart before the fabric itself fails . The mirror pockets are cut 2 '' too short so the mirrors have to be folded back against the car to be able to put the cover on without a lot of stretching of the material and the seams where the mirror pockets attach to the made body of the cover.This is the 4th car cover I have bought in recent years and though not the least expensive it is the mostly cheaply made . The quality of the sewing and the seams is not as good as on cheap $ 60 car covers . When it fails in a year or two I definitely will not be buying a Coverking car cover to replace it.For the price it is a poor value car cover .
 This spotlight , excuse me , flashlight was a sore disappointment . Even though it looks nice , it has no significant brightness you would expect for a spotlight device . I have had two other spotlights of similar size that were much brighter . Basically , it is a big clumsy flashlight and not a spotlight ! The Pro-Torx has a 41/4 '' lens and my Fenix TK11Fenix TK11 Q5 LED Flashlight Black Aluminum Bodywith a 7/8 '' lens put out basically the same amount of light in comparing them at night lighting up some soccer goal posts 300 feet away .
 I did n't use this light very much . I did follow the manufacturer 's guidelines to charge the spotlight at least every 3 months . At the end of one year the light would go on brightly for about 15 seconds and then remain on very dimly for about 1 minute before completely dying . I now use a small Techlite . It is so much brighter , more compact and much more versatile . This I can take on walks when it is getting dark .
 I ordered and received two of these spotlights -LRB- Pro-Torx cordless rechargable 1 million CP spotlight -RRB- . Neither one of them would take a charge , so , I sent them back and the money was refunded . The vendor did not offer to send replacements .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I bought this step bar for my F-150 . When I bought it , there was a 5 year warranty on it . It lasted 5 years and 10 months and rusted thru to the point that when I stepped on it to get in my truck , it broke off and fell to the ground . I called Westin customer service and they would not do anything for me on it . I understand that the warranty was up , but I would expect something to last more than 10 months past warranty . I 'll never buy Westin again . Poor quality .
 Not very big slips and slides all over the seat when getting in and outand very little improvement in seat comfort and not that well made you get what you pay for .
 I was very disapointed to see how cheap this looks . It does n't fit my husbands truck seat as it should have .
 DISCRIPTION STATES STRAPS & HOOKS.IT ONLY HAS 1STRAP AROUND BACK.WON ' T STAY IN PLACE.NEEDS AT LEAST 2 MORE STRAPS TO KEEP IN PLACE .
 It 's not a bad product but does n't fit my Highlander as promised . I expected something closer to the picture used in the description ; a tight and custom-like fit. , First , it 's not big enough so it does n't cover the gap between the rear seats and cargo area . The lip did not keep it 's shape during shipping so the edges are warped and curl . On a routine drive with my dogs in the back , it shifts and slide around quite a bit . If my cargo space was slightly smaller , it would probably work .
 I do n't like to give a low rating - however - the product is good ... well made and is easy to install with the 3M double back tape that comes installed on the protectors themselves.My problem
 Do n't buy this if you live someplace it gets really hot in the summer - like 90 or above - Mine melted and fell apart at about 92-94 degrees . One would THINK that such a device might be designed to be able to handle a few reasonable temperature extremes , right ? Well not in this case ! So if your summer temps stay under 92 or so then you might be okay with this one , otherwise , keep looking !
 For the price , I expected more than a half a mile per gallon increase.It will take about five years for this thing to pay for itsself , and I probably wont have my car that long . Maybe it is more effective with other vehicles , or maybe I set the bar too high . -LRB- After all , the Tornado is essentially a small piece of twisted metal . -RRB- In either case , I dont discourage you from giving this product a shot , I just dont endorse the decision .
 1 of 2 people found the following review helpful : does n't really do waht it 's supposed to do ... , July 9 , 2008By agypsy -LRB- New York City -RRB- - See all my reviewsAmazon Verified Purchase -LRB- What 's this ? -RRB- This review is from
 i bought this thinking it would get out some tiny , hairline scratches from my motorcycle 's finish . but it really did n't do anything but clean it . if you want to just clean it really well , then it works good for that but trying to compound tiny scratches ... i 'd buy a different product . or maybe a more aggressive compound ...
 This thermometer is a really clever idea , and looks good . Unfortunately its readings are suspect.I had one of these on a window for a couple of years and occasionally checked the temperature by glancing at it . Recently I noticed that the pointer only moved about 10 degrees over much wider temperature ranges , so I bought a new one.Actually , I bought three of these thermometers because they just `` felt '' like a good idea.Upon arrival , I noticed that they all displayed different temperatures straight out of the shipping box , so I set up a little calibration experiment using a long stem dial thermometer that reads 32.5 F in melting ice . With all four thermometers stuck to the same window and out of the sun , one of the thermometers was 5 degrees high over a five day period , the second one was three degrees low , and the third one was usually within plus or minus 2 degrees of the calibration thermometer.Conclusion
 The thermometer clings nicely to the window but the temps it registers are not accurate .
 I bought 2 of these and put them on the window out of the sun . they both read the same and both were atleast 5 degrees off .
 Spiders spin a web inside the housing and the needle cant move.They get inside via the two water-weep holes.Don ' t buy this product .
 I was really excited about this thermometer . I was going to use it to teach my toddler about how to dress for the weather . Not only did it fall off of his window in less than a day , it does n't even give an accurate temperature . It reads a cool 30 degrees inside my house!Totally bummed
 The mounting works very well - - the thermometer does not . Mine is more than 10 degrees low when it 's cool and about 3 degrees low when it 's warm . Kind of useless .
 Did not stick to window as advertisedFell off after a short time Would not restick to windowDo not understand this arbitrary word minimum
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 This unit worked great for about 6 months and now will only flash '' -888.8 '' I replaced the battery and that did n't help . The small `` manual '' does n't offer any Troubleshooting suggestions and no website or phone number for the manufacture . Made in China . I suggest that prospective buyers buy a better quality IR thermometer ... . one that offers some support if it `` goes south . ''
 The seat covers are nothing like the picture . they are baggy in all dimensions and can not be tightened . even the headrest covers have an extra 1/2 '' play . They are about as attractive as a Russian suit .
 Could not get over 3 PSI and was closer to 1 PSI . Engine would not run over an idle . Called Holley tech line and they concluded the pump was defective . Returned the pump.On the positive side , , , , Amazon did promptly refund the cost and shipping , as well as return shipping.Although the Holley pump was defective , , I am very happy with Amazon and the return action .
 I bought this molding tape thinking that it was going to be stronger than what I 've been purchasing from the store , this tape is not sticky at all . I have a Sirius portable radio/mp3 player that I 've been trying to attach to the side of my console . The player comes with a car kit that has a sticky side that you stick to the console , well that wore out in this Texas heat so I 've been trying to find a strong adhesive that would hold the player in place . My vehicle is garage kept and I do n't keep it outside longer than I have to . All the adhesives work for a few months then comes loose ; this one did n't make it 1 day , I found my player on the floor a few hours later . I 'm going to take my car to a stereo shop and see what my other options are . As far as this tape goes maybe I was sent an old role or it 's just not that good .
 Well I 'm not sure what happened to my roll . . maybe I just got a bad one but this tape was utter crap . I used some to attach a ballast , it came loose within an hour . to test it , I attached a piece of plastic to the wall using it . tapping the plastic would cause it to fall.Would not recommend .
 I used this to reapply the plastic tank decals on my motorcycle , after cleaning with denatured alcohol . The adhesion was OK for about 3 months , then it started coming loose again . Perhaps this tape is OK for larger applications where more of it can be used to hold molding , etc. on vehicles , but not suitable for smaller , more detailed cut applications .
 This filter has different internal workings from the stock Subaru filter . It lacks the internal screen and has more filter medium than the stock filter , resulting in reduced flow . The original filter is intended for the lifetime of the car , but if you must replace it , use an OEM Subaru filter . The car will shift better .
 This regulator was identical to the 804 , still does not regulate the proper pressure . Decided to keep it as a back-up .
 Did not specify that this pump would over heat and leave you stranded . The regulator they send you just restricts the flow at 7psi the pump struggles to pump against itself this combo is a poor excuse for a quick sale and quick buck . Holley has good pumps just need to put together a better more streetable combination this pump with the bp style regulator would be more suited for everyday operation without getting stranded and waiting ten 10-15 minutes while it cools down . I would not recommend this pump combo to anyone unless your legs need a workout from pushing your ride around .
 I bought these side bars particular to what I saw in the photo for my '95 Jeep YJ . What I wanted was bars that fit horizontal the the vehicle , these are not it . When mounted , they start close to the tub in the front and then batwing out towards the rear . Not the look I was expecting and for sure not the look I wanted.Not only does the photo advertise something different , but the instructions have very poor photo descriptions . . you can not see what 's in the diagrams at all . The Amazon description also states that installation `` MAY REQUIRE DRILLING or minor modification to install '' . . HA !! If you have a Jeep YJ rest assured you will be drilling 16 holes into the frame . 16 !! Then the holes need to be thread tapped to take the bolts that came with the kit.On the last YJ I owned I installed the `` Rampage 8625 Black Side Bars . '' -LRB- Amazon sells them , just search them -RRB- . The price is about the same and they mount right to the body mounts . You will have to do a little bit of drilling to make the bracket holes a little bigger for the body mounts to punch thru it but compared to installing the Smittbilt bars the Rampages are a snap ! They are also exactly what you see in the picture and the look I was describing in the beginning of my review . . I 'm sending the Smittybilts back and ordering me another set of Rampages . Im giving this one 1 star . . only because shipping was excellent with Amazon Prime as it always is.I posted a pic to give everyone an idea of what they look like when they are mounted . They are being held up to the exact point were the would be after the install .
 I just bought this to replace a cable that had been on my bike for 1.5 years . Here 's the problem . The cable that failed after 1.5 years is also an identical motion pro cable . The end bead simply pulled off with no warning at the clutch handle.There was no abnormal resistance and the cable was always smooth . I properly lubricated and adjusted the cable . There was just no reason why it should have failed on me . Nor was there any fraying or friction or skritchy feeling to give me warning . I just got to ride home at midnight in a light drizzle without the benefit of a clutch . Considering that motion Pro is typically a third more $ $ $ than generic clutch cables , I would expect a longer life.The nylon lining , and general stiffness of the cable seems to be well made . The cables do move smoothly .
 Thse clamps say they are stainless steel , however only the band was stainless . The Worm gear is made of Iron-steel ! The metal looked funny , so I checked with a magnet . We get similar Ideal-Tridon clamps elsewhere -LRB- for less cost -RRB- , and they definately do not stick to a magnet . Over the years I have already been fooled by this . Kept in a moist or humid enviornment these will rust and eventually fail . Rusty clamps look bad , stain adjacent surfaces , are hard to remove , and may not hold properly . Basically do not know of any reason to recommend these clamps .
 Was nice to receive order quickly , however only three of the four window visors came with the adhesive tape on them !!! A big pain had to go through trouble of getting my own double sided adhesive tape , spending more money ! To make it worse it was the front driverside window that is used the most . !!!!?????? Not Happy !!!
 Harley Davidson Car Truck SUV Hitch Plug Cover Receiver - LED Light w / Bar & Shield Logo misses the mark . My first one burned out in less than 2 months . The replacement also burned out in less than two months also . I requested another replacement , however , I 've yet to receive a reply fro the vender . I purchased a less expensive Ford hitch plug cover -LRB- $ 15.99 -RRB- over two years ago , and it stii works -- GO FIGURE !!!!
 Lasted for one . It was an easy return as it went from box to use to broke in less then 10 minutes . Spend more and get a better quality product .
 Fast shipping , came with all of the clamps and clips shown in the picture along with instructions and grease . However , the descriptions claims that the axle does NOT need to be removed . This is untrue , not only does the axle need to be removed , but the outer CV Joint also has to be removed to slip this boot on ! For the price , I guess this is still a decent buy , but was not pleased to find out that this boot required removal of the axle and joint .2 stars
 All my PCV valves that I purchased so far worked as valves , pass gasses on one side and stop them from the other side . This PCV valve seems to be different , blowing air from both sides of the PCV encounter no resistance .
 My brother and I played with erector sets all our lives and I LOVED them , so when I saw this kit , I got it for my nephew -LRB- trying to get him away from the TV/video games for a while -RRB- and thought he would have a blast with it . He opend the box and asked me to help him , there was NOTHING he could do on this thing ! I ended up doing it all with the help of my husband so he could at least play with it . The ` bendable ' pieces all snapped , the thing was impossible to get together even without the pieces breaking , my hands were sore and bleeding when I was done!This is nothing like the sets me and my brother used to play with ! This should NOT be listed as recomended for 8-12 years , it should be listed as recomended for someone with an extensive engenering degree ! Even then , it 's quite dangerious!Would NOT recomend anyone under 15 recieves this !
 I bought this clock because I loved the size as well as the analog dial . I began having trouble with it after just a month , but I was able to get it running again . Now , it seems to have quit working altogether . This morning , I was late to work , when it completely stopped.It was a good price at the time , but I ca n't afford such an inconsistent product .
 I bought this alarm clock for travel . Unfortuately it goes off 15 to 30 minutes early or late . I 've given up on trying to use it and will throw it away now .
 I purchased the NuBuck Leather Conditioner , but instead received the Leather Cleaner which states `` Not for use on NuBuck '' . Do not buy this item unless you want to waste your time having to immediately do a return .
 Correct product did not arrive -LRB- Conditioner -RRB- , but their Cleaner product did . Paid for the Conditioner , but got the less expensive Cleaner . This is their second mistake in sending the wrong product . First time I kept the Cleaner , but this time I have asked to return it . Could not believe they messed up twice now on a simple order and wonder who actually fills them at the manufacture plant ? I will no longer purchase from them again unless they can take care of the mistakes .
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 Not shipped as shown on photo . No brackets to keep it in place . They want to sell you a floor mat that will roll up under your feet , blocking the pedals and cause you to wreck and die . This company sucks really bad .
 i was n't able to make it work , i did better the job with a wall texturing gun
 this spray gun is junk . the only thing it was good for was blow bubbles
 This is a horrible product . Returned and replaced this gun twice -LRB- hoping i might been getting defects -RRB- . Could not get any of the guns to work . Would not sypher . Waste of money .
 I wanted this for my new Mini Cooper S , 2012 . It gets very hot where I live -- these are essential ! However , it does not fit the 2012 S . There is a large gap at the top of the shade , with additional gaps on both sides . Was hoping to avoid having to buy this from BMW , but too bad for me ...
 This stated it would fit my girlfriend 's misfiring 99 Ford Escort ZX2 Hot Coupe specifically . That is a very different set of wires than I received . It needs a Posi-lock clip lock that goes over the ignition coil terminals , and none of the wires had them , they slipped on and popped right off . It was a great deal , and I trust Amazon -LRB- for over 10 years -RRB- , so I told my girlfriend to wait instead of going to the local auto-parts store ... Extra gas spent later , it was the wrong set of wires , and the worst part is that there 's a generic Autolite photo with multiple different spark plug wire sets shows , so you do n't even know what the actual product looks like til you get it in the mail ... If I saw the actual set of wires I would have known right away ... Just make sure you know exactly what you 're buying -LRB- and exact picture of produce would help -RRB- , even if an inventory person who lists it in the drop-down menus says it 's able to work for your specific car model . Just ca n't trust who was in a rush and wanted to go home that day before they listed it ... Long story longer , it put me out extra days instead of just going down the street to the auto-parts store for a quick fix after seeing the product in person ... So you pay an extra $ 15 , at least it works and my girlfriend does n't yell about the $ 50 of extra gas she 's blowing on the misfires .
 From the color which was n't correct to the hold down grommets that were not there , they just did n't even fit . Save your money and do n't be disappointed like we were
 This is a really good idea that 's flawed in execution . The small 3 way ball valves are not `` full port '' and the tiny holes really restrict the flow from the pump to the water heater and then from the water heater to the rest of the system . You 're better off buying full port 3 way ball valves and making your own .
 No matter wich way i turned the knob it didnt close the opposite side to bypass the hot water heater the knob was defective
 THE BOX WAS RIGHT BUT MOUNTING PLATE AND THE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS WERE FOR A HONDA ??????????? NOW I HAVE TO PAY TO SEND IT BACK !!! THATS BULL S !!!! T
 Recieved this product on time and in good conditon . When purchasing this item Amazon stated it would fit my car a 24V DOHC Taurus . I give it two stars `` I do not like it '' because it is the wrong part and the Amazon parts catalog is wrong . The product is in excellent physical condition but I can not attest to mechanically .
 Yes!That 's the best possible description and ratings for a 40 dollars fake toy!I broke loose my car 's ignition lock , trying to `` program '' non-working device ! every time you need `` programing '' , you must turn your Volvo 's ignition lock 5 times within a 10 seconds , then push the button on this `` clicker '' and so on ! After 20 attempts and hardly working ignition lock , I went to `` advance auto parts '' chain store and tested this particular `` clicker '' . guess what
 It works win it wants to but what do u expect for a few dollars maybe batteries were dead when I got it
 i bought this product and it broke within two months . i changed the battery and still does n't work . I ca n't contact them .
 I purchased a set for my Dakota and was disappointed in the appearance and quality . The mats appear to be manufactured by taking a sheet of thin polyethelyne -LRB- or a similar material -RRB- and stamping out the approximate shape needed to fit the vehicle 's floor . Then the `` raised lip '' is apparently placed around this sheet and fused in place . This process is evidently very sloppy , the effect is almost as if black roofing cement has been brushed over the seams . The machinery or molds that form the sheet also seem to be badly worn and/or dirty ... the liners are spotted with many small bits of debris , and some of the `` diamond plate '' pattern is badly distorted , as if it was damaged by heat during the process of fusing the two pieces together . None of this sloppiness was evident in the photos on the manufacturer 's website or brochure . I worked in a plastics factory years ago and we NEVER would have let anything that looked like this be shipped to a customer .
 I ordered this item from seller confile and from the first time I used it , it would light up a 13 watt light bulb or anything . I dont know if it is just the item it self but it is a non work item for sure if you order from confile from KY. . I was even lucky to get the green light on the device to work . so in the end i did get some money back but I was out $ 17.35 for shipping it back I thought i was shipping to Germany or something it has become costly to ship i should have asked for the money from confile before I shipped it . I just get tiered of dishonest people who pretty much say something works when they really dont work . honesty is the best way to go .
 I bought this 1 month ago and have not put it in my car even right now , smells disgusting , not worth it .
 I bought this 1 month ago and have not put it in my car even right now , smells disgusting , not worth it .
 I bought this 1 month ago and have not put it in my car even right now , smells disgusting , not worth it .
 por los momentos marca bien la presion solo que la tapita del reloj es muy debil y no esta bien sujeta cada rato se sale y ya se partio
 Unfortunately , the wide range of good features is not supported by longevity . Our son in the Peace Corps relies on this device to charge a 12v battery from a solar array , But the charger is failing in less than 5 months . No , it 's not a very humid climate .
 Alas I had to have the product sent to the UK via a friend in the US where I would be able to pick up the product once I got back to the UK at Christmas.Alas with my first view of the product after arriving in the UK yesterday , I 've just discovered the product only works on 110v . I obviously would n't have bought the product if they 'd let me know this.So I 'm left with a product that at the moment is neither use nor ornament . I still need a charger and hope Amazon are able to resolve the issue without the usual ` send back for a partial refund then buy another ' ... this can not be right.If this can be resolved then it justifies 5 stars . At the moment it 's not really any use to me . Hence 1 star
 this little trickle charger might work with a full battery but did not charge a dead battery even after staying on for 4 days.The instructions are extremely ambiguous , probably a machine translation.Why cant it read ; buy this product if you want to do ... ??? it is already in the trash
 I ordered this battery Charger because I garage a car that is driven once a month and I wanted to keep the battery charged . I was able to start the car with this charger however when it was set up as a trickle charger it does not work.This is my second CTEK multi charger . The first one was ordered last year and I just assumed it stopped working now a second one does n't work.I would not recommend this charger as a trickle charger .
 I purchased the CTEK 3300 from Amazon in February of 2010 , thinking that it would be a top-notch charger for my vehicles -LRB- many motorcycles , three cars , an SUV , a boat -RRB- . I 've been sorely disappointed . I just came in from charging two batteries in a diesel pickup truck . Each time , after many hours , the charger indicated that the charge was not complete , yet if I disconnected a lead and reconnected it , the charger immediately showed full-charge and that it had entered float mode.CTEK 's U.S. office was clueless when I called previously to discuss problems like this with the charger , unable to even suggest a test to verify that the charger was operating properly -LRB- such as a DMM voltage reading on a battery that was showing less than full charge -RRB- . The Xtreme Chargers are much better and I own three of them . If the $ 70 - $ 100 price for those puts them out of reach , I recommend the SmartShot 1.5 A by Yuasa . I 'm not a big fan of the Deltran Battery Tender and just gave mine away with a motorcycyle I sold .
 I purchased the battery charger and three battery quick connectors for my snowmobiles and Harley-Davidson motorcycle . It only lasted for a little over 7 months . You have to send it out of the county for warranty . I am not very happy . I will probably look at the Battery Tender Jr for my next purchase .
 I Bought these for my husband for Fathers day . I even chose my truck which was a 2009 Dodge Ram 1500 SLT from the pull down menu and recieved conformation that these would fit . upon getting them the holes did not line up ... i 'm very dissapointed . then when trying to return them i had to choose the option that the iteam '' did not fit already exiting system '' and therefor it looked as if it was not amazons fault and I had to pay the shipping and handeling cost to have it returned !
 It would not start my 28 ' boat battery on a full charge . Would not start my Gator on a 75 % charge . So what 's the point of having it?What prompted me to write this is the fact that there is no call out on the unit as to the correct wall charger to use , ie , Volts and Amps required to charge the unit back up . We all have the annoying problem of matching up the wall charger . There is no way to do this with the Vector system . I can not find any tech support info anywhere on the web , and naturally , they do not bother to label their wall plug -LRB- like most companies -RRB- .
 I purchased this programmer and installed it on my 1993 Ford Probe GT , 2.5 L V6 , 5 speed . All this product does is tap into the mass air flow sensor , and the throttle position sensor . There are many products like this on ebay , that do the same thing and cost a whole lot less . While there are mild , somewhat noticable power gains in the middle gears , between 2nd and 4th gear , it does not seem to have a big effect on takeoff acceleration or any effect on top end performance . Personally , I would not recommend this product as it just does n't deliver the power and performance it promises .
 I bought one of these shifters for my rat rod because it was CHEAP . With cheap comes headaches . Do n't get me wrong , I got it working fine and saved a lot of money ... but not without tweaking a few parts . The instructions are junk ! DO NOT use the provided template to precut the shifter hole in your floorboard ! It was WAY off . Luckily , I 'm a machinist and checked all of the measurements before hand . I have a feeling there are many people out there that did n't think this far ahead , and assumed the dimensions were correct . Now they have a hacked up transmission tunnel.The roll pin they sent was too small and fell right out of the stick . The two brackets that make up the base had to be tweaked so they actually were 90 degrees . Mine were n't at right angles to begin with , so they pinched the stick when you tightened the shifter down to the floor . All of this said though ... if you are accustomed to fabrication - these were very simply fixed . This shifter would be a nightmare for the guy that thinks it will drop right in though . Buy it with this in mind . Good luck in your projects !!
 First off , the build quality seems top notch . The welds are clean , the paint is even and it appears to be very solid . My review below is for the fitment , and I gave it a low rating because it does not fit right over skid plates even though the instructions specifically state it will.I bought this for my Grand Cherokee thinking it was going to be an easy install . I have OE skid plates , and according to Curt , this is no problem since you simply do not use the provided spacers for the furthest rearward hole . I spent 3 hours trying to get this thing to seat correctly on both sides . I finally gave in and went to my friendly mechanic which required myself and 2 mechanics to get it to fit right . It sits too snug over the skid plate and it is impossible not to scratch both it and the hitch considerably during installation . It is a shame because that nice paint job on the hitch looks terrible now and will probably rust soon . Bottom Line is Curt should make a model for skid plates and without.Additionally , the bolts included were the wrong pitch AND one arrived broken so it cost me another $ 9 in hardware.I wrote to Curt and I was told they would have engineering look into it.Update
 I ordered this for my jeep grand cherokee laredo with skid plate the hitch is way too small i returned it and they sent the wrong one again . would n't buy
 Black and Decker 14.4 Volt Battery Charger 5103069-09I order this item new , when I received the item I was so dissappointed , the charger looks so cheap that even the plastic are all warp it looks like it came close to a heat , all shink up and I did not even try to plug it it might create a fire or explode on me so I return it back to the seller . And on top of that comparing my old charger to this one it does not even look same I guess it says made in `` China '' .
 I bought one at my local Target to keep in my garage just in case . Lo and behold , when the day came I needed to use it , it was useless.The battery in my Jeep drained and I connected this unit for charging . After about two to ten minutes , I 'd get an error message and the charging cycle would stop . This would happen each and every time . I read the instructions over and over and saw nothing wrong with what I was doing . I tried all different amp settings and but the same thing would occur -LRB- charge for 5 minutes and then stop -RRB- . I was not a happy camper.It 'd been months since I bought the unit and could n't return it , so now it 's a paperweight . I had to take a cab to my local auto parts store and decided to go for what was tried and true . I bought an old-style , heavy duty charger with a real transformer that hums when you plug it in . No electronics , no electronic displays and no `` smart '' technology to give me error messages.I got home , connected the cables , had my Jeep running in no time and all was finally well in the world again .
 This charger is flimsy and broke the first time out of the box . The `` clamps '' - really more like hair clips - are light weight and sprung apart immediately - springs and pins flying everywhere . Much cheaper and easier to take the battery to Advance Auto . Do n't waste your money !
 I thought I bought this item to charge my batteries in the car.It did n't mention that I have to physically take the batteries out to charge it.How am i going to do that ? considering that I got this item to begin with so that this product claims , I can do it myself , when i do n't know anything about cars .
 I purchased the VEC1086BBD to charge deep cycle marine batteries . Unfortunately it too small for such use and no matter how long I kept it running it never seemed to top off the batteries . I ended up exchanging it for the larger VEC1087CBD which works much better and provides more feedback .
 Worked perfectly for a year or so , then died.My old -LRB- Old Fashion -RRB- battery charger , which was n't a Black & Decker , lasted for 23 years !! Yep , it was n't one of these new digital advanced jobs like the one above . It just charged a battery ... period ! Unfortunately that company is out of bussiness . Probably run out of bussiness by these new CHEAP things that just do n't last.After finding out what it would cost to mail this Black & Decker back , wait , etc. . It was cheaper to just buy another one.What ever one I choose , it wo n't be Black & Decker .
 Initially , I thought this battery charger was a good value except it does n't work after using it intermittently over several winter seasons . ---------------------------------------- Original review when purchased in 2007 : If you 're looking for an inexpensive 12V lead-acid battery charger this one works great.I use it to keep several sizes of 12V batteries charged during the off season -LRB- 2 scooters & JD lawn tractor -RRB- . Note
 I saw the price and decided to go with the Black and Decker instead of a Battery Tender and what a mistake . One problem is that it will not charge a completely dead battery . I had to take my lawn tractor battery out and bring it over and add some juice from my car battery before the charger would charge it . When you turn it on it sounds like it is working by the fan noise but you need to make an amperage selection manually and I am not always sure which one to select without getting the manual out . I recently used it to charge my dead car battery and it keeps giving me fault warning and not sure why . The Battery Tender is truly the best charger you can get for your vehicle because it works everytime I have used it and and is truly `` plug and Play '' .
 This charger only works on very light jobs . People having success with this easy to use product tend to have batteries not needing much help to recharge their batteries . The problem comes if a battery charge is too low . This product is a great example of being too safe to actually work effectively . Go for an old school charger that will work no matter what . Use this one for light jobs only , since that is all it will work on anyways .
 Purchased the vec1086 bbd charger , put it on the shelf for later use . When I needed it , plugged it in and got the `` fault '' light.It 's been over a year so I now own a paperweight .
 I have a car sitting in the driveway with a nearly dead battery . I read the directions , hook it up , it runs for 2 minutes and says `` Full '' . Car still wo n't turn over -LRB- but lights etc. work -RRB- but I can see the power draining each time I try to start it.I reset the charger , try again , 2 minutes , `` Full '' ... I do this 3 or 4 more times changing the charge rate , with same results.This product does nothing !! What a waste of money !
 I bought a new battery for my lawn mower . Also bought this charger to replace a 20 year old one . Followed the instructions for charging a small lawn mower battery at the low rate setting for over 24 hours . The charger indicated that the battery was charged after that period and apparently had stopped its action . However , the battery failed to have sufficient charge level to start the mower . I had to resort to a booster to start the mower . I would use the mid level charging rate in the future .
 I could have bought this here in town for a lot less than I paid here as it was on sale . I was mad but oh well . I will look harder elsewhere .
 I purchased this product thinking it would save me from being stranded on a deserted road with a dead car battery . Not so . Not till I purchased it , unpacked it , and thoroughly scrutinized the manual that I discovered that the charger needed to be plugged in to an outlet to work ; in other words , it 's only useful if you 're within extension-cord distance from your home . A lot of the reviews on this site for this product are from people using it to charge small recreational vehicles , mowers , etc. . If you want to use this product for your car , forget it . It also requires a very specific type of extension cord ; in the `` preparing to charge '' portion of the instructions , users are instructed to `` clean the battery terminals '' and then `` add distilled water to cells until battery acid reaches level specified by battery manufacturer . '' The manual also suggests removing the battery from the vehicle in order to charge it , in some instances . I did n't intend to become a car mechanic by purchasing and utilizing this charger . Find a portable one ; this one 's not worth the trouble .
 This is the first of two B&D ; battery chargers that I have had that ceased working within two uses . While it seems decent enough at first , the single push button control does n't provide much info when you ca n't get off the `` fault '' light . I have followed all of the instructions , tested the power sources , and even attempted to charge different batteries . It 's just not working anymore and I could n't have babied it more than I did.If you are looking for a product that will do what it says -LRB- and presumably that 's why you bought it -RRB- every time you use it then this is n't for you . Sure , it 's cute and friendly looking , but when you need a battery charged , you want it charged . This unit did n't do it for me . With the money I 've invested going into my third charger/starter I could have bought a commercial unit instead that would have delivered on its promise . -LRB- sigh -RRB-
 A tow strap is better than a rope or chain for most recovery operations . But those metal hooks give me the heebie-jeebies . Keeper makes a very good tow strap , but this is n't the one . The one I use has strong , sewn-in loops instead of those metal hooks . I attach it to the stuck vehicle and my truck with shackles that ca n't come loose and fly around like cannonballs . Plus it 's made of nylon , which stretches to absorb shock and can be used for kinetic recoveries . This is better than nothing , but not the best choice .
 Because I had to downgrade to a previous model phone , I found myself with no charger . Cellular companies still have these chargers and still want over $ 30 for them even though they no longer sale the phone and since I am not a rich person , I found myself in serious need so I ordered this charger ... BIG DISAPPOINTMENT . Great price , shipping cost is where they got me and then the product did n't even last a full week and then you 're stuck with it as the price to return is about as much as what u paid to ship it . Once again I am without a charger and thus without a phone . I CAN NOT CONSCIOUSLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR PURCHASE . If at all possible look in pawn shops and thrift stores if you are strapped for cash like me or if you can afford it , purchase the overpriced ones at the cell stores that wo n't even last you a month .
 I am planning to buy a mechanic floor creeper as a gift for a friend who is a mechanic . He , however , has an injured back . Currently he uses a piece of wood without wheels as his creeper . Would the shape of the BONE worsen such his condition ?
 before you install this look at the car and realise there is a steel bracket blocking the bolts from being removed from the MAF , making this unusable
 I bought this adapter in the hope that it would actually work . But no it is the worst product I have ever used for an intake adapter . None of the holes lined up , the square port adapter that comes with it is also the wrong size , and the quality of the piece is far from perfect . Rating out of 10 I would give it a 1 .
 Clever product . One significant design flaw though . I can not raise it high enough to reach the level of my truck bed . I have a 2002 GMC 2500HD with the factory hitch receiver and the GM bedliner . The hitch hand is several inches short at its highest setting . I called Steelhorse technical support and the guy was disinterested in helping me find a solution or taking note of the problem .
 The main bar of the hitch hand is heavy steel , fitting into a 2 '' receiver and with a socket welded to the other end . This socket receives a lighter guage steel T-bar into which go the side extensions . Unfortunately , the socket on the one I received was not welded straight - it was off enough that the T-bar , when attached , was off from level nearly 1 inch over its approx . 3 ' length . In addition , there were no instructions -LRB- assembly is intuitive enough , though -RRB- , and the very torn cardboard packaging was inadequate for such a heavy item . The one I received new was scratched up and rusted in places . There is barely enough height adjustment to reach the bed height of a 2001 Chevy 1500 Z-71 -LRB- not HD -RRB- . This one gets returned .
 I bought these for 356 bucks and had them proffesionaly painted and installed by my bodyshop guy for 300 bucks . They turned out like crap . There is a gap on 2 of the fender flares . My bodyman said that they were installed buy the manufactures specs . What a wast of 656 dollars !! These Bushwacker fender flares suck !! DW
 Signature Series Dash Cover 81237-00-25 ; BlackWhat suede ? This does NOT look like any kind of suede leather I 've ever seen . It looks , -LRB- and feels -RRB- , like velvet CLOTH ! I have no confidence it will form-fit my dash . I have no confidence it will look like it belongs . I will use it ; if nothing else , it should , at least , protect the dash from further sun damage .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 I 've used this several times for post holes and for making a patio/walkway . I 'm going back to my wheelbarrow and shovel . The size is good to take with you in case your project is elsewhere and do n't want to bother taking a wheelbarrow . The seal wo n't stay in place and the baffles actually trap mix , so you end up with dry cement at the bottom . I tried rolling this thing around for a couple minutes and still had to resort to sticking a small shovel down in it to mix the cement . It 's a good idea for small projects -LRB- maybe 40 pounds max -RRB- , but not for 80 pounds of cement .
 I like the idea of this mixer , but after I rolled around my first batch and it was still dry in spots , I went and bought myself a wheelbarrow . The lid was hard to get off , the concrete was n't completely mixed and if you are over 5 ' 3 '' , rolling this thing around is a pain in the back . A wheelbarrow was much easier and faster . I did n't have to spray it off after every batch . Save your money !
 Too much work ! I used this product to mix four 50-pound bags of countertop mortar -LRB- one at a time , each with 5.5 pints of water as instructed on the bag -RRB- . I kept trying , refusing to give up on this `` great , new idea '' until the next day I went back to my good , old electric mixer -LRB- even though I used to think it was too much work to clean -RRB- . And then the results were n't so great -- so I realized that the good , old electric mixer was both doing a better job and saving an incredible amount of work!Maybe this product works better for concrete and smaller jobs , but for my mortar mix I was rolling each load up and down my 25-foot sidewalk four times -LRB- 200 feet and about 8 minutes -RRB- to get a good mix of water , coloring , and mortar . Part of the effort was getting the right amount of water , which for any other mixer is fine-tuned as you watch the mix turning , but for this mixer can only be done by taking a break , opening it up , probing it , adding water , closing it , and blindly rolling it around some more.Although it might sound easy to `` just roll the mixer , '' it 's a lot of work because for each half-turn , you need to supply the power to lift and turn the heavy contents . Then , if you 're pouring above ground level , you need to lift the mixer and its heavy contents to dump them out -LRB- or if you 're patient , not like me , you could remove the contents one scoop at a time -RRB- . As another reviewer recommended , I 'll only be using this product for small jobs and to store dry mix -LRB- it 's a sturdy , watertight container -RRB- .
 We wanted to make dyed concrete pavers for our back yard patio , so we thought the mixer would help us make quick work of it . Put in the recommended amount of water and dye in the bottom , then 60 lbs . of concrete on top , rolled it around for a minute or so -LRB- which by the way is not that easy -RRB- , opened the lid and ... it looked about the same as it did when we started . We ended up dumping it all out in our wheelbarrow and mixing it with a shovel . It 's such a great idea , but the product does not deliver .
 lid needs redesigned the gasket falls out then it leaks . so i tightened it to tight and cracked it .
 Do n't know what model you sent me , but it was n't for a Ford F-250 . Looks like it 's for a GMC . Please hire order pickers that can read !
 I thought I bought a grill guard for a 2008 Ford F-150 . After I put it together and tried to get someone to install it , I found out it was for a Chevrolet . Now , I 'm going to have to get someone to adapt it to my truck.I do n't think I 'll buy something like that online again .
 - Does not pull the mini fuses on a Lexus . Check to see if your fuse holder box has side tabs next to the mini fuses . They block this puller from being able to grab the fuse . - Gave me a false read . Tested a fuse , light turned green meaning fuse is good . Spent days to finally find out that the fuse was actually broken when I decided to do a visual on the fuse .
 First off , the build quality seems top notch . The welds are clean , the paint is even and it appears to be very solid . My review below is for the fitment , and I gave it a low rating because it does not fit right over skid plates even though the instructions specifically state it will.I bought this for my Grand Cherokee thinking it was going to be an easy install . I have OE skid plates , and according to Curt , this is no problem since you simply do not use the provided spacers for the furthest rearward hole . I spent 3 hours trying to get this thing to seat correctly on both sides . I finally gave in and went to my friendly mechanic which required myself and 2 mechanics to get it to fit right . It sits too snug over the skid plate and it is impossible not to scratch both it and the hitch considerably during installation . It is a shame because that nice paint job on the hitch looks terrible now and will probably rust soon . Bottom Line is Curt should make a model for skid plates and without.Additionally , the bolts included were the wrong pitch AND one arrived broken so it cost me another $ 9 in hardware.I wrote to Curt and I was told they would have engineering look into it.Update
 I ordered this for my jeep grand cherokee laredo with skid plate the hitch is way too small i returned it and they sent the wrong one again . would n't buy
 First off , the build quality seems top notch . The welds are clean , the paint is even and it appears to be very solid . My review below is for the fitment , and I gave it a low rating because it does not fit right over skid plates even though the instructions specifically state it will.I bought this for my Grand Cherokee thinking it was going to be an easy install . I have OE skid plates , and according to Curt , this is no problem since you simply do not use the provided spacers for the furthest rearward hole . I spent 3 hours trying to get this thing to seat correctly on both sides . I finally gave in and went to my friendly mechanic which required myself and 2 mechanics to get it to fit right . It sits too snug over the skid plate and it is impossible not to scratch both it and the hitch considerably during installation . It is a shame because that nice paint job on the hitch looks terrible now and will probably rust soon . Bottom Line is Curt should make a model for skid plates and without.Additionally , the bolts included were the wrong pitch AND one arrived broken so it cost me another $ 9 in hardware.I wrote to Curt and I was told they would have engineering look into it.Update
 I ordered this for my jeep grand cherokee laredo with skid plate the hitch is way too small i returned it and they sent the wrong one again . would n't buy
 First off , the build quality seems top notch . The welds are clean , the paint is even and it appears to be very solid . My review below is for the fitment , and I gave it a low rating because it does not fit right over skid plates even though the instructions specifically state it will.I bought this for my Grand Cherokee thinking it was going to be an easy install . I have OE skid plates , and according to Curt , this is no problem since you simply do not use the provided spacers for the furthest rearward hole . I spent 3 hours trying to get this thing to seat correctly on both sides . I finally gave in and went to my friendly mechanic which required myself and 2 mechanics to get it to fit right . It sits too snug over the skid plate and it is impossible not to scratch both it and the hitch considerably during installation . It is a shame because that nice paint job on the hitch looks terrible now and will probably rust soon . Bottom Line is Curt should make a model for skid plates and without.Additionally , the bolts included were the wrong pitch AND one arrived broken so it cost me another $ 9 in hardware.I wrote to Curt and I was told they would have engineering look into it.Update
 I ordered this for my jeep grand cherokee laredo with skid plate the hitch is way too small i returned it and they sent the wrong one again . would n't buy
 The wires were wrong and did not connet to what it said it was for . Very upset that i wasted my money .
 it is not sensitive it is all-most the same as build in to alarm box sensor . d d . f f
 I ordered the KYB334364 for my suv , after 5 days I recieved the item and I recieved a black strut with a KYB sticker attached to it -LRB- generic brand and they attached a KYB sticker -RRB- . The original KYB is a silver with an imprinted logo on the metal . I called amazon and told them the problem and ask for a replacement but the representative told me they can not send me another one instead they will give me a refund and she told me they will investigate and they will take the listing for this item but the item is still listed on there website .
 The compression gauge looks decent but I hae spark plugs with long 18mm threads . The gauge does n't fit and requires an adapter . I do n't think the adapter is sold separately . I have to buy a mor expensive kit that includes the adaptor . That makes this one useless . I expect to have to resell it .
 The bow tie had bolts on the back that were drilled in the wrong location . Could not mount it as the bolts would not align to the predrilled holes in the grille . Would not fit my stock grille or replacement .
 Just like the other review this does not fit . Holes are in wrong location . Maybe the manufacturer should actually try to install one before implying that they will fit . The studs are at least 1/2 '' away from where they need to be now i will have to buy a different one and hope for the best or start drilling holes in my grill .
 The product description indicates that this product comes with a 12 ft. power cord which is why I opted for this model . Alas , I am now stuck with a 6 inch power cord .
 Product made a continuous loud noise when plugged into wall . After various checks and attempts including `` charging '' for over a week , car battery still dead . Since we did not give up on it until after 30 days , we tossed it in garbage rather than attempting to return product with restocking charge and shipping costs .
 The product shown is mounted with bent clamps that secure it with indentations located to the right on the `` face '' that is shown.The product received is mounted with two tabs that extend from the rear on the upper and lower sides of the charger .
 I tried to use this on my automatic generator . When the generator starts , the charger quits charging and indicates a bad battery .
 Although this charger works as descibed , it does not come with the 12ft . power cord listed in the specifications . It should probably be listed with a 12 '' power cord . It is also very noisy for its size , hopefully that 's normal ? It does keep my BMW 740IL charged when it sit 's for weeks at a time . That 's impressive considering how BMW 's are notorious for eating batteries when they sit !
 i purchased this charger for my boat motor , because my battery usually goes dead from not using it enough . my boat already has one on my trolling motor battery . i am not sure of the brand name , but it is compact , and very quiet . the schumacher charger is noisy , and i mounted it with the brackets recomended to use . the problem with this is the plastic on the charger has already cracked using there required brackets . i would deffinately recomend shopping for a more compact , and quiter charger .
 I was looking for a small onboard battery charger to trickle charge a small car , King Midget , that does n't get driven enough to keep the battery completely charged . So far it 's worked as advertised . It 's small and light weight so I was able to attach it to the outside of the plastic case holding the battery . Unlike other reviews , I did n't mind the 6 inch AC cord as I did n't have to worry about a longer cord becoming undone and wrapping around the chain drive.It worked well for six months and suddenly stopped working . I 'm going to try another one as I liked the size.Update 2-16-2013 . The replacement is still working , so I am happy with this product .
 I purchased 3 of these units and two of them went bad within a year . I use them to maintain small tractor batteries.I have another unit offered by this company that is not sealed that one seems to work well .
 I bought one of these units to maintain the charge on the battery of one of my automobiles that I drive occasionally . I foolishly came to depended on it to work properly . It worked great for about 15 months then it died . If you buy one of these , I believe it could make a great paper weight ... just keep it away from your car .
 Plugged it into a less than one year old normally working automotive battery . After leaving it plugged in for 20 hours and over night temperatures of 7F the vehicle would crank but would not start . Hooked up a battery charger I know works , it reported that the battery was at 50 % . After leaving the other brand battery charger hooked up for ten minutes the engine cranked and started.This is a common theme throughout the reviews for this product . Schumacher quality control must be extremely poor . The instructions alluded to the distinct possibility that this unit might be DOA . I will never buy a product from this company again . It seems like sending junk out the door is A-OK with them.Pay for shipping to return this hunk of junk ? And what about my time , installing , removing it and shipping it back ?! Do not buy . Stay very far away unless you like playing the lottery to see if this product will work . I am glad I found out it did n't work before I went overseas for two months and came back home to a dead battery and a charger that was worthless .
 Bought 3 units to sustain a car , truck , and a lawn tractor battery over winter storage months.All 3 units failed within 3 years.The quality of this product is poor.I can not recommend this product .
 this thing is a piece of straight crap , please dont buy it . It 's labeled as being 23/4 '' but in reality it is 21/2 '' the chrome is also very dull and smears very easily . '
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Just got these in today for my dads Christmas present , they look nothing like the picture . They look like they were bent into shape with a pair of pliars . This is crap i should have just gone to the auto parts store , bought some tips and made them myself , they would of looked a heck of alot better . shipping was quick , -LRB- the reason for the one star -RRB- but thats besides the point when you get cheap crap like this .
 I have to say it works fine but I have water and condensation on the inside of the gauge I do n't anticipate it lasting very long
 I do not recommend this for the 2008 Mustang . It does not fit flush to the side of the car . The right side sinks in . I am looking for spacers to bring it out to sit flush . I have seen others that sit flush but this one does not . I would like to contact the seller but they have no contact information . Another reason I do not recommend it.It is nice quality and looks good but should fit better , for a clean look .
 This oil filter uses extra pleats to achieve the extra filtration . Problem is there is a fine line between filtering the oil and restricting oil to the pump . Many `` motor-heads '' out there warn about this filter restricting oil causing a pressure drop.Personally , the standard Purolator or Wix filters are the best out there for any situation . Just change your oil and filter every 4 months or 4k miles and you 'll never have an oil related failure -LRB- caused by the oil -RRB- .
 If you want the blue filter , you wont get it . I tried twice and got the wrong one . Apparantly the color was changed and Amazon doesnt know this . Its for a motorcycle and blue was important .
 I have been looking for a good water proofer for leather for a long time to use while Elk hunting in the rocky Mtn . I bought a large jar of Grasso and went hunting . I applied it to my shoes and set them in the sun in a window . two days later it had not all soaked in . Nothing had been put on these for a long time . I live in mid WY and it is dry here . I wore the shoes while hunting at timber line . 4 days after I had put Grasso on my shoes we were caught in a rain - snow storm . After about 2hrs . walking back to camp in the rain I took my shoes off and squezed about 1/2 cup water out of my sock .
 Applied Grasso to my new oiled leather shoe but it never penetrated . Caused the outside to become sticky picking up dirt , hair , any small light particulate matter . Made the shoe look horrible . Had to clean it 3 times with saddle soap to try and rid the shoe of the Grasso . I bought this because I wanted a lanolin product and even with 1 bad review on Amazon overlooked that because it said quick penetrating and was hoping it was just a bad experience but now know it is the product .
 These shoulder pads , made of uncovered foam , are a very low quality product . The design is so defective that one of the tabs tore as soon as I had tried it on ! I returned the item and received a refund , though I lost shipping both ways .
 The first day I wore them the flap ripped totally off very cheap Wouldnt get again
 These are terrible shoulder pads , so flimsy and the little thin tab that attaches to your bra strap ripped off on day two . Totally worthless .
 So there is no head light guard and there is no euro style guard . Go Rhino stated that they have no contract with Amazon and Amazon is NOT a licensed retailer of the Go Rhino brand . Therefor Go Rhino can not send you the missing parts . If you order this from Amazon , you will about half of what is described . The description that Amazon has is wrong and others have posted similar comments for the same style brush guard for other trucks . I would not have bought this if I knew what I know now .
 Not only did the brackets not allow the directionals to mount close to the wire mesh in the seat cowl vents , but the assembly instructions totally sucked ! Had to return the item as unusable !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The look and feel of this seat cover is nice . Two issues , however :1 -RRB- It does not fit as advertised on my truck seats . The bottom seat portion needed to be two sections , and it 's one long one covering both driver and passenger seats , even though those two seats can be adjusted back and fourth separately . The backrest cover on the passenger side is made as though there is no fold down center console , so had to tuck a bunch of unusable fabric away behind the seat back on the passenger side . Looks bad . All this despite entering correct model and trim package in the order form .2 -RRB- The fastening method is awkward , with some loops and lengths of string to secure the covers . There is not near enough of the string supplied ; I had to supplement that with twine .
 Camry 2004 2.4 Liter made in Lexington was the description of the search for an O2 sensor . This unit was cross-referenced as the one to buy but absolutely was wrong . Then one you want is actually a denso product -LRB- they make the O2 sensors for Toyota . -RRB- I wish this one would have worked , but no go.Pull the sensor -LRB- toyota part number is on the side -RRB- and go to the cross-reference denso guide and you 'll easily find the correct O2 number from Denso .
 I was very impressed with these durable mats when they came out of the box . They fit great , but I noticed they slip and slide around way too much . The mats do n't have anything to hold them in place , like nibs on the bottom to grip the carpet . I 'm really bummed . It is n't safe for my passengers especially getting in and out .
 I have used this unit occasionally . Used for less than 10 hours total within year and half since I bought . Never overloaded or abused . I only hooked up my laptop to it . It just died -LRB- blows the fuse when turned on -RRB- .
 This works , but it sounds like an airplane taxiing along the tarmac . If I press on the gas or turn on the headlights the fan in this thing speeds up or slows down . I knew the fan was loud from reading the reviews , but I did n't think it would bother me because I 'm not that sensitive to noise in my car since I listen to my stereo pretty loudly . However , I could n't stand it and I could n't find a location in my car where it did n't bother me . I even tried putting it inside the center console -LRB- bad idea for ventilation -RRB- , but it was still too loud . I have no idea why they could n't have designed this with a quieter fan . Also , it interferes with my stereo so that sometimes the stereo does n't turn off when I take the keys out of the ignition . I 'm returning it and looking for one without a fan .
 After a few months of usage , it keeps buzzing . I follow the instruction to off and on the power switches many times . It blows out the car fuse . I did n't have anything plug into it .
 Edited on 9-23-12 : This unit was purchased 14 months ago and initially worked well to power my 60 watt laptop intermittently while traveling in a car . It has probably been used for less than 50 hours and never abused . This afternoon it failed while in use , with a low intensity , high pitched buzzing sound and will no longer support the 60 watt load . Fortunately I had a spare 75 watt unit of a different manufacture and was able to complete the trip using it . It would have been a very difficult work situation as I am on-call and require immediate access to the Internet.Original review follows : This inverter works well and is used for my work laptop computer while I am on-call and do not want to stay tied to the house . When drawing ~ 75 watts , it gets very warm - almost hot , but the directions state it can get to 130-140 degrees , so this is probably OK.I like the size and the aluminum case for heat transfer . 150 watts is the maximum most vehicle accessory outlets can support . It would be nice to have two AC outlets instead of one and a USB power port would be nice also . But this inverter has the important items for me and was the best suited on Amazon for my needs .
 Tripp Lite PV150 Portable Auto Inverter 150W 12V DC to AC 120V 5-15R 1 OutletWe purchased this little 12V DC to 110AC 150Watt unit , hooked it up , worked fine for 12 days , then quit -- did the plug out and in 3 times , did the switch on/off three time , checked the fuse , still no workie.Didn ' t get back during free return window to Amazon.Amazon MADE IT GOOD ! REFUNDED ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE today -- allegedly -- will wait for credit to show -- it if does n't will repost
 Unfortunately this inverter never worked . Plugged it in and it blew the included 40 amp fuse . Had to get them at a napa autoparts , replaced the fuse thinking maybe I had a cracked fuse or something and it blew that one too . Fan never came on or anything . This was a huge pain since I was leaving to camp the next day and had to run out in the middle of the night to get something that would work and ended up going the 12 volt air mattress inflater route instead . I 'm going to get a cupholder type they all got much better reviews , I bought this based on price I guess I learned my lesson .
 Too noisy ! We try for 5 mins and the noise continued . Finally we ca n't stand it and worry it will blow up ! So we stop and return it !
 Noisy and wo n't charge my laptop unless laptop is off . Not my best purchase . Can live without usb but this thing trips off constantly with just my laptop being on .
 I 'm rating this very low because I do not think the noise level is acceptable . The fan noise is a grating noise that is very irritating . Having been a computer tech for a lot of years maybe I 'm a little picky about fan noises but I can tell this is one of the cheaper types of fans . I ca n't imagine it being very durable but maybe I 'm wrong . If I were n't leaving on a road trip I would probably return it .
 This unit is rated for 375 watts continuous power , but started giving me an overload alarm with just a 150 watt light bulb plugged in , with the engine running . With 170 watts , the inverter simply shut off . I tried several different appliances and tried the inverter in two cars with different batteries . In both cases , 120 watts worked fine , but anything higher caused problems . Also , the engine had to be running continuously for this to work . Otherwise the inverter turned off within two minutes . Maybe I just got a bad unit , but I was not impressed !
 not what i ordered ! what good is it if it does n't lock ! I sent it back . it 's not something you want on there if it do n't lock .
 Used ICE product today . It reminded me of the Emporer has no Clothes on-I think they put water in a bottle and sell it . It left no shine , does n't make the paint any smoother and I put some water onto what I did n't do and what I did do ... no difference . It did n't make the black plastic white though and that 's a plus.Might be good for an idiot to use though . I was going to return it for a full refund and they want the whole bottle shipped ... more costs ... I guess if this is the largest selling product in the world there are a lot of suckers out there and now I 'm one of them.PS I had to rate this one star ... I did n't want to but you ca n't comment unless you do .
 I have used Turtle Wax Ice may times and have been very satisified with it 's performance over the years . I could polish plastic and rubber trim back to a new condition with minimal effort . I had several bottles that has lasted me several years.I recently ran out and purchased more . I purchased the Synthetic Detailer and the Synthetic Wax . I am so disapointed with both products . Why did Turtle Wax screw up a wonderful product . They have done something to the formulation the makes them ineffective on plastic and rubber trim . It use to be a thicker , more like a baby oil consistency . It is now behaves like water and even foams when I shake it . I used it on my car in temps of about 50 degrees and the wax separated from the liquid which made it difficult to apply and get off the surface . I emailed Turtle Wax two times with no response . I can only assume that there are many other customers like me . I expect better from Turtle Wax.These products are so bad that I do n't even want to finish the bottles .
 I 've used a lot of products on my sports cars over the years . I used this on some test spots of my new camaro . In every posssible light it was impossible to see the test spots . It added no shine whatsoever . It did however dry clear but it did not shine or bead any better than using meguiars wash and wax all-in-one product .
 I do n't get the hype over this product . When I applied it to my Corvette which had numerous coats of Rejex and Ultimum 's Four Start Ultimate Paint Protection , it removed them with each pass of the sponge . Months of hard work and protection gone . This stuff reminds me of the original Armor All . It 's silicon oil to make you think you 're doing something . It does n't appear to offer any paint protection . It appears to be aimed at man 's lazy nature and gullibility in false hope . It goes on easy , comes off easy , and everyone hope it provides the same level of protection as a true sealant or hard carnauba wax . PT Barnum said one is born every 60 seconds.I recently tried it on my Starcraft boat which is painted aluminum . I applied it to the whole hull then came back to remove . It 's a streaked up mess . With Ice being a psuedo sealant comprised of the bad silicons , it should clean itself up just as it did in removing the thick layer of sealant protection on my car . Wipe it back on and it will remove the previous layer . I think it removes old wax residue and previous layers of sealant in the same manner Goop hand cleaner does in removing grease from a mechanics hands.If you do n't want white wax residue in your trim , use a carnauba wax , not a cleaning wax . There are dedicated products to restore your black trim . Check out Poor Boys trim restorer -LRB- Forget the actual name of it -RRB- . Autogeek dot net has REAL products that cater to the prosumer and the professional alike . They do n't sell over the counter snake oil , which is where Ice falls into the big scheme of things .
 This product left an oily feel -LRB- WD40 light -RRB- . What 's worse was the discoloration . At some spots it looked like a discernible film over the paint akin to when an oil slick over water is hit by the sun and you can see different color shades.I applied this product as directed - on a clean car that had just been washed . I applied the product in the shade on a cool car -LRB- ambient temp was around 75 degrees -RRB- . I followed the directions to a tee . I did n't over apply . I was disappointed with the result.At first I thought the problem was the car not being a brand new one -LRB- 1998 Miata in pristine condition and paint -RRB- . So stupid me applied it on a brand new 3 week old Nissan Maxima . Same result ! To my dismay the new car was also discolored . Fortunately , using Turtle Wax Liquid Car Wash -LRB- white bottle , applied quarter srength and applied by hand without a towel or sponge -RRB- I was able to take off the Ice wax application from both cars . They were both restored to their original shine without discoloration - whew ! Just to make sure I did n't screw up the process , I gave it another try and re-applied the wax to the Miata with the same results . So , 3 applications , 2 different cars , one brand new and one older - it did n't work . This reminded me of another product with similar disappointing results -LRB- and discoloration -RRB- , Eagle One Nanowax.Btw , between washes I 've been using the Meguiars Quick Detailer Mist -LRB- red spray bottle -RRB- and that is amazing . I tried the Turtle Wax Ice Spray Detailed -LRB- clear bottle with blue top -RRB- and it worked equally as well . I would recommend both these quick detailer products . They are light waxes that are easy to apply . You use them to take out contaminants on your finish such as bugs , tar , droppings , etc. . Leaving these contaminants on the paint , even as long as between washes , allows them to eat into the paint . So the best practice I 've followed has been to wax your car once or twice a year . Keep it clean with regular washes . And in between washes use these detailer sprays . By the way , they are the sprays that the guys in car shows use to keep the car shiny , clean and clear of finger prints . At least that 's what 3 of the guys told me at the LA Auto Show.Other products that I 've used before that I was satisfied are Zino wax , Meguiars Wax and NuFinish Wax . For taking off contaminants and bringing back that smooth finish nothing beats Mothers Clay Bar.Hope you find this useful . Peace !
 doesnt last , doesnt protect , doesnt shine or polish ... its good for is removing wax residue . does nothing to the paint at all . it 's a complete waste of money . i see that the formula has been changed but after the poor quality and nonexistant attributes of this product , i wont try the new one either . ive used TW cleaner wax and platinum wax and been satisfied with the results . on tires and vinyl trim , this product renews the surface a little . this may contain some silicone or something like it cuz it feels a little slippery when applying , but it doesnt do what it claims to
 After all the hype , I finally decided to try ICE out . Went on very easy ... . But that is where it ended for me . Since this is a POLISH and not a wax , I used a carnuba glaze before applying this . The stuff never dried . It beaded up like sweat and sat on the finish . I buffed it out by hand with the supplied micro fiber towel and it looked glossy . . almost wet . Well that was yesterday . . today it has streaks and blemishes all over the whole car.I would compare this to applying tire dressing to your paint ... . it looks like baby oil , smells like silicone , hey I 've got an idea , why not just spray the car with wd40 ... . the restults will be about the same.I threw this stuff out and now I have a $ 20.00 micro fiber towel.DO NOT USE !!! IT IS NOT A WAX !!!! IT WILL STREAK YOUR PAINT !!!!!
 Today I washed and waxed my 1995 Winnebago Class C motorhome , and tried `` Turtle Wax Ice '' for the first time.After reading so many glowing reviews for this product , I was excited to see what it could do for my 12 year old RV . I was looking for a product that would be very easy to use , but also give a long lasting and durable shine.I started by applying `` Ice '' to the front end of my motorhome which is a Ford E-350 Van . `` Ice '' has the consistency of baby oil and is easier to apply than any liquid wax I 've ever tried . It 's nice that it does n't leave a white residue on rubber and plastic parts , but the overall shine was no better than many other waxes and polishes on the market . When the `` Ice '' dried , it left a hard to see haze , especially on my white vehicle . I found it very easy to miss many spots as I was buffing it out.The real trouble with this product began when I applied it to the FIBERGLASS on my RV . The fiberglass was clean , but oxidized , so I buffed the entire rig with polishing compound first . Then I washed and dried the entire fiberglass body.I applied a thin coating `` ice '' to one side of the motorhome and then waited five or so minutes for it to dry properly . I attempted to remove the dried polish with the micro-fiber towel that comes with the product , but I quickly realized the stuff was not coming off very easily.In my frustration , I pulled out my random orbiting power buffer , and I still could n't get the dried `` Ice '' off the fiberglass ! It looked as if I had applied the `` Ice '' and then forgot to remove it . Over and over I used the buffer , but it did n't look any better . I then tried to apply another thin coat of `` ice '' to a small area to see if I could somehow blend in the two coats , but that did n't work either . I was getting pissed and upset to say the least , and now my RV looked worse than before I started!With nothing to lose , I applied another brand of liquid car wax to the entire side that had the `` Ice '' on it , and hoped for the best . To my great relief , this wax buffed out to a beautiful streak free shine and made the fiberglass look like new again . `` Ice '' may be good for newer cars with clearcoat finishes , but stay away , far away , from this product if you are looking for a polish that will work on older fiberglass RV 's and boats . Getting this stuff off older fiberglass was all but impossible!That 's my two cents!Mike
 This product is good on an already clean , waxed car and will give it a deep lustre-wet look.Beyond that I was extremely disappointed . It says you can apply in the sun , but I had difficulty seeing where I had applied and the dried ` haze ' in the garage . I applied in the evening and by morning it still had not dried completely . Maybe the ` wet ' look is because it IS still wet . I had to put the car in the sun to be able to see all the streaks in order to remove them . It was impossible to see them inside.This product will NOT remove missed bugs , tar , blemishes , scratches or anything else that you may have missed . It looks great only if the car is already completely cleaned and waxed , then it will bring out a deep shine . So this is only good for a followup . Do n't expect any more than that .
 These stupid people sent me a PRE-OPENED bottle of this . not to mention , it also was broken and spilled all over the box . NEVER AGAIN .
 Very easy to apply . On prev unwaxed car it would streak no matter what you do to it . Applied several times and streaks wo n't go away . I am going to wax over it to see if it clears up problem like one reviewer did and said it worked . Rest of polish I threw out in trash . Created more work not less . Turtle wax liquid polish grade D
 With all the hype about Ice liquid wax I figured I 'd give it a try . The Ice spray detailer works great , but not the liquid wax , at least not for me . I have a 2006 dark green F150 which I wash and wax regularly . It did have some minor water spotting on the hood which most good polishes will easily remove . Do n't expect Ice to do this though ! It is strictly for shine , nothing else . I also found the product to be very greasy . I used it on a cool overcast day with no sun . It took forever to dry . After 10 minutes it still did not dry to a haze as it was supposed to . When I wiped it off it streaked like crazy no matter how much I buffed it . I ended up having to wash my truck a 2nd time with detergent to remove it , then used another brand of polish , which worked very well . Maybe this stuff is good for a vehicle right out of the showroom , but if you have any oxidation or spotting at all , do n't count on it to remove it . One good thing though , it did a nice job on the exterior vinyl trim . Anyhow , I returned it for a refund . Spend your money on Meguires or Mothers polish . It 's cheaper and does a great job .
 Have a newer 2010 chevy silverado 2500HD . I applied first coat about a month ago and a second coat three weeks ago . Truck was bare of wax when i bought it and I noticed i missed some places after the first coat . This wax was extremely easy to apply and buff . I do n't think i would work as well as some of the cleaner waxes on an older vehicle , but it looks fantastic on my newer . Would absolutely buy again.Update 2013
 This product should not be called a polish ... it has absolutely no cleaning ability at all . It is like putting a coat of clear oil on your vehicle . I figured I would try a Turtle Wax product one more time as I ran out of my favorite product , Klasse All-In-One . It was a beautiful day and I wanted to wax my vehicle now so I bought the `` Ice '' at the local Walmart . It is a horrendous product and ca n't understand anyone who would rate above 1 star for this garbage . I just ordered the Klasse again from Amazon as you ca n't find it at local retailers ... I 'll just have to wait until next weekend to get the wet look for my vehicle . Again , do not waste your money on a bottle of oil ... this stuff is a joke .
 Although I am certain this product can protect your car 's finish if applied regularly , I have used this product as instructed -LRB- and paired with its specific wash , too -RRB- and have been very disappointed with the results.I have a 2006 Mazda 3 in Copper Red Mica and from the day I brought it home , I 've only used the Ice car wash and liquid polish . The good points to it are that it CAN be applied much easier than standard waxes and polishes and it can give you a very deep shine . Unfortunately , this is n't much more than regular carnauba wax with a facelift and a better marketing strategy behind it . First of all , it 's just a polish , not a wax , so it does n't provide a hard shell to protect the finish , it just shines things up and gives a thin coating of wax . This means that you really DO need the touch up spray and you need to use it regularly . The second bad thing is that this , being only carnauba wax , will make water bead on your car . Unless you run out with a silicone blade or a chamois every time it rains , your car will get VICIOUS water spots , which are very visible on red and blue paint jobs . Thirdly , even with a dry car and very careful application , I managed to get uneven splotches that did n't rinse or buff off , especially around the door handles . These had to sort of wear off , although they were a good indicator as to when the car needed a new coat of polish.After 1 solid year of dedicated use , I am tossing this stuff out and going with Durashine 16oz w / 32oz Durawash - As Seen on TV , the only synthetic polish that has ever lived up to my expectations . For comparison purposes , DuraShine is just as easy to use and apply as Ice is , but it SHEETS water and wo n't bead it , so you get 98 % less water spotting . I used DuraShine for 11 years before this stuff and I am sorry I ever left it.As for Ice , I feel that while it might be an OK product , the spotting , splotches and frequent applications just do n't justify its use .1 Star for not stripping the paint1 Star for the pleasant smell
 The look and feel of this seat cover is nice . Two issues , however :1 -RRB- It does not fit as advertised on my truck seats . The bottom seat portion needed to be two sections , and it 's one long one covering both driver and passenger seats , even though those two seats can be adjusted back and fourth separately . The backrest cover on the passenger side is made as though there is no fold down center console , so had to tuck a bunch of unusable fabric away behind the seat back on the passenger side . Looks bad . All this despite entering correct model and trim package in the order form .2 -RRB- The fastening method is awkward , with some loops and lengths of string to secure the covers . There is not near enough of the string supplied ; I had to supplement that with twine .
 It was n't what I expected and I was n't pleased with the quality and the overall appearance of the cap . I would not recommend this cap to anyone . I was expecting something close to the original equipment but fell way short of my expectations .
 it was not the right one for my corolla 96 1.8 how can i get my money back tank you
 Was sent with a cracked 5th coil . After installing it started arching . It took out my wires and plugs . Inferior product that you 're stuck with after it 's installed . I would not recommend it .
 take care when buying handlebars , they should be stainless steel not regular plated steel , the Steel gets rust with in a month or 2 due to exposure to water and sun bu the stainless steel never rusts and will always look good , invest some more money and buy something reliable , enjoy
 Should of listen to the others before me . I ordered this hoping that I would have better luck . Looked up the seller online and they had good reviews , however one day after ordering it was canceled . No point in ordering a second time .
 Ordered handlebars , got an eMail confirmation , 2 days later order was no longer in system . Should have had the handlebars by now , but will have to order again -LRB- Not Here -RRB-
 If you ride a standard -LRB- I 'm on an SV650 -RRB- , and want that race bike feel , go for the drag bars , not these . They are the same price and offer a better riding position that is more like a race bike . If you insist on the clubmans , you 'll also need to get handlebar risers that give you a 1 '' -2 '' rise and a 1 '' -2 '' back-offset . Otherwise these bars place your weight way too far forward and you 're going to be off balance for high speed turns -LRB- you 'll end up putting all of your wight on the front tire , which only adds to its wear and makes the back end drift too much at high speed -RRB- . Also of note ... if you ride your bike more than 30 mins a day with these , you better be about 20 years old or they 'll tear up your back something fierce . Go for the drag bars or buy the superbike bars and install them upside down . I have tried most of the variants of bikemaster bars , and these -LRB- clubmans -RRB- are by far the worst for my application -LRB- `` spirited '' weekend rides and track days -RRB- .
 The first impression one gets when unpacking this product is that `` Am I getting a brand new item OR a second hand piece of steel '' ? ! This so called antenna gives the term-powder coating - a whole new meaningthey must have dipped it in an old bucket full of enamel ... The finishis all streaky with black tarnished spots -LRB- imagine that on a white item -RRB- A total waste of good money .
 Used Vinylex for my Jeep top to try it . Product does a nice job of restoring shine to plastic and vinyl and it holds up well . Gave it two stars though , because when it rains , the run off from the vinyl roof coated with vinylex leaves streaks and a film on the windows . Too bad it does not run off the vehicle in a rain storm .
 Works good for turning vinyl looking new but supposed to clean as well ? I could have rubbed with plain water and got same results as far as cleaning goes . Not worth the money if you are looking for protection and cleaning both . DH-60 is misleading cause it 's not uv60 but maybe closer to UV-10 rating ? I gave it below average cause it 's supposed to do both clean and protect and jury still out on protect.Good luck
 I used this for years on my car dash and other vinyl areas of the interior . I always thought it worked and protected pretty well although it does evaporate on to the inside of the windshield , which is annoying . It also does n't seem to last very long and as it starts wearing off , the dash looks very dry.I 've since found303 Aerospace Protectant 32oz , and that works much better . It does n't seem to exhibit any of the aforementioned issues , ie. , it does n't seem to go on to the inside of the windshield , and the shine lasts longer . It also protects from UV just as well , if not better . I 'm definitely sold on 303 Protectant over Vinylex now although I really like the Lexol pH leather cleaner and Lexol leather conditioner for my leather .
 Vinylex is a great product for use on my classic cars that have vinyl seats . The problem was from the company that sold it to me . First they shipped a bottle of Plastic X , which is not for vinyl but clear plastic , it cost half the price and really is useless to me.So I shipped it back to them at more than six dollars expence to me.They have yet to pay me back.Later I found out that you can order it from Walmart on line and pick it up at your local Walmart .
 We never got to use the product , as the bottle was broken upon arrival , and we had to throw it out .
 The Fit Check said that this product would fit my 4.9 L I6 Ford F150 . So when the product arrived , I got to work on replacing my old regulator . After about 2 hours of work , I realize that this wont fit my truck . The bolt hole mount is completely different . Mine has 2 bolt holes in that are center to the middle of the regulator , this one has 3 bolt holes . At first I thought `` Well , I 'll just bolt the two in and leave the third alone . '' But upon further inspection , the 2 bolt holes that I would need to use are n't evenly spaced . So I was forced to reinstall the old regulator and ship this one back . Check your old regulator thoroughly before purchasing this , Amazons fit checker is either not accurate enough to know what fits what , or someone has listed the wrong vehicles that use this part .
 This is way to large for my Land Rover I have to push the bumper up just to fit it in the tailor hitch hole.Make sure you know how big a clearance you have before buying this item .
 I entered the stats for my 1994 Honda Civic and was told this is the mat for my car . When I got it , it was a good fit except for the passenger side of the dash . It is too big on that side . I thought maybe I got the wrong one , so I came back to Amazon and looked at it again carefully and got the same model number . I searched online at found other sites recommending this same DashMat model number and this is the model number I kept getting for my car . So , because I needed one really bad and did n't know what else to do , I had to alter it myself to fit , which is OK , because I 'm a seamstress and I know how to alter , but this problem needs to be remedied by the manufacturer .
 Threads on the shock stud extender did n't match the threads on my shock.i should of check the threads on my shock before ordering .
 I have ordered two air filters for my 2010 Acura MDX through Amazon . Neither the Fram or the Champion recommended by the Amazon sizing chart fit . They are about 1 '' too long . Amazon needs to get with their suppliers and Acura and figure out what this issue is . I 'm headed to the parts store next !
 BMW sells these only in plastic now . Over time , they will fuse with your tire stem . I paid $ 70.00 a tire to have them removed and add new stems to my tires .
 I bought these for my husband 's BMW 535xi about a year ago . While they looked pretty on the wheels , an issue arose yesterday when he went to put air in the tires . He could n't get the valve stem caps off of any of the wheels , even with pliers . Since he has afraid he would damage the tire pressure indicators , he brought it straight to the dealership . They groaned when he told them what the issue was and had him take a seat and told him it would be a while . Apparently they are seeing this issue quite often . The valve stem covers had fused to the valve stems , and were impossible to remove by unscrewing.The mechanics at the dealership had to remove all four tires , cut the valve stems , unmount the tires , replace the valve stems , remount and rebalance the tires . The total charge for this on a car which is still under warranty -LRB- BMW will not honor this repair under the warranty -RRB- was $ 201.47 . I would not recommend that anyone use these valve stem covers on their BMW or any other car !
 I have to use pliers to remove them every time . They stick quite easily after a car wash , or currently , in the cold weather .
 Before you purchase these springs check the measurments . It is said for heavy duty shocks but not . The 3 inch is the outside measurment . I needed 3 inch on the inside . My vehicle is a f 250 . As the other review it is 26 dollars to return and I paid 23.88 so I 'm stuck with them . My final words are as written on the box MADE IN CHINA .
 I purchased these Superior coil-over shock springs because the add description led me to believe these springs would fit over heavy duty shocks . Apparently they are not for all heavy duty shocks ... they did n't fit mine and it cost me $ 26.00 in shipping fees for the original purchase and return.Additionally , many new shocks these days do n't come with a metal dust-boot cover . If you want one they are willing to sell you a rubber boot . These Superior springs can only be installed on older or certain types of shocks , certianly not all.Superior could at-least take a few moments to come up with a better description and maybe a drawing or two to show a typical installation . If for no other reason to clear these main points - shock sizes and the requirement for a metal dust-boot cover . I 'm an idiot and I figured it out in just a few moments once I had these springs in hand . It would also be nice if Superior could return e-mail requests for additional information.When a product is designed as a bolt-on product , I could have fabricated and welded something to make these work but that would have been contrary to the bolt-on theme .
 Incredibility cheap product . The little $ 10 fans you buy at walmart have a sturdier build and much more power than this little puppy . Product does not fit the price tag .
 The airflow from this fan is terrible . Cant tell which way its supposed to blow . To be made by Hella , its a disgrace to the company name .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I bought these hoping to replace my outdoor PL-style fluorescent lamps due to the fact that the fluorescents get dimmer with the cold weather -LRB- when they actually start up -RRB- . These fit and work , but they are n't nearly as bright as the original PL fluorescent lamps . -LRB- I have some of the CREE LED 's in other outdoor fixtures and they are very bright for the wattage consumed -RRB- . The bottom line
 The Westin 23-1680 step bars do not fit the 2011 Silverado LT. Although listed by Amazon as the correct rail , Westin web site shows the Westin 23-1950 as the correct rail for the 2011 Silverado LT. I sent the first ones back and will report when the correct ones arrive.The 23-1950 Westin Side rails arrived and fit perfectly on the 2011 Silverado LT. Amazon you need to change your recommendation on this particular rail . After 30 minutes both rails were on , fit perfectly and make my truck look Great !
 This item did n't even fit my car . . it said it would.fit but when I got it and tried to install it . It did n't . it fit and it sounds like . Crap !! Do n't buy this piece of crap .
 such slow shipping time ! had 2 day shipping and its been 3 days and they havent even shipped it .
 I Got this intake and put in the my car model and everything and when I installed the intake it did not fit my car . I took out the air box and put it back for no reason . Idk in terms of it working . Maybe Its just my car that it did n't fit but Definitely did n't I wanted .
 Really disappointed with this item . The batteries I 've charged -LRB- AAA -RRB- I use for my MP3 . They 're only good for 20 minutes of use on a full charge . Ridiculous ! This was such a waste of money . A huge let down .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 This is one tremendous ripoff . I am a 30 year truck driver . I have had my Hazardous Material Certificate since it 's inception . All chemicals have a data sheet for emergencies and such . I just happened to look up Motor Kote one evening while resetting hours at truck stop . It is MINERAL OIL . I repeat MOTOR KOTE IS NOTHING BUT MINERAL OIL !!! Do not believe me . Please check it out for yourself . If you want to put MINERAL OIL in your engines at least do n't get screwed for $ 99 a gallon . You have been warned . Drive safely .
 After reading such positive reviews , I placed the order for a 32oz bottle and applied to 2 of my cars
 I 've used this grip for years , and I like the product . However , my new car had a larger steering wheel . The standard size cover did n't completely enclose the wheel . The wheel was exposed by a gap of 3/8 of a inch or so , so I ordered the superwide . I paid a couple of dollars more , but that gap is still there , and it is just as big as before . Is there really another size , or is that just on the box ? It 's inexpensive , so there 's no use making a big deal over it . Just a couple of dollars more , but they should deliver what they say .
 I chose Superwide Sport Grip -LRB- by seller 's picture and description -RRB- . I received package -LRB- different from picture -RRB- where was written size &#34; C &#34; . Is it same product or not ? DO NOT KNOW . With size &#34; C &#34; I still have gap 1/4 &#34; jn Ford Ranger 2011 . Not so wide . Old one -LRB- Sport grip -RRB- was softer , wider , used different method for overlapping -LRB- through holes at the end -RRB- and covered much much better.Will not buy from Internet with shipping cost . Not bad product . Next time probably will buy in auto store .
 The item is GOOD , but I Bought two NEW Motorcraft CM4809 New Multi Port Injector , and one of them was used . Thst 's no fair .
 were not long enough on the rear fenders of a 04 f250 . Hard to screw into the fenders and have it follow the contours . I should have saved my money and bought bushwacker cutouts .
 I 've put covers like these on half a dozen cars and this is by far the worst product I 've seen . I let it warm up in the Arizona sun for a half hour then set to work . About 2/3 of the way around , working evenly around , the plastic core began to rip . I 'd measured the steering wheel to make sure it would fit , but even an experienced hand could n't hold this $ 13 disaster together . The velour is also of quite low quality so do n't expect much . Save your money for a real leather Wheelskin instead . The time and money are more than worth it .
 Estimated ship date was 2 months away - . - ... . otherwise its great ! kind of flimsy but it will do the intended job !
 This licence plate frame seems pretty useless to me because it covers the bottom of the letters and numbers of my license and that is illegal .
 the frame was broken and i emailed the vendor with no response so i very disappointed with amazon for not screening their vendors better . thanks alotoh and it was a gift that cant be exchanged they are just stuck with a broken plate cover . Happy Birthday
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 item did fit well , drove my vehicle in town and hwy through summer and winter months , but the cover stiching started to come apart in nine months .
 I purchased this as a gift for the holidays . I have seen this in catalogues as well as internet stores . It looked well done.When I opened the package I realized that it was constructed of plastic not metal , Which is not what I expected ... I know it 's buyer beware when you purchase somthing without a complete description of the product . If it 's not welcomed when opened this holiday I will gladly return it with complete understanding .
 Installed ORB78DT-84 battery in a Lotus M100 last June and it worked through last year 's Lotus driving season . It overwintered in a heated garage on a high-tech trickle charger . And it failed this summer , unable to hold a charge and even leaking during charge -LRB- also high-tech with shutoff -RRB- . Not impressive for the money .
 I got this at Battery at Tire Kingdom for mY 04 TL back in 07 . I plopped 189.00 plus for a battery that was 85 months with 3 year replacement . After 15 months i had to replace it . Now after 12 months I have to replace the replacement !!! Problem is , most retailers are not carrying Exides . Buyer beware !!!
 This product looks nice when new . It quickly unrivaled with weeks of use and had to throw away and replaced .
 We have a 2005 Toyota Prius . These covers did not fit as snuggly as we would have liked . We gave them to a friend and purchased one from Wal-Mart that was of better quality and provided a better fit .
 This battery lasted a little over 2 years . Charging with a good battery charger that also De-sulfates has n't helped . Tried calling Exide the lady I spoke with could n't be bothered to stop eating while talking . She gave me the number for a rep in the northern part of my state and that rep gave me a number for a rep in the south both over 200 miles away . The few Local businesses that sell Exide batteries do not sell this particular one so they wo n't pro rate it because they have nothing in their inventory to scan and give me a price on another . So if you are buying a battery online make sure you can actually get warranty service it 's not like you can box it up and send it back to Amazon .
 It only last 1 year and i could n't find where to get the free 18 months replacement that appears on the warranty . I sent emails to Exide Batteries , and have no answers ... it is incredible what a scam these batteries are and there is no warranty , nobody will replace your battery or your money back . Yesterday , the battery on my car died , it was another brand from walmart it last 2 years and 10 months , i just went to the store WITHOUT receipt of purchase , and still got a new one for 2.06 $ !!!! and still with 3 years of free replacement !!
 I had a pair of exide nautilus batteries go bad after 9 months . Do n't waste your money ! I would go with any other brand available .
 I had a exide obital and starting agm both only lasted 2 years . Have had cheap batteries last 3 . Bought an optima same time still works great going to replace my exide battteries with optimas .
 bought one does not work needle gets stuck in motion shift light comes on when it wants and is impossible to set sunpro refused to do anything about it
 These bulbs are garbage to say the least . They are n't any better than the cheap halogens you can buy anywhere except for they appear whiter . They do n't last very many hours at that . They start to dim very quickly after use .
 I previously had some cheap Sylvanias that I bought off the shelf in autozone and they lasted almost two years . After replacing them with these Eurodezigns , I noticed that the light output was much dimmer , but they were slightly more blue . I supposed I could have lived with that but ... They both died in LESS THAN A WEEK . The filament on one of them is OK , but the glass underneath it cracked . I ca n't say what happened to the filament on the other because the glass is cracked and the interior is filled with a smokey residue that obscures the filament . My guess is that the temperature was hotter than the glass could handle . I 'm 100 % positive that they are the same voltage and wattage as required by my vehicle.They 're under `` warranty '' but you have to spend $ 7 plus shipping just to have them replaced , so you 'll probably spend $ 12 to get a new set of $ 20 bulbs that wo n't last more than a few weeks.The moral of the story ... stay far far away from anything made by Eurodezigns !
 The tail light lens in this case is described as a Right Hand lens but is in fact a left hand lens . I had to wait another week -LRB- 2 day shipping ?? -RRB- to receive the correct lens Wesbar 003372 but when received it had a giant crack through the middle due to poor packaging . The 003372 is described as a Left Hand lens but is in fact a right hand lens .
 I 'd steer clear of this product . I purchased two and only one worked . The other will not light up - out of box failure . I disagree with the reviewer who said the backing will not scratch your finish . There are two round , powerful magnets to hold the light to a metallic surface . But the magnets are housed in chrome-plated metal rings that are sure to scratch anything unless you are very , very careful . Also , the on/off button is nearly impossible to press with a normal sized finger . You 'll need to use a pen point or something of similar size and hopefully you 'll have something like that with you if needed on a dark night . Overall a very poor design and unreliable as well .
 Stupidest battery cavity design ever made . You have to smash the product with a hammer to open it to put batteries in it .
 Do n't buy this product if you do n't intend to use it on car rims . I used it for aluminum serving dishes and it smelled and did not polish at all . If anything it gave it an even more dull look .
 well it fits and works fine but it has the worse smell ever ... . i literally opened the box it came in and immediately had to set it outside on my porch ... i left it there for 3 days and it still has a horrible smell ... cant even put it in my car because it smells so bad .
 I should have searched for a more comprehensive code reader . This one will only give you the problem codes if you have a CHECK ENGINE condition . What I needed was a unit that will give give live data from the sensors so that I can do correctional work before the Check Engine light comes on . I have a car experiencing a high gas consumption problem and needs a diagnostic check on the O2 , EGR , Evap , STFT , etc. . There are units that can do this for a few dollars more than this unit .
 My wife 's Toyota only had the maintenance light on which can be shut-off by pressing the odometer reset while turning the ignition key on-off-on , so I just got an `` Engine Okay '' diagnostic with the Acron . The CD is useless - Google has much more up-to-date information . It 's fine for the money . I could n't afford what I wanted , a device that plugs into my laptop and I can flash to upgrade to the latest - anytime .
 i had no problem with shipping it arrived in a couple days but i could not get mine to do anything other then say `` no link '' , i would do what it said and start over and same thing so i 'm sending it back and gon na try the 9135 model and hope it works .
 This OBDII reader was found after searching for 2001 Mazda Miata compatability . When I recieved it , it dit not fit the Diagnostic Output . It is falsely advertised .
 It got stuck . A tab on the car side connector locks into a square space of this unit . Not worth the trouble .
 This OBDII reader is way too simple . Does n't really do much in diagnostic . Could not reset anything . Save up and buy a bit more better unit .
 After getting the Actron diagnostic code reader , it worked great , just like it said . Unfortunately , when trying the product , I noticed a tag on the cord that siad `` Warning this cord contains lead '' ! I was upset by this , beccause now I have to wear gloves when using it . I recommend that anyone who is interested in this product should save their money & find something similar .
 I purchased this from the Gold Box offer and just got it today and there 's a tag on the cord that says : WARNING
 This item performed as expected , reads and resets fault codes in all vehicles with OBD-II connector . Easy to use - only 2 buttons ! You might be able to find it $ 10 cheaper at a local store on sale , but even at the price I paid it was a BARGAIN ! Cost of tool = 1 diagnostic visit to local shop .
 I just bought it for eliminating the check engine light as mention in the product description . Looks like failed , it just give me nothing else but a strange code not appearing in the manual .
 Wow what a piece of junk . Worked for about 2 months and broke . All I get is a `` NO LINK '' message . Have tried on many cars but to no luck . Do n't waste your money buy something else
 The Hedman 68608 ELITE Ultra-Duty Hedders are a very nice set of headers , however , the driver 's side header blocks the lower clutch linkage arm -LRB- lower arm holding the rod to the clutch fork arm -RRB- and it rides against the oil filter . Consequently , it 's either not compatible with a 68 Camaro w/Man Trans or there is a manf defect in the bend . - Amazon.com processing and shipping of my order was , as always , expedient ! - Amazon.com returns program is also user friendly , but I recommend you consider using other than their `` drop off UPS '' option . UPS will not insure the package using the Amazon.com label . If you do n't insure the package and it 's lost in transit , you will be liable and obviously not receive your credit . I experienced this problem last year with Amazon.com , however , after numerous e-mails , they agreed to credit my account ... but then , it was only for a few dollars .
 I have a large head , but when I tried to strap the velcro around my face the two ends did not meet . I tried to give it to my wife who is size 4 dress and 120 pounds , it barely fit her.The only thing to adjust is the velcro that is sewn into the width , so 23 inches is the full length.Subtract three inch of overlap so you can velcro the two ends together and now you have 20 inches of usable length .
 The tape does not hold the parts up that are needed to hold the netting up . The netting itself is pretty sturdy but I refuse to drill holes into my brand new suv to hold up $ 16 worth of netting . Also my pre existing hooks are not compatible with this net . I drive a 2012 equinox , guess I 'll be going back to the dealership for their cargo net .
 I removed the storage net from the packaging to install in my SUV . Two of the elastic loops used to hold it in place , in my SUV , immediately broke rendering the product totally useless . I feel this product is a total rip-off . Do n't buy it !
 I bought this for my Smart For two , but it was a complete waste of money , since the sticky hooks do n't stay put , even when there 's nothing on the trunk forcing them . I 'm not willing to put super glue on the car , so the product is useless for me . If I had hooks in the car , it would be different , but it 's not the case . For me , not a good product .
 Be warned
 I bought this for the back of my SUV and you either have to use screws and drill holes in your truck to get it to stay in place or use the sticky dot things they send with it . First I 'm not going to drill holes in my truck and the sticky dots do n't stick so this item is pretty much worthless unless you have hooks that are part of your truck in the back that you can hook the stings in .
 I 'm sure that this is a wonderful product , it just does n't meet my needs . I selected it after googling a storage net for my new SUV . There is no way to connect it without drilling holes and it is n't large enough to stretch from side to side in the cargo area . I have one of the smaller SUVs so I do n't think it would work in any SUV .
 Glue does not stick to the trunk sides , thus it can not be installed . I could screw it in , but I did not want to damage the panels . Wound up throwing it out . Wasted my money .
 The item was listed as compatible with my Hyundai Veracruz , but I found that meant you had to deface the inside of the SUV . It can not use the hooks already in the SUV . You have to screw new knobs to the inside of the SUV for it to work . Not something I care to do in a brand new vehicle .
 my infinity did not come with a cargo net and I was sick of the grocery 's spilling all over the back so I purchased this . first , the `` sick on attachments '' that is comes with are crap . it would n't stick to glue . plus , I did n't want to stick something to the panel and have it leave a residue . Nor did I want to drill holes into the panel . so I went to home depot , bought some clasps and connected it to the tie-downs in the trunk . that worked fine , but then one of elastics snapped . I was able to tie back on . its been holding strong , but this seems like way too much work for such a simple product . maybe I should have just bought the OEM brand . oh well
 A great concept but poor outcomes . Unless your car comes with fittings for a storage net , you pretty much have to drill into your car . I 'm notdoing that with an aftermarket product and possibly loose the warranty on the car . I 'm sure it will be great for cars with fittings but for my is was a bad buy .
 This item does not fit properly in the trunk area of a vehicle . The grocery bags placed in the `` net '' fall over and do not stand up as one would expect !! The trunk hook has come apart several times within the first month . Do not waste your $ $ Better to use a box or place everything in the rear seat .
 This net did n't fit my 2011 Highlander . My Highlander has built in hooks but this net did n't fit on those . I personally did n't want to install the hooks that came with the net because they do not match my vehicle interior .
 I was very disappointed in this product . The tabs do not stick well to the vehicle and I refuse to drill any holes in my vehicle for a net . I would not recommend this product to others .
 When something claims to ` fit ' your vehicle you do n't expect to have to drill holes to make it happen . Of course the is the adhesive option , unfortunately the adhesive provided does n't stick to anything but the backing paper you remove . Do NOT purchase unless you already have 4 points to hook it to .
 You have to drill holes into your vehicle for this storage net to work -LRB- unless you have a vehicle with pre-existing hooks -RRB- . And I 'm not about to drill holes into my 2-week old vehicle for this thing . There are some cheapo , peel-off adhesive tabs that 'll last about 2 seconds once you have a bag a groceries tugging inside the net . Just really disappointing .
 The cargo net fit , but the install was not so easy . I did not want to drill any holes in my new vehicle , so I got some hooks to attach . It works , but not the best product for my needs .
 if you think you can use this and put it away for a week your dead wrong . . after a couple days it will not spray again -LRB- clogged up -RRB- therefore not being able to get anything out even taking of the tip . .
 Although there was some initial dialogue with the manufacturer , the bottom line is that after two returns , the Valley 59770 hitch did not fit my 2002 Honda Accord sedan . Amazon 's return policy was perfect .
 Receiver did not fit a 2006 TL as stated . When attached to tow hook , drill points would have been in angled area of trunk floor . I did not see any way to shim or pull the four drilled holes -LSB- 2 '' off -RSB- . Receiver is also suppose to fit a Honda Accord . If it does , this is a nice receiver .
 They had spliced on the right cable , which was fine , but it was too short to reach the connector ! an amazing oversight ; fortunately Amazon made no trouble taking the item back.Has since been classified as not suitable for my vehicle , so might have been an Amazon problem .
 Amason said this part would fit my truck when I ordered it , However when I tried to install this it would not fit my truck . I contacted the manufacturer and they said it was the wrong part . Returned item for a refund . well made cover , good crome finish , great price , too bad it fit my truck !!!
 I bought two of these . They had the same model number . One had holes drilled for the brake rotor screws , the other did n't . Not happy . These two screws hold the brake rotor to the hub until you attach the wheel nuts . They are countersunk and match the hole pattern of the brake rotor .
 The oil filter for the 2006 sonata v6 is a drop in element . The only place I have found them is the dealer .
 This inverter never worked right . Lasted about two months with very sporadic use by me . Beware the Nieko Tools USA have no warranty as far as i can tell . I can not find any contact info and the seller will not answer phone . The seller is Die Cast Model Madness or DCMM . Amazon offers no help at all . Just $ 200 dollars spent on worthless ChInese junk .
 I think I 'm disappointed in product and what bothers me even more is that the seller did n't respond to my email . I will not rate the product because i simply do n't know anything about it . I can only describe what i experienced . When i plugged in an electric kettle which needs 1500w all that i see on the watts output display is some lousy 310watts produced by inverter -LRB- rated for 2000w/4000w peak surge -RRB- so you tell me please how should i rate it . To the seller `` Green 's garage '' i give zero for unprofessional approach .
 These are incredibly fragile and tear while you 're trying to put them on . I had to just throw them away .
 Not recommended . This Walker sensor failed within a year , and I was unable to get it replaced under the 1-year warranty . I bought another well known brand sensor at a comparable price that has been working fine since .
 If you 're looking at these blades , you probably are doing so for the same reason I did
 i was not happy when I received this product . The picture on the website clearly shows 2 eyelets at the bottom of the floormat to be able to fit over the hook in the floor of my vehicle . -LRB- to keep it form sliding -RRB- When I received the floormat set they were obviously a cheaper knock off without the eyelets .
 Product turned out to be too long for my application and I had to fabricate replacement parts that solved my problem of holding batteries in place .
 Installation and programming worked as described . However , made my truck run poorly , terrible gas mileage , transmission shifted randomly . Seriously thought it was going to permantly damage my truck . Set back to stock and returned the unit . Not worth the money for sure ...
 Nobody wants to take responsibility for this product . It does not communicate with my 2007 f-150 , i keep getting error codes and i 've tried repeatedly to contact the supplier -LRB- Trends Auto -RRB- and they will/have not returned numerous messages i left . I would n't recommend this to anyone -LRB- or buying anything from Trends Auto -RRB- . Basically I paid $ 350 for an RPM gauge .
 At this point I would not recommend this product or any products from edge . After installing one of their basic programs and then change the tire size my check engine light came on and codes P061F and P2106 -LRB- throttle codes -RRB- . I contacted edge and they downloaded all the information from the programmer . A week later I contacted them because I had not heard from them . Again all they did was take the same information nothing about my issue . Two weeks later I contacted them again through their web site , gave them all information including my case number but still never heard from them . Contacted them again two weeks later and all I got was a run around again . First the engineer that was supposable handing my case was not in and the customer representative said he talked to another engineer and he recommended I take off the throttle bode and clean it . So it has been 6 weeks and all they can come up with is clean the throttle body ! It is one thing to have an issue with the product but when you ca n't count on the support from the company that 's bad .
 I ordered a programmer for a 2006 GMC and they shipped a module for a 2006 Ford . I called customer service and I guess I got someone in India as I had a hard time understanding them along with the fact the customer service agent was having a hard time with the english language . I was very specific as to what the problem was and what I needed in return . Well guess what ... they shipped the wrong part again . I again went thru the hassle of calling customer service and finally found someone who had a good command of the english language . It was agreed that Amazon.Com would accept a return of the unopened product and refund my money . So 2 wasted trips to UPS to return the product plus the time I spent dealing with Amazon.Com customer service I still do n't have what I wanted . I will not do business with Amazon.Com again until they clean up their act .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I ordered this hitch after confirming with the manufacturer that this was made to fit a 2006 Honda Odyssey without drilling . It does not fit without modification to the hitch.The holes in the hitch were not set wide enough to fit the pre-drilled and threaded holes in the van 's frame . Another 1/2 '' was needed from one side of the hitch to the other.I ended up cutting the holes on one side of the hitch into slots out to the edge of the hitch , and then used another steel plate to reinforce the slots . Once installed -LRB- about 1.5 hours of labor which should have been about 20 minutes -RRB- the hitch does what it is supposed to do ... it 's a receiver for a hitch drawbar ... no great accomplishment.I was disappointed in the condition that the hitch was received ... the paint was scratched and chipped severely . It was shipped UPS without any packaging , so of course it was banged around . I sanded the spots to bare metal , re-primed and then painted the whole thing again . I do n't like a rusty hitch under a relatively new vehicle .
 The good :1 -RRB- Came in a box so it did not get scratched in shipment .2 -RRB- The hitch is easily raised flush to the frame without removing the muffler3 -RRB- No body or plastic modification was needed to mount the hitch.The bad -LRB- really bad -RRB- :1 -RRB- The bolt holes are 1/2 '' too close together to bolt to the frame of a 2006 Odyessy . To be more clear , the hitch needed to be wider across the width of the vehicle in order to span between the left and right frame rails to allow the hitch holes to line up with the existing holes in the car frame.Since the hitch width is 1/2 too narrow , you get one side mounted -LRB- start with the muffler side will make it easier -RRB- only to find you ca n't line up the holes on the other side of the van since they are 1/2 inch too far away.Summary : How hard could it be to get the right width machined into the hitch ? I guess you could argue Honda is making all the vans 1/2 inch different but that seems a bit far fetched to me . I 'll put my trust in Honda and their robots.So , a 1/2 project turned into a 3 hour project . Had to haul it over to my father in law 's who is a machinist to have him mill the holes in the hitch wider . I suspect not many people have a machinist so readily at hand.Dealt with two hitches for my van . Hitch one was shipped without a box so it arrived all scratched up making the hitch a rust magnet - sent it back to Amazon . Second hitch did n't fit without modification from a machinist.My suggestion . Buy a hitch from UHaul , a local hitch place , or whomever and have them put it on the van . It will cost you approx . $ 80 - $ 120 more but you will avoid much aggravation .
 I just spent 3 hours trying to install this hitch on my new 2009 Honda Odyssey . The problem is that the pre-drilled holes in the hitch do n't align well with the mini-van 's frame . They are off by a frustrating 1/8 '' . I am very experienced at do-it-yourself projects and have a PhD in engineering , but the only thing I accomplished with this hitch was getting sweaty and dirty . Now , how do I get my money back for this piece of junk ?
 I thought this was the same hitch as what U-Haul offers . The U-Haul got hitch got good reviews on odyclub but this was cheaper -LRB- though the price fluctuates -RRB- . As with some of the other reviewers the hitch holes did not line up with the holes in the van . The hitch came unboxed so the paint was knocked off in several places . I returned it and went with a Curt hitch which came boxed , has a thick powder coating instead of paint and fit well .
 The CL series all have SNELL ratings , except the XXXL size . I was disqualified for a race as a result . Too bad I do n't know how to shrink my head ...
 I ordered the PS6643 from Amazon for about $ 18 . I liked the fact that it had a small valve to drain the water on the bottom . What arrived was the sleeve version which requires the factory base -LRB- which I lost years ago -RRB- . It had the PS6643 printed on the side too!Now I 'm wondering why Fram did not differentiate between both of the part numbers if there are two different kinds with the same number . My filter came in a decrepid old box with the plastic packaging opened by someone else . Now I ca n't even return it !
 The CL series all have SNELL ratings , except the XXXL size . I was disqualified for a race as a result . Too bad I do n't know how to shrink my head ...
 I wanted to completely rebuild the front end of my '81 rabbit pickup , so I bought these because a VW mechanic I know said Moog made good quality parts . They did arrive in Moog boxes but ca n't say whether or not they were actually made by Moog . They did not say Moog on the parts anywhere and the country of origin on the box was different then what was stamped on the parts , and different on each part.After taking all the time to completely disassemble and then reassemble the front end , as soon as I lowered the cars weight back to the ground , the drivers side strut mount came up as if it were a completely worn-out unit . I contacted Amazon -LRB- not easy to find phone number -RRB- and they sent out a replacement . It also had mismatched country names on the box and part . The new part worked better , so after tearing the drivers side apart and putting it back together a second time , I paid to have the car aligned . A week later both strut mounts had completely failed , the bearings pushed up through the rubber until they bottomed out underneath ... complete garbage ! Very frustrating and a huge waste of my time and money.Eventually took everything back apart AGAIN and sent the junk back to Amazon and bought replacement parts locally . If you want Moog parts I would not risk buying these from Amazon , assuming of course that Moog does make good parts to begin with . Will try to upload photos .
 The CL series all have SNELL ratings , except the XXXL size . I was disqualified for a race as a result . Too bad I do n't know how to shrink my head ...
 After purchasing this product started smelling gasoline when parked in garage . Put old cap back on and smell went away . No other problems with cap other than gasoline smell .
 This tool was a bit of a mystery when it arrived . I was not sure how to use it and there were absolutely no installation instructions included with it . Called Comp Cams technical support and never got the same answer twice when I asked how to use it . Went ahead and attempted the seal job on a BBC with teflon seals . Managed to ruin two seals before I finally mastered a method of installing them . Ended up using the butt of the tool to push them on -LRB- do n't forget to use the installation sleeve -RRB- , inverted the tool and pushed the seal on . Removed the installation sleeve and finished the job with a 12mm deep socket . The tool works and it is cheap , but I have to believe there is something better out there . By the way , contacted tech support again and complained about no installation instructions and was told they would look into it .
 This helmet is too heavy ; it hurts my neck on long rides . A lot of wind noise . Visor operation sticky . Tight chin pads a bit uncomftorable . I would not recommend this helmet . I 'm better off with my old HJC helmet.No problem with seller fast delivery and good price
 I installed this per the instructions and it fell off and broke 12 hours later !
 I bought this with the intention of installing it permanently on the rear glass of my Yukon to assist in hitching up to trailers . First of all , there was no place flat enough on the rear glass of this full size SUV to make it stick ! Secondly , it is huge , so if I had installed it , it would block out my vision out the normal rear-view mirror . Since there are no dimensions listed , be sure to look closely at the pictures so you realize how huge this thing is . I would estimate the glass in the mirror is 7 x 8 inches and the overall size is over 12 inches long .
 Even though I followed installation instructions given on the packaging , the product did not even last 24 hours on the Car glass and fell down and broke while the car was parked during the night .
 Works well UNTIL it falls off . And it will.I think if you have any curvature to the window it will fall off . I wish there was a better way to adapt to curve of window -LRB- my rear window is only very slightly curved -RRB- . When you have rigid plastic in one shape and sticking it on another window of a different shape , it simply wo n't stay on.I think they need to add a THICK foamy sticker layer to compensate for the curves , then this MAY work
 I bought this wallet because of the good reviews but I ended up having to buy something else . This wallet is crudely made and the materials look really cheap . I would only recommend it to people that want to leave it in the glove box &#8212; if you want to carry it on you I would recommend buying something that looks more respectable .
 I am giving this one star because I never received the product or a response from the seller to emails . I bought this product elsewhere and love it . It is so convenient having your Insurance ID and Car registration all in one convenient place when youneed it .
 I used this product following the manufacturer 's instructions but unfortunately it managed to drain rather than maintain my battery . I did confirm that my lighter was still active even when the car was off so that was not the problem . In fact , I know something was happening because when I came down later that day -LRB- after I had plugged the battery maintainer into lighter of my car -RRB- the GPS screen on my car was open -LRB- it rotates up when the car turns on -RRB- and illuminated . I figured that it meant that the solar charger was working . Unfortunately , the next day when I went to start my car all it did was click . Somehow between the time I plugged in the battery maintainer and the next day something had drained my battery . I leave it up to you to decide what that was .
 I had this thing sitting inside my car to keep my battery maintained . I live in Maryland , so I have four seasons . It worked for 11/2 years and then it failed . Voltage wo n't go over about 2.5 and will swing wildly . I called Sunforce , but they told me i have to pay for the shipping . Shipping was gon na cost me probably 6 bucks , so I said forget it . Not really worth my time to package it and ship it out.It gets super hot in the sun due to the black frame and closed environment of the case , especially if you use it inside your car . The heat probably damaged the cell interconnect somewhere . Not really recommended for inside the car use , even tho this is what most people would probably use it for .
 Definitely not waterproof for outdoor use.Solder connection to ground side of solar cell will not stay electrically connected.Does not meet my need for boat trolling motor battery charging.Worked for about a week , re-soldered the connection , but it quit again after another week.By that time I had thrown away the box and return shipping label , so will try to re-solder it again .
 It worked well while it lasted , but the panel housing could not take the heat from direct sunlight . It 's all warped and cracked now after about one week of use . For a product that 's meant to be used in direct sunlight it should be made to take the heat . I guess you pay for what you get . Solar panels do work , but I would look for a more durable product .
 I read reviews about this solar panel , and they talked about the weak soldering of the cord to the solar panel . In the face of the other reviews that praised its benefit , I decided to take my chances.This panel works fine , but if you do n't handle with care , it 'll stop functioning all at once , like mine.The bad thing about it is that it must be hidden from sunlight when the engine is ignited , otherwise , they 'll be really hot . May be they do n't have a protection circuit ... . I Think this should be taken care of in the design .
 The product would not put out enough current to help with the drain on my battery . I think I purchaced too small of a unit for my needs . May work well with a smaller type of battery , not on a car battery .
 Product is no good . Polarity of plug is wrong -LRB- center pin of lighter plug is negative instead of positive -RRB- . Even then the output is only .01 volt in full Texas sun . Save your money !
 The concept and packaging of this device is appealing . Unfortunately , after a minimal period of use , the wires broke off from the solar cell housing . -LRB- Easy to resolder , but I do n't want to risk starting a fire in the car -RRB- . Furthermore , the instructions tell you to always unplug the unit while the car is running , which is an annoyance and , I believe , hints at cheapo engineering . Avoid .
 after nearly 10 minutes of the blue LED light working -LRB- which I have to assume meant the product was actually working as well -RRB- it flickered and died . Came on one more time after i jostled the cord at the joint where it attaches to the unit . since they state that you need to check the voltage to see if it is working properly -LRB- since the LED light is THAT undependable -RRB- I had to then purchase a voltmeter to even see if the piece of crap was even working . SO , yes , I give this product and the experience one blessed star since it functions as well as broken product right out of the box.don ' t waste your money .
 I dont know how people can say that this thing works . The battery still discharged on my new car . Too weak for big car batteries . You will need at least 15 watts to make a real difference .
 I put the Sunforce 50012 inside my car 's windscreen and plugged it into the cigar lighter . -LRB- On this car the cigar lighter is `` live '' even when the ignition is off -RRB- . The Sunforce 50012 worked for one day . Next day it appeared dead -LRB- There is blue LED that blinks when it is working -RRB- . I picked it up , it started working , sat it down , it quite . Twisted it , it worked , then it did n't , then it did . The old intermitant -LRB- sp -RRB- connection problem . Basically it was shot , dead , kaput , trash it . Long story short , I fixed it by taking it apart and re-soldering components . I am smart and lucky with nothing better to do . 99.999 % of the users could not make this fix . So just forget about it . This thing is garbage .
 I put this battery charger on the dashboard of my car just like you are instructed.Within 3 days the frame warped and cracked open . I guess the sun is bad for it.Who would make a solar battery charger that ca n't take the heat and sun light?The charger feature still works but the frame is completely shot.I would not purchase again .
 This product functioned , but offered no description in the instructions as to what the blinking light means . Sometimes it was on solid , sometimes it blinked.The first time I drove in the car I hit a pot hole and it cracked the solar panel . Keep in mind , the item did not fall off the window . The suction cups held it , but somehow the jarring force cracked it . Now it only blinks intermittently and a voltage meter test confirms that it does n't charge reliably now . I gave it to my kid to play with.I would recommend looking for something a little sturdier unless you are going to take it out of your car before going anywhere .
 I 'm living in SG and decided to try it out on my Chevy Aveo.My gripe is there is no clearer instruction on how to use it apart from putting it together , plugging it to ciggy or direct . There 's no instruction whether do I need a ` live ' connection or not . If so , leaving my car keys on ON or ACC all the time when it 's plugged in and I 'm not near the car would pose some risks . Still unsure about the LED light , whether it means charging when blinking and lighted up or it means there 's sufficient light .
 When I discovered solar powered battery maintainers , it seemed like a great idea for the car . I invested in the Sunforce 50012 1.8-Watt Solar Battery Maintainer for my Chevrolet Impala and was diligent about plugging it in every time I parked my car outside my garage . That meant it was plugged in a minimum of 9 hours a day while I was at work.This became a routine for me for months until the day I could n't start my car . Worried it might be the battery , I hooked up my battery charger , which reported the battery only had a 70 % charge . I was stunned , since I never leave anything plugged into the cigarette lighter when the car is off with the excpetion of the Sunforce solar battery maintainer . I expected the charge to be closer to 100 % . As it turned out , the battery was not the issue with my car that day , but having seen the amount of charge in the battery , I realized that the Sunforce 50012 1.8-Watt Solar Battery Maintainer was n't doing a bit of good for my car 's battery and was way more trouble than it was worth . It now sits in a box in my garage.I would NOT recommend the Sunforce 50012 1.8-Watt Solar Battery Maintainer to anyone .
 I bought this in the hopes that I could keep my boat battery charged -- until I read the fine print -- which said do not use outdoors . So I sealed up the unit real good with silicone -- but it stopped working at some point after less than 8 weeks of use .
 The first purchased item had broken solar glass . It was exchanged to the 2nd . one.The 2nd . one had reliability problem.After few days using , it broke down . No electricity no more generated.The item would be lemon .
 Wish it did n't die so soon . It 's going back to Amazon.com . It does come with a 5-year warranty though , if that means anything .
 I 've had this for less than two days and this thing has started to deform from the heat of the sun -LRB- melted -RRB- . its not supposed to be used while the car is on -LRB- would have been nice to know before i got it -RRB- . Also it 's illegal to use it in your front window as shown in the picture while driving . im going to try to use it to keep my battery booster boxes charged . This panel ca n't be used outside ... so if its illegal to use it in my car , and ca n't charge a battery outside in the sun i ca n't think of many ways to use this -LRB- in a garage with a big sunroof maybe -RRB- . After using this product my system 's capacitor has stopped working .
 I just do n't think 1.8 is a lot for the money . I would expect at least 5 watts before I would consider buying this .
 The blue light just stays ON when hooked up to a battery -LRB- with alligator clamps , not cig lighter adapter -RRB- . It stays ON whether the solar panels are exposed to light or not ... and I 'm not sure what it 's doing to the battery.Measured the voltage coming out of it in sunlight - was ~ 20V ... fineChecked current going to battery - was ~ 45mA ... also fineCovered the solar panel from sunlight with cardboard and : * Voltage dropped to 14V * Current dropped to ~ 2.5 mAThe above corresponds to 35mW which is prolly about enough power for the LED.I have no reason to believe that this is not coming out of the battery!I called SunForce and was told that the LED indicates `` availability of ambient light '' . When I asked how come the LED stays lit even when the solar panel is fully covered , he goes `` how could you possibly cover the solar panel fully without covering the LED itself '' ... To the question `` why does it stay ON most of the time and blink some of the time '' I was told that is `` expected behavior '' . Very condescending!And I still have no logical reason to believe that the 35mW is not coming out of the battery!Initially was very happy about being able to use a `` green '' solution and all ... but the company attitude kinda killed it for me ... It 's prolly a good idea to disconnect the panel when there 's no sunlight .
 Bought it a couple of months back since my car is hardly used -LRB- just once a month or so -RRB- . Kept it plugged in and exposed to sunlight which is good and strong in California.But the current is too low to maintain a modern car battery -LRB- since nowadays lots of electronic things are sucking power continuously such as alarm , clock , engine diagnostics etc -RRB- . So the purpose of buying this was defeated and battery died as expected . So for cars / trucks kept for a long time without starting -LRB- say a month -RRB- instead of this , either buy a battery maintainer connected to the mains or a jump battery , both of which retails from $ 40 onwards . Do n't waste money on this toy .
 I had to repair this item by resoldering all the connections inside it after two days of use . Basically this rendered to less than zero value to me since it now cost me 4 hours of install time repair time , in addition to its initial cost .
 I have placed the solar maintainer directly to the battery as well as thru the lighter . My battery continues to drain , I have it on a vehicle I only use one every week or two . There are also no instructions about the blue LED . As soon as you plug it in or clip it on it turns solid blue . Does this mean that it is using the battery ? Oh well , buyer beware .
 I tried this panel to maintain the old battery in my corolla that I just ended up replacing due to its inadequate performance in the cold weather . I was hoping this panel would delay my having to do this , but after trying this device it seemed to not only not work , but it may have drained my battery . Plugging into the 12v socket was not an option for me because apparently Japanese cars do n't send power to or from the battery when there is no key in the ignition . I had to use the alligator clamps and maybe the connection was n't right , but it was difficult to connect it right unless the clamps were pointing straight up -LRB- getting in the way of the hood when closed -RRB- . So I 'm no authority on whether or not this panel will work for other cars -LRB- according to other reviews it does -RRB- , but this product was not right for my car . Fortunately , Amazon authorized my return very quickly and I was able to easily track the prompt shipping updates .
 It does n't work at all for me . I 've been trying to use it on a Volvo S60 .
 I purchased 5 of these hoping they 'd work as a cheap alternative to the more expensive solar chargers/maintainers . That was partly true ; two of the five did but the other three all died within a month . Unfortunately this company -LRB- based in Canada -RRB- does n't offer any support or warranty , contrary to what they advertise . Very poor quality and no support .
 This product simply did not work . I plugged it into an `` always on '' auxiliary outlet in my Chrysler Town and Country . The car sat outside over the winter at my summer house with the panel exposed to the sun on the dash . The blue light was still on when I returned in April , and I checked that the panel was still producing electricity -LRB- tongue test , ouch ! -RRB- . However , the car battery was completely dead -LRB- no lights , nothing -RRB- . I was able to start the car using jumper cables from another vehicle . After an hour of driving/charging , the battery held its charge and started the engine just fine .
 I used this for my 7 year old battery that has trouble in the winter . The charger never worked for me . I think my battery was just too close to expiration . But I still have it I may test it on something else and update this review .
 I bought this to maintain the battery on my riding lawn mower over the winter . It quit working in less than a week .
 this product does n't work very well would not kept my car battery from running downluckly it was not expenseive
 When ordering , I did n't realize how small this is . I can not see my whole face in it , no matter what . If I had a back seat , then , maybe I could from there . I do n't , though . Although I 've used the light a few times instead of turning on the overhead light , it does n't really illuminate my face enough to use the mirror . Just enough to find my phone in the dark so that the screen gives me a brighter light.It 's pretty thick , as well . It would not clip onto the hinge side of the visor in my CRX . Instead , it clips on the outside edge so that , when the visor is straight down , the mirror is on the end near the floor , not the ceiling . I find myself , still , turning the rear view toward me instead of using this tiny visor mirror . Not very good .
 The quality is ok , but it did not fit the visor on my 2011 Chevy Cruze :-LRB- Also , the light could be a bit brighter , seems dim for a lighted mirror .
 Does n't fit my visor . Ca n't use it for what it was made for . Kind of a waste of money . And watch out for the metal clips - those things will scratch you like crazy ! Worse than a paper cut , that 's for sure !
 I received the mirrors -LRB- I ordered two -RRB- in the mail and was not happy with the quality of the product . The door hangs open a bit and the mirrors do not fit properly . I plan on returning them .
 Installed in truck and in 6 months the tank on one side is leaking . Could have saved $ 120 by buying one with plastic tanks ... wish I had now , at least I would have expected this kind of problem .
 Box says Made in USA , but the bearing says CHINA . The `` new '' chinese bearing was already leaking when it was taken out of the box . Save yourself the time and expense of having to redo your work in a few months . Avoid Dayco No Slack/No Truth Pulleys with their chinese bearings . Dayco is no longer a `` name brand '' or American made !
 This unit is very poor quality . Does not mount flush on the floor , cup holders are to shallow to hold drinks . No security ; can be easily opened without a key by pushing the console top sideways . Poor fit . Vinyl install is wrinkled . I returned it .
 Looks good , fits well , comfortable ... Would be perfect excecpt the cup holders suck ! None of the 4 cupholders will hold anything including bottled water or any size -LRB- big or small -RRB- cups . The slightest turn and they tumble right out .
 After this purchase I found a -LRB- full set -RRB- for nearly the same price of this - one - item . Unfortunately it was not sold through Amazon . And about a year later , I found a single like this for half the price . Yes it works and lasted about a year before it had to be replaced again .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 This filter does not fit the 2007 nissan altima hybrid as advertised . It is the wrong shape & size ... Nissan Hybrid air filter is : http://www.amazon.com/Fram-CA10349-Extra-Guard-Filter/dp/B002QGZZV0/ref=pd_sbs_auto_2
 Fram was once a respected brand in the auto industry . -LRB- they invented replaceable oil filter in the mid 1930 's -RRB- But over the last decade the quality has continued to decline . Since Rand group has purchased Fram and Champion labs manufacturing is now mostly overseas in China . Purolator is the one of a few maufacters left making filters in this country.Fram has stopped being a quality brand . They are now just a brand trading on the old Fram name . You are really not getting what you pay for especially in the higher price filter . They are selling mediocre quality at high end prices . Come on people pay some attention to the products we are purchasing.It is so easy to research on the internet . Stop buying junk from China at inflated retail prices . Your engine will thank you . I been in the industry more than 30 years . Fram products are not marketed to professional mechanics but the Do It Yourself folks . Why ? Because the pros know the difference . It really wo n't cost any more to buy a quality product so stop buying junk from overseas .
 Does not fit my truck , wast of time and money , not worth sending back so i just threw away my money for nothing , thanks a lot !
 The filter arrived quickly , correct part number according to Amazon 's guidance , but it did not fit . Amazon 's part finder had the year , make , model , and engine size of my truck , but it pointed me in the wrong direction . I 'm happy about Amazon 's easy return policy , and happy that the guys at my corner parts store had the correct filter in stock .
 Fram is trash . I have removed several fram products that were brand new and their removal and replacement with a WIX product fixed a drivability issue . please save yourself the trouble and get a WIX product like NAPA or well WIX .
 I was misled by Amazon . This filter does not fit a 2007 , 4cyl , 2.5 L , Nissan Altima and unfortunately it is now past the return date .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 This item is useless . Tried it once-no suction as it is made very badly and went straight in the trash .
 if you want to use it to pull dents get something else . this would probably work if you have a really thin door panel with no crease in the dent . otherwise it 's just a red handled plastic doodad that makes a plop sound when you stick it to your car and pull it away .
 low quality product would not trust it to hold onto anything of value can not recommend this product to anyone at all .
 I agree with the other comments , nice red decoration.Could modify the handle to hold/hang towels in your bath area though .
 This is the most worthless tool I have ever purchased . Sad really ... we ca n't seem to find a solution for what to do with the world 's trash , yet companies are allowed to sell items like this that literally are n't worth returning so they hit the trash within minutes of the package being opened . I had a large dent that had a nice flat surface and I could n't get enough suction with this thing to even create a pop . I cleaned the area and then added water to no avail . I could detach it with one finger due to the lack of suction . Save your time , money and the earth by letting the Bondo company figure out how to dispose of this piece of trash .
 Visually , the quality of the Dorman 615-175 intake 's material and workmanship seems to be better than the Ford stock intake on my 2001 Mustang GT . The Dorman intake uses an aluminum crossover as opposed to the unreliable plastic crossover on the Ford stock intake -LRB- Ford corrected this problem in 2002 -RRB- . The Dorman intake also uses integrated O-rings instead of traditional gaskets , which simplifies installation and probably improves reliability -LRB- traditional gaskets is that they have a tendency to trap coolant between the gasket and aluminum cylinder head on the Ford 4.6 liter engine . Over time , trapped coolant can eat away the aluminum -RRB- . Although installation required many steps , it was straightforward . I purged the fuel pump , disconnected the battery , drained the radiator , and removed the following
 The stitching is really weak - they just kept tearing out at all the seams . Save your money and buy a different brand . Amazon was no picnic to deal with when it came to retuning them either . bad experience over all .
 This product did not meet my exceptions . Sent it back for a replacement and the replacement was worse . Did not fit the seats.Just not good .
 I had been working with warn on repairing my winch because even though I had had it for some time it was only the second time I had used the winch that these parts bent on mine and it was useless . They wouldnt stand behind it stating it only had a 1 year warranty on deffective parts even though the other winches they sell have supposedly a lifetime warranty on defects . I know beyond a shadow of doubt that this winch was deffective in design but couldnt get anywhere with them so I ordered this kit when it arived I found out it also required me to purchase an upgraded geartrain kit to put it on my warn works winch.the gearkit costs over $ 300 and i would have to spend about 50 percent more than a new model would have cost to try to fix my deffective model . What a joke I wont be buying warn products anymore due to the responce i got from their customer service.Amazon was great about taking it back I just wish the product had a note with it that you may have to order the geartrain kit for it as well .
 This item was the wrong part because the part number had been assigned incorrectly . If the part numbers in the database are wrong there is no way to order the correct part .
 This was for replacing the lower ball joint of my 93 Nissan pickup with 205k miles . Since it was fairly cheap to buy this lower control arm with the ball joint already installed , I thought this was a good idea . WRONG ! At least one hole was about 5 mm off in position where the torsion bar mounts . After working two full weekends on my front suspension , I drilled out the hole rather than trying to return this online and wait for a new part . After I got everything installed and took it to get aligned , the chamber was off by more than one degree -LRB- the top of the wheel was leaning away from the car -RRB- on both sides . Since the only chamber adjustment is to add shims to the upper control arm , which makes my chamber even worse . And , there were no shims present to remove . My only conclusion is that these lower control arms were made a bit shorter than my original stock control arms . Be aware of improper fit with this brand . I guess you do get lower quality when you buy the cheaper brands .
 I read all the reviews seeing how good this ice scraper is . so I bought it and use it on my car twice . I noticed my windshield had long thin scratches on it . I hope they are not deep enough to crack it in the future . Not recommended using this on any vehicle . Careful with metal on glass . I was stupid and damaged my car . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Though the scraper works great , I found that , after a few uses , my windshield was covered with tiny horizontal scratches that are only visible from the inside of the car -- especially when there is direct sunlight on the windshield . Though I always held the scraper correctly -LRB- i.e. , I did not dig the corners of the blade into the ice and/or glass -RRB- , perhaps I applied too much pressure as I was scraping . Whatever the reason , I now have a windshield that is covered with tiny scratches .
 This scraper is tiny . I think a picture of it in someones hand would would properly identify it 's true length . I am sure it 's a lot better than using a credit card and I will find that out tomorrow morning .
 I bought this after I moved to Nebraska to use on the thick ice that formed on my car windshield . This worked great for the first 2-3 weeks I had it . Cleared off ice that any other tool I have used before could not . Then the last couple weeks I noticed small scratches on my window only visible from the inside . After a few more days it was getting worse and worse and I realized this scraper was puting fine horizontal scratches in my window whenever I put pressure on it to scrape off the ice.Stick with the plastic ones . They may not get all the ice off your windshield but at least they wo n't scratch it up .
 This tool is a good scraper but after a while your wind shield will be scratched !!! I threw this scraper away after few times .
 I moved from sunny , southern California to central Illinois . I have learned a lot about `` seasons '' and how to prepare for `` weather . '' One thing I was told I needed to acquire was an ice scraper . No problem ! One quick Amazon search later and I found one that had `` Fantastic '' IN THE NAME!Boom . Done.Some of my friends who grew up in snowy climates actually laughed when they looked at the scraper . OK , fine , maybe it 's small , but that does n't mean it 's not mighty . Right ?! Well , that may be true , but in this case ... it 's a joke . I imagine the people raving about this product do n't deal with much more than a light frost . This ice scraper is pretty flimsy and not particularly effective . The blade actually BENT when I was trying to get ice off my windshield . The blade BENT . I do n't think that 's supposed to happen . I ended up throwing it away after that .
 My headline says it all . I have a brass ice scraper that I bought 15 years ago . I felt like it was time to replace it . What a bummer to see this weak , little scraper . Disappointed is how I feel .
 I was disappointed , going by the original picture I saw when ordering this , I thought it was going to be bigger and more sturdy . It 's flimsy and tiny to hold onto but at least it does have a real brass scraping edge .
 It 's tiny , the blade and handle are much shorter than any other ice scraper on the market . Also the handle has no bend to it like any other ice scraper you buy , it is thin , straight and short . I was embarrased to give it away as a present to my sister in law . If you are going to buy in bulk from China spend a couple more pennies and give people something that they can dig into the ice with .
 Cheap flimsy handle . The metal blade doese n't scrape very well . Overall I prefer a beer can or and expired TGI Friday gift card over this ice scraper . This thing is a piece of junk .
 I live in NW Indiana near chicago . Tried it out on my iced over car and could not get any ice removed from my windows with it . Sadly disappointed .
 Item was completely broken and appeared used even though when I purchased it was advertised as `` new '' customer service rude and non helpful.Have been using Amazon for years but this has changed my mind . Was a large expensive item and ended up having to pay to send back ... Lesson learned !
 I tried opening oil filter on two toyota cars . Camry and Rav4 . The specs says it Fits oils filters from 23/16 '' . This is wrong , the minimum is 21/2 '' , so it wont fit the small filters of toyota 2.4 L engines.If you have a bigger filter , the product is well built .
 I 've learned the hard way ... . These do not allow air to flow in the same way as the Toyota filter . After a few months , the `` check engine '' light came on , and the code led to the air filter . The replacement filter was an extra 10 dollars , but the diagnostic check by the dealer cost 79 dollars more . Most expensive air filter I 've ever bought -- three years ago.Stupidly , when having my oil changed recently at a Firestone dealer , they told me the air filter needed to be replaced -- `` go ahead '' -- and another Fram air filter placed -LRB- I forgot ... -RRB- Two months later the check engine light is again on , same code and another expensive air filter replacementAt least for a 2000 Avalon , be careful with this one .
 The blue fibers from the head accumulated on my dash more than dust . The twisted metal wire is exposed on the end and scratched my LCD screen . I am calling the manufacturer , this should be taken off the shelves .
 This item scratched the plastic facing on my instrument cluster during the first use !
 I understand that this bumpersticker is intended as a humorous rebuttal to the annoying `` Baby on Board '' signs . However , this bumpersticker conjures up a horrific image of child abuse . There are plenty of horrific news stories of child abuse and neglect , without having to conjure up heartbreaking imagery . As I write this , I remember the heartbroken bereaved father sobbing his eyes out on the Oprah show because he accidently left his infant in a car seat on a hot day . How would he feel if he were behind a car sporting this sticker ? I gave this sticker a 2nd star to acknowledge the humor , sick though it is . But I would hope people would pass on purchasing this sticker .
 Very little care appears to have been put into this product . The first time I unrolled it to test it out , the cap on one end sprung off , so I right away had to spend a few minutes putting it back together . It 's simple but a bit intricate - the first time I put it on backwards , since there 's no easy way to tell , and it 's harder to open up than close . Then I started putting it in my window , and it would invariably pop off within a few minutes even when the car is stopped . Sometimes when it falls , it springs apart again , too . Strong , direct sunlight definitely makes it pop off quicker , and since blocking the intense California heat is exactly what I bought it for , I 'd say it 's a failure .
 The shade material is terrible quality and was `` pockmarked '' upon opening . It tore after very little contact . The bottom suction cup holder was on backwards , and the suction cup does n't even work . Do not buy this product !
 This sun shade was much too small for the area I needed . It would have been beneficial if the size was made available before I purchased it . Also , it was extremely difficult to unroll . Not worth buying .
 Do n't fall for the old `` The 50022 features a built-in ultra-bright blue LED charging indicator '' as it 's not true . Sunforce Products says to use a voltmeter in their instructions . I 'm going to spend $ 40 - $ 300 on a voltmeter ? Not me . Also the gal at Sunforce Products did n't know her stuff . She tried to tell me she was a tech . If that 's their best I could snow her in 2 seconds . Amazon , where do you find these people ? I 'm not so stupid as to buy something and ignore false advertising . Books and DVDs ok . Something else I 'll go somewhere else .
 The product itself is great . I own several . They used to work wonderfully , but my newer cars disconnect the lighter socket when they are not running . Therefore , the charger does n't do anything . Yes , I could get the lighter socket rewired . The thing I loved about this was how easy it was . Taking my car in to be rewired to use it is not what I consider easy.Great Product . Lousy new cars .
 does n't work , it 's a piece of crap . no led indicator to show whether it works or not either ! what a scam
 THEY DO N'T TELL YOU THAT IT DRAINS THE BATTERY IF YOU LEAVE IT CONNECTED WHEN THE SUN STARTS TO FADE . IT 'S ONLY GOOD WHEN THE SUN IS AT ITS PEAK THEN THE BATTERY WILL START DRAINING AS THE SUN GOES DOWN . . EVEN ONE STAR IS TOO MUCH BUT AT LEAST IT ARRIVED ON TIME SO ONE STAR .
 I bought this because my car battery kept dying . I installed in inside my car with the solar batter facing out my back window . It did n't help . After two weeks my car battery died again and the Sunforce Trickle Charger did n't help . So I ca n't recommend this product .
 Hey Amazon ! Did you happen to notice this item is mostly a piece of glass ? Why was it sent to me without proper packaging ? I 'm pretty sure Sunforce sent these units to Amazon in a properly protected box . Why not do the same for your customers.I hope the new one I receive is not damaged.I ca n't give any stars at this time , since I do n't know if the product works or not . : -LRB-
 wo n't even turn a 12v dc fan in direct sunlight . Put a 9v battery on th fan and it tries to take off .
 The product 's frame BUCKLED when I placed it in the rear window of my car on a sunny day ... I recently bought this item , and was trying to use the item to maintain the battery in my vehicle . So , I plugged the item in my cigarette lighter , and placed the item in my rear window . When I checked on the solar collector , after a day in the sun , I discovered that the plastic frame had buckled -LRB- i.e. severely warped -RRB- , I assume from the heat of the day . This occurred after 1 day , and the high for the day was about 85-90oF . I think my experience with this product is ridiculous . The item is advertised to maintain your vehicle 's battery , and the charger comes with a cigarette lighter . Furthermore , the item is a solar cell , so the item would be expected to be placed in a sunny location . So , of course , it would be expected that the plastic frame would be able to withstand the heat of the rear window of a vehicle . But , as I found out the product failed at it 's expected function of withstanding the heat of a rear window of a vehicle during a sunny day.From my memory of watching the Mythbusters , and numerous news articles about the internal temperature of vehicles , the temperature of the interior of a vehicle does not exceed 200oF . Furthermore , from my memory of numerous plastic cooking utensils , numerous plastics are able to withstand upto 350oF , or more . Therefore , my conclusion is that the plastic selection for the frame is due to negligent manufacturing .
 First , there is no way to know whether this model is properly hooked up unless you happen to own a voltmeter.Second , there are no instructions showing you how to hook it up to the battery . The clamps came off the battery , but I think I just did n't do it right and when I laid them a different way they looked fine.BUT - the plastic casing melted when I left the unit on the dashboard ! Hello - this is a solar battery but it ca n't be left in the sun?So disappointed because it got so many good reviews but I am returning it . I have left my car the same way under similar weather conditions for over 10 years , and I can guarantee you that the car never gets near the 175 degree maximum temperature rating in the instructions , which do not , by the way , suggest cracking the windows.I am returning it - my battery is now totally dead and I ca n't see keeping something which has started to melt after 2 weeks on the dashboard .
 Did n't work for me . I plugged it in and let it sit in a spot where it gets sun from 12-6pm and since I live in LA , it 's sunny everyday . At first , I thought the product was working fine so I left town for a bit . While gone I injured my shoulder and have had to leave the bike there for 2 months , the whole time thinking , `` At least it 's charging , so I do n't have to worry about the battery . '' However , went to start it today and nothing . Computer did n't turn on , no lights , totally dead . And since it 's been a while , I ca n't return it . I had a Battery Tender -LRB- non solar powered -RRB- before and that worked like a charm . I talked to my new landlord and he 's letting me plug in the old Battery Tender into his power outlet . This solar powered piece of junk is going in the trash .
 sent unit back as the glass on the unit was broken when I opened package . Decided to ask for money back as I thought the unit would be to fragile for use !
 this panel was packaged poorly and the glass was broken on both sides when we opened it . I did try it and measured with a volt meter it puts out zero voltage so it was DOA
 I bought this charger for my wife 's Honda Civic . She parks her car in the employee lot at LAX airport when we travel internationally . It was in the parking lot on this charger for 3 weeks , and the car battery was dead when she returned after the trip.You 'd think sunny SoCal would be a good location to use this product , but it did not work for us .
 I had hoped to save the battery in my truck , it uses a lot of gas so I do n't drive it often enough to keep the battery charged . This charger did not do that for me .
 I have a 2007 Toyota FJ Cruiser , the factory outlets are off when the ignition is off . I have added my own outlets that are always on , like most American branded vehicles . I installed this device into my 12v outlet , left my FJ for 5 days -LRB- as usual -RRB- and it completely drained my new battery . The battery was so depleted that the dome lights and the power locks did not work ; this battery was only 1 month old and working great . I do n't know if this was a defective unit or an issue with my vehicle , the manufacture did not return my voice mail , nor did they answer the phone . I have returned this product and currently waiting for my refund from Amazon .
 I got my panel in September , connected it to my boat at it kept the battery charged all winter . I took the boat out twice in May and the battery was strong , but when I took it out in the first week of June it was dead . Got the jumper cables started the boat , ran it for 10minutes , shut it off and started back up with no problem . We went up the river for 20 minutes and I decided to plug in the charger to make sure the battery stays charged , but 3 hours later battery was completely drained . When we got home I charged the boat battery again by connecting it to my truck battery for 15 minutes and did not plug in the solar charger afterwards . The next day the boar started right up which leads me to believe that the solar charger was draining the battery . The solar charger looks like it is well made , rugged and water proof and it did it 's job for about 9 month ... not long enough in my opinion .
 This solar `` charger '' did nothing but drain my car battery . Was left in direct sunlight at all times and only to return to a dead battery one week later . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this product because I had to leave the country for 2 months , and did n't have anyone to drive my car . When I returned , this productfailed to keep the charge on my battery . I ended up having to get the battery replaced -LRB- completely died -RRB- for $ 200 . I can not recommend this product , its a waste of money . Do not buy .
 I order this product once and it arrived inside its own manufacturing packaging box surrounding a clamshell plastic packing , and that inside an Amazon box with a little bit of crumpled paper around it . When I opened it up , the glass was shattered . So I returned it and had them ship me another one . That package arrived without any Amazon packaging and just the thin cardboard box around the clamshell plastic . Again , shattered . It may be a great product , but if they ca n't get it to you in one piece , what 's the use . I will never know . I returned the second one and I have ordered something else from another manufacturer . Hopefully that will arrive in one piece .
 the casing was cracked the cord was cut and the battery connectors wre missing . the unit does not put out power . the glass was even cracked . nothing was right .
 I bought this solar charger for my car that I do not use as a daily driver . I hooked it up to the battery and within 2 days it drained the battery to almost dead . I thought ... this may have nothing to do with this solar charger , so I tried it on my Jeep Wrangler battery and it drained all of the juice from it 's battery in a few days also . Worthless product ... ripoff .
 I discovered after opening and testing it ; the equipment is supposed to produce 12V output . However , it produces 24V , which is also indicated in the back label , but not in the manual . What to do?Quality seems to be good , but it does not work with the rest of the equipment I purchased .
 The 5 watt charger did n't cut it - plus , it does not have an electronic battery monitor ; so in essence it domes not charge the battery at all . Ended up buying a 15W charger and that works beautifully .
 Received this product from Amazon within 1 day , but it showed up broken . The packaging is not suitable to protect the glass during standard shipping . Without an opportunity to actually use this product , the quality of the plastic frame and dc connections were very poor quality . I would not purchase this product again , despite all the reviews .
 If you look at the user-submitted picture you can catch what I am talking about -LRB- that is another user 's pic btw -RRB- . But first , the ball-bearings are blocked from gripping onto the fitting it was DESIGNED FOR . Second , it is the wrong item , does n't match the picture what so ever , no anodized ring , the flare is one piece machined out of the hex top , and hi-side , low-side is a sticker that is the wrong size . Third , they did n't even finish machining it ! There is no hole for the gas to pass through ! COMPLETELY non-functional ! They are paper weights ! Amazon ! Take these off immediately ! This is crap I would expect from EBAY !
 The high side adapter does not open properly to the high side tap on VW vehicles . Unaware of the problem at first , false readings led to over pressuring of the high side and consequently blowing a $ 400 . compressor . The moral of the story is , `` cheap is never better . '' Do n't buy junk made in China .
 i bought these to convert to r134a but the quality of these things suck . when trying to use the quick connect it does n't work because the piece on the inside is too long and blocks the quick connect ball bearings to not retract all the way .
 Ordered these couplers from Amazon and they lasted thru three charges . Now bearings are defective on both couplers allowing freon to escape and total loss of refrigerant ! Poor quality and construction !
 They are NOT 8 ball style couplers , they are only 6 ball style couplers and are pron to leak . Do n't buy from The Price Pro 's !!!
 The only reason that I gave these 1 star , is that I could n't give them 0 stars . While they physically snapped on the connectors , they did n't open the valves . My experience was on a 1996 Ford F150 . The connectors on the Harbor Freight Gauge Set -LRB- which I then went out and bought -RRB- -LRB- I 'm not a fan of harbor freight , either -RRB- worked correctly .
 I bought these to use with my R-12 manifold in hopes of being able to swap between using the manifold for R-12 and R-134a . However , you have to remove the valve stem from the R-12 hose as this adapter will not release the stem . Not a quick swap as I thought it would be . Beyond that problem , they appear to be of good quality and do work . I just wish it would have been better described .
 Mountain parts MTN8401 and MTN8201 just arrived . Do n't buy these fittings . Among the four fittings , every flare face is damaged and scarred . Brass is a soft metal and easy to nick . It is beyond me to understand how otherwise well-make brass fittings could be mishandled -LRB- like thrown in a bin during fabrication -RRB- when scarring the flare face renders the part useless . Why the flare face matters is because high and low pressure access valves are often used in long term leak down tests . Leaking through nicked up flare faces renders the fitting useless . Are these ` factory rejects ' being sold by Amazon ? Are these fittings Chinese rejects dumped into US Market ? I am not sure what I will do about returning these worthless fittings to Amazon . Obviously I can not rely on these fittings when dealing with expensive refrigerants .
 This sticker is insensitive to all who love cats or have known the heartbreak of losing a beloved companion animal . It 's even offensive to those who do n't particularly like cats , but do n't believe they should be harmed . Slap this one on your bumper and many folks will think you 're an insensitive jerk .
 When I received my package , it was something totally the opposite of what I purchased . The item I received does n't come close to the item that I purchased .
 Although Amazon 's `` Make Sure It Fits '' chart indicates it fits my vehicle , it does n't !! This looks like a better filter than the OEM filter , sure wish it fit !!
 I 'm very disappointed as well . This does not fit my vehicle even though I used Amazon 's make sure it fits .
 When I ordered two of these air cleaners , I confirmed that they were correct to fit my vehicle . Using Amazon 's `` make sure it fits '' is incorrect.Now that its to late to return them I 'm stuck.Fram CA7597 Rigid Panel Air Filter
 the title says `` foot pegs '' - plural . I received one . Also , the product image shows the aluminum piece + bolt that mounts to the bike . those were not included . Basically , the black aluminum piece is all you get , and you get one .
 Dead on arrival . The low side gauge would not read any pressure and the plastic cover had popped off on the high side gauge during shipping . This product looks like some of the cheap stuff sold at Harbor Freight with a name that makes it appear that you are getting an American product . The Master Cool gauges are made in the U.S.A and at $ 20 more are a really good deal .
 I got sucked in by the picture as I needed an R134 set for the house with 1/4 '' female-female connections . Though the pic shows that , these DO NOT come that way - they come with 1/2SAE MALE-14mm female or some such . AND the manifold is straight not angled like the picture . Does it matter ? If you are doing only auto work , these are fine , and yes I 'll be doing that . But , if you want to double dip on some home a/c or refrigeration , its a non-starter . For me , I 'll eat the cost -LRB- not going to do shipping x3 -RRB- and switch the gauges to my R12/22 manifold with 1/4 -1 / 4 hoses and switch them back for any automotive applications . 1star for product mis-representation .
 I got this gauge and the problem was the same the picture is different than the actual item . so I send it back with guarantee shipping but never saw my money back .
 This has different hoses than what re pictured . because of this they will not connect to regular home AC systems . You can see other reviews say the same thing . I asked Amazon to change their picture .
 I INSTALLED TWO OF THESE ON MY 1999 PLYMOUTH PROWLER TODAY 3-10-2012 THEY DO NOT WORK , WILL NOT HOLD HOOD UP OR EVEN HELP LIFT IT . DO NOT ORDER THESE PRODUCTS . I AM RETURNING TO AMAZON.COM FOR FULL CREDIT.STRUTS BAD , AMAZON GREAT.THANKS , GARY
 I ordered and installed this part a year ago -LRB- Dec 2011 -RRB- . It was n't the same size as the original part I was replacing -LRB- too small -RRB- , but my mechanic made it fit using an extra large bolt.Then , after about a month , it started rusting . My mechanic assured me that was normal enough , even though the original part was n't rusted when it broke -LRB- after 10 years of service -RRB- . Today , less than a year later , the weld that holds the upper attachment to the muffler strap -LRB- visible in the product picture -RRB- just broke . So now I have to choose between waiting for my mechanic to find a reputable part , or fast-order this questionable one from Amazon and hope it lasts longer.I suggest you use this item as a last resort .
 Product arrived on time , but it was the wrong shape , triangle instead of oval . Had to work the metal into shape to make it usable , but even then , the bolt it came with was too short -LRB- or the metal strap was too short -RRB- . Using a longer bolt , this product did eventually do the job . Wish I 'd paid more for a part that worked right out of the box .
 ** Updated review at the end ** My Buick Lesabre lost 2 cylinders of spark while my wife was on her way home from work . She limped it to a parking lot and called me to save her . I was able to identify the 2 cylinders , and disconnected the power to those 2 fuel injectors so no fuel would be pumped to those 2 cylinders , and drove it home on the remaining 4 cylinders . Since both cylinders that were out were from the same coil pack -LRB- each coil pack fires 2 cylinders -RRB- I quickly assumed a coil pack was bad , and bought one on the way home to install . Needless to say my diagnosis was hasty , and after I installed the new coil pack I still had no spark . Somewhat in disbelief I switched 2 coil packs around to see if the no spark would follow the coil pack or stay with the cylinders . It indeed did not follow the coil pack , and I should have done this test first before buying any parts . Lesson learned , and a tip to share with all of you . Luckily I was able to return the coil pack without a problem.So I was off to the internet to figure out the next likely cause , and while many possible causes are listed on the internet , the only one that really made sense was the ignition control module -LRB- ICM -RRB- being bad , however rare many claim this problem to be . I found a suggestion to measure the resistance of the contacts on the module that powers each of the 3 coils . Indeed the resistance of the location that was not firing was significantly different than the other 2 that were still working fine . -LRB- I regret forgetting what the measurement was , but I assure you it was obvious it had died -RRB- . This was about the extent of the troubleshooting help I could find regarding the ICM , so I took the chance and ordered one based on this resistance reading and my previous troubleshooting of switching known good coils to the problem location.I am happy to report this ICM did the trick , and has been working great now for about 5,000 miles and counting . Hopefully my experience will help someone else troubleshoot a similar condition , and hopefully you did not needlessly buy a coil pack too.EDIT
 Wasnt what the picture showed it to be , will not buy anything for just the view from a picture it was very miss leading . Will not be doing any kind of business with this kind of miss leading ad .
 Why spend $ 43.00 on Jim 's spring compression tool nut when you can buy barnetts sping compression tool nut , and diaphragm which you will need to complete the tool and job for $ 40.00 total . Jims wants an additional $ 60 plus for the diaphragm . Do the math.Barrett 's tool worked beautifully . Thanks Barnett great tool , great price !!!
 I bought this for my 2002 Saturn SL and it does not fit . It 's made for a much smaller muffler , the one that people have since been using to replace the original muffler . Only a good while after I bought the part , the seller put up a note that it is `` required with muffler , will not fit on OE muffler . '' Well , this note would have been helpful when I bought the part , which turned out to be a waste of money and time .
 Ok , so I invested in a sunforce solar panel and the panel works fine although it 's larger and heavier than I initially thought , but the charge control somehow came preassembled with the WRONG connectors ! Now I 'll have to spend another 30 $ + on a GSM CYC-SOLC10A 10 AMP Solar Charge Controller to get things going ! All I wanted to do was hook the 12vt connector to my cigarrette lighter socket to charge when not in use to keep the battery topped off . Now I got ta wait yet another two weeks!EDIT : After purchasing the better charge controller I now have a fully topped off battery that runs notably a LOT better this winter . It has definately saved me a trip to buy another car battery . So the solar panel has nearly paid for itself after a single charge ! But it still puzzles me as to why mine came pre-assembled with the wrong stuff .
 I bought this wind turbine from them that cost me a whopping 650 dollars . it spun fast but produced little to no energy . They said that my wind speeds were n't fast enough . I say they ripped me off . I could n't return it because it took me awhile to install it and troubleshoot it .
 This unit is simply an electronic switch , it is either on or off . The problem with that is that when it is on the full force of a high current is applied to the battery and if the battery is almost charged the battery voltage quickly rises to the cut-off voltage -LRB- 14.2 v -RRB- . When current is cut off the battery voltage quickly falls to the turn on voltage -LRB- 13.1 v -RRB- , and the unit turns the current on again . This can happen several times a minute when the current is high and the battery is almost charged . Also , in operating this way , the battery never gets fully charged , which requires a small constant current.I strongly recommend that anyone considering this unit spend another $ 10 and buy the vastly superior HQRP 10Amp controller or something similar which controls the amount of current , rather than just switching current on or off .
 As a few others have posted , in here , the quality control on this Chinese unit is poor . The wiring on my unit was reversed . Once I set things right , the unit worked correctly for about four months before complete failure . My battery died in the bargain , due to the unit failure that allowed my battery to drain completely with no load on it except this unit and the solar panel . I 'll try one more and then update this review . Update
 This should be called a charge limiter , not a charge controller , as it will limit your batteries from ever charging up fully , thus never over charging!To fully charge -LRB- beyond ~ 80 % -RRB- a lead acid battery you need to have it trickle charged at `` float '' level -LRB- 13.8 v , temperature compensated -RRB- for many hours after completing the bulk absorbtion phase -LRB- indicated when the battery first reaches 14.2 v -RRB- . This charger will let the battery go up to 14.2 , and then shuts off . If you do not have any phantom loads on the battery it can take an hour or more for the surface charge to drop below 13v and re-engage the charger.The charge profile when your batteries are above ~ 80 % charge looks like
 It worked fine for 2 weeks , then it just died . I 'm disappointed and will return it for credit , and purchase another brand . My panel is working , it 's the controller for sure.It 's frustrating when you buy something to do a job and you ca n't rely on it ! Plus the hassle of returning it , and waiting for another unit to be sent . The second one made it 6 months . Not impressive performance !
 The cords are too short for most applications . This charger will not work for most batteries . It says it will keep charging until the battery is 14.2 volts . This is too high of a voltage for car batteries and deep cycle marine/RV batteries . I am not sure what batteries charge that high . This will result in the battery being overcharged . I am not happy with this charger because I ca n't use it , it will ruin my battery due to overcharging .
 It died hooked to one Sunforce 15 watt solar panel , after 2 weeks -LRB- the unit was indoors ! Their RMA service seemed good , but I 'm wondering when I will get my new unit .
 I returned this controller because it had limited charging features . I prefer the Pulse Width Modulation feature offered by slightly more expensive controllers .
 I 've gone through two of these Sunforce 7A solar battery charge controllers in two years , maintaining a battery on a box trailer with about 4-5A of solar panel max current.These units seem to work fine for a while and then just go dark after about a year or so.Quite convenient as the warranty is one year.I 'm going to another brand and not spending any more $ $ with Sunforce .
 I have had two of these controllers go bad in three years . They start off good and usually last a year - then tragedy strikes . I had the first go bad after nine months -LRB- which ruined two expensive deep cycle batteries -RRB- . The second -LRB- replacement -RRB- lasted another year-and-a-half and then went bad -LRB- batteries did recover -RRB- . I noticed that the unit works great at first , then out of the blue it starts discharging the panels at night -LRB- there is no indication on the unit when this happens -RRB- ; This ultimately fry 's the batteries if left on for a pro-long time -LRB- a problem since this is on a camping RV that sits most of the year -RRB- . To be honest , I got four years of service with these two controllers for around $ 40 . Add the ruined batteries and it starts to hurt
 I can only say I bought this elsewhere last year and it worked ok what little I used it , but almost impossible to keep the wires connected to the charge controller . Any little bump and they want to pull loose . The sunforce solar panels I bought -- 15 Watt Amorphous set -- seem good and the connectors are easy -- not sure why they jury-rig you to bare wire to the charge controller rather than their very good modular connections for the panels and to link the panels together . If anyone knows if the larger Sunforce charge controllers are better I hope you post on those -- I 'm going to go look .
 Purchased this through Radio Shack initially . It seemed to work ok for about 6 months to keep a 420 cca battery on my standby generator charged before it went out and fried the battery . I had it coupled to a 45 watt panel 17 volt max output or about 3 amp max solar panel output . I would not recommend this unit .
 The covers on the seats look good and are adequate . They covered the seat wear and look good . The headreast covers were too small . The solid colored covers for the console and seat , under the console , look `` cheap '' and I opted not to use them . The stitching on the tightner on the passenger seat came unstitched during application . Overall these seat covers were a disappointment . The saying you get what you pay for certainly applies to this purchase .
 I have had this unit for seven months , now . It honestly is just a cheap device , turned out cheaply , to cash in on the solar craze now going on . I 'm all for great-quality solar panels that provide reliable energy . This unit does not . Yes , it reads fine on my multimeter , when I check it , but the battery on my RV is not staying charged . I have gone through two charge controllers , so I have to think that the panel just might be the culprit , here . I am in a city with almost 90 % very sunny days . This panel gets full , blazing sun , just about daily , for seven hours . You get what you pay for , and you do n't get much , apparently , at the price this unit goes for . My RV battery performs as it should when it is not hooked up to this unit . It charges and holds charge when I 'm on the road . Again , it looks like a case of a badly made solar panel . Spend more for a better unit .
 The panel still puts out good voltage , but short circuit current in full daylight went close to 30 to 50 mA . I had it for about 5 months , and it worked great for a while . I had it hooked to a regulator which charged a 12V gelcel battery . It has just turned into a decoration . Rats .
 I bought 5 of these panels to charge a deep cycle marine battery for lighting a remote shed . I ran into problems about 3 days after installation because an 11 watt overnight light would discharge the battery and the panels could n't handle the daily recharge . Only under ideal conditions , with sunshine most of the day , will this system come close to working properly . My suggestion if someone is trying to accomplish what I 'm trying is to get on the internet and find a company that sells a good American or Japanese panel that produces around 80 watts . I tried this on a different location and it works fine , costs about the same , and takes up less room on the roof . I 'm preparing my `` Toy '' panels for my next garage sale and hopfully some sucker will buy them .
 This should be called a battery maintainer and not a battery charger . We have a 90 Amp-hour battery on my boat and took this charger camping with us . It did n't come close to recharging the battery or keeping up with our daily power consumption . When we got home I kept it on the boat battery for 10 days and the battery still was not fully recharged.Doing some calculations , this solar charger takes about 5 days under above average weather conditions to provide enough power to run my trolling motor for about an hour . The 15W max output is not even enough to run my electric fillet knife.This charger is weak power and bulky in addition to expensive relative to power from the grid.Not recommended unless used as a battery maintainer , in which case I would get a smaller and less expensive unit .
 I was considering buying this item when it was listed for 44 bucks . I put the item in my cart and two days later I checked back and the vendor had increased the price of the charger and controller to 129 bucks . Now I will not pay 100 % + more just because 2 days have passed . I do not know what the hell these guys were thinking and I might consider buying the product if they bring it back into a reasonable price.FYI you can find this at the kragen stores and other auto retailers for approximately 60 bucks . I was going to buy it thru amazon because it was 30 bucks.I complained to customers service and all I got was a bunch of crap about how prices are not guaranteed or anything.DO NOT BUY THIS FOR 99 BUCKS . You can get it for about half from other internet retailers.No wonder amazon is having so many stock problems . Trying to choke down 150 % price increases is BS and I will not support a vendor who does that.If they lower the price back to where it was and offer me a 10 % off for the hassle I might consider it.I bought one for 52 dollars from another internet retailer.Maybe if they dropped the price to 38 bucks you can buy it . Do not get ripped off by these jerk sellers .
 The package arrived quickly enough -LRB- we paid extra for faster shipping -RRB- , and the carton was in fine shape . On removal of the panel , we found that something had punctured the panel completely through . A 2x3 inch piece of corrugated cardboard from some other box was wedged in the puncture . The panel had been boxed in this condition ! There were no instructions or manufacturer information in the box . We 're hoping for a better outcome with the replacement.We will edit this review once we have a working panel and can comment on its functionality and performance.A few days later : They shipped the replacement panel and it was damaged exactly like the previous one . Evidently they have damaged stock that they are shipping out . This was not damaged in shipping , as the packaging was in fine shape . We returned the second panel , and have asked for a full refund.Others seem to have received intact panels , we did not . We do not intend to order from this company again .
 I did not use the product due to it arriving with cracked glass - twice . I will try another product and would not recommend this one due to damaged goods . My guess is these are probably damaged before leaving Amazon since the boxes arrived in good shape .
 I got a set of 5 panels for $ 65 each when I saw them on sale . I 've had no problems -LRB- with arriving broken or such -RRB- & I 'm pretty sure they put out the energy I expect when the sun 's on them . -LRB- Update 7-08 , I tested these panels for output on a july sunny day . Aiming the panels & watching my fluke meter for max amps output , I only got 0.4 amps max on more than 1 of them even with a drain on the battery to be sure it 's not fully charged . With the label saying I should get 1 amp , a 40 % output with my giving the ideal conditions seems very poor -RRB- . Also after I got these I ran some math on the cost for them and their output versus the utility power rate . With power billed in kiloWatt/hours -LRB- or 1,000 watts at a time -RRB- these panels can suposedly produce 15 watts -LRB- ~ 1/60 of a kiloWatt -RRB- . Assuming they give me the full 15 watts output for ~ 8 hours per day constantly , it 'll take 15 + years for them to pay for themselves . Since cloudy days & such reduce the output & benefit , it will likely make it take a lot longer . Whether of not the plastic construction will hold up that long I wonder about too , so I 'm not sure it was really worth it now . How to fully utilize the power I get & not just be keeping a battery fully charged is another thing I 'm not sure of -LRB- I do n't want to leave something running that drains the battery overnight , but not running anything means I get nothing out of it -RRB- . The actual output is just enough to maintain a battery charge , not give a lot of extra.So if you want to power something in a remote location that can run off of minimal power or has a high draw but for only a minimal time , this may be the way to go . Just remember that the panels only give you power during sunshine and you need enough of them to be able to recharge the battery they feed during your daylight hours . The set of 4 panels & more for ~ $ 300 sounds like a better deal than ~ $ 100 each -LRB- unless you see these on sale -RRB- . Also being able to use them with existing things -LRB- like in a RV that runs off of 12V power anyway -RRB- can make it easier to utilize them as well.But if you are thinking buying these will help you save on your energy bill at home , you might want to think again . To produce 1 kilowatt of solar power will cost you ~ $ 5,000 up front -LRB- and that 's almost regardless of who 's name brand you choose -RRB- . To collect up the DC power they produce and convert that into household power requires a car size battery & a power inverter as additional costs . I saw a TV show where a guy in California made himself independent of utilities with a farm of panels & other equipment needed , but it cost him over $ 500,000 to put it all together . If you can afford such and like the comfort of being energy independent , go for it ! Otherwise a utility bill as little as $ 0.10 for each kilowatt hour seems more cost effective to me -LRB- not to mention quality of power , available 24/7 , etc -RRB- .
 It can get the job done but it requires a good deal of air to operate . You have to have a pretty good size compressor to get it to operate for more than 60 seconds . I have a 15 gallon , and at 90 psi that is all it would last before the compressor kicked on to recharge the tank . If you do it this way you have to repeat this procedure over and over to get a max vacuum something large like a a/c system . All said and done all at best I could get it to go to -25 psi . Specs say it can get to -29 , but I do n't believe it . Also like the other review said it has a cheap plastic cap to cover the r-12 port when it should have come with a metal one .
 Ordered this filter to my buick after confirming the phrase `` This product fits your 2002 Buick Century '' ... . This product is NOT SUITABLE FOR MY BUICK . Thank you my DEAR AMAZON !!!
 after research on amazon 's own website i ordered these filters for a specific car . when the filters arrived i inspected them and found the would not fit the vehicle they were ordered for
 License was shipped in a brown envolope . It was bent so bad i could not use . I uploaded a picture to the vendor-no responce . I thew it in the trash . Bad Bad Bad
 Do n't waste your time and money . Ads made it seem these were made specifically for my truck model . Not close . Wish they had worked .
 I tried to install this part on a 2001 Honda Passport LX . The two pieces seperated while I was trying to work it into the grommet . It was probably just bad luck , but make sure you are pushing straight down . Do n't twist it in at all like did , I think that 's what got me . Going to try one with a metal body to replace this broken one .
 If your car is turbocharged , it needs the following part number
 Bottom line , $ 287.99 is too much money for a heads up display that ONLY provides RPMS . You can purchase a $ 150.00 system and it will provide you with RPMS , speed and more .
 No matter how carefully I wiped with a soft cloth , sprayed directly , or on the cloth , it dried smeary . I do n't like it .
 Have outdoor furniture applied as per instruction and saw no improvement over area that I did not spray.Complete waste of money .
 I have an Audi TT Roadster and purchased this product to seal up the top for winter in Denver Colorado . This product was sprayed on in the garage to cut down on any wind problems that others had complained about , and then backed out into the sun to dry . Two coats were put on in two days , and the car spent the night in the garage out of any moisture as directed . However , the top of the car , despite following the directions properly seems to not be beading as expected . Only the sides are . Car was thoroughly scrubbed and cleaned with two different cleaners before to make sure the top was prepped and ready , so I am baffled as to what happened . I have about half a bottle or less left now.The smell
 When I took the bottle out of the box it seemed light , compared to another 32 oz bottle I had just put down . Poured into a measuring cup and sure enough it was 4 oz short . Be careful when you order from this supplier . Ca n't say if the product works , will update later . Hope I have enough.One star for now .
 I bought this product to protect my canvas gazebo from sun damage . I have a 10 ' x 13 ' canvas over aluminum frame gazebo that needed a replacement canopy after 2 years in my yard . The new canopy cost just over $ 100 . I purchased the 32oz bottle of this 303 product hoping to get an extra year or 2 out of the canopy.I have my doubts that this product is prolonging the life of the canopy . Here is why . I applied the product on only 3 sides -LRB- 1 long ,2 short -RRB- of the canopy because I ran out and did not want to spend another $ 30 -LRB- I may have over-applied -RRB- . It is now 4 months later and I can visually see no difference between the `` protected '' sides and the unprotected side . They are all equally -LRB- very -RRB- faded.If I can not tell the difference at an advanced stage of fading as this , I do not see the sense in wasting my money on this ever again .
 We chose this to use on our screened gazebo top based on the great reviews . We applied as directed during a drought so it had plenty of time of dry in the sun . The top is 12x12 so we definitely had enough spray to cover the entire top . Today was the first rain we had and there was absolutely no difference , the rain still came through and the table and chairs underneath were soaked . Will not buy again .
 Ok Ive used this on jeep tops , fender flares , boat tops , fiberglass hulls . I found on black plastic it turns the black to white grey after 6months . For this reason alone I would stay away . Ive had 3 cars that did this and some blue boat tops that look like there sweating white lol . Vinylex is better !
 I used this because I saw all these great reviews . I used it on my car 's exterior trim , and it rained a few days after . There are now streaks all over the trim that I never had before . I had wiped away all the excess and followed directions too .
 Got both , cleaner and fabric gaurd . Followed instruction for both cleaner and gaurd , check boat after rain , inside very wet , does not repel water at all . Cover is premium sunbrella material . Do n't waste your money . Very disappointed in product afer reading reviews .
 We had a light rain and most of the protectant washed off my Jeep Wrangler fenders . Aerospace ? Marine ? I do n't think that it lived up to the description -LRB- see below -RRB- . It was certainly not worth the price . `` This is the maintenance product manufacturers recommend most . Only 303 beautifies as intensely , protects as powerfully or lasts as long . Powerful UV screening protection for colored gel-coat fiberglass , inflatable boats , vinyl , clear vinyl -LRB- isinglass -RRB- windows , rubber , plastics and leather . Spray on/wipe dry . Treated surfaces repel dirt , soiling , staining , water spots , salt water and mildew . Non-toxic and environmentally safe . ''
 Check your order closely . This product page will put 303 protectant in your cart , not fabric guard . I was sent the wrong product .
 The product is way overrated . For low quality fabrics , it might work . But for the convertible top on BMW , it does n't do much . The effect worn out very quickly . I should have stick with Autosol Convertible Top Sealant and Protectant . It is a little more expansive . But it last almost a year for each application .
 This is suppose to last 1 year or more will it lasted about 2month I did everything like the directions sad would like to get my money back its a joke
 I put this stuff on my trim , followed directions exactly . Not even two days later , there were stains on the car from where the product ran off after a light rain . Mailing this garbage back to Amazon .
 I bought the light thinking it would be bright and very visible at least when it is dark out , but after installing it -LRB- which was a big hassle and ended up wrecking my alternator -RRB- I turned it on to see that it is barely even visible through the light tint of my trucks rear window , big disappointment .
 Right out of the box this unit did not work correctly so I had to return it ; so frustrating . It would not grab and pull the rivet .
 Sorry to say this item does not do the job . I needed to install 41/4 '' rivets and was only able to get one in place . Ruined 3 others and finally did the job using bolts . Returned this item as defective . A piece of junk .
 You sent me two of these pieces of junk and neither one of them worked . Finally went to a tool store and bought one that worked for $ 15 less .
 I have two complaints about this riveter .1 . The different heads are very easy to lose . They are stored in threaded holes in the handle , but do not tighten down like every other riveter . The sloppy fit makes them easy to lose . Replacements are not available . I have lost several , but , fortunately , was able to find them . I no longer depend on the threaded holes for storage .2 . The plastic jar to catch the used stems is a loose fit on its cap , and falls off while in use , spilling them all over.What is it with China and threads?But , it does pull 1/4 rivets , so I will just have to live with its faults . I would give it 4 stars without those faults .
 Product broke after first use . Received in the mail late . Hope the warranty service works . The overall Riveter was a solid piece of equipment , but overall i 'm unsatisfied . IF the manufacturer decides to honor the warranty , i 'll change my review to at least a neutral comment . It was a good price and I have used Astro Pnuematic products in the past . I used the product 100 % to the specified methods included in the instructions , to include the interchangeable tip for different sized rivets . It took 5 tries to get the first rivet to work . The second rivet broke the Riveter and the inner mechanics fell out in my engine . After I found all the pieces , I tried to reassemble for my own sake . Worked for one use and fell apart again.Overall thoughts , pay more for a name you know more about , or hope the warranty is good .
 This fuse holder IS NOT , IS NOT , IS NOT WATERPROOF !!! It could be considered water resistant or maybe splashproof , but NOT WATERPROOF . I had purchased 50 or so of these to use under the hood of police cars as the main siren/lightbar fuse and now after about 8-12 months of service , all of the cars have trouble with poor voltage at the control box because of corrosion in the fuse holder . No matter where I have installed it under the hood or which way I have positioned the holder water seems to always get in . I have made them work by applying some silicone grease to the contacts , but I will not use any more of these . This same style holder is sold as waterproof everywhere so be careful and look closely at what you are getting .
 The bra was advertised to fit my 02 Altima , but it doesn ' t . This bra is generic . I had to force it on my vehicle . The leather seems hard and chap . Since this bra is not custome for my vehicle , I have all these extra strings hanging everywhere . Do n't waste your money !
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I was getting some squeaking from the original sway bar bushings after 7 years and 120,000 miles so I bought these replacements . Big mistake . After less than a year these things are driving me crazy . Any little bump and all you hear is squeak , squeak , squeak , squeak !!! I 'm going to try a different brand.Dennis
 1 you cant control the strobe pattern 2 the lights do n't even strobe brighter than my honda civics low beams to when I 'm going to a fire call I do n't even bother putting them on and if you live in wan area that it rains look out mine mewed up and came on evenness with the switch I had to but off and the passenger side one went out after like a week I would take them out but they require you to drill your headlight
 `` AMBER '' WAS ON THE PACKAGE HOWEVER THE COLOR WAS A WASHED OUT YELLOW . AFER A COUPLE OF DAYS IT TURNED WHITE AND HAS STAYED THAT WAY .
 Check with seller before buying ! It seems that most of the flywheels from Standard Flywheels are poorly cleaned and resurfaced units . They resurface whith a lathe instead of a grinder , not the best surface to break in your new clutch on . They also grind the edge off of the ring gear leaving significant burrs on the teeth . Just make sure that you know what you are getting .
 I have had this wringer for several years now . At first it worked pretty well . Then , as it got older , something in the roller rubber changed to the point where I can hardly use it . The problem is that the handle drives only the bottom roller . The top roller depends on the the pressure and friction of the item being pulled through by the bottom roller to roll at the same rate . The rollers are now either too slippery , or hard , or both so that the rollers do n't move at the same rate . That causes the chamois to start to bunch up so it ca n't be pulled through . The bottom roller eventually slips so much that the chamois just stops dead while the bottom roller slips . This could have been avoided if the two rollers were geared together as part of the design , but they 're not .
 Pnuematic driven , no electric motor . That suprised me.Will not suck down to -29 like advertised.The plastic cover did not last past the first use.Good for a shade tree mechanic but not a good product for a professional mechanic .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I bought this sticker when I was heavily into eBay , and recently found it in a drawer of useless stuff , so I threw it away . No way is it going on my car 's bumper .
 I bought the Booster PAC ES5000 exactly 2 years ago . It worked for the first year and a half . While trying to jump start a pickup in tall grass , a plastic clamp became unhinged , broke apart and , in the process , ejected the clamp spring into the tall grass never to be seen again . You can not buy a spring from Clore . Have to buy the whole clamp plus shipping so roughly $ 30 for a spring that self ejected . Then 2 months later the BoostervPAC just stopped starting cars . It had 13v but cranking amps @ 65 degrees were down to 107 , not enough to turn a starter motor and well below specs for this product . The warranty is1 year After that you are on your own . So for 2 years of use , maybe 20 starts , and a purchase price of $ 124.00 , each start cost me ca . $ 6 . You be the judge of whether at 2 stars , I gave it one too many
 BEFORE YOU BUY THIS ITEM , YOU SHOULD BE AWARE THAT AMAZON WILL NOT ACCEPT RETURNS OF THIS PRODUCT ! FOR SOME REASON , THEY DO N'T TELL YOU THAT UNTIL YOU TRY TO RETURN IT .
 Amazon is hit or miss on the items they sell . Probably 75 % of the items they sell are returns or refurbished . Read the reviews on other products . It is hard for me to say that they do not know this . I am sure they do . If you return the first you are guaranteed to get a know one . I believe they dump the old before they send the new . Its systematic and calculative . This product was sent back and refurbished . I am sure they have a company that does it . Then they recycled this stuff to the public .
 Battery cell went out on me after less than 2 years of infrequent use . Must charge to capacity after every use . If you let it run down - it will fail . Charging lights are not accurate.I 'm replacing with the K&K ; Jumpstart 990681 Jump N Carry 660 12 Volt Jump Starter .
 OK , SO WE ORDERED THIS AND IT CAME QUICKLY , WORKED FOR A WHILE , BUT THE PERFORMANCE WENT DOWN HILL AS THE MONTHS WENT BY . THIS WOULD BE OK FOR SOMEONE WHO ONLY HAS TO JUMP THEIR CAR ONCE IN A WHILE . BUT WE USE IT TO JUMP START CARS DAILY . ITS TOO WEAK FOR THAT , AND IT SLOWLY GOT WEAKER AND WEAKER DESPITE CHARGING IT BETWEEN USES . MY RECOMMENDATION , IF YOU ARE A SHOP LIKE WE ARE - BY YOURSELF A LARGE BATTERY - A MARINE BATTERY OR SOMETHING REALLY POWERFUL , BUY JUMPER CABLES AND CUT OFF ONE END , BUY BATTERY CABLES AND CONNECT THEM TO THE JUMPER CABLE . THEN BUY YOURSELF AN OVERNIGHT BATTERY CHARGER . STRAP THE BATTERY TO A DOLLEY , THEN MAKE SURE YOU HAVE SOMETHING INSULATED TO CLAMP YOUR JUMPER ENDS TO SAFELY STORE THEM . THIS SOLUTION WORKS SO MUCH BETTER . WE HAVE GONE THROUGH BOOSTER PAC AFTER BOOSTER PAC , WASTING LITERALLY OVER A THOUSAND DOLLARS . YOU 'RE BETTER OFF WITH A DIY SOLUTION IF YOU ARE A SHOP LIKE WE ARE .
 I finally had a chance to use this product to Charge a car battery that was in need of a boost to be started only to learn when I unplugged the Booster Pac from the wall and brought it to the Car that needed to be charged it did n't do anything becuase the internal battery in the Booster Pac was dead . I 'm thinking it never really held a charge while being plugged into the 120 volt outlet in my home . I plan on calling today to file a complaint .
 We 've tried twice to use this particular pack to jumpstart our cars . It 's good that we still have AAA . It does have an accessory power outlet that we used once to charge up our cell phone !
 I bought this product , followed all the instructions re
 I am still looking for the best product to clean headlights . You will need a electric or battery powered buffer to get any results .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 ANYBODY THAT BUYS THIS ITEM BEWARE . I RECIEVED THIS ITEM IN APRIL 2011 AND IT CRAPPED OUT THE THIRD OF NOVEMBER 2012 . THANK GOODNESS THAT THERE WAS A DEALERSHIP THAT COULD PUT A NEW ONE IN -LRB- NOT THE SAME GARBAGE OF COURSE -RRB- THAT DAY BUT I PAID THE PRICE BELIEVE ME .1 YEAR WARRANTY IS WHAT IT COMES WITH AND SHORTLY THERE AFTER IT 'S DONE . SO DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND STAY AWAY FROM THIS BRAND UNLESS YOU WANT TO REPLACE IT SOON AFTER THE WARRANTY IS UP . PERFECT TIMING !!!!!!!!!
 Purchased this product and had it installed . Two months later , this product has failed , and my window for returning this piece of junk has expired . Very disppleased
 The product is very big and is done of plastic . With the rain these broke easily . I do not use them in the absolute thing .
 Not sure why the other reviewer says it 's accurate when I found the exact opposite results.The sound measurements are very inaccurate . . Compared to reference hardware , these are off by way more than the advertised accuracy -LRB- + / - 3.5 db -RRB- . I found it off my as much as +10 db . . Do n't get this for the accuracy of the db levels.The other measurements seemed okay but to be honest I did n't test them thoroughly as I did for the db readings , which I bought this device for , on top of the main multi-meter functionality.Also the screen almost impossible to read in low light . . It would have been much more useful if it were backlit.The company will not accept returns for this device , only replacement : -LRB-
 DO NOT , PURCHASE THIS ITEM !! I purchased 4 packages of this item to be used upon all of my bicycles . Items received in a timely manner.Appears ALL of these items are old or have been stored improperly . Total number of batteries received
 Got this for a 1999 Dodge Caravan that needed a new muffler . Bought the Walker 21275 Quiet flow 3 muffler . 1st tried the original stainless steel muffler clamp as it was in good shape . Problem was it did not fit the contour of the new muffler even after trying to bend it into shape . Used this new Walker muffler clamp . Had to rotate the clamp 180 degrees and use the longer original bolt to engage -LRB- bolt supplied was too short -RRB- . Also had to cut the original nut off the old assembly so I did n't need to go to the hardware store to buy a matching bolt . Final result was fine but did n't exactly work as advertised .
 Great Pricing , but does NOT fit 2007 Saturn Vue . -LRB- Designed for a full-sized Pick-Up Truck . -RRB-
 This is probably the worst product listing on Amazon . The item is Goodyear ! Goodyear what ? Fuel hose ? What size ? How long ? There is absolutely no information on this ` product ' . The ` specifications ' list the brand - Goodyear . Do we need to do a Google search to determine what goodyear is selling ? Note also that the fuel injection hose ` may be easily removed when not in use ' ! Really dumb .
 WHAT ARE YOU SELLING ?????? I do n't know WTF I can say that the other two reviews have n't already.I might need this but I will never know .
 What size hose , ID , OD , length ? This posting with no information is completely useless . Ca n't even consider product , insufficient product details .
 This product was one of the worst detailers I ever bought and the fact it cost me more money in postage then the product was worth to return it does not make me happy . Not sure I will ever order any automotive products through Amazon ...
 It is not a 5 gallon product that weighs 45 pounds.Vendor blames Amazon for the mistake in description and weight.If you do n't believe me , call the vendor at 1.800.869.3011 . Regardless of who is falsely advertising this deal , I recommend you AVOID AVOID AVOID
 Bought the Meguiars last touch 5G and instead got the 1g , on amazon it clearly states 45lbs but they ship me an 11lb package , but as you can see now they made some changes . total rip-off , and waste of my time . Autogeek blamed amazon for the overriding their description . bad business to everyone .
 This part is of absolute poor quality and did not work . Production is terrible and it is just too bog not to work , if you are looking for BSPT to NPT for an oil pressure gauge in a Toyota , like I was , then do n't buy this
 After reading another review about this not being tapered threads I thought maybe it had been fixed . Sure enough , it is not tapered ! Do not order this unless you need parallel threads ! Auto Meter needs to fix their crappy product .
 This is not BSPT -LRB- tapered -RRB- as advertised but BSPP -LRB- parallel -RRB- threads . If you need BSPT for an oil pressure sender adapter , you may damage your block with this item .
 I do mobile electronic installations at a best buy , so I know what I am doing . When I first pulled this out of the box it looked to have a few to many scratches to be new . Then I noticed that the clip that holds the plug together was scratched up like someone had used a screwdriver to press on it . I started to install this in my car then decided it would be a good idea to bench test it to make sure it worked right befor I installed everything . I am glad I did because it did n't work right . I opened up the case to look at the circut board and it looked like they decided to use an old board to make this remote start , there were spots where components had been removed from the circut board . There is not enough info in the instructions about the wires , and that is coming from someone that installs remote starts for a living . I am getting a replacment sent to me so we will see if the next review is better or worse .
 This product was not what I thought it was . The day after I installed it and pulled on the nylon tab to secure the cover , it ripped at the seam . I would like to return it and purchase the cover I wanted which lifts up from the rear .
 1 . Plastic hooks can and do fall off . Replaced the hooks with metal carabiners but they rattled .2 . Netting comes undone after continued stretching3 . Delta Mega Rack Post Haste -LRB- I bought the net to use with the rack -RRB- lacks four secure hook points to secure the net4 . Takes too long to attach . Like bungee cords , you have to wrap/stretch/fidget for a few minutes before each ride to attach the net securely to the rackI 've been using the Delta QuickBag for two weeks . Yes , you have to limit your cargo to a bag the size of a large toaster , but now its `` Press Click Click '' to attach and `` Click Click Rip -LRB- of the Velcro -RRB- '' to detach . Quick . Easy . Secure . Quiet . Worry-Free . Just what I had wanted to accomplish in the first place!Delta QuickBag Bicycle Rack Bag -LRB- Rack Not Included -RRB-
 I bought one of these last week for carrying things on the back of my bike -LRB- I have a carrier mounted over the rear wheel -RRB- . As one of the other reviewers noted , the four hooks are n't permanently attached to the bungee , there 's just a smaller hook where the cord holds it . That might be a good thing , if it gives you more flexibility in moving the hooks . But in my case , as I was riding , I heard a `` boing '' sound and one of the hooks went flying off somewhere . So I returned the cargo net to the store . If the hooks were permanently attached instead , I 'd say this was a great product .
 I purchased the Delta Mega Rack Bicycle Cargo Net as recommended by Amazon.com along with theDelta Mega Rack Post Haste Bicycle Seat Post Rackfor use on my mountain bike . After much trial and error in figuring a way to secure my gear bag , containing as its heaviest item a quart bottle of Gatorade , I found the only method that prevented the entire bag from tipping over the side of the rack was for the bottle to be placed as far forward as possible , turned around so the thickest part , the bottom , was forward , and the forward edge of the cargo net 's cords were wrapped double around the bottle . But I noticed this put a great strain on the cords and they were already starting to fray from my efforts , and together with the limitations of the rack itself , as I pointed out in its own review , I was forced to return both items .
 I know these units are a major problem with Ford vehicles . I changed ours last year . I did expect the replacement to last longer than a year , though . Unfortunately , I was wrong . Apparently Dorman ca n't make them any better than Ford can .
 Was thinking of buying this , but my manual says any good quality SAE 30 detergent oil is fine , and I could even get a quart of synthetic 10W-30 -LRB- which can also stand up to higher temps -RRB- for less . Maybe good value for some who think they need or want OEM .
 very disappointed with the description from amazon . This is just the mounting bracket for a grille guard they do n't even sell . The box was completely trashed and was taped up from the person who had returned it before me .
 The item I received does not match the image and description shown . I ordered a complete Bosch Oil Filter according to the image and description and only received the inside of the Bosch oil filter .
 Making fun of Christianity is a form of bigotry . I am shocked to see someone commercializing on attacking the beliefs of Christianity by making a mockery of the ICHTHUS symbol . The vampyre and Darwin items need to be removed . I would have rated this item a zero but the only option given me was one star . Very disappointing .
 This item arrived without the little tube that plugs into the nozzle . Because the lid of the case of the SACD I ordered at the same time arrived cracked -LRB- I replaced the lid with one from a CD I do n't use -RRB- , I know this tube was removed by some psychopathic worm in Amazon 's packaging department who probably thinks he 's found the secret to occult powers , but has actually stumbled into a trap known as SRA -LRB- `` ritual '' = `` repetitive '' -RRB- when ends in possession , which is the exact opposite of what they expected - they do n't get magical powers - `` magical powers '' get them . This is very common these days - `` wizards '' -LRB- accidental pod-people -RRB- are a dime a dozen . Amazon has obviously set up their system to facilitate this form of abuse - they provide no remedy , other than , I suppose , finding a similar nozzle with a tube at a local store.I thought I 'd save a few bucks by having this thrown in with other items , and it will , but it will be a while before I 'll be able to use it for its intended purpose -LRB- cleaning my laptop 's `` radiator '' down to the metal for best heat transfer , by spraying it from the inside after cleaning it as thoroughly as possible with a vacuum and something like an electric-shaver brush for dust that somehow gets packed in there -RRB- . Now that I know what Amazon is behind that big smiley face , they can kiss my business goodbye .
 I ordered the purple LED 10 Chrom light Pods from this company . After installing I could BARELY EVEN SEE THE LIGHTS WERE ON . I contacted company and they said they would send me another pair . They did indeed and the problems were EXACTLY the same . YOU CAN HARDLY TELL THE LIGHTS ARE EVEN ON EVEN IN THE DARK . A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY !!!! I asked for my money back but the company policy refused to refund my money.DO NOT ORDER HORRIBLE LIGHTS WASTE OF MONEY
 when it rains some of the rain goes through the cover.after it rains i have to take the cover off so the rain does n't make the paint finish cloudy and i have to keep the cover off until it drys.i wasted my money buying this product .
 Sorry but , this particular part was defective.however , I was refunded my $ wit not problems . Thks amazon . Will never purchase this particular brand . I a going German . .
 dont buy carter elec fuel pumps from napa , have had nothing but trouble from them , had to replace the last one one month and four days after it was installed , the one before that lasted about one year , the one before that did ` nt work at all , been through four in less than two years.this fuel pump is for an 86 ford f150 , napa replaced the last one , but you have to pay the labor no matter what , I 'm not the only one I know having this problem , napa knows this product is junk and I 'm sure carter does too , what ever happend to quality . I 've had it with this product , dont want no more carter pumps or napas parts that they buy cheap and then charge top doller for . I 'm tired of being ripped by these people . .
 I drive a 2002 Yukon , 4.8 L. I use it for getting too and from work and for cruising around town and never beat on it in any way . I replaced my factory fuel pump about 6 months ago with a Carter pump after mine went bad . That pump lasted about 3 months before it died for no apparent reason . Thankfully Carter has a warranty on their products and replaced it free of charge . Well , about 3 months after that second pump was put in it too died for no apparent reason ... . I 've had every test imaginable run on my truck to see if its a truck problem or a pump problem . Well , there was absolutely nothing wrong with my truck . . Instead of allowing history to repeat itself for a third time I 'm just gon na go with an OEM pump . Thanks for nothing Carter . .
 Purchased August , 2008 . After three years of occasional use , will not hold pressure reading.Always stored in a plastic bag indoors .
 The 2343 Tire Gauge is actually a nice product , but the Amazon recommended Moroso 89590 Tire Gauge Cover is WAY too large and not usable . Not sure who is at fault , but it is not worth the effort to return the cover or untangle who is at fault.I consider it as a loss and just bad luck .
 I just received my Auto Meter 2343 so I have no comments yet about it . However , the web site advertises that the Moroso 89590 Gauge Cover is often purchased at the same time . So I purchased it too . I found that the cover is much too large for the Auto Meter gauge . I 'm sure it is intended only for Moroso pressure gauges . Amazon is giving me a refund but be aware and save yourself a hassle .
 Unfortunately I ca n't review the product because I never received it . Sparkle auto canceled my order , apparently because I did n't want to order the chemical as well as the bottle . I guess selling the bottle alone was n't worth their time . Kinda makes you wonder why they have it listed .
 Received my package today and it is the EMPTY BOTTLE ONLY , no contents . To make matters worse , the empty bottle did n't even come with a spray trigger ... The description is deceiving : Given the below product description on this ad page , what would you think ? : `` Product DescriptionProduces incredible depth , shine and gloss . This spray-on , wipe-off product has a unique blend of polymeric lubricating agents that gently removes dust , fingerprints , smudges and other contaminants , leaving a flawless , showroom shine . Dilution
 Worked great for about two months , then it stopped working completely-it would just not turn on . Very disappointed in this product .
 I bought this item for my husband and I to use for work . We are both paramedics and send most of a 24 hour shift in the medic truck . The plug for this broke the first time I used it . We were able to fix the plug so that we could use the box and were disappointed in the amount or lack of heat . The ad for this box claims that you can cook in this , you ca n't ! It does get warm enough to warm up leftovers if you have an hour or so the let the food sit in it . You have to turn the food several times to get the food to warm up evenly . The box only worked for about 1 month of time . We only used it on days that we worked which is one day out of every three days so we only used it about 10 times before it just stopped working altogether . I would not waste money buying this .
 Wish I had the box to send it back.It is not working at all . . SAVE YOUR MONEY.I WASTED MINE ! Rip off
 We travel a lot in our car , and thought this would be a good thing to have since our time is limited at each stop . We have a Toyato Rav , and plugged it into an adapter that was plugged into our cigarette lighter . First time I used it I could feel it getting warm , then the adapter blew out . I looked at our owners manual , and it said that it is set up for 100 watts , and the roadpro is designed for 144 watts . So I ca n't use it .
 I ordered 2 of these stoves . 1 did not work , Was sent a replacement . It didnt work either .
 Though advertised as low dust pads , these Hawk pads are anything but . I 've been driving for 35 years and these are by far the dustiest brake pads I 've ever experienced.Current car is a 2005 Hyundai Santa Fe with 123,000 miles . My front wheels are a mess and have to be washed constantly to keep them clean . More than 90 % of my driving miles are on highways , dust should be low . But dust is so bad , I 'm taking pads off after less than 10,000 miles and replacing them.Performance is good but not worth the excessive dust on the wheels .
 the picture displayed in the product is not what comes in the box.photo shows the parts used on the rear wheels of the vehicle , but the next is for use in the front suspension.when photo fix , I can give the 5 stars it deserves the product .
 lots of problems with these gauges from leaking to shorting out the temp probe . buy better gauges stay away from these
 Do n't bother buying these if you have a 2002 Honda Accord . Even with smaller lug nuts , they would n't fit . I took them to Pep Boys for installation and they said they would n't stay on .
 This is NOT a 120 volt solar panel but a 12.0 volt panel , which will NOT charge a 12.0 volt battery -LRB- need 14.5 volts minimum to charge a 12vdc battery -RRB- . Basically , well , it 's pretty useless . at 6W / 12V it produces 1/2 amp of current which would take 230 hours of sunlight to charge a 115 Amp Hour deep cycle battery . At best , this * could * be used to keep your car 's battery alive in long term parking at the airport with all the computer drain but even there a 1 AMP panel -LRB- 12-15 watts -RRB- would be more ideal given the few hours of light during the winter and shielding from the glass windshield .
 I am a VERY happy owner of both the Swiss Tech MPCSS Micro Plus 8 in 1 Keyring Tool and the Swiss Tech UKCSS Ulti Key 6 in 1 Keyring Tool . I like both of them so much I have often given them as gifts to my engineer friends . As well as those products are designed ; I was surprised how poorly this is designed . The tool itself is a pale imitation of the Micro Plus 8 , and it could easily have all the features of that fine product . The clock sems all but unusable , and heaven help you if you ever have to open it up to change the battery . The tiny buttons have even smaller extender caps , which are impossible to position properly to reassemble the unit . Since it arrived without the clock working , and I am an engineer , my first reaction was to open the unit . I could never reassemble it properly . That , combined with the marginal utility of the tool , consigned both to the wastebasket in frustration.Like I said earlier , I would heartily recommend the Swiss Tech MPCSS Micro Plus 8 in 1 Keyring Tool and the Swiss Tech UKCSS Ulti Key 6 in 1 Keyring Tool , but steer clear of this product . Swiss Tech is a fine company , with fine products , but the missed the mark completely with this one .
 I placed an order for this balancer for my car , I really needed the part as soon as possible . I placed my order and paid for next day delivery , I received my part 48 hours later -LRB- two days -RRB- . As soon as the part arrived I opened the box and compared the part against the original balancer from my car , the timing marks were fine and I decided to install the balancer using the tool that I have to hold the balancer for torquing -LRB- I have used this tool before with no problems -RRB- . The hexagon in the balancer it is TOO SMALL for the tool I have , I needed to make some modifications to my tool to install the balancer.I will never buy these kind of parts from this manufacturer .
 An important decision , if you decide to replace a transverse engine 's clutch , is what engine support to buy , since they are not readily available to rent . I recently used an Astro Pneumatic 5820 Engine Support , which was a huge mistake . The base of the AP5820 was slightly rounded and spiral-wrapped with cheesy nylon , to keep it from slipping . All of this made it somewhat unstable . New rubber feet had to be fashioned . Additionally , the cables provided were way too long to be useful . They had to be considerably shortened and re-looped , using a Fastenal 43383 , 1/8 '' x 5/8 '' , Aluminum Hour Glass Swage Sleeve . It takes a swage tool to properly crimp the sleeve -- such a pain . A chain would have been so much better . To make matters worse , the middle support arm was shaky and had to be reinforced . Needless to say , this is not a professional piece of equipment , in my opinion . I realize not many people change their own clutches -- this may help someone , however , avoid making a mistake .
 ... but this was too big to use it properly . Another thing is the plastic on the feet allow the bar to slide , the feet actually slide inside the plastic .
 For seat covers costing more than your local Auto store `` one size fits all '' kind , these Saddleman Windsor seat covers are n't much better . They cover up rear seat pockets and encase both storage consoles of the front seat `` middle '' seat of Doge Ram Quad Cabs . Their on-line questionaire ignores your answers that the console has storage in both the top and the bottom of the seat-console . Therefore , they are not `` Custom '' at all .
 I ordered this for my 2006 mazda 3 hatchback . They said it would fit it . It did not fit it at all , it was designed for the 2006 4 door not the hatchback -LRB- two different models -RRB- . Because of this whole ordeal , I had to return and lost $ 9.00 because of ship.BUYER BEWARE , make sure it fits your car 100 % do not trust their &#34; Will it fit your vehicle ? &#34; because it is wrong !
 check engine light was on-Code
 I bought it for my ford explorer , i didnt find the original one so i decide to try this one that said universal . When it arrived i realize it was too short , i needed like 5 of them , i ended up buying a used one .
 I bought this based on customer reviews and label marketing ; I would not spend the money again now that I have the lights . I left the one light that worked in , and then installed the new `` Ultra '' light in to see any difference . There was very very little difference . I would save the money and get the cheaper OEM lights .
 THESE HEADLIGHTS ARE NO BRIGHTER THAN THE ONES I HAVE IN MY CAR FROM BJ 'S FOR $ 12.00 . I PUT ONE IN AND COMPARED AT NIGHT AGAINST WHITE GARAGE DOOR WITH THE ONE FROM BJ 'S AND YOU CAN NOT SEE A DIFFERENCE AND I HAD TWO OTHER PEOPLE LOOK AT THEM . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!! THANK GOODNESS FOR THESE BEING CHEAPER ON AMAZON THEY ARE AS MUCH AS $ 50.00 AT OTHER STORES .
 I purchased these lights because I anticipated a lot of night driving this winter . I installed these bulbs on the right side of my 2001 Dodge truck in place of the bulbs that came with the vehicle 8 years ago . I could n't tell the difference from the originals on the left so I asked my wife to look at them and tell me which was brighter ; you guessed it , she said it looked like the left side -LRB- old bulb -RRB- was brighter !
 I ordered the bulbs following the instructions , entering the year , make and model of my vehicle as requested . It then provided me with the item that was the proper one for my vehicle . I received the bulbs and took them to my auto mechanic to install . He informed me that they were not the proper type for my make/model and showed me how my original manufacturer installed headlights could not use the bulbs provided . I then filled out the request to return . I was surprised and extremely disappointed to find I would have $ 6.11 deducted from my refund because it was my fault ! I followed the instructions and can assure you it was NOT my fault . My recommendation is to buy locally where you can return the item without being charged/penalized !
 Bought these for my wife 's car in hopes that aftermarket bulbs had gotten better since the last time I used them . After all these years they are the same pieces of crap I remember putting in my rice mobiles when I was a teenager . No better than stock and burn out after 6 months , at most . Do n't waste your money ! Stick with stock or buy a car with `` factory HID '' !
 I followed the application/specs given to me by Amazon . The number on the product was supposed to have fit my vehicle . It arrived and was n't even close . Sent it back and went to auto parts store where they sold me the correct ones and at a cheaper price !
 lights suck they are worse than the old one that they replcaed , not worth any money the worst lights i have ever seenthats all i have to say but i have to write so many words or this stupid reveiw window wont accept
 I purchased these very expensive replacements because they were rated top in brightness and I was very pleased with the results . These bulbs were top notch ... until my driver-side dim burned out in less than a year . I thought it might be a fluke , so I replaced it -LRB- even more expensive to purchase them singly -RRB- and was happy again for six months , then the passenger-side dim burned out . Now I am no longer pleased with these bulbs . I 've purchased extra bright replacement headlights before for my other vehicles and they lasted years . This is the first time I 've bought a bulb and discovered it 's designed to burn out quickly . I do n't know if it is poor engineering , or like household lights they are made to have a short life , but I will not buy any more and I definitely do NOT recommend these .
 In my opinion , the question is answered with a resounding NO.Yeah they are bright , but like any shining star they burn out quickly.I put a pair of these in my car 2010 Prius and in 2 months 2 weeks the right side bulb goes out.I was not quite happy at this since they are not exactly cheap.I purchased a replacement set of bulbs as two headlights are better than one , I figured maybe there was a gas leak in the bulb .10 days later the left side fails . Now I am very unhappy and figured I would look into a warranty replacement with sad results.The truth is the EXPECTED LIFE SPAN for his bulb -LRB- Sylvania Silverstar Ultra -RRB- is 3 months . And the parts store offers only a 30 day warranty at the managers discretion.Now they offer a brighter bulb -LRB- $ 10 more -RRB- and it 's life span is 3 months.On the bright side , they will not dim they will just die a gloriously short death , no coughing , no last gasp just dead.After I purchased the replacements -LRB- because my wife did not keep the receipt -RRB- I took the time to look on the back.On the back I found a chart , on the bottom of the chart is a row titled LIFE , then I began to realize my folly.So I go to the website and after several pages I find the actual information , I was rather shocked.Truly shocked especially when you compare normal HIGH beam halogens that last years with these low beams that are designed to last a matter of months . I found HID replacements for under $ 79.00 since this is $ 20 less than the cost of 2 sets of these lights , which I would end up replacing within a year anyway.I say save yourself the work , the time and just go for the HID 's -LRB- the HID bulbs are rated for 10 times longer life than Halogens so they are far superior -RRB- .
 I bought these lights because the stock lights in our Ford Taurus were not really that bright . Since most of the roads we drive at night have street lights few and far between we were looking for something better . I took a gamble on these . I bought two sets , one for the car and one for the van . After I put them in the car , I took a test drive . HHMmm ... not much of a difference ! These did not put up the performance that the box suggested and I do not recommend buying these in order to get `` better '' night visibility . I have since returned the second set that I originally purchased and will not be buying this type again .
 Replaced some stock VW MkIV Jetta bulbs with these . I was hoping for an increase in brightness and a whiter color . If there 's any difference between these and the stock Sylvanias , I ca n't see it.I found a comment by Scheinwerfermann on candlepowerforums.com that I want to pass on , in case like me , you read great reviews about `` OSRAM Sylvania SilverStar Ultras '' . Bottom line . . these ai n't the same bulbs . `` Osram Night Breaker is a Europe/rest-of-world product line consisting of bulbs that conform to ECE Regulation 37 . HB5/9007 is not an R37 bulb ; it 's used only in the NAFTA market in headlamps built to comply with U.S. Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 108 . Osram 's North American operation , Osram-Sylvania Inc. , has decided to focus on long-life and `` performance appearance '' products -LRB- Silver Star , Silver Star Ultra , etc. -RRB- products rather than products that actually produce more light . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- I just placed an order for the Philips X-treme Power . Hopefully those will work better.Philips 9007 X-treme Power Headlight Bulb , Pack of 2
 I bought a set of these for both cars . Wow they are bright and do help see at night . Its brighter than hi beams , but they last maybe 1 year of avg . driving that 's it ! That 's way to short and a hassle to pull the battery and replace with old set that are 6 years old and still work , stock OEM ones .
 I tried these and were impressed with their bright white light output , but was extremely disappointed with the lifespan . I did n't make it a year with the first set , tried again , and one bulb did n't make it eight months . Living in a small town where overzealous cops pull you over for having lights out , I went back to Xtra-Vision bulbs that last much longer . If you look on the back of the box it clearly indicates that the more expensive brighter bulbs last half as long as some the less bright ones . It is hard to believe they can not make bright white bulbs that last longer . Hopefully LED headlights will have the right performance and price soon .
 I thought when I buy this Bulb then I have the brightest lightbut it is notthe quality & performance rating as it describes in the back of package is different than what I have now
 I bought these cause I was tired of my dim old headlights . The brightness on these was excellent ... but only for 6 months . They both died and within a week of each other . I went to parts store to complain , but apparently they only have a 3 month warranty . Convenient . The guy behind the counter said that his brother had the same problem ... maybe has something do do with them burning so hot . I do n't know about that , but I bought the cheap ones and they work fine .
 From the reviews I expected a substantial improvement , but I ca n't tell the difference . And the `` longer life '' in the description is a lie , it says right on the box they wo n't last as long as normal bulbs .
 I bought these after watching the commercial but was n't impressed by the amount of light from these headlights . I have a hard time seeing at night and thought this would make it much easier for me to drive with these halogen lights . I really saw no difference at all . Do n't waste your money !
 The headlights wash out in close proximity to the front of the car . Very difficult to see when driving in traffic , much worse when driving in traffic and raining -- very dim side illumination . When you 're on a very dark road -- one without street lights and without traffic -LRB- i.e. , country back road -RRB- -- the lights perform well and you can see in the distance . Otherwise , for city driving , I would not recommend . I drive a 2004 Chevy Cavalier . Took lights to my dealer to have them installed , so I know the beams were adjusted properly . Will return original headlights to my car as they provided much better illumination in all driving conditions . Too bad I ca n't return these for my money back .
 These are not any brighter than the 9 year old bulbs they replaced . Save your money , put in the stock replacements .
 After installing , I was reading the packaging more closely and saw that they compare brightness between used & worn out standard bulbs versus brand new Silverstar Bulbs.And , they are much lower life bulbs -LRB- which actually was disclosed in the literature -RRB- . I 'm not impressed by the Apples to Oranges comparison !
 When i saw these headlights on TV i decided to give them a try . The night that i got them i went for a night drive they were good but the problem is there only 30 % brighter and were just awful in the rain . I have since switched to an HID kit and wow the kit is alot brighter whider and farther than the silverstaars imo . If you really want brighter whiter light then buy an HID kit it may be expensive but in the long run it lasts longer and is brighter and whiter . In other words get an HID kit .
 Could hardly tell the difference between these and the stock headlights on my 1997 f 250 . Not impressed .
 Yes , they are whiter , but they are terrible in the rain . For some reason they just totally wash out . It 's so bad you ca n't see the sides of the road . I had the next Silverstar version beneath these and while they are less white , the side-lighting and rain lighting is much better -LRB- plus cheaper -RRB- . If you live in southwest USA , these will be fine .
 I have tried two pairs of these lights with my 2003 Tacoma . The lights are noticeably brighter than the stock bulbs they replaced . The problem is that they burn out quickly . As little as one month to as long as six months in my experience . In contrast my stock bulbs have lasted for several years . I am now back to stock light bulbs . If you buy these carry a spare bulb and be ready for frequent replacements . The money you will spend over a couple years would be much better spent upgrading to a HID lighting system .
 I was using the Philips 9007 Nightguide halogen . I was pretty happy with it until I read that the Sylvania Silverstar was the brightest and whitest of any halogen available in the market . After installing it , it was defintely no brighter nor whiter than the Philips . And Philips is way much cheaper too .
 I bought these not even a year ago and one of them have already gone out . They honestly did n't even make a difference compared to the factory bulbs that were already installed . Save your money or spend a little extra on something that will last .
 My wife complained of her '96 Plymouth Grand Voyager headlights being weak and she was certainly right about that . So , after reading the reviews here , I bought the SilverStars . My main concern was the life span so I kept the receipt . But after installing , I really saw only a very minor improvement in brightness . Very disappointing .
 For seat covers costing more than your local Auto store `` one size fits all '' kind , these Saddleman Windsor seat covers are n't much better . They cover up rear seat pockets and encase both storage consoles of the front seat `` middle '' seat of Doge Ram Quad Cabs . Their on-line questionaire ignores your answers that the console has storage in both the top and the bottom of the seat-console . Therefore , they are not `` Custom '' at all .
 Not happy with this tailgate . the end brackets that are used to attach to the truck are too thin and pull apart after a short time of using the tailgate . They need to use thicker steel for the pivot brackets .
 Bought the gauge in a three gauge package -LRB- oil pressure , amps , water temp -RRB- . Installed in a new installation . Gauge stuck on the bottom and would finally jump up to read after awhile . I double checked the gauge with an infrared sensor and it was incorrect by 15 to 20 degrees TOO COOL with the engine at `` normal temp . '' Relocated the sensor/sending unit and no change . Finally it has quit reading altogether or every now and then will `` jump '' up to a temperature - who knows if it 's right or not . I 'm back to using my factory gauge . NOT WORTH THE MONEY as far as I 'm concerned .
 These are titled Compact Chock Set , thus thought they were just compact . Howevver when I received the box said `` MINI Chock Set '' . They are MINI , and box says only for ATV or smaller . Do n't buy they for a RV or trailer , etc - they will be too small .
 Amazon wants reviews to be as wordy as possible . With that said , after receiving the alternator and installing it in my 1985 Dodge D150 pickup , I soon discovered that it was not producing enough power to the electrical system . It was generating 0 volts . I took it to my mechanic and he said it was n't working . I took it to an auto parts store and they said the alternator was faulty . So I called Amazon and they took it back , postage paid . As far as I know , this item was new , not a rebuilt one . Would I take a chance at buying another one of these should the need arise ? Hmm . Well , the price was right . No , I could n't really afford the downtime should the item need to be sent back in trade for a working one .
 I purchased this product and it failed in the first month . I mailed the product to the manufacturer and they mailed it back - unopened . Do n't waste your time with this product . There is a good reason it is cheap . I guess you get what you pay for . .
 It did n't work . But Amazon refunded without question.It may have been a nice analog meter if it had not been broken .
 These are my 2nd pair of the Silverstar Ultra headlights in the past two years . My first pair lasted about 7 - 8 months , and I just thought that it I might have recieved a bad batch and bought another pair of the same headlights . The second pair of these lasted about the same time frame.I ended up writing to Osram - Sylvania and their customer service rep , told me that the average lifespan of these bulbs are only rated at about 8 months , because of the brighter light . They said they will send me a replacement set once I send mine to them , so I 'm waiting on those . I 'm still a little dissapointed that these bulbs have a lifespan of less than a year . There 's no reason to be changing lightbulbs every year.Meanwhile I have the GE nighthawk platinum , the light output is very similar to the Silverstar Ultra and price is just about the same also . I 'll have to see how long they will lasts and then post an update.If your looking for a bright white output and do n't care about lifespan these are an excellent choice , if your looking for something that will last more than a year , then go with Sylvania 's other -LRB- less brighter -RRB- alternatives .
 I was hoping to save a bit of manoey getting this SILVERSTAR ULTRAS , trust me I have spent a lot in performance and lights for cars back then and getting this lightbulbs instead of HID KITS , I have brand new honda accord 2011 , but still lightbulbs not worth it at all , waste of money , and 2 star for a bit brighter than oem ones , but would not recommend this items .
 These headlights are quite bright and give a lot of light but they only lasted two months . I bought them from a local auto parts dealer for $ 50 and thought they might last a little longer than that . If you have a lot of extra money floating around for headlights every two months then go ahead and purchase but if not then choose something else .
 Except for a whiter colored light , they did not extend the range of vision in any way from my OEM lights -LRB- which are around 10years old -RRB- .
 I put these in a 1997 Oldsmobile LSS which had never had the headlights changed and about all I could tell was that they were a bit &#34; whiter &#34; in light . They were no brighter that the 15 year old OEM Low Beams . Very disappointed in the advertised &#34; Up to 40 % increased down-road visibility and rated at up to 50 % brighter light than standard halogen headlight bulbs &#34; . I would say I have no improvement in visibilty and maybe 10 % brighter than the OEM 's , but I attribute this to the fact that the headlights were 15 years old . FYI , the lens on the Olds are in very good shape and not fogged .
 Its actually one highbeam and one low beam . The one I recieved had one unit with two grooves and one with one groove . The groves designate which headlight port they are suppose to go in . The one on the right is a highbeam .
 I have a 2008 Honda civic 4dr sedan . The amazon chart indicated I need the 9006 model bulb . After removing the battery from it 's mount and removing the radiator overflow reservoir , removing the light bulb I realized they simply do n't fit . The threads are opposite the direction of the manufactures orientation . really annoying .
 The bulb was the right size and wattage , but the keyway was different . Tthe specs said it would fit my car .
 I bought these lights to help see at night and they perform very well . But the back of the package says that they only perform about a quarter of the time the normal bulbs last . If I knew what it said on the back of the package I would have bought some HID conversion headlights . Live and Learn .
 ALL the DOT-legal high output bulbs achieve higher output by overdriving the filiments , which reduces bulb life . They have to do this because the DOT puts limits on wattage . The only exception are HID and HIR bulbs , which use new technology to get more light out of less watts.According to Sylvania : `` Since our SilverStar -LRB- r -RRB- ULTRAheadlights are up to 50 % brighter than standard halogen , they will havea shorter life span when compared to our other products . Part number9005SU will last for approximately 125 hours of `` on time '' , 200 hours forpart 9006SU . `` For comparison , standard Halogens are rated at 1000/350 hours low/high . Use the SIf you want good lights on a 9006/9005 car , get some Toshiba 911 and 912 HIR bulbs . They 'll cost you about $ 15 more than the Silverstars Ultras , put out more light ... and last 5 times as long !
 I liked the brighter , whiter light but not the SHORT life . One burned out in about 10 months.Update 10/2009
 Compared to the regular SilverStar , the Silverstar ULTRA headlights were supposed to `` last up to 30 % longer '' . I have used the Silverstar in the past and decided to give the Ultra a try . They only lasted 6 months . I installed them in Dec. and they burned out in June , the left and right bulbs burning out within 2 weeks of each other . Their brightness and performance is great , but they just simply do n't last as long as I think they should . Come on , at least last one year .
 Great upgrade until the lo beam filament burnt out after 5 months of use . What a waste of money ...
 Nothing more aggravating then having to replace these bulbs twice in one year . The first time , is ok , maybe I just got a bad set , the second time one out of a set of these silverstar bulbs burned out , I got the cool blues instead . Hopefully I 'll get longer lasting results with the cooler burning bulbs .
 I 've purchased a pair of those SilverStar Ultra in January 2008 . With minimal night-time driving and no daytime running lights feature to my vehicle , those headlight bulbs have gone out on me by December 2008 -LRB- total of less than 12 months of life-expectancy -RRB- . In my opinion not very worth it considering its price , even though they are brighter than regular 9006 headlight bulbs . You could probably buy a pair of regular 9006 headlight bulbs which cost half the price , and they might last you at least 5 years or longer .
 These bulbs did not fit my 2006 Toyota Tundra , my friend opened the pack which voided my returning them
 I found no significant increase in low beam light output although the high beam was worth the money . There is a light deflector coating on the low beam lamp and another on the headlight casting . I even removed the coating on the bulb with no significant light output .
 i bought these head light thinking they are goin to be better then the old one i have they are just as bad may be even worst never again
 We may be glad we can see the road better with super-bright headlights , but if we are unable to dim them when there are oncoming drivers present , we are presenting a safety hazard to others . There is a reason that drivers are only supposed to use their high-beam lights where it is very dark and there are no oncoming drivers
 It is really bright . So bright that many people mistake its low beam as high beam . We all want better visibility on the road , but blinding other drivers not only put others in danger , it may also put ourselves in danger.Many people driving a lot in the night experienced sensitive eye problems due to constant flare from head lights from other cars on the road . Even with low beam , very bright head lights can blind oncoming drivers , especially on curves or slopes.The advertisement for this light is clearly irresponsible . You may have seen their demonstration that it can cast a very bright light much longer than the regular light . The product description clearly states that these lights can cast wider and longer lights on the road . You do n't get wider and longer lights because of improved brightness , instead you get that because the angle of the light has been widened and raised , just like what high beams does . It 's dangerous.Please use this product and similar ones carefully with discretion .
 I got duped into buying these POS bulbs by a local Autozone.It DOES produce a white light . However , the beam is actually shorter compared to regular stock halogens . On top of that , they are set to run at a higher wattage and temperature causing it to burn out in 2 months with a car with daytime running lights.Read this article from a lights expert before you get scammed . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Loved how bright they where . First sustained cold snap in New England and one failed . The other came back to life after it warmed up , but obviously ca n't trust it . Would not recommend , went back to the Phillips OEM bulb .
 I returned these because I did not see much improvement over the $ 10 pair from Walmart which were the 1 step up from basic level . Yes they are white , but that is from the blue coloring on the bulb which take away from the brightness . Also they burn out faster so I felt it was a waste of money .
 I have only had a few headlights burn out in 40 years of driving . They usually get dimmer and encourage replacement before they fry . These Silverstar Ultra bulbs both burned out at one year and a few days . They made nice light while they lasted , but it was n't worth it to me with such a short life . I do n't even drive that much at night , except during the darker months . The short life is unacceptable to me and I wo n't be using these again . It 's too bad , because Osram was a top quality product once upon a time . PS , my Accord electrical system is performing exactly as it should .
 I replaced the headlight on my 2011 Ford Superduty , Not worth the time and effort to replace . The Ultras are no brighter , they do shine a little more to the side , not much . When they burn out I will install factorty bulbs back in .
 great performance , but terrible durability . The 4th bulb in less than a year needs replacement . Quandry . Need the good lighting , but ca n't keep spending the money .
 I just bought one and I am very disappionted.I looks just like a normal halogen lamp , nothing white about it or anything of that nature.I feel like i have been ripped off and cant return it because iI ripped the case and threw it away.I dont know why people give recommendations about how great this is and how white it is , unless I got a defective package , there is nothing `` xenon-looking '' about this.My high beams are of a different brand and you can just see how white with a blue tint that looks , I guess I shoul have bought that same brand again.What a waste of my money .
 Very poor perfomance . Installed set 4/08 . First bulb quit in 4 months , 2nd burnt out in 5 months . Replaced with standard halogens . Silverstars are only slightly brighter -LRB- I compared side to side while driving since had tochange first bulb at night while on the way home -RRB- , but not worth $ 40 . every 4-5 months.Sylvania customer service wo n't support . Local AutoZone and Advance Auto reports complaints from customers of early failures .
 Purchased these SilverStar Ultras approx .10 months ago . The first one died after 7 months and the second one died last night . They are nice and bright , but they have short life .
 put them on a Honda Odyssey , the bulbs has terrible shocking short life for this set of lights -LRB- 5 months with minimal usage -RRB- for use just about 20 minutes/day . That is a total of 50 hours for the life of one bulb although I 'm extremely carefully wearing a plastic gloves when installed them . Be aware and avoid these lights if you do n't want to change the light after 50 hours usage
 I have owned no less than 4 pairs of these ... I know , I know . Why ?! I 'm not going to go into the details , but BE WARNED - the life span of these bulbs is VERY LOW . I will never buy the Sylvania headlight brand again . Great brightness , terrible life .
 These are fairly expensive at California auto part stores . On the front of the packaging , they claim `` up to 50 % brighter , up to 40 % more reach , and up to 50 % wider . '' However , the fine print on the back says that the claims were made when comparing these bulbs at 100 % power to standard bulbs at 80 % of power !!! How can this be a fair comparison ? I thought U.S. laws were supposed to protect consumers from this type of deception.I have to 2005 Corolla CEs . When comparing these bulbs to the standard , I would say they about 20 % brighter , 10-15 % more reach , and 15 % wider . Definitely not what they claim . I have had them only a few days , so I can not comment on the longevity . However , standard bulbs easily last 2 years in or cars . After reading the comments on Amazon about longevity , I am a little worried that these wo n't last .
 I bought twin pack Silverstar Ultra , even better I got mail-in-rebate . I liked this product brighter , wider , longer than halogen.But after 10Month left one is gone . I used to use approximately headlight for 2 hours per week , it means very less.I have to say , stay away from this unless you 're willing to exchange headlihgt every 6 month .
 These bulbs burn out faster than you can replace them!Tried these first in my 2003 Mazda 6 , one went after ONE WEEK , the other about a month later . Decided to try them in my partners 2001 Honda Accord , same results . One lasted a month , the other lasted 3 . Original OEM bulbs in both cars are still burning brightly.WASTE OF MONEY !
 I have had two sets of these bulbs in my 2001 Honda Accord . The first set was the Silver Star standard bulbs . The first bulb burned out in 4 months . The second bulb blew a few weeks later . About a year later , the guy at the auto parts store talked me into trying the new `` Ultra '' Silver Stars saying that they were much improved . he was right . They lasted 50 % longer . The first bulb burned out 6 months after installation ! I was disgusted and pulled the second one out.I ended up putting the bulbs that came with the car back both times . Those bulbs are now 7 years old and still going strong.I say , do n't waste your money unless you need them for a very special road trip .
 Read the Silverstar Ultra package . `` Headlamps dim over time by 20 % or more and timely replacement results in increased lighting performance . Claims based on measured comparisons between SilverStar Ultra product family AT 100 % LIGHT OUTPUT and standard halogen bulbs AT 80 % LIGHT OUTPUT . '' -LRB- Emphasis mine -RRB- . So the new SilverStars are 20 % better than OLD regular halogen bulbs . Big deal . New regular halogen bulbs are also 20 % better than old halogen bulbs.At least I only paid 20 bucks for them on eBay . Next time , back to regular bulbs , same light benefits , less cost !
 These headlights did not meet my expectations . I do n't think they are any brighter than my old headlights which were the cheapest ones I could find . The expected lifetime on these bulbs are only a year . If I could go back I would have just bought the cheap ones again .
 Title says it all . Extremely short life . Be wise never buy this item . We live in eastern US where it is cold and thinking that Sylvania is a big name and the product would last at least for 2 - 3 years and not bother replacing . Failed within 5-6 months Brands do n't matter !
 I purchased these bulbs for my 2003 explorer in Mid August of 2011 . Its now Feb 2012 and I 've been noticing they are n't as bright . My stock bulbs were brighter and lasted longer compared to these . The reason I was focused on buying the bulbs in the first place was because they were cheaper than Walmart or any auto store in my area . Stores had the same bulbs priced in the $ 50 area and amazon had them for $ 35 . They are decent bulbs when they you first get them they lose the brightness fast .
 Despite what the package says ... this product is the normal stock yellowish color and not white AT ALL !!! Really frustrating and disappointing !!!
 I bought this product at a local shop because it had a nice rebate on it , making it only marginally more expensive than standard halogens . Since it is marketed as a headlight for better long distance vision , I thought these would be perfect . While I ca n't speak to the longevity of these headlights -LRB- I did use nitrile gloves -RRB- , in the few hours I 've used them , I 'm sorely disappointed.The problem with these -LRB- you only see this clearly when you take them out of the package -RRB- is that they have a blue tint . This is the reason why they look whiter . The problem is that the human eye is more receptive to the yellow spectrum , and that 's what the blue tint filters out . As a result , these look great when you are standing outside your car , but are horrible once you start driving . If your primary goal is to have a nicer looking car , then this is what you are looking for . But if you wish you had HIDs so that you can see better at night , these are NOT what you are looking for -LRB- I frequently drive another car with very bright white HIDs -RRB- . The white light this bulb creates is simply filtered , unlike a HID which creates true bright light . It 's like the difference between an incandescent with a filter over it -LRB- this bulb -RRB- and a fluorescent light -LRB- true xenon HID -RRB- . If this confuses anyone , just flick on your brights after installing these . You 'll immediately notice two color temperatures , and that the standard yellowish hue of the brights is far easier to see and causes less eye strain.On the positive side , these do light up the road sideways much better -LRB- so much so that I had to adjust my driver 's side headlight so that I 'm not blinding people on the highway -RRB- . However , long distance range was no different , and I suspect it 'll get worse as the bulb ages.Since I drive ~ 1,000 miles a week -LRB- half of that at night -RRB- , I 'll actually be exchanging these for the standard halogens I 'm used to . At least I can save a stamp now.Note
 The Sylvania Silver Stars have blue glass . Light output is of legal levels , but as with all blue-filtered bulbs , you do not get more light from them . The Sylvania SilverStar bulbs have a very short lifetime , because the filament is overdriven to get a legal amount of light despite the blue glass.To get the best possible seeing performance at night , do n't choose extra-white bulbs.It 's a name game
 I would definitely not recommend these for an Acura RSX . The two I installed blew out in no time . The first did n't even last a month -LRB- ! -RRB- , the second lasted less than three months . The extra brightness is not nearly enough to compensate for the lack on longevity of this product , not to mention the extra expense , and the time wasted installing these . To be honest , even the standard bulbs do n't seem to last that long on an RSX , but they definitely last way longer than Silverstars .
 I have bought three sets of Silverstars , with the most recent being the Ultra version , since it was supposed to last longer . All have lasted less than a year . IMO , the slightly whiter beam does not compensate for the short life . Any additional safety garnered by a slightly brighter light is more than offset by having to drive with only one bulb until you notice that one is dead and can get around to replacing it . Never again .
 Both bulbs blew out after only 6 months of use . I replaced with standard bulbs at 1/4 the cost . They are brighter than standard but I do not recommend .
 These lights do n't last . I do n't know how often some of you use your lights , but I use them for at least 40 minutes everyday . In less than 6 months , one of the bulb burnt out . This is the second time it happened to me.The first time was the original Silverstar and I was hopping the new version will last longer . I guess the Silverstars are made for looks , not longevity.Stay away from them unless you want to change your bulbs every six months .
 Installed these headlights in Honda Accord and Honda Civic at about the same time . Just over a year later all 4 have burned out . The original equipment bulbs in the Civic lasted 8 years . Brighter light is nice when new , but you lose the advantage when you have to drive 100 miles with just the passenger light during a snow storm . Went back to the cheap lights with the long life . Just changed out the last one outside in 20 degree temps .
 I took a chance and bought these even though everyone else said they do not last . Well . Less than 2 months after installing the lights , one of them is broken . I think I 'll try a different brand next time .
 These lights greatly improved my visibility at night and in the rain , HOWEVER , they lasted less < 6 months . I followed the install directions and even wore gloves and wiped the bulb down with alcohol after installation to prevent my finger oils from shortening life.You ca n't justify the cost when you have to replace every six months .
 I purchased a pack of 2 silver star headlight bulbs . About 8 months later , the low beam stopped working on one . I bought a replacement . 2 months later the other failed , same problem .
 I have installed theses bulbs in my 2005 Toyota Corolla . The First set was in for 12 months when the first bulb went out and while I was looking for the receipt the other followed within two weeks . At this point I thought maybe I was wrong on how long they were in , So I decided to buy another set and this time I kept receipt in my glove box . The first bulb went out in 13 months after install second bulb followed 10 days after . They do have a nice white light if you can afford 35-50 dollars every year . I will not be buying these again .
 These headlights are very bright and great while they work . Unfortunately to get the extra light output , bulb life had to be sacrificed . Expect about 12 months out of these bulbs and consider yourself to have won the lottery if you get 15 months out of them . Figured I 'd try them out but for how expensive they are I 'm not going to replace my headlights every year when the OEM ones last 4 to 5 years . Not worth the extra light for the money .
 Purchased in November 2010 and one bulb blown February 2012 . Not what I expected from sylvania . Will try another manufacturer bulbs .
 replaced the stock sylvania lites -LRB- approx 06/2006 -RRB- in my 06 civic shortly after I bought it with silverstar ULTRA 9006 su . paid $ 50 , and one burned out last night . I do n't drive that much . I only have 12k on the civic . I consider less than 2 years of bulb life unacceptable . plus I have to remove the battery on the driver 's side to change the bulb . I even use the latex medical gloves so I do n't touch the bulb while installing . I put a set of these in my wife 's 03 Rav last fall , and am anxious to see how long they last . not buying these again .
 Unfortunately I paid the full list price at a local store and in fewer then six months the bulb had broken . Only then did I realize they have a life span of hundreds , not thousands , of hours . At list price it would not be worth it compared to lesser quality but longer lasting and cheaper bulbs . However , when purchased with rebates and deep discounts this could be a good value as long as you do n't mind replacing it frequently.For someone who rarely drives at night these are recommended .
 STAY AWAY unless you are very rich ! I agree that these headlights are very bright and work very well . However , my first bulb lasted 7 months . I was hoping that it might have been a defect and ended up buying another 2-pack . I replaced that bulb and the other one burned out in another month . I replaced that one and then the first bulb blew again in 4 months.I replaced that bulb with a Phillips . The last Sylvania burned out again in another month . At $ 25 a bulb you need to be pretty rich to afford these . That was $ 100 in bulbs in less than a year!Both Phillips bulbs have been in for 1-2 months now . I hope they last ! They are almost as good as the Sylvania.Update
 I bought these for my wife 's vanfiguring they would light up our dark roads better . i saw no real appreciable difference in lighting . They lasted 2 years and were shot . Buy some other brand !!!
 Brightest bulb out of 3 I 've tried , but I had both go out on me within a week after 8 months . I called Sylvania and they said the bulb life is only rated at 200 hours . They are sending me replacements , but when these go out I 'm going to definitely try something different . There are a lot of deer in my area and I need as much light as possible , but there has got to be a better alternative to replacing bulbs in less than one year . I 'll go back to these if I have to , because it 's not worth getting my car -LRB- or myself -RRB- torn up due to a deer crossing the road .
 Got the bulbs in December of 2008 . Great improvement over OEM . However both bulbs burned out this week , August of 2009 . Headlight bulbs should last more than nine months . Not sure what the deal is . Buy with caution .
 I bought these for my Suburban primarily for towing our camper at night . The increased visibility was nice however they gave no improvement in rain , and after a year one has burned out already ! Now a year may seem reasonable until you consider this vehicle is rarely driven at night . It 's May now and the last time we had it out at night was to see Christmas lights.So I will try Philips or GE now , no more Sylvania .
 I double check the references on here and it does not fit a 2002 Chevy Tahoe as it claims to . the socket is similar but the plugs are not . Package has been returned .
 The color of the bulbs was not what I thought it would be . The comparison pictures did not match at all . The product shipped on time and was in working order though .
 Before I ordered I used the parts comparability tool to make sure these lamps works for my 2006 Lexus GX470 . The information that I got said it does . So I went ahead and ordered them . Number one it came it WITHOUT the original packaging , there were 2 lamps loosely wrapped in some bubble wraps . I could not tell if it was used . Nevertheless I proceeded to install them guess what ? There were the wrong types . I made sure to tried both high and low beams to make sure that I did select the wrong ones and both beams did not fit . I was able to return them but still have to pay for the > $ 5.00 shipping charges.I think the seller and Amazon were irresponsible in that they should make sure the comparability tool is updated . If there was an option I would pick -1 star . Very disappointed .
 Ahhhh C'MON !!!! I was going to buy these headlight bulbs - UNTIL I read most of these reviews and checked on some other material . -- 8 - 12 months!That is DEFINITELY not what I 'm about to purchase . I 've been driving for quite a while and know what is and what is not a bargain . These do not appear to be a bargain -LRB- for me -RRB- . I know Sylvania wants to make a profit but - 8 - 12 months AND they start to dim even before that . I also do not buy the line that one should change out the lights every 12 months . At the `` VERY '' earliest , I would suggest , ` MAYBE , ' every 24 months.But it is finally time to change mine out - I 've had them in for a little over five years and they are dimming -LRB- I 've been lucky I guess in the longevity of these bulbs - Honda Accord V6 -RRB- . I am really glad to have read all the reviews and am just not about to shell out for these at this time ...
 I agree with the other reviewer . The tubes ARE what is shown in the photo . The tubes on the fuel filter for my car point the exact opposite directions , crossing over the filter . I bent the fuel lines on this one so that the fuel lines in the car did n't get kinked . If you have a subaru , you probably need a different brand .
 This spoiler sucks , its a f*cking rip off , do not buy it off of here.The screws that go in the middle of the spoiler do n't even reach cause the middle part of the spoiler is too short , & not long.This is not worth buying for the 1990-1993 Accord.DO NOT BUY .
 This item was n't manufactured right ... I bought it for my 2004 Cadillac CTS and after trying to install I realized that the two sided tape was placed on the wrong side of the visor ... It 's placed on the side where the glass slide up and the tape clings to the glass and pulls the visor down with the glass ... I wo n't buy this brand again ... I gave it one star because of fast prime shipping ...
 Used the Amazon part finder to purchase this product for my 08 Cadillac CTS . When the package arrived it stated fits 03-07 . Contacted the manufacturer and found out they stopped making this product after 07 . Thanks to Amazon for making the return process easy and painless , however learned a valuable lesson . When using part finder make sure you check with the manufacturer first to ensure it fits your model year .
 The Wrap worked great for me for the first couple years of use , though the plastic that houses the key and remote is of poor quality and started to fall apart after several months . No big deal , the key still worked . Until ... last week , the lock somehow jammed , and I was unable to unlock the Wrap from my steering wheel . I struggled with it for quite some time and even called the 1-800 number on the key . Of course , no one answered . I left a message in a panic , and , of course , no one returned my call . The only way to remove the Wrap was to cut it open and dismantle the lock . The bf brought out his drill and chipped away at the metal and plastic . About an hour later , with a mess of metal and plastic shavings blanketing the car 's interior , we removed the Wrap . Overall , a horrible experience . I would never recommend the Wrap to anyone and am searching for a new security device . Suggestions ?
 I bought this maybe 3 years ago after my car got broken into . My car almost got stolen but luckily I had a masterlock steering wheel lock on it . Pissed off that they still caused damage , I thought I 'd take it up a notch . I got this product thinking they no one would want to mess with this thing my friends jokingly called the `` anal rectifier '' but it 's so poorly made and not well executed . It was n't locking tight enough so I emailed support and they basically mailed me 2 pads to put on the inside . I guess that works ? So now it 's tighter but the lock is very difficult to turn with the key when it 's too tight . It 's as if the notching mechanism inside is too far apart.This thing also ate batteries like crazy . It would be dead in weeks , if that , and I hated replacing the batteries constantly . It 's also just feels a bit cheap along with the remote . It squeaked and made cracking sounds and it sounded like someone could just rip it off if they wanted to . Sure , it had an alarm on it , but I was scared it was going to go off in my face and kill my hearing . It sounds good on paper , but once you have it , it 's not as safe and secure as it should be and I was never confident with the alarm capabilities . For the price and the hassle , this product is absolutely not worth it . Go back to The Club or the masterlock steering wheel locks you can pretty much find anywhere . I hear they 're a little shady on their warranty but at least it prevented my car from getting stolen last time -LRB- And from the looks of it , he REALLY tried -RRB- .
 Sent in warranty card as directed ; it was returned unopened - stated no mail receptacle . It is hard to install . The key wo n't turn unless it is lose on the steering wheel . Battery went dead in two weeks . Alarm is not as loud as I hoped . Will continue to use for a while
 I purchased this product because I thought the string light would work well under the dash of a 1992 Buick Lesabre , which has a perfect little groove for the light to follow.There are two bad things about this product . First , it is a DISGUSTING light blue not anything like the color that Pilot advertises . Secondly , the cigarette adapter provided makes an annoying humming sound while they are plugged in . If I had n't got the item so cheap I would have returned it .
 Very hard to install . Be sure to get the correct channel . I thought I did , but I did n't . Now it 's just junk for me . Also ... It is not easily switched on or off , so when you put this on , be ready to live with it for a while .
 I thought this was going to fit my 2000 wrangler but it did not , and by the time I pulled it out of the box to put it on and find it was not the correct type to conect to the top of my windsheild to much time had passed to return it for a full refund . So in the end I should have checked as soon as it had shown up , I will know better next time but it also should have fit per the description on the add .
 When I went to install these rotors after I had the first one installed and went to do the other side I found that , though the part number on both boxes were the same , the second box did not contain the same rotor . Both boxes appeared to have the factory seal so this appeared to be the fault of quality control . Because of this I returned all of the parts I ordered for this job and went with Genuine OEM parts . It cost more but the fit was of course perfect and the quality of the parts appeared to be far superior.As a side not I ordered these from Amazon and they refunded my money and sent a return label promptly . I am very happy with Amazon 's service.HTH , Robert Loose
 Mine started tearing the day I put it on my steering wheel . Of the three rubber parts , one tore within 12 hours of me putting on my steering wheel and left padding hanging out . Another has half of the rubber bits coming off . The third is the only one intact .
 The wheel cover lasted about a week before it was ripped and coming apart . I would not buy this product again .
 Mossy Oak Steering Wheel Cover . Bought it for a F 150 and it was too small
 This seat cover is cute , and it will get the job done . However , it has a hard time staying in place , so you 'll have to readjust it every time you get in the car ! The elastic that holds the cover to the seat also wore out pretty fast ... I have n't even had it for a year ! But it 's fairly functional . I would say a full seat cover is better , if it will fit your seat .
 The picture is wrong !!!! What I tried to buy was the tachometer but what I got was a different thing ? . ????
 Very hard to install . Be sure to get the correct channel . I thought I did , but I did n't . Now it 's just junk for me . Also ... It is not easily switched on or off , so when you put this on , be ready to live with it for a while .
 I thought this was going to fit my 2000 wrangler but it did not , and by the time I pulled it out of the box to put it on and find it was not the correct type to conect to the top of my windsheild to much time had passed to return it for a full refund . So in the end I should have checked as soon as it had shown up , I will know better next time but it also should have fit per the description on the add .
 I 've ordered 3 carburetors during the past 1 years and the first two were Edelbrock 's Thunder Series 500 & 650 CFMs w/Endurashine . Both were beautiful and worked to perfection . When I changed my heads & cam , I decided to order the Edlebrock 750 CFM , 1407 and save a few dollars -LRB- versus the Thunder/Endurashine -RRB- . Well that turned out to be a major mistake . The carburetor arrived and I immediately noticed the plastic cover bag did not appear new and the carb base plate had nicks/scratches . Also , it was missing the base gasket . I used my old gasket and thought the nicks/scratches would not affect the performance of the carburetor , so I installed it . The car was running rich -LRB- it was fine with the Thunder 650 CFM -RRB- so I started to fine tune the carb , and that 's when I noticed the right air/fuel mixture screw was loose -- should not be ; the spring & close tolerance of the screw should keep the screw snug throughout all adjustments . I should have checked these screws before installing the carb ... it was totally unexpected . When turning the screw to within 1 turn of the stop , the screw was snug , but the carb was out of tune . Turning the screw to an optimal setting -LRB- RPM/Idle -RRB- , and the screw was loose . It 's all about quality and I 'm very disappointed with Edelbrock 's quality control and Amazon.com 's quality control WRT inspecting their packages .
 The unit I recieved contained a very poor looking casting that still had metal shavings in it . I returned the unit and will be purchasing another brand .
 it shows that fits bmw 318i wen it does n't , I end up espending twice t money and a whole morning because its the wrong part
 The description does not give the length , and you would think that for $ 24 list that you are going to get 4-6 feet of bumper . Not so , you get 24 inches . Of course , you also get `` all the hardware to install '' -- this is three screws not even long enough to go through wallboard to a stud and 3 small plastic anchors . It also does not look like the picture -- it is a flat piece of plastic about 24 `` x4 '' with an attaching flange . I really did n't expect this to be much , but I was still very disappointed . Should sell for $ 1.99 .
 This Wall Guard is just two feet in length , not allowing much room for error in placement . Plus , it will only work for one particular vehicle being parked in nearly the exact same position each time . They could have made it a bit bigger , for the price .
 Like the others I find that this does n't stay still . Every time we park the car it slides forward . I tried duct taping it to the floor of the garage - that helps but it still needs to be adjusted every few days .
 I ordered two of these from Amazon.com and then waited more than three weeks before they arrived . Within a day , I noticed that they would not stay in place on the garage floor . Whenever you park using them , they move.These are junk . Do n't buy them .
 It moves forward whenever I go over it , and after a few weeks you are hitting the wall again . Bought a simillar product , ParkingTarget , and it has a sticky tape underneath so it does n't move around . Check it out for yourself , I am glad I found out ... I just wish someone told me before I bought this expensive piece of plastic . I bought mine from ParkingTarget.com .
 This product has an internal flaw since it does n't stay still ! Is n't the point that it needs to be perfectly kept still for you to get the `` same place '' parking ? Anyway , I threw mine out it was so bad ... now I got the ParkingTarget , which was an adhesive strip on the bottom of it , so it stays in place . That one works much better -LRB- you can find them at parkingtarget.com -RRB- .
 Like other reviewers , I have discovered that this thing does not stand still . It should have had built in rubber feet . I had to carpet tape it to the garage floor . It works fine now.It also works best with manual cars because automatic cars will tend to want to continue driving over it . I have to put the minivan into neutral and let go of the brake for a split second to allow the wheels to adjust itself .
 This is a very poor version of this type product . I purchased two online after my local home improvement stores stopped carrying a different version . The ones in the store were heavy , this one is light as a feather , which is why it will not stay in place . I have tried heavy duty two sided tape , heavy duty glue , and duct tape , and nothing will work .
 this parking guide slides on my garage floor . i glued some old rubber innertubes on the bottom of it at it seems to help . it still gradually slides over time though .
 Cheap Chinese slippery and hard plastic . They slide all over . Totally useless . FAIL !
 The matt tends to slip around alot , maybe my cement should be rougher . I had to put marks on the floor to keep putting it back . Dont know quite how to fix that , .
 I regret buying this thing . Unless you drive into your garage very precisely , you 're going to miss it , because it 's far too narrow . Maybe if you buy three or four and tape them side by side , they will work more reliably , but it would be cheaper to use an alternative that is not as sensitive to your car 's left and right position.This works best if you have a very narrow space in your garage and always end up in the same spot , but otherwise forget it .
 This top would be great , IF Amazon.com had updated this in their system . I specifically checked with the vehicle identification system and it said that this top would fit my Jeep Wrangler 2003 . No way no how does it even come close to fitting . After trying it , realizing Amazon was not even close I went to the vendor website and found this is for a 2002 and earlier jeep . Amazon , update your website . If you have anything newer than a 2002 jeep skip this product.Now as far as the cover quality . Damn , it is great ! I wish it did fit my jeep as the material is sturdy but rolls up very small . I hate to return this , as I could tell this is UV proof , rain resistant if not proof , snow proof , just sturdy strong heavy material .
 it cheaper to buy it at northern tools than it is to buy it online . Youll save $ 20dollars buying it somewhere else than you would here .
 Sorry , have n't bought this -LRB- yet -RRB- . But I wanted to point out that the product details list the length of this item as 81 inches . Although this is the part number recommended for my 2000 Ford Ranger short bed truck , my truck bed is only 72 '' long . It 's not clear if this will really fit , although it 's what is recommended . Is the 81 '' length the length of the shipping box ? Based on the product details , I would not buy this for my truck .
 These are heavy stiff Herman Munster boots . I would not want a breakdown and have to walk anywhere in them . I returned them and Amazon has a great return Policy .
 These were used simply for vacuum , but the heat from the engine melted holes and caused major problems . Would not recommend .
 Not reinforced well enough and will compress after heating but works well further away from the engine .
 This gibson exhaust SUCKS ! Did not fit right on my 2010 Chevy Colorado , installer had to bend pipes to fit.Cannot put tire under truck or tire rubs on pipe.WOULD NOT recommend this to anyone.This bad review is against Gibson not Amazon !
 hose is too soft for vacuum use if there is engine heat , it flattens out ...
 I ordered this thinking it would fit my car it is listed universal when I received it the box was old and tattered the inclosed wrench for installation was rusty and the bag with the screws was torn open.I did not fit my car because written really small on the front of the package it says can not be used for vehicles with overdrive gear this was not noted on the description.It also feels very cheaply made like pressing in the button to shift too many times and it may break .
 Wood Finish means really cheap ugly plastic . I threw it away rather than deal with it .
 What I received contained only the piston and cylinder . It did not contain the resevoir and hose as shown . I requested a replacement , was told it was on backorder , so I held on to the first one just in case . I received the replacement identical to the first about a month later , still missing the resevoir . I 'm keeping one and just returned the other as it 's still a competitive price . My main complaint is that I did n't get what was shown .
 I would give these one star , but they do work and work well once you 've actually installed them . However , I bought a set of these and set of the traditional bearing buddies ; bearing buddies install 40seconds or less ; these 10 minutes of wiggling and jiggling to get them perfectly fit into and stay in . I will spend the extra dollars next time for two sets of bearing buddies !
 Needs to be taller . I bought this and found that it will not work with my weight distributing hitch , It needs to be 3 - 4 inches taller to avoid the conflict .
 A solid product . Unfortunately , the rise is n't enough for me to tow and use the top for a bike rack or hitch hauler .
 I bought this for my 1998 Chevrolet C1500 with the folding `` sport '' mirrrors , after the existing mirror glass was broken.First thing I noticed was that there is n't any extra included adhesive - I 'm assuming they want you to re-use the adhesive that 's on the glass that makes it stick to the cardboard packaging , which is only one small strip right in the middle . I bought some heavy-duty 3M double-sided tape to use instead.Then I found out that , after removing the old mirror 's glass , the replacement part would n't fit into the mirror 's plastic frame . A few minutes spent with my Dremel tool and a diamond cutting blade removed about 1/8 '' from the inside edge of the mirror.Once installed I also noticed that the mirror is darker than the original glass . Prior to installing I was surprised to see that you can see through the mirror rather than only a reflection , so it seems the mirror design is n't as good as the OEM mirror . I had n't thought it would affect the mirror once installed , but the new one 's obviously darker.Silly me for assuming a replacement mirror glass would be a simple 1-minute installation . Next time I 'll go OEM .
 It is a very loose fit . I 'm going to have to shim it to keep it from moving a lot . This is a very poor design - try a different brand .
 I ordered this brush along with other products from Amazon , thinking that the Super Saver shipping would apply . I was mistaken , and emailed the company selling this brush that I wanted to cancel this order , as the $ 7.00 shipping on a $ 3.99 brush was excessive . They ignored my cancel request , and shipped it anyway . It would cost me probably $ 3.00 to ship it back , and they know that ... so I keep the brush , having paid enough to buy a much better quality one , and they keep the excessive shipping profit .
 After a lot of research , I was originally going to go with the 50 series , but I ended up second guessing it and choosing the 40 at the muffler shop . I knew that was the wrong decision for my 4.3 L V6 Chevy S-10 on the way home . The sound from the outside at idle and with a blip of the throttle is deep and mellow . I would n't call it overly loud at idle , and I actually did get some complements on the sound . Where I never quite got on board with it was the resonance inside the cab . It is hard to describe , but while cruising , the constant `` bwwahhhhh '' sound was just the right pitch to get on my nerves in that small space . I was late to a friend 's house once , so I was rushing to get there . When I arrived , he told me that he heard me come around the bend a mile up the road ! This was reinforced by the fact that several people have told me through the years that they could always hear me coming and I experienced it myself when people returned the truck after borrowing it . If I had it to do over again , I 'm would definitely have gone with something quieter for sure . Something that did n't make it so that you have to yell to be heard by your passenger and had a better sound at cruising speeds or while under load . On the other hand , if you 've got a teenager , and you want to know when they come and go , get these ! Part of my issues could have been due to the small truck that it was on , and the fact that the muffler had to be located directly behind the passenger seat . Just to be thorough , I had a single pipe into the 40 , and two coming out . The pipes exited straight out the back , on either side of the license plate -LRB- halfway between the edge of the plate and the corner of the bumper -RRB- .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 I wrote the Shipper informing them to not ship that would wait on item . Next thing you know they ship it and then write me telling me they were trying to get package back . Got delivery from FedEx only to find out it was not the Item as shown in Image . Ver obvious since the Package itself was 3/4 the size of the actual TailLight Assy . In addition , Return Policy is kind of messed up .
 Installed in a 2007 Nissan Murano and suffered immediate degradation in engine performance -LRB- -3 mpg -RRB- and extremely loud engine noise -LRB- roughness when revving and erratic rev count when idling -RRB- . Both issues stopped when i switched to standard Nissan parts .
 At first I was very excited by this filter . Even wrote a glowing review.That was before the hot weather arrived , though whether this was a cause or coincidence is unknown . All I know is that , after 10 days , the Check Engine Light came on and the car refused to go above 2,500 RPM . Kept cutting out and jerking back and forth . Put the stock filter back in and the problem disappeared . Whether it is simply that Nissans/Infinitis with the V6 engine are particularly sensitive to fuel/air mixes , whether it 's the weather or whether the design is bad , this filter did not work . I am returning it .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 This rotor is 12 '' in diameter , but the O.E. rotor is 11 '' , therefore it does n't fit . The rotor is over 1 '' thick , but the O.E. rotor is less than 1 '' . This rotor is much too thick and is too large in diameter to fit into the housing ! I 'll have to return both rotors.Real bummer when you 've got everything jacked up and disassembled .
 This rotor is 12 '' in diameter , but the O.E. rotor is 11 '' , therefore it does n't fit . The rotor is over 1 '' thick , but the O.E. rotor is less than 1 '' . This rotor is much too thick and is too large in diameter to fit into the housing ! I 've returned the part .
 I ordered the unit and it took 26 days to arrive . Assembly was straightforward and the fit and finish was fine . Hooked the unit up to a manual switch and it was underpowered for the house . After much effort , it was clear that the generator pumped out a solid 100 volts ac , not 120 . It could n't even run a handtool at full power . HMMM ... 10,000 watts , eh ? Next came Porter Cable NATIONAL service . It took them 48 hours to respond and when they did , it was basically to say its not their problem - try the local service center to see if they fix generators . The local service place was more sympathetic , but that does n't put power in your lines . I am probably going to be stuck lugging a 350 lb . brand new generator to see if they can find out what 's wrong . I 'll give the generator 2 stars on looks alone . But I would much prefer a generator that is useable and that has a service crew that is even minimally interested in helping . One way or another I will get this thing to work , but for something that costs over $ 2ooo , I would have expected a generator that had been inspected by someone other than me .
 I received my generator as promised and began to assemble the brackets and wheels . The instruction manual had poor photos of what I was supposed to do . When I got to the wheel brackets , I found that they had been drilled wrong and the holes did not line up with the frame ! . A call to DeVilbiis put me on hold for 20 minutes and then I spoke to a rep who told me they would send out new brackets the next day by 2 day shipping . That was a week ago and the brackets have not arrived so the generator is still on the wooden pallet in my garage . Another phone call resulted in a 30 minute hold and I had to hang up . I found a local dealer and will try him after the easter weekend , butI am ready to ask Amazon to cancel my credit card purchase and arrange to pick up the darn gerarator . Of course once you open the package it is destroyed leaving me in a quandry . I will update this in a few days . WATCH OUT for Porter CableAddenduM 12/18/07Got my brackets and installed them But in a tranfer box . Generator works as advertised now Have not used it much but it fires up every time and delivers Happy Again
 Purchased this product because it said `` for camaro '' when I received the package it said it was for c5 Corvette only ... so it did n't fit on my car ... so it was a waste of my time an 40 dollars an I did n't feel like dealing with the hassle of the return process so luckily I had a buddy with a vett so I was able to sell it to him. , bitten line the product needs more clarifying information !
 I purchased this generator this past summer and it was damaged during shipping , though it was only apparent after removing it from the box -LRB- bent frame -RRB- . Although I never added any fluids to the unit , Amazon refused to replace the generator , citing `` danger from combustible liquids '' or something . As I stated , the unit was bone dry . Stick with a vendor who has the ability to deal with after-the-sales service . Hate to give the unit itself 1 star , because it is a very nice generator , but Amazon has no business selling this type of equipment .
 It does not fit 2002 Saturn S-series , which means that it will not fit 2000-2002 s series . I am sending it back . Save yourself the hassle .
 After years of using the Step 2 Sealer & Glaze and Step 3 Carnuba Wax Systems , I switched from using Turtle Wax Polishing Compound -LRB- the lightest version of Polishing Compound on the market -RRB- to this Pre-Wax Cleaner from Mothers.After using the Mothers 3 Step System with Pre-Wax Cleaner for about 4 years now , the Pre-Wax Cleaner just is n't strong enough for the scratches that need a bit stronger compound . I 've given it it 's fair time with about 4 different bottles of application , but always keep handy the Turtle Polishing Compound to remove scratches that periodically appear .
 Sent it back . the unit was not the one shown in the ad . Very small output . Do not buy
 I ordered this based on the price and picture , believing it was the copper/brass radiator.Boy was I upset when it showed up . This is nothing but a way overprice aluminum and plastic Ready-Rad . There is no way it is the product represented by the description and picture . I would suspect this is more of an issue with Omix-Ada than Amazon . Someone somewhere messed up the crossover from Ready-Rad to Omix-ADa . No sense in pointing fingers though.The shipping box had both Ready-Rad and OMIX_ADa stickers on it , one said Made in USA , The other said Made in Mexico!AVOID this particular item unless they get the price and or description fixed . The correct Ready-Rad part # is 436020 .
 I used this product on my Honda Odyssey 2002 . This casue the SRS light lit on . I brought the van to Honda Dealer and they said this took away the power from the vehicle that cause the SRS module failure . The cost to repair may upto $ 800 . I plan to return this product to Amazon.What is the return process?Thanks , Peter
 I do n't know what they do for quality control at this company . I bought this unit several years ago and left it in the box until such time as we had a power failure . I have a large fish tank that needs water to circulate , otherwise the fish will die . I keep a charged 12V battery in case the power goes out and when used with this type of inverter , it will power the pump for several days . Imagine my surprise when the time came to use it and it did not work . Luckily the power came on shortly afterward . Sad comment on this company though .
 bought it , fast shipping ill give you that , only reason for 1 star . . bolted on , does n't really fit right , made me wind up almost doing a burnout , put the car in D , foot on BRAKE STILL , did n't realize the foot pedal was that wide , my foot was on both the brake and the gas , all i did was move off the brake and the car started peeling out :P 5 minutes later i unbolted it and threw it right in the garbage , cute idea but do n't waste your $ $ $
 The listing said they would fit my truck however they are too small even though the application said they would fit . I noticed another review on here for the same problem so apparently they have n't fixed it yet . They look nice in the package but I 'm disappointed that they have n't resolved this issue .
 It says it fits a 2004 Dodge Ram 1500 , the Dodge Ram uses 9/16 '' - 18 , these are 1/2 '' and will never fit .
 After installation I found that both my doors contact the mirrors inflicking damage to both the mirrors and the doors . The mirrors were now my door stops . I went for a ride , the driver 's side mirror vibrated to the point it was not viewable . The passenger 's side was TOTALLY invisable because of the windshield post !!! This product is JUNK . Even if I was going to use my Jeep doorless all the time , only one mirror is useable and it shakes!NOTE
 I am not happy with the purchase of ACDelco GF652 Fuel Filter . It took a while to get here and the packaging was not very neat , tears in the box . There was n't any instructions included and was difficult to figure out how to connect . It 's still not working .
 This product did not fit . it was about an half inch shorter than the original and the lines would not hook up . 1998 Saturn SL2
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Was n't even close to being correct part for my application even though the description indicated that it was the correct part .
 Do n't be fooled like me . Despite the picture showing the light and the lens , this is for the LENS ONLY . My bad ... I did n't read the description thoroughly enough .
 1997 Chevy K1500 , Z71 pickup with 5.7 V8 and AT . I bought the MSD Ignition and blaster coil . The first thing I had to do was get a noise suppressor for the radio . The MSD suppressor worked fine on FM , CD , and Satelite , except on low end of AM radio like 530 to 690 range still bled over , however , that may be my truck . The unit boosted my gas mileage from 14.5 MPG to about 17 MPG . I was happy with the results , I could see no difference in performace but engine has headers , RV cam , and a flowed exhaust system already . Six months go by ... A couple of days ago the truck stalled in a parking lot but started right up and then died a couple of more times at stop lights . No problem it started ran fine , never threw a computer code , and when I tried to start it next day it was DOA , a $ 40 tow bill later , and $ 165 shop repair bill , the shop said it was dead . Sending it in for replacement , but my mechanic says the good ones work and the bad ones dont . Apparantly a quality control issue . The good thing he said was MSD does good warranty work . Kind of a crap shoot , I guess .
 msd must stand for ; mama says do n't . do n't ask for help from the customer service professional . `` This would be a great job , except for the customers . ''
 The bushing is oil lite which is soft . Putting it in the door it fit fine but putting the pin in it crutched it up . There is no need for that type material there . A regular brass bushing would have been better . Now , I 'll have to get one made at a machine shop around here , somewhere . I am not sure if Dorman 's is the same as or a replica of Chevrolet 's version but whether it is or not I am not putting that back in.Oillite works in places such a drive chains , -LRB- motorcycles , conveyors and such -RRB- but the door moves 30 - 40 degree slowly . It 's not necessary . I not bother to send it back . Another waste of time and money , either way .
 This pump was terrible ! Do n't waste your money . The bulb leaked so it wo n't provide much suction . After 5 minutes I finally got gas to the bulb , it leaked on my hand . Absolutely useless .
 I bought one of these to remove the water at the bottom of a water softener . This is too much volume to try to use this siphon on . The hose is 1/4 '' outside diameter . The inside diameter is small and does n't allow much volume to pass though it.The hose length is 6 ' from tip to tip . As the other reviewer commented the curl in the tubing when it comes out of the package is a real problem . It was winter time when I tried to use it , so I could n't put it out in the sun like the other reviewer suggests to un-curl it . I thought about using a heat gun on it , but ended up just putting a weight on one end.With this siphon bulb you need to put a finger over the end of the tube when you squeeze the bulb . You need to fill the bulb and tubing with fluid before you take your finger off the end to get it to siphon.In the end I ended up throwing this away and buying a piece of tubing from the hardware store to do it the old fashion way .
 Do n't waste your hard earned money on this worthless piece of future recyclable . I purchased this to transfer liquids and all it does is leak and make your hands and clothes smell of the liquid your transferring . Additionally , it 's hard to keep the hoses reasonably straightened for transfer purposes as they like to curl -LRB- see the product picture -RRB- . Might be a good siphoning concept in this form , but the materials used are better served recycled into something else . I suppose if you make and market a shoddy product and only about half get returned , you still made a tidy bundle .
 I purchased this exact product '' Custom Accessories 36668 TUBE SIPHON PUMP - 6 ' '' from a local dealer.Number one issue for me was that the product is not usable in cold weather.The bulb is a plastic material not a softer rubber so on the day I needed to use it when the air temp was about 44F . the siphon bulb was hard as a rock ! I have big hands and I could not squeeze it at all.When I did use it on a warmer day the hose barb fittings on the bulb are not air tight and it leaked air.I did get it to work on the second attempt but delivery was very slow and a stream of bubbles indicateda air leak at the fittings at the bulb.Won ' t use it again.Try the jiggler type siphon , they seam to work better .
 I read the reviews and thought I could deal with this item . So when I received it , I set the curled up tube in a system that would straighted the tubes . However , when released a few day later , it curled right back up . I went to use it today to transfer gas between my truck and a generator . The connection around the pump leaked and I got gas all over myself .
 Tried to prime the siphon for a few minutes without success . Hose stays curled up . If one person held one end of the hose in a liquid and another person held their finger over the other end with squeezing the bulb , one should get the bulb/hose to prime . With the hose size , I 'm estimating it would take 2 minutes to siphon one gallon .
 Even at $ 4.00 this item is just not worth buying ! The clear plastic tubing was pinched from the packaging in so many places that the suction was next to impossible . The pump ball kept detaching from the hose on both ends as well , so this is just not worth your money !
 I bought this product to drain theoil from the lawnmower grank case . After squeezing the ball nunerous times I got just a little bit of air and no oil . I tried again and again and failed miserably . I think it would be easier sucking feathers out of a pillow . I give this product a thumbs down .
 My son purchased this product and was very disappointed with it when he opened up the package . Everywhere the plastic tube was folded in the package , it was kinked and split open . Luckily he found another one at a near by store close to our home . We would not recommend this for anyone to buy . We found out it would cost us more to send it back than what he purchased it for . I think this is one of the first items we have purchased that we were highly disappointed in the quality of it .
 cheap POS made from China . Bulb does n't work , hard plastic . Just buy some tubing and save yourself some money . R
 The Product failed in its first use . Leaks considerably when siphoning Gas . In the past I had better quality siphons like this .
 I bought two of these siphons , mainly on price . Big mistake . Both had the tubing so badly kinked when they arrived that they were unusable , even after trying to soften and fix using warm water.Simply does not work !
 I had this item for about six months before the bulb cracked and leaked . Before that it worked out for my needs in a pinch . That being said , it was n't convenient or very well designed . The flow from my gas tank -LRB- appropriately placed above my target -RRB- was limited by the very narrow tubing . The biggest complaint that I have is that the tubing is very rigid and maintains its curl from the packaging . Since it stays curled , you have to hold it in place while the liquid is transferring or else it will pull out of one of the containers . That , combined with the low flow , means that you have to stand there for 15 minutes to empty a 5 gallon container . Annoying .
 Do not buy this . Thin hose , plastic !! pump bladder , not rubber . Go to Habor freight tools . I bought 2 from there and they are at least decent .
 Like others said , the curled hose is a problem . The other is the stiffness of the bulb . It 's hard rubber so it 's very hard to squeeze the bulb to start siphoning . If the air temp is 65 degrees fahrenheit or colder , good luck trying to squeeze the bulb . I would 've given this no stars if it was possible .
 I kept it for overall uses from garage to other but soon found out it is a cheap quality . The hose is stiff so it kept curling on me -LRB- splashing fluid everywhere -RRB- . The screw-type connectors at the hose ends are cheapy plastic so even if it was really hand tightened , fluid would still leak or at best seep through those weak spots . I guess the only bright spot would be the siphon bulb but even that is stretching it . At this point , I think it got tossed in the trash while cleaning out the garage . Do n't say I or the others did n't warn you .
 Bad because it said it would fit my car but when i got it , it was a complete different part . they should have images of the actual item but the delivery and return process went very smooth got my money back 3-4 days after i sent it back
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 The mirror reflects with significant distortions and it is very annoying . There a waviness to the reflection and the objects seem significantly further away than they actually are .
 I bought this to do porting . The mandrel bent right away and the sanding rolls are held together with a rubber band ?? These are complete junk .
 poorly made did not hold up . Had to get some more went to harbor freight got better ones for less money .
 These clear bumper guards DO NOT use 3M tape ... They came off after 2hrs ! They also had a slight Blue tint to them ... The GLUE also looked like bubbles ... Peeled them off before it was to late ... Would peel paint off for sure if given chance to dry ... If it had 3M tape I think they would be ok ... But they ca n't because 3M is white and would show !!!! Black is better choice ...
 This is not an in-channel type visor . Contrary to above review it is the type that sticks onto the paint around windows .
 I have purchased Milton products for years because of the high quality . I have purchased two of these in the last year , and both have calibration issues after 3-4 months of commercial use . I ca n't say I will pay for another .
 The pressure gauge only worked once . I really liked the weight and how solid it felt but I can get an inflator for a lot less . I was tempted to order the 501 model but once bitten twice shy . Sure appreciate Amazon and their ease of return policy .
 Will not ship to a PO Box.This is a major inconvenience to the millions of Americans that use a PO Box for convenience and security.The inflator gauge works well . -LRB- When I finally got it . -RRB-
 This is a great , high-quality mitt but it came ripped on the right side !! I am returning it immediately , and I am very disappointed . I used it once and it holds suds and everything . I must have gotten a rare mistake .
 This is a relatively cheap wash mitt . There is a lot of foam padding , however the actual microfiber content is minimal and not thick or plush . There are many better , higher end microfiber towels available from dedicated detailing stores .
 The mitt is okay but too thin.It feels like a thin towel when you use it to wash your car.And the mitt is too big . My hand was moving all over inside of it.Mitt was okay but material wayyyy tooo thin . Needs to be much thicker if it wants to do the job right.Better off getting a microfiber towel or sponge than this .
 The idea of carressing my beautiful car with a soapy mitt ... ahhh . But maybe it should be a glove instead of a big square mit . The thing is heavy and flops around , and the soapy solution runs out fast ... needs lotsa dunks . It 's OK ... but not great . But that 's just my opinion .
 Bought this item about a year ago , from Amazon and the actual installation did n't take place until this summer . Well based upon previous buying experiences from Amazon , I never checked the part when it arrived last year , my bad ... never will happen again either > Well it just so happens this item was an opened box -LRB- bag and box -RRB- item and seeing it was purchased a year ago I just had to go with it . Well now I have the pump installed and the vehicle has a harder start condition now with this pump installed , so just talking with you wo n't consider Carter pumps in the future and will always inspect packages in the future ...
 Package clear says it is for 97-03 F150 Extended CabI selected 2004 F150 Crew Cab from amazon car selection and this is what it gave meSending back and order from somewhere else
 I am very disapointed in my recent order as these vent shades do not fit on my '06 Jeep Liberty as advertised on the web site . The front shades are short and rear shades are much too long . Received package also does not list my vehicle even though the numbers match .
 After entering the make , model and year of my truck and being advised by Amazon that it would fit , I bought the window vent set . The price was way below the normal cost and I thought I was getting a bargain . When it arrived it not only did not fit but was for a completely different model . I called customer service and was advised that they would only give me a refund and would not send me the one that fit my truck even though they had them in stock . The price I paid was so reasonable that I did n't want to wast my time by going through all the B.S. of the refund process . Be careful buying stuff from these people , they will stick it to you . I 've decided not to make any more purchases from Amazon as I feel that their selling policy and customer service STINKS !!!!! I am telling anyone who will listen that Amazon does not do the right thing for it 's customers and that they should shop somewhere else .
 I installed this mirror on a 2004 Buick LeSabre on the drivers side door . I had no installation problems at all , and it looked good . About two weeks ago I noticed that the mirror has two separate vertical cracks in it , and for no apparent reason other then it has to be made with junk . Now the glass is falling out ! It does n't show any signs that it was hit or anything , there are no dents or scuff marks of any kind on the painted area of the mirror . It 's too bad because it did look , but now I have to buy another mirror , but it wo n't be from this company again !!
 I bought this mirror to replace one damaged in an accident . The body shop installed it . When you drove down the road the image of the car behind you wiggled , the shop told me it was a terrible mirror and most aftermarket mirrors were bad.I was sent a replacement mirror , this one distorted the image of the car behind me , made the car wider than it really was . I bought a used mirror from a wrecking yard , problem solved . Just out of curiosity I weighed the K-Scource mirror 3 # , the used one 33/4 # the original equipment had more & better things inside , that 's why it works!Bottom line
 This Lund Auto Ventshade Ventvisor is easy to install . It tapes to the inside felt seam of the window in the channel . I purchased the 4 piece smoke set for a 2008 Ford F250 Crew Cab . The front visors do not fit well in the front corners . Some of the tape is still exposed , which looks terrible . The back visors fit very well , but they make a clicking noise at highway speeds and on rough pavement . It 's almost as though they tap against the window , but you ca n't see it while riding in the back . These are junk . Save your money . Try a different brand .
 Blurred mirror and incorrect plug.Overall the quality is weak and flimsy.Get a headache trying to view out of mirror.Mirror also vibrates internal mount .
 I 'm dissapointed in the product at the existing cost . It 's difficult to set up . Backlight is WAY too dim . I have to reset the Mag . North often.The cost of this product should be around $ 29.95
 This compass was n't easy to set up . First , I had to buy a tiny Phillips screwdrive to open the case in order to insert the battery for the temperature transmitter . My husband , who is in construction , did n't have the correct screw driver in one of his many tool boxes . In order to attach the thermometer transmitter , I had to lie down in a driveway and search for a place to attach the device under the front of the car -LRB- if I were younger , this might have been easier -RRB- . After getting this accomplished , I discovered that the backlight display on the compass -LRB- which has an easy to open battery compartment & an optional cigarette lighter power source -RRB- does n't really work in the dark . During the day it is a reassuring device . I have yet to find out whether the icy roads warning device will function during the upcoming winter months . A rather pricey gadget .
 A few short comings , compass seems OK and is the centerpiece of the device . I got it for the outside temp sensor , easy to install and accurate . Readout small but that 's OK . Have n't tried it in the dark yet , have to wait for next winter.I ca n't belive that there is no onboard temp sensor . OK it 's on the dash and will read 110 in the summer and whatever the defroster is kicking out in the winter but c'mon , would n't have been hard to put on on the unit and offer the alternative wireless sensor.Wireless sure is nice . I 've had wired outside temp sensors for years and this is pretty nice . As soon as I figure out a good way to stick it on my dash and hard-wire it in , I 'll be in better sorts over it.Great if you want the compass , easy temp sensor install . Good if you get a deal on it.WillFairbanks Alaska -LRB- That 's why I 'll have to wait untill next winter ... -RRB-
 I bought this compass at a Good price , thats about all I can say good for this product . The backlight is too dim plus the compass will not hold an accurate reading , I have to keep resetting it . I can not reccommend product .
 Wireless is nice and works well.Was easy to install on the inside of the grill with tie wraps . Accurate reading . Problem becomes apparent when you try to read it in anything but bright light . The amber display is so dark it becomes useless . I use a small penlight to view it in early morning , night , or evening light.The benefits of this unit are out weighted by the inability to see the display . There are easier to read and cheaper units available . Look around .
 The suction cups did n't hold on the windshield & the dash mount did n't hold either .
 We found the system very hard to read . At night we could n't see it at all to read it . Our family bought us the better model for Xmas , so we are going to put this one on ebay . Would not recommend it .
 The compass and temperature gauge works good and installed easily . However , it is only good in the daytime because the light is a joke . Service can not be obtained either because the company sold to another company and they will not work on them .
 Pros :1 . Easy installation .2 . Accurate temperature readings when the sensor is placed at the right place.Cons :1 . Back light is too dim . At night you have to get as close as one foot to see the digits .2 . The silver cover is too shiny . You can see its reflection in the windshield . It should be a dull color like the dashboard .3 . Expensive for what it does .4 . You would hope the thieves are smart enough not to think it is an expensive GPS unit.Conclusion
 The first unit was installed as directed and when it was working it was fine . The problem was it would just stop working and this was most of the time . I exchaned several e-mails with customer service rep Pat . She was extremely nice and suggested I send it back for a replacement.The second unit was installed as directed and worked flawlessly for a couple of months . It now works a bit better than the first one . Instead of stops working most of the time , this one stops working some of the time . I have decided to keep this one because of the bother and expense of shipping it back for a replacement . And who knows , the next unit may not work at all.Not a good product for Amazon to be selling.R Lockwood
 PNI Wayfinder V2020 Wireless Full Spectrum Compass and Wireless Temperature SystemI have been very happy with this unit until recently . I purchased the unit on 11/10/2006 . It was an easy installation and the unit worked fine for several months . At approximately its 6th month in service , the battery went out on the compass unit ... even though I was using auxillary power plugged directly into my vehicle . I replaced the battery and it again worked fine . In its 7th month , the temperature transmitter stopped working . I attempted to replace the battery in this transmitter and it would not respond . I attempted to contact PNI via pnicorp.com , but they showed no support for any Wayfinder products . I then tried to call their customer service number and found that the number was out of service . I guess I will continue to use the compass portion of the unit until it dies without the temp reading . However , this is too premature for this unit to fail and then find there is no customer support . I would not recommend buying this unit .
 Was looking for an alternative to my zipper windows . The door sliders looked great , but they leaked around the window frame into the jeep . This was just mild rain , not a heavy rain . I had seen a similar comment from another pruchaser on line , but thought I 'd give it a shot . Did quiet the ride . Returned for refund.Would not recomment to a friend .
 This is bad , very bad . It slips so easy that you can not get a firm grip on the filter . I would suggest anyone to look elsewhere and get something else that actually works . I really regret getting this .
 this tool is worthless i am sorry for ever buyin it.the tool bends very easily and the gears slip fast .
 It was cheap , but it is cheap . It vibrates and is not nearly as stable as the one that came with the car , and it whistles because it was not designed well enough . There is a line or a hole or something that whistles at any speed over about 25 mph and is quite annoying .
 I should have known , this thing can not work , but I bought it anyway.The wrench is on the side of the filter , so when you turn , it only compresses the filter more , to the point of deforming it.So the torque applied to the wrench is only marginally transfered to the filter itself , because the filter 's axle and the wrench 's are not aligned.The only good thing about it is that once the oil filter has been completely deformed , it is much easier to untie it with pliers .
 Amazon really screwed up on this one . Two weeks after I placed the order for this air filter , I received an empty box ! When I brought this to the attention of Amazon , I was sent another , but this time , I got something that resembles a tiny button . Either someone is sabotaging Amazon , or Amazon hired some real moron !
 These are generic with Ignited name ! Past product was great and better quality . Its a shame Ignited has succumbed to selling junk ! Amazon customer service is the best ! They consider a customers satifaction and the return was not a problem . Thank you Amazon .
 These are not stainless steel lugnuts they are just stainless steel capped lugnuts . If you buy them you get stuck with paying the shipping back too . Do n't waste your time or money like I did . This company should get nailed for false advertising this product !
 It took longer to receive this item than it to fall apart . Mirror fell off as i was driving to work .
 I gave this as a gift and was very embarrassed because it tore when my daughter put it on her extra tire of her Jeep . Now , I have to find another tire cover that will not tear .
 Not happy with this at all . The mirror shakes and vibrates so much it 's useless . It 's a big difference from the factory mirror I still have on the passenger side . A waste of money .
 Got this to replace a faulty wheel on Rubbermaid carts -LRB- one of the most common out there -RRB- . Rubbermaid had a .625 &#34; diameter axle . The hub on this is .500 &#34; . Just would not work . Suggest that this spec be highlighted in the description.I returned this for a refund , but of course the return shipping costs were about the same as what I got refunded . Not blaming Northern Industrial , but the only winner here is UPS . They got everyone 's money .
 after openning the packaging and installing discovered this is cap does not fit a 2004 suburban ... fyi . . not sure what to do with the cap now . . do n't believe i can return it since i cut open the plastic bag it came in ...
 When i recieved the product it was not what the picture showed it would be . There was only one curved end on the Bully Bars , whereas the picture showed two curved ends . Also when i tried to mount them the brackets did not line up at all . As it turns out , i ordered bars for a 1999 Chevy Silverado and received bars for a 2001 GMC Envoy . I really do n't think i will try this again from the internet .
 They are gigantic even when I ordered my regular boot size . I like the style but they are so stiff just could n't keep them .
 They are gigantic even when I ordered my regular boot size . I like the style but they are so stiff just could n't keep them .
 This product will fail you and leave you at the gas station , out of gas , key in hand , unable to put gas in your car . The locking mechanism is cheaply made plastic . This happened to me today . Fortunately I was able to pry the lid off with my hands -LRB- yes , all you have to do is pry it apart with your fingers -RRB- , but unfortunately the threaded plug was still stuck in the gas neck . Finally I was able to loosen it with a pair of pliers and put gas in my car . In short , this product is worse than useless
 I use to use these all the time in the Motorcycle biz for fork boots . Now the company has ruined them for that by slitting the bottoms . I can not understand the logic behind this ... a once great product is now a piece of crap .
 I Bought this last spring for the forward and reverse shifter on my golf cart , only used golf cart on weekends and only to shift into forward or reverse and by october the chrome was warn off most of the skull well I imagine that if you use for a shifter for a 4 speed it would last little more then a month
 It is not universal , does n't fit a car if it has a pin that holds it in , only works with cars that have screws to hold the knob on . But it looks good and shiny
 these require special size bushings not standard stuff & thur hard to find & ranchos service sux i 'd recomend gettin another brand
 Bought two sets of two of these things , and I am down to a single one . There is a plastic bracket which holds the suction cup . The strength of the suction , on the suction cup is much stronger than the plastic , so should one try to move the shade without grasping it just right , the plastic bracket will break . Should your automatic windows roll down to far , and the suction cup does not come off , the bracket will break.A metal bracket would be a welcome Engineering Change ...
 Does NOT cling to the window , therefore does NOT work . This is just a piece of heavy plastic . I would have returned it , but the shipping exceeded what I paid , and it was n't worth a penny . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I have a VW Beetle convertible . The black dash was looking shabby from , I suppose , too much Florida sun . I had used Armorall way back when -LRB- way before Florida -RRB- with good results on tires , interiors , etc. I thought this is what I was purchasing . Wrong ! I guess ArmorAll and Meguiars are two completely different products . In short , I wound up with a smeary mess on my very wide and very noticeable dash.Someone at the VW dealership recommended Turtle Wax F21.Presto ! Worked great and was only $ 3.99 .
 I wo n't bother to make this a long review and will just get to the point . The product is okay but definitely not the best at all . If you ask me , Windex would have done a better job . It did n't leave a shine like I though it would .
 completely useless product . i ca n't believe i waste my money buying this . i am really looking into returing this item . i sprayed it on the dash and on the doors when i got it and nothing happen , it doesnt shine anything , it does not even protect the surface like it claims it can do . im very disappointed .
 Meguiar 's Quik is cheap , which is great as long as your interior is already pretty clean . It has no intrinsic cleaning power of it 's own beyond that of water . In other words , it will clean exactly as well as a damp cloth . Any dirt that ca n't be lifted with a damp cloth will stay put . It does have a nice scent , which dissipates in a matter of hours . You 'll probably want a more effective product if your car gets a lot of use and/or carries many passengers .
 I tried this out based on reviews and could n't have been less pleased . The stuff does not smell good at all . It actually made me about choke it was so strong -LRB- and this was with the doors open while spraying -RRB- . Doesnt seem like it does much of anything to be honest . I feel like when i 'm done , my rag is soaked but there is no protectant on my dash . I like everything else i 've tried from meguiars , but not this stuff .
 I tried the current version of this product -LRB- I understand there used to be an earlier version -RRB- and it simply did n't work for me . There were some stains inside my car and even after letting the cleaner sit there for a minute or so , and rubbing very hard with a microfiber cloth , the stains are still there . Basically , cleaning with this product is no better than cleaning with plain water . As much as I like other Meguiar 's products , I can say without a doubt that this is the WORST interior cleaner I 've ever used . The only positive thing that can be said about this product is that it wo n't leave surfaces shiny and greasy , for the simple reason that it does absolutely nothing ! My take ? Save your money and get something that has REAL cleaning power , or just use plain water and a microfiber cloth .
 I always buy this stuff for cleaning the interior of my car . I saw the listing on Amazon and decided to order from here since I had a gift card . When I received the product I noticed the bottle was different and definitely not the same quality of the old bottle . Instead of the nice mist that the old design gave this one does the mist plus the big drops of spray that most cheap spray bottles give . Also the new formula has the same basic smell but it is a lot stronger and definitely more of a chemical smell in a bad way . I do not like this new formula !
 It looks good and it 's easy to install but mine keeps falling off every time I lower my driver side window , it was good for the first few days but now it expends more time on my passenger sit than the door .
 I Love Manik 's products , they are very well made and well worth the money , but DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF IT IS BEING SOLD BY AUTOPARTS WAY . this company does nothing but lie , and is the most unreliable seller i have ever delt with on amazon . twice i tried to buy this grill guard and both times autopartsway canceled my order and never told me . i had to try to track it down , not easy with a company who does n't even have a working published phone number , the only number you can find on thier web site is out of service . After the agravation i had durring the first order i almost didnt try again , it was only after being told the grill guard was instock i gave them one more chance . But once again the order was canceled . this time i was told that the order was canceled because that company does n't carry that item , not only did they tel me before that i didnt get it because they were out of stock , then told it was in stock , but if you enter the item number into the company 's website search engine , it will take you to a page where the company themself have it listed as a carried product . For whatever reason i could not leave sellerfeedback but you can see from others that have been able to that the company is not one you want to do business with . STAY AWAY FROM THEM !!!! I ended up ordering the grill from another company while saving almost $ 100 from what these lossers are charging . dont be fooled like i was , be ware !!!
 I installed two of these belts on my 6-foot finish mower which is pulled by a 45 HP tractor . I was mowing grass that probably should have been cut with a bush-hog rather than a finish mower , but within 15 minutes of first use , both belts had rolled over in the pulleys and ran on their side rather than within the normal `` V '' . This caused them to overheat and jump off the pulley , which allowed one of them to wrap under the mower and get cut . I replaced both belts with Kevlar wrapped belts and have n't had any problems since , even in the severe-duty use that I subjected them to .
 Sorry but the product description is misleading . It 's a high quality item but more suitable for a rock climber to clip to his/her belt for non-slip chalk dust for the hands . I wanted a LITTER BAG !
 To call this `` ultra-dry '' is the overstatement of the year . This cloth is not nearly as good as real and synthetic chamois cloths I 've used . I will say you do n't see lint , and maybe that 's because the lint is hidden on all the wetness left behind . I 've used a professional roller squeegee to dry this cloth but the only effective way I 've found is to wait several hours or a day -LRB- after wringing it dry -RRB- to use it . Buy something else !
 This seat cover reminds me of a little girl trying on her mom 's dress . This cover is ill-fitting and cheaply made . With or without the headrest on the seat of my Toyota Tacoma , it still looks baggy and cheap . After the first time that I drove with it on the seat , I noticed that the material had torn in the area where the back piece meets the seat piece . It tore a little above the seam , not at the seam . On top of this , the cheap overwhelming smell of plastic still permeates my truck . There is no way that I would recommend this cover .
 I 've always liked True Flow filters and have used them on a number of vehicles . I 'm not sure if I got a bad batch of cleaner but , it looked watered down and I had to use the entire can to clean one filter . The oil canister was about 3/4 full and looked to be a used product .
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 Should have known . It 's cheap , I would n't recommend . Save the money get `` Denso '' real OEM . Gave 2 stars because of fair price & super fast shipping . I love Amazon .
 very dissapointed in this product do n't know if it is because they were n't stored properly or what but i checked the gap before when i received them and they were checked by the guy that put them in , everything was in check , but i lost more performance from my old plugs to these plugs , should have been the other way around !
 good days I 'm writing this note to be notified that the speed sensor is especially for a 2000 accord ex , sincrocina box -LRB- not automatic -RRB- and the product is different from the automaticthanks
 Lasted about 30 seconds !! Do not buy !! Total junk . Tried to use it for my lawn mower and what a waste I time .
 product simply Does Not Work !! ... . bought Two ... . neither have Ever worked ... . upon checking was told product was no longer made , , , , Double Bummer ...
 Failed after about one hour . Sure wish I had read the reviews on this item before purchasing . Do not waste your money !
 This pump was a piece of crap . The insulation on the negative wire was broken where it enters the housing . I decided to try and use it anyway and taped it up the best I could . I threaded the fitting into the end of the pump and the plastic housing cracked ... spilled fuel all over my garage when I turned it on . Took it back to the store and got my 44.00 , then spent 100.00 on one assembled in the USA instead of the China crap pump .
 I 've used many electric fuel pumps over the years , and this Mr. Gasket 42S is the worst . I bought it to replace a 40-year old Bendix unit on a 1960 's classic British car . HUGE mistake ! It ran fine for about 50 miles and then failed , leaving the car stranded . I would NOT recommend this unit to anyone who prefers driving to walking . I CAN recommend the Facet FEP42SV `` cube '' pump instead , as it is Made-in-USA and offers identical mounting .
 I bought 2 of this fuel pumps . One is this 12S and one is 42S . Both of them failed in a few months . I used it pump fuel for 5 minutes per day on my work . Therefore , it is not very reliable . One of them I have to hit is a few times before it start pumping now and one is totally dead .
 The positive wire came uncrimped while I was trying to install it . This is not something that can be fixed - ca n't dissemble and re-hook the wire inside . It 's toast . also the exit fuel fitting is just pressed into place , and popped off when I tried to pull a hose off of it - again , I could glue it but it has no screw threads . What a piece of trash !
 I converted a fuel injected BMW to carburetor , and used one of these pumps to replace the high-pressure pump . It 's been working fine for well over a year , and mounted right in the spot where the former pump lived ; just wired up to the existing pump wires.I have a similar pump on my Citron 2CV that 's been there for over 10 years , and no pump failure.In both cases , key to good operation is to mount the pump -LRB- s -RRB- as low as possible in the vehicle to have the pump ` pushing ' the fuel , instead of trying to ` pull ' it.UPDATE
 We used to buy electric -LRB- not electronic -RRB- fuel pumps for $ 12 back in the day . I was surprised when I went shopping for a new one , and this was the cheapest one I could find . Well , I guess you still get what you pay for . Mine did not even make the 10 minutes , more like 2 minutes . Obviously a very poor product , and the bean counters at Mr. Gasket would do well to drop this manufacturer and shop elsewhere in China . I will definitely be wary of Prestolite products in the future .
 Tried to replace a pump on an onan generator with this . It installed easily and worked fine for about an hour . The next day tried to start the generator and the fuel pump just would n't pump . Made this weird noise instead of the nice clicking the first day . Oh well back to the overpriced onan pump , hopefully it will be more reliable than this mr. gasket one .
 I bought two of these pumps and the best I could get out of each one of them was 10 minutes . I checked the volts running to the pump and it was a constant 12 volts . I would not buy one of these pumps .
 Another low budget option , but you get what you pay for . This unit did work for about 6 months , then started leaking fuel . It is quiet and small . I replaced it with a rebuildable fuel pump . Do n't recommend this for any serious use .
 Do n't be fooled , an electronic fuel pump may be advertised as an `` electric '' fuel pump , but it is no match for a real electric fuel pump , in the long run it simply wo n't stand up to the heat and vibration in the demanding environment of the internal combustion engine.My own experience with these solid-state , electronic fuel pumps is that they will eventually let you down . Sooner or later , but more likely sooner . They are a waste of money and manufacturing resources which should be better spent on making a dependable `` electric '' fuel pump . Buy electric fuel pumps instead . They can stand the heat and vibration , although they tend to cost a little more , it 's the price you have to pay for long-term stability of fuel pressure to the carburetor . Heat and humidity are tow of the biggest enemies of solid state components , so you do n't want to be making fuel pumps with electronic parts.Most of these electronic fuel pumps are made the same , so you should be able to recognize them and avoid them at all costs . Do n't assume it 's electric just because it 's wired for 12 volts .
 I also had two pumps fail after not even 10 minutes of operation each . This is a very simple application , with the carb only 4 feet away and 6 '' above the tank . Well within the spec of this pump . I checked electrical and fuel connections very carefully and did not run the pump dry.The first time , I mounted the pump about level with the centerline of the tank -LRB- fuel flowed freely to the pump , as the tank was more than half full . -RRB- But it could n't push it up the 6 '' to the carb . The second time , I mounted the pump below the tank . Fuel flowed freely through the pump both times , but did n't pump the 6 '' up to the carb.This vehicle had a second fuel pump for its Hunter gasoline heater , of very similar design except 20 years old and rusted -LRB- and not made in China -RRB- . I used this pump as my sanity-check . It was in roughly the same location , and if I connected the power and fuel line to it instead , the car ran fine . The vehicle is a Fairmont MT19 speeder , with an Onan 2-cyl . engine .
 i installed this fuel pump on my honda trs 350 4 wheeler and it worked great for the 5 minutes i used it.i then went on vacation for 2 weeks.when i got back and tried to start my 4 wheeler the fuel pump would not work .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Fell Apart in my hands the first time I tried to use it . Seriously , it did . At least I got to see what they looked like .
 The lighter works just find . The problem is it 's too long for the ashtray to close.The selection criteria give the results
 Bought item and it did n't work . Luckily , I 'm handy with a DVM and soldering Iron . Cause was bad solder joint inside . Works great now . Parts seem of reasonable quality . Assuming most parts are n't defective it is well worth the price
 i send both visors back and you gave me no refund.please give me a refund or send the visor back.they list too fit my 2004 envoy sle xuv but the rear visors look like they for chevy trail blazer.my model is longer .
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 I ordered a dashmat for my father for Christmas for a '92 Chevy Blazer . I was sent the wrong one . Turns out it is too small and made for a S10 blazer . I am very disappointed because I ordered this same product last year and the SAME EXACT THING HAPPENED . I was unable to return and purchase a new one before the holiday , but thought I 'd try again this year . I will NOT be buying again and will be returning the current one ... again . Waste of time .
 I ordered 3 packs of these bulb for my car , at first it looked like a greenish light but thought it was just me so when nightfall came the lights still were green !!!! they are not blue , if you are looking for blue bulbs do not get these !!!! get LED or other color
 At first it lights blue but , when three day pass it is just white .
 I had to order 2 packs since I needed 3 bulbs , one bulb was DOA right out of the box . If that was n't bad enough ... the remaining three changed from a faint blue -LRB- not what I was looking for -RRB- to a white hue w/in 2 days . Would have given a rating of 0 stars if I could have . For what it 's worth ... the now-white bulbs have been functioning normally for the past 8 months , and were decently priced .
 I bought this to replace stock lights on my mazda mpv which were getting weaker . This one produced a somewhat whiter light but not any brighter than my 6 year old stock headlights . So it did n't serve my purpose and but at this price not too much of a loss .
 The cover we recieved was not the one pictured and therefor did not fit the truck seat . It also has a spot that was a hole from the seam not being sewed properly .
 I 'm on my third one , luckily the previous ones were under warranty.First one was dead from the get go.Second one would work but the charge indicator and the flashlight did n't . Number 3 just died totaly except for a clicking noise.Worst product I have ever bought.Avoid this piece of **** .
 The battery lasted about 1.5 years.The battery charger lasted about 1 year.This is a very cheaply made product .
 This is bar-none the worst piece of electronics I 've ever seen ! And , after calling the manufacturer , they offered NO help ! Even the instruction manuel is inadequate . Beware of WeatherX products ... RJ
 As with everyone else , the loud clicking and electronic smell when charging set in on the second use . The first time it worked great . No weather cahnnel reception though . Got it for camping and checked it out thoroughly when it came in . Charged it and all was well . Then did n't need it for months . Pulled it out the second time and it was dead . So it did n't hold the charge from the first use . Plugged it in and the clicking started . Then it started to smell , but at least no smoke or fire . And it just wont take a charge . But the components seem to work when plugged in . So unless the smell gets to me , I can use it plugged in .
 I 've gone through 7 of these units , all defective . First one had the thermometer type upside down , and to make a long story short , loud clicking on 3 while charging -LRB- failed -RRB- , smoke from one , etc. . Nice looking unit with great features , but the stupid thing is an engineering failure . The company will probably send me and 8th unit , but I do n't think it will be the charm . Avoid this product like the plague !
 We purchased this to use on camping trips . The first -LRB- and only -RRB- time we used it , it worked fine , although the radio reception was somewhat poor . We brought it home and put it away . It had in no way been abused , dropped , hit , or otherwise damaged , and no damage is evident on the outside at all.When we got it back out again to use it , the whole thing was dead . We put it on the charger , just as we had when we first purchased it , and it began making a very loud clicking noises and the lights were flashing . We took it off the charger , checked every switch , made sure everything was off , and plugged it back in to the charger . It continued to make the clicking noise and the charger was getting HOT.So - we took it off the charger , and got the paperwork back out . The unit only has a limited 90 day warranty on it , and this was well past that point . It does n't charge , it continues to make the clicking noise , which we discovered varies in speed and volume when we try turning some of the features on and off while on the charger , and it wo n't charge up at all.Makes a nice 18 pound paperweight I guess ... but for the money , I would n't recommend it .
 Purchased this item to help my 18 year old daughter position the car close to the garage door without bumping it . Less than 1 month after using this product it self-destructed . It was only used once a day , 5-days a week . The actual bumper on this product is hollow , but it is filled with a ground-up or pulverized rubber . Shortly after using the product -LRB- 10-times or so -RRB- the hollow bumpers burst and the ground rubber filling proceeded to make a mess on the driveway , as well as being tracked into the garage . I recommend looking elsewhere for a similar product that is solid in construction and wo n't easily break apart .
 Used the Amazon partfinder to locate this set of Lund steprails for my 2008 Chevy Silverado Crew cab LT truck ; as well as the brackets . Purchased both ; through my wife 's account and received them a week later . The brackets arrived a couple of days prior to the steps -LRB- you have to purchase separately -RRB- and the model listed on the box was the 2000 Chevy CK series . Being somewhat startled by this , I double checked with the Amazon partfinder and this was the model suggested . A few days later , the step bars arrived ; so I opened both boxes and went to work trying to make these work on my truck . Tne four backet sets , I attempted to bolt onto the truck . I will add at this point that the lund instruction sheets that accompanied the parts are worthless . You will need to locate more detailed instructions on any of the truck blogs . To tell the abridged version of this review , the brackets are way to long for my truck . This stopped the install as there was no sense in manufacturing the steps themselves with the possibility those also being incorrect exists . And I do emphasize , manufacture ; as you will need to drill into the hollowed rail so you can afix the plastic step onto the rail . Lund simply provides the components and it 's up to you to manufacture.I contacted Amazon for return on Monday and am still waiting for the UPS pickup a week later.Lesson learned on two basis , one
 I bought a ATP JX-160 and installed it on my return cooler line on my freshly rebuild trans in F350 Super Duty and within the first 20 miles down the road it blow apart where the top screws on . And if I did n't pull over when I did I would have blown up my new trans . I will never use one again !!! If it is n't made out of a steel housing I do n't want it .
 Installed this filter , drove home found I was leaving a trail of atf on the road . Good thing I made it home without damaging my trans . O ring blows out under load . Flimsy O ring . If you buy you better double or triple check you O ring !!!
 size was not listed , thought it was one size fits all , it is for a toddler at best . small small
 Brackets were linked to the running boards I bought but are not the correct ones for my vehicle.They did show up in three days without paying for expedited shipping .
 It DOES NOT FIT ON PASSAT CC 2.0 sport.they claimed that it fits but it is smaller than the original one !!! I was simply robbed .
 The exhaust tip bracket came the wrong size , it is much smaller than it says in the description . My car has 1-3/4 '' tailpipe opening , I had to struggle very hard for an hour or two try to get it in . The bracket is all bent out of shape . They should have provided with a larger bracket so that it would fit the sizes that they mentioned in the product description . I am not happy with this product .
 Yes it is a good price but it does not fit over a 2 '' pipe properly . 13/4 '' maybe but not the 2 '' on a Chevy HHR . I monkeyed around with it to try to get it to work but ultimately sent it back . There appears to be another model just like it that will fit but not sure the part # .
 I bought 2 tips to put on my 2007 VW Passat 2.0 T but they do not even come close to fitting . I was hoping they would slip right on but they are not big enough . Luckily they were cheap to buy so I 'm not that upset . I just wish they would of fit . Now I 'm still on the hunt for tips that do n't break the bank . Be careful before you buy .
 This was all lies . The dimensions stated on the product info were incorrect ; the actual product was much smaller . They were really low quality .
 I just bought this to put on my 91 honda civic hatch , and my exhaust is a 1-1/2 '' inlet and this bracket inside the tip is to small , and when i tried tightening the screws on it they were stripped therefore i gave up because when driving around it loosens and rattles , dont waaste your time on this , yeah the price is ood , but not for what you get .
 Removing the inner bracket , it will fit over the tailpipe , very loosely.I bent the lower half of the bracket to fit around the pipe , using longerscrews , I could tighten the bracket . Then the tip will not fit over thebracket . So I forced the tip on the pipe , with the lower half of the bracket , with a lot of effort . Running the longer screws through the tip , thru thebracket to contact the pipe to hold it in place . Hopefully it will staysince the bracket is beyond the turn down , helping hold it in place . Ihad attempted to fasten the lower half with a hose clamp , but again the tipwould not go over the screw in the clamp . For a 2 inch pipe , the bracket needsto be re-designed . I guess the folks that used these with no problem had either1 1/2 inch straight pipes , or smaller . I do n't see how it would work on even1 3/4 . Not worth returning , with postage ...
 the box says made in Canada the part says made in China ... I wish Amazon would list this info ! its a name brand part and its still china crap . . ugh
 For the record , the item pictured is NOT a Dinosaur Micro P-711 board . You can check Dinosaur 's website for a photo of the real P-711 . Dinosaur boards have a great reputation , but I 'd hesitate to buy one from this vendor . Who knows what I 'd receive ? If they sent the board pictured here , I 'd be out of luck , because this will not fit my fridge .
 The hitch cover was represented as being able to fit all receivers . This only fits 2 inch receivers my receiver is the 5/8 inch receiver . Hopefully the company will be able to send something to retro fit the hitch . If not I will return the item and look elsewhere .
 I had read on several Passat forums that these would fit a B6 . They do not !! They are too big and the inner clamps wo n't fit on the stock exhaust . Look for the 61-1105 model .
 The tips -LRB- 2 -RRB- came and fit right on my 2006 Mazdaspeed 6 . One of them fell off the mounting bracket after 2 weeks . Since they 're so inexpensive I 'm going to buy a replacement for the one that got lost somewhere on the road and I 'm going to strengthen the bracket connection by welding a patch . We 'll see how long they last .
 Listed in the Amazon `` Fits Your Car '' , or whatever that section is called , for a B6 Passat with the 2.0 T engine . Not even close to fitting the factory exhaust pipes . Well made and packaged impressively though .
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 The seat covers are nothing like the picture . they are baggy in all dimensions and can not be tightened . even the headrest covers have an extra 1/2 '' play . They are about as attractive as a Russian suit .
 This says 3 and 1/2 inch inlet . I took it out of the box , and much to my shagrin , the inlet is 2 and 7/8 inches . Considering my tailpipes are 3 inches , I was quite annoyed . Even the length in the description is wrong . It says 9 inches , yet , once again ... take it out of the box and it 's 8 and 3/4 inches . Very odd measurement system used by this manufacturer . I 'm not positive they really know what an `` inch '' actually is . Oh well .
 I ordered these shock absorbers in March but did not have a chance to install them until this past weekend . Upon taking them from the box , it was pretty clear they were not gas shocks , as they were not tied closed , as is usual with gas shocks , and after putting them on my Jeep , they bottom out over the smallest of speed bumps . The OEM shocks , which were gas charged , never bottomed out on the same speed bumps.Unfortunately , Amazon 's return policy states I could only return them up to April 6 , so I 'm out the money I spent on these incorrectly labeled -LRB- not gas -RRB- shocks , which clearly are not a quality product , else I would not bottom out over the small speed bumps as they did .
 Wish I could say that this product was great but when I opened the paint colors they were all rubbery and would not mix or spread easily !
 Please bear in mind . This review has nothing against the seller . It 's against the manufacturer.Don ' t waste your money on this product if you have a leather couch with a couple of fine tears in it . That 's what I have and this was a waste of money . I would imagine it would work better if you had some outright holes in a leather couch , bigger than what I have . The patching pieces -LRB- sub-material and the leather -RRB- were just too big to fit into the holes I have.So now I 'm just using the glue to see if I can glue the rips shut.Unfortunately , I really thought this would be a better product , based on the price compared to other similar products .
 This product was an absolute disaster.I had a huge hole in my leather couch , which this product describes how to put a subpatch and glue the pieces together - except that the glue was old and putty-like ; it would not hold anything together!Secondly , although it claims to tell you how to combine the basic colors to get any color in the world , its a very basic description - like , tan is a combination of yellow , orange , white and brown . this resulted in a salmon colored liquid when i tried to make tan.Anyhow , in desperation to get my couch not to continue to rip , I took out a needle and thread and sewed it together . Also now have salmon colored streaks on that cushion , which is not pretty.I returned the product for a full refund .
 Out of the package , you 'll get a manual on repairing a leather seat and the color mixing guide . They are very brief and didnt have any clue how to properly put in the last step ; which is the gloss . Then there 's the different colors that was on a tub that looked like no more than 1 and one half of table spoon each.Well , I mixed the color as instructed at the color guide and fine tuned the color on to my practice leather ; I did the first 2 steps of on the instructions and when I spread the compound on the leather , it 's too glossy and shiny , also if the colors are not 100 % matched -LRB- which most likely you could n't -RRB- it will look like a shiny middle with streaks on the outline as you fill in the fine wrinkles of the leather and shave the protruding parts . There 's no way you to copy the texture of the leather around the repaired area unless the you plan to cover the whole pannel , which is again not possible since you only have a little more than a table spoon of paint!Negatives : - expensive-hard to use-limited instructions on the kit-repair will obviously look amateur-ish-Not so leather magicPositives : - It 's one thing you could put on your `` NEVER buy list . `` Do yourself a favor and never bother with this product ; saves you the headache .
 I had about a 1 inch rip in the shape of a `` T '' in my leather sectional . I got a bid of $ 150 to get fixed professionally , and just thought I could save some money and do it myself.Some hints : - Put it on in several thin coats - I was able to get a pretty close match in color -LRB- as the directions state make it a wee bit lighter because it gets darker when it dries - do n't sweat this though , if you do n't have the color right , you can get it right with your second coat . -RRB- - Be careful with the sand paper - this is really what made a smallish area into a bigger repair then it needed to be . Directions state to sand around the area - this removes the color of the leather requiring you to creep out further then you would like to.The rip is sealed now , and I have no doubt that it is sealed for good . I can still see the line of the rip through the repair and kind of a clumpy hard rubbery patch sitting on top of it now . I really am a glass half full kind of gal , but hindsight leaves me wishing that I had spent the $ 150 on a professional repair . It is what it is .
 This was a total ripoff . I needed to cover up some cat claw prick marks on my leather barstools . They are black , so I did n't have to worry about color mixing . The first thing to go wrong was the finish on the product after it dried . It was very shiny , like patent leather . So my barstools looked like they had tone-on-tone polka dots ! The second thing to go wrong was when I cleaned off the stools several days later during my routine housework . Using a normal , soft dishcloth , wet and well wrong out , no cleaning product on it at all , just plain water , I lightly wiped off my barstools , and there went my new shiny polkadots . All the leather repair rubbed right off like thin plastic . The best thing I can say is that the claw marks are still there and I am right back where I started . The worst thing I can say is I wasted my money on this product . I definitely would n't recomend it for a fine piece of leather furniture !
 I bought this product to try to fix and conceal several small holes in my car 's leather seating . It really did a pretty poor job . The holes are still pretty noticable . I was able to get a good color match . I also tried the product on some minor scratches on a leather chair . That application worked much better . Overall , the product is probably better suited for scratches than holes or rips . And make sure to go light on your colors , because you do n't have much white to play around with to lighten your mixture up . You will also need many more alcohol wipes than are provided in the kit .
 I bought this kit from magic mender website . 1st problem it does not match the color then when you left your car under the sun wow it is so sticky . It will look nice as long you do n't use and seat on it . One more thing it does n't last . In other words it is a useless thing .
 The past reviewer was correct , if you have a large rip , DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT , unless you want everybody to know where the rip is as it show up even worse.Would not recommend this product at all .
 Its junk . didnt work at all . had to throw it away . complete waste of money .
 Ok I was allready to go with this stuff ... . then I tried to use the adhesive , it got jammed as I was squeezing it out , so I popped off the little nozzle and applied through the larger hole in the jug , then the whole jug of adhesive got hard . There goes the adhesive ... so I used some of my own adhesive ... right now I am letting the leather patch dry but i am not hopeful , waste of $ 30.00 use that money for somebody to fix it for real
 I followed the directions to the T . In a few days the split started showing on top of the dried so called paint . PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 didnt like it at all . just used it once on my leather couch . after using it , the leather got harder and started ripping more . I will never recommend this product .
 If you have a rip of any size in your leather I would not recomend this . The product says it repairs smaller rips , I had a quarter inch rip in my couch and followed the instructions provided and only accomplished one thing making sure everyone knows about the rip now . I would recomend looking for a professional to repair any expensive piece of leather .
 Do not bother with this kit . You get one tiny piece of backing and one small piece of leather . I opened the glue and could n't figure out why it would n't squeeze out . Finally pried off the top to find that the entire bottle had already dried up - and I had just opened it for the first time . Definitely not worth it .
 Better than nothing , but not much ! Had about an inch and a half tear in a leather chair head rest . . Followed the instructions and it turned out very visible and more like a rubbery patch than soft leather . I think it will keep the tear from getting bigger but it looks terrible .
 The instructions for this product were hard to understand . And trying to mix the right color a pain in the __ . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 This product cracked where my leather had cracked and now is peeling ... so I am left with cracked leather and now a peeling product that looks even worse than what I started with ! Do not buy !
 I used this kit and did not like it at all . Had to mix different things to try and match color . Dried OK , but the smell was like burnt plastic and lasted for days . This kit is OK for a cheap repair , but the area I repaired actually looks worse .
 This mat is advertised as a `` custom fit '' . That is a false description . It is not a `` molded '' fit . It simply fits the area of the shape of the dash . It also did not come with any fastening devices .
 This exhause tip needs better information on the size of the incoming tailpipe . My tail pipe is 3 '' and you would think this would fit but it did n't . The internal dimension of this tip is 21/2 '' so the tip would actually constrict the flow of exhaust in my case , and it could n't even be attached with the bolt on adapters . The product itself is excellent if the correct sizing information was supplied so you could make an intelligent buying decision .
 Three words , cheap , useless , pointless . I thought it might look nice , but it looked hideous on my tail pipe and was n't as easy fitting as their measurements said ... it is actually slightly smaller inside than they list ...
 It 's hard to find a check valve of such a small stature , but I found this one.It did n't do the job for me as fluid and air definitely flowed backward back through the check valve.It looked of poor quality when I unwrapped it , so I do n't even know why I tried it thinking it would work.Go with something metal or PE in material . Spend the extra ten bucks on something else and get what you need !
 Did n't even last a day ! If I could give it 0 Stars I would . Do n't waste your money ! Go get a bigger , more robust Check Valve .
 I was unable to find a place in my car where the surrounding metal did n't interfere with the accuracy . It did however work great on the kitchen table . Save your money for a GPS if you want accuracy .
 really bad compass , no accurate , I would like to have a refund but I do n't want to waste my time in that , the compass always point in the wrong direction , if I go South the said East , something like that , if I used I gon na get lost.It 's the first time that I bought something in Amazon with really bad quality , hopefully be the first time .
 Unless I have been driving eastward and only eastward for the past 2 days , this compass is useless . Wish that I had read the other review prior to my purchase .
 Equality is the radical notion that all people are valued members of society.I guess this product has never heard of such a notion . This product -LRB- if any one had the slightest bit of guts or taste -RRB- should n't be available especially on a site like this . Racism should be welcomed by no one including companies looking for a quick buck.Why I 'm sure you can pick up many quality -LRB- inflatable doll -RRB- women with such a `` charming '' bumper sticker .
 After all my research I decided on these shocks believing they were the very best BUT after I installed them on my Toyota 4Runner I hated them . A very hard ride and there are two vinyl dust covers which come with each shock with no instructions on how to secure them . I had an awful noise around 65 mph and it was these covers so I had to improvise and placed tie wraps on the them but I still have the same noise.I have learned NEVER to buy anything other than OEM from the dealership Toyota.You ca n't beat the quality of what goes into a Toyota 4Runner . I have tried after market brake pads and they were terrible too.Toyota parts cost more but sure worth it .
 I liked the product and the concept but the light was not as bright as I thought it should have been.It did not shine enough light for a book light . I was dissappointed . The mobility was very good.I did return it and received a prompt credit .
 well if you want them to look nice and not use them there great but they do n`t hold up to everyday use got them in good time just not a good product
 I ordered this MAF sensor and received it in a timely manner , as I paid for overnight delivery . I installed it properly as I have been a mechanic for 35 years . I cleared the DTC and drove the vehicle immediately after installation and all was well . I have only driven this vehicle about 5 times since the installation.When starting the vehicle this morning and attempting to drive it it was having the same trouble as before I installed the rebuilt MAF sensor and I connected my code reader and had the same code as before.I believe this item is defective .
 I drilled the hole out for the starter button . Well after I ordered the right size drill from amazon . Well it lasted about 5 times and now will not work at all .
 Picture shows an entire cap . What you get is just the small plastic cap . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This seat cover did not fit my small SUV seat . Can not recommend it for anything but small car seats
 Very convenient if it fits . Be sure that you have clearance above.Some louvers will be too deep or too shallow to attach securely . It does not work on my Volvo 240 . Depending on your vent louvers , it may not be stable enough . I would not drive with something large in it.It puts some stress on the louvers , so use on older , brittle plastic louvers may leave your latte in your lap .
 I thought I finally found the perfect cup holder . . I actually bought some of these as gifts for my friends . I have a couple in my car . . put wet wipes in them , my cell phone as well as my drink . Nothing heavy . After a month or so ... the bottom slidder , that holds it in place , kept slipping and now wo n't hold any more . . It would cost me too much to return them so I 'm trying to rig them to make them work . . What I thought was a good thing ... turned out ... not so good !!! Not worth the money !
 This part was listed as being a replacement fitting a 2000 Ford Explorer with a SOHC V6 . It is not ! Thankfully Amazon has a generous return policy , but the damage to my weekend was done when I had a disassembled vehicle and the wrong part .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I put the holder in the visor as it is supposed to ... placed three CDs in ... started driving ... Within five minutes all the cds were on the floor . Looks nice , seems good , but does n't hold onto the darn CDs .
 Come on ! Make sure the product your showing at least matches what you send to people buying it . The product itself is fine , but it 's really irritating when people do that . I expected one thing and got another !
 The holes did n't line up with the bolt pattern of my car . I suppose I could pull out a drill and open up the holes more , but I was n't supposed to need to .
 Threads are damaged right out of the package . . I can not even thread this into the oil pan . . so what good is it . It also looks like with the right bump on a road this could leak
 I had a set of these for about one year before one burned out . A common complaint . I was also disappointed as soon as I installed them . They are tinted blue to give the ILLUSION of whiter light , but they are really just blue bulbs . They are probably overvolt bulbs to burn brighter to compensate for the light absorbed by the coloring . That would explain the short life . Would you rather see better or look better ? That 's what you have to decide before you spend a premium for these . It was money wasted for me . GE Nighthawks have been a better alternative ; a little brighter without the blue nonsense .
 I was disappointed in these bulbs . While they are good quality bulbs , they made little difference in light output and/or white-ness of the light compared to my Lexus LX 470 's original OEM bulbs . Was not worth the money for me .
 A couple years ago I bought SilverStar bulbs and they did n't last a year . I recently gave them another try and did n't even get six months out of these expensive bulbs - what a ripoff ! Ca n't someone make a bulb that lasts more than a year ?? I 'm tired of being pulled over by the police because my headlights are out , so I 'm going back to the Cool Blue lights that are rated for twice the lifespan of SilverStars .
 These bulbs claim , in the large print and for a high price -LRB- made even higher by the short life-span -RRB- to deliver 35 % more light than standard halogens . The fine print tells you they deliver 35 % more light than standard halogens that are running on 80 % power . How incredibly shameless could a company possibly get ? I 've heard of cooking the numbers , but this is ridiculous . In reality , assuming that Sylvania is truthful with these numbers , you 're getting only 15 % more light . They should just say that.Sylvania also `` guarantees your complete satisfaction for up to 12 months . '' Just like many other guarantees , this one is worthless . Your money back for their shill game ? Not a chance . Ship the bulb back to them at your expense and they 'll give you a new bulb . You have to dig through their web site to find that out.Avoid .
 I live on a paved country road , with heavy forest on one side and corn fields on the other . My main concern is wildlife on the road , particularly deer . With my old bulbs , I could just catch the `` ghost '' of a deer on the road , and barely have time to stop , driving only 40-45 mph . I 've been spoiled by running 100-watt bulbs in my motorcycle , which will clearly light up a deer or a raccoon 300 yards away . Plenty of time to stop.After a lot of consideration , I finally decided to try these SilverStar bulbs . They claim whiter light , and that you can see 30 % wider to the sides , and 30 % farther down the road . On the first two points , this is true . The light is noticeably whiter , and the light pattern is definitely wider . But seeing farther down the road ? No . That deer I could barely see in time this morning was proof of that.How can they claim that you can see 30 % farther down the road ? Well , original equipment bulbs are often only 45 watts . These are claimed to be 65 watts on the package . -LRB- The bulbs themselves are marked 60 watts ! -RRB- Also , they compare to OEM bulbs running at 80 % power . What kind of apples-to-oranges comparisons are those ? Marketing hype comparisons.Since the light is whiter , they give the `` illusion '' that you can see better . And you can , up close . But at a distance , no better.Muscle-car guys have a saying -- `` There 's no replacement for displacement . '' Well , the same is true for light . It does n't rhyme so nice , but , `` There 's no replacement for wattage . `` Are these `` better '' than original bulbs ? Well , yes and no . For close-up visibility and width of field , yes . For seeing down the road , no . Are they `` 40-bucks better ? '' No way . Especially considering you can buy American-made 100-watt bulbs for only about 8 bucks each , and they last just as long . -LRB- Yes , I know they 're not DOT-legal . But compare the very unlikely cost of a ticket , compared to repairs after hitting a deer . And yes , I dim them well in advance of oncoming traffic . -RRB- I 'm sending these back to where I bought them . *********************** Update -- Some have complained about Sylvania 's guarantee . I contacted Sylvania by e-mail from their web-site feedback form -LSB- ... -RSB- . I got an answer the same day , saying that if the retailer would not return my money , they would . They gave me a return address , and said to include a copy of their e-mail and a copy of my receipt , and they would refund my money within 3-4 weeks . I think this speaks well of Sylvania 's guarantee and their customer service.The retailer refunded my money , so I did not need to test this .
 I have been through three sets of these bulbs in as many years . One set was a free replacement from Sylvania and they were no better . They are commonly available all over now , including Walmart and most automotive stores , for $ 40 or so per set . The light quality is good , very white , clean light . Much better than OEM , but they only last an average of 8-10 months of normal driving/use . Sylvania claims they burn out so fast because they are ` high performance ' bulbs . That 's the silliest thing I have ever heard and , take note , if you look carefully at the package you will see that they do not print any type of ` hours-rating ' , or estimated lifespan of the product anyplace on the packaging.Sylvania has obviously had a lot of complaints on the longevity of this product -LRB- versus price -RRB- , but they are still selling them for full price . Unless $ 40 a pair every 8 months or so is not a big deal I would advise one to try another brand --
 Look up the part number , these are OESpectrum struts . I 'd return them , but they were already on my car so that was n't an option . I 'm really disappointed because Sensa-Trac struts are several steps higher than these .
 I bought two to put in my blue 2000 saturn coupe and they were toooooooo small ! This product has only one strap to hold it on the seat and does not cover the whole back of the seat . Everything sticks to the fabric -LRB- hair , pet hair , and dust -RRB- . I am very disappointed in this product since I spent about 23 bucks for each and ended up returning it . I suggest going with the brands Axius and Allison seat covers .
 This new purchase of the Type S SC11721B-6 covers was made to replace one from 4 years ago purchased at a local auto store . The new covers are alot cheaper . Less material , the insert in the back to keep the cover down into the turn of the seat was cracked when recieved and continued to fall apart as it was installed . The material on the edge skirts is shorter so that they do not cover the seat below as the older units did . I removed the new unit , washed the old ones and re-installed them , still looking good after 4 years . The new one , well , it will go to my son 's car when he gets it .
 I purchased these for my jeep because neoprene is waterproof but these are not made from neoprene or wetsuit material and are not waterproof or water resistant in the least . The fit was not very good either . Total waste of money !
 First of all i got wrong colour . I asked for a blue , i got black !!! At least i was expecting a combination of dark and light blue , but i got combination of black and blue . Buying just one cover dose not make sense , it will not gel with the interiors . I thought its water proof cover , but it is not . It is just water repellent to some extent . i shall not buy it again , sorry .
 The description is misleading , the picture shows the strut with Boot/bumper , only struts are in the box no boot or bumper . When I ordered this I was expecting to receive what is shown , not so . Disappointed .
 I ordered this kit for a 1978 Chevy K20 -LRB- 3/4 ton -RRB- pickup . The u bolts with this kit will not fit the 3/4 ton rear axle , maybe the 1/2 ton but that 's not what I ordered.If you need this kit for a 3/4 ton look elsewhere as Amazon does not have it . Returning for a refund , I reordered the correct part from Summit Racing .
 Using the flowmaster website I picked this muffler as it was one of their lowest interior resonance and lowest external sound . I started my 2000 Tundra with the V8 with no muffler before I installed this . After I installed this muffler I could not tell a difference . It was terrible . I can not stand driving down the road at 50-70mph with this muffler . You can not hear yourself think in the cab of the truck , let alone hear a radio or carry on a conversation.Stay away from this muffler/brand/series .
 This is not what it is advertised to be . It arrived and it was an oil cap ! Do n't be fooled into buying
 I read the other reviews and should have listened . I thought Hey after a few bad reviews Amazon probably fixed the problem . but nope . A Letdown by Amazon . I had too much faith in them . Dont buy this product its not a distributor gear . Order this product if you want a cheap looking Pink Shift Knob for your car !!!!!
 The part description and part number and picture was correct , but I receive aluminum shift knobs ... . so called them and reordered and received the same wromg part again !!!!!!!!!
 I ordered distributor gears ... I got shifter knobs ... TWICE !! After waiting more than a week the first time , I sent back the improperly pulled parts with a note to `` Please have someone that knows what a gear is pull the parts '' I waited another week or more just to get two more shift knobs ... . Very disappointing when a car is sitting in my garage waiting for the parts . More than two weeks later , I just sourced the parts from another company . I do n't know which outfit had these parts , but they are either not very smart or trying to pull a fast one hoping I 'd just get frustrated and keep the wrong parts . Amazon should strongly reprimand this company for making them look bad.The good news is the Amazon help desk worker was very apologetic and helpful . Great customer service on Amazon 's part !! Thanks .
 I ordered this gear and received an ugly after-market 5-speed shift handle . I called customer service and they submitted another order . 3 days later I received another ugly shift handle . My next call to customer service did not solve this issue .
 Claims it can handle 4 gauge wire I could not even squeeze 9 gauge wire in there without modifying the wire .
 This inverter sort of meets it 's specifications . However I had trouble with getting it to run inductive loads . The over current protection circuit is too sensitive and it would trip if I tried to fun my little 130 watt refrigerator or an electric drill . On non inductive loads like electronics , it worked fine , but some times it makes different buzzing sounds . For the price it is a good value as long as you are not running motorized equipment off of it .
 I have no idea if this inverter even works . LOOK OUT ! The description in Amazon and in the manufacturer 's own manual states it can be plugged into the lighter or power outlet in your vehicle . You can not ! I understand that you ca n't draw more of a power load than the circuit is fused for , so for heavy loads you would hook directly to the battery , but the description says you can plug into a normal DC power outlet . According to the manufacture , once you finally get a hold of them , then after you try to get through the lack of English communication , they will tell you just plugging into your system through the outlets will blow your car 's system ! Nice to know they figure just the inverter itself will draw too heavy of a load for a 15 to 20 amp system?Amazon was very good about making the deal right since the product description was incorrect . I am surprised to see that Amazon has n't changed the description in over 2-weeks though . Hopefully anyone thinking they can plug this unit into the power outlet as described for light loads , then connect to the battery for heavy loads will read this first . Based on what the manufacture stated , do n't just get your own adapter for the lighter & try using it that way.My rating is for the manufacturer 's product description provided in Amazon and in their manual . There is just no excuse for such poor communication because of language differences these days . I would wonder about the quality of the unit even though I did n't try it . Any inverter that the manufacture states will blow the power outlet system in a car just by itself without even plugging anything else in must have other problems . Or maybe it 's just that English problem again ?
 OK , I admit that I am the blame . I should have switched to different brand but I 've been using Sylvania H7 SylverStar for many years on my Mercedes -LRB- x2 -RRB- . As other members metioned many times , light is quite bright for about 6 month . Then , brightness starts to degrade . Depending on your night driving usage , Silvania buld dies within from 6 month to a year . Belive me , this happened with every single Sylvania bulbs . This happens almost always . This is quite expensive light bulb but it dons ' t last long at all . It is so frustrating . Usually one light goes out then other light will go out in next couple of month.Therefore , you always have to have an extra buld handy . Do n't waste your money . Buy other brand light bulb . I know I am . DO N'T WATES YOUR MONEY !!!
 Similar to others , I purchased these to replace the factory OEM bulbs when one burned out and they last only 9 months . One burned out and within a month the other burned out . After the 2nd one burned out , I checked the specs and was amazed that these were only rated for 125 hours . For the $ 40 I paid for the set , I definitely wo n't be purchasing these or any other SilverStar branded bulbs .
 I enjoyed the satisfactory output of these bulbs , but within five months , one bulb burned out . The other burned out two months later . These bulbs do a great job of lighting the road ahead , but within a few months , they 'll only do a great job of lighting half of the road -- either the left half or the right ! These days , police aggressively patrol for suspected DUI offenders by stopping cars with burned-out lights . As a professional musician who is often on the road at 2-3AM on Friday and Saturday nights , I do n't need the hassle . I need reliable headlights , and these Sylvanias just are n't it .
 Bought 2 H7ST lowbeam bulbs 3 months ago and 1 has burnt out already . I honestly did not notice a difference between them and my stock lowbeams except that the stock bulbs lasted 6 years rather than 3 months : - / .
 I installed two brand new Sylvania SilverStar High Performance bulbs in my 2004 MINI Cooper in December 2008 and now have to replace them less than a year later . My previous bulbs -LRB- OEM -RRB- lasted for over 5 years . I 'm going to give the GE Nighthawks a shot now .
 I have these in two different cars , both Volvos . They are a very small step up from stock . The pattern is all over the place , and the color is cool YELLOW . Not SILVER , they are way overpriced for what they deliver . There must be a better alternative !
 I bought this product thinking it would provide more light then my standard factory bulbs from 2008 . Maybe the lights need to be re-calibrated to point higher , otherwise the distance is poor .
 This brand has got to be one of the worst ever . Unluckily for us , it 's the only one carried by our local auto parts store . The bulbs last maybe a month then need to be replaced again , and we 've used Sylvania 's headlight , brake light , and taillight replacement bulbs , replacing 5 in the past 2 months alone . This is ridiculous ! Have now decided to buy replacements of a different brand online to avoid wasting more money on Sylvania bulbs .
 Several years ago when I replaced the headlights in my 2008 Chevy Impala with these bulbs it made a 100 % difference and I was impressed . When I recently replaced the factory bulbs of my 2010 Mazda CX-7 with these bulbs , the difference was only marginally noticeable . It may be that the factory bulbs of the CX-7 were better than those of my Impala or it may be that my expectations were higher this time around . Either way , the difference was not really worth the cost of upgrade and to top it off , both bulbs died w/in a week of each other only 5 months after installation . The improvement was barely noticeable and probably not worth the price of the `` upgrade '' but the fact that they only lasted 5 months makes me wish I had not made this purchase .
 They do n't last at all . Got less than 2 months out of the set I just put in . Certainly not worth the money . I wo n't buy these again .
 I purchased these as replacement headlamps for my Pacifica and they worked great until the other day one had already burned out again ! They only lasted 10 months ! I 'm used to other brands which were also cheaper lasting 4-6 years . Very disappointed and I will buy a different brand next time .
 this headlight bulb is not pure white , it only less yellowish than the stock bulbs . It is difficult to tell if you are using silverstar or stock bulb because the color is very close . you only can tell when you have it side by side to compare . do n't waste money on silverstar bulbs if you are looking for white headlight bulbs . In addition , the life of silverstar bulbs are very short . 6 months is max ... maybe ...
 I bought these at the end of February this year . Here it is , halfway through September , and they already are burned out . Seven months for a bulb ? No thanks . Not when my OEM bulbs lasted 18 months .
 After using the H7 Silverstar in two cars over the last few years , I have given up on them . As noted in some of the other reviews , the light is pretty good , but they have a very short life . I was lucky if I got 6 months out of a lamp , and that gets very expensive quickly . If you are looking for longer life from the `` Ultra '' Silverstar bulbs , forget about it ! Same problem - burn out after a few months , and you are facing the replacement expense -LRB- let alone the hassle of changing bulbs , and the increased risk of getting ticketed for headlamp out ! -RRB- .
 I can not recall another product that so consistently lowers my expectations . I have been through 6 of these bulbs in a Mazda5 in less than 2 years with fairly limited night driving . They were installed correctly , were not exposed to water , and failed on both sides . I took to carrying a spare in the glove box in case I got stopped by the police who noted the burnt bulb before I did . I have seen nothing but similar complaints at other consumer sites.I have replaced these with a Phillips model that seems more durable thus far.Stay away .
 This was the worst experience I have had buying a part . It was bad enough that they could not ship me the part on time . Then I waited three weeks for contact from them . I posted a poor review , then actually received a phone call from them.They said they would refund the money and send me another one if I would remove the negative comment immediately . The guy named Peter actually stayed on the phone with me to remove the negative comment . I appreciated the gesture but it was not necessary . But I still have n't received anything after three weeks I wish I had waited to remove the comment until the part had come . I have called them three times , but no contact.I guess the good thing is that I was refunded my money .
 I just used this for the first time . Within one minute , the threads holding the adapter to the wand slipped , and I was covered in water . I redid the joint again and again with the same result . This is not well engineered or well made at all.Save your money , do n't buy this garbage .
 I bought one of these about a year ago . I love the idea because you essentially have a self rinsing brush , endless supply of clean soapy water and no bucket . I 've cleaned my travel trailer with it for about a year and today I was starting to clean my house and the cheap plastic soap valve broke . I went to Advance Auto to buy a new one and the plastic soap housing was cracked -LRB- of course , after I got home and started to use it -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy it . I wish someone would make this in a more durable design . It is a very practical concept .
 I was excited to find this product . I had looked everywhere in my hometown and could n't find any brush that hooked up to the water hose as well as has a soap dispenser . But ... After trying it for the first time I realized it was a huge soap wasting device . Ur supposed to fill the soap compartment halfway up which is about ten oz . -LRB- way more than if ur just using a bucket and rag/sponge ... 1 oz . -RRB- Then , you only get about 5 minutes worth of good suds before its used up all the soap u put in it.During the second use -LRB- yes I went back to try again , with turning the water down at the faucet instead at the brush valve ... still did n't work -RRB- I got about halfway done before it broke !!! There 's a connection from the metal pipe brush handle - to the plastic hose connection , that was glued together . I imagine that the heat of the garage loosened the glue cause it was gooey , but after cooling off , it was hard.Anyway I find this was a horrible product , that cost way too much ... even if it had n't broke on me !!!
 Bought this because I thought it would make washing the car a breeze ... WRONG ! : It is cheaply constructed , It is awkward to handle , It leaks at the attachment points , It uses up the soap in one minute , The soap on/off lever is difficult to turn.Do not waste your money on this product .
 This product arrived missing parts and appeared to be a used or returned item as it was dirty and had some scratches . We returned it without additional cost and Amazon quickly refunded our account without problems or delay . Considering our first experience with the Carrand Suds N Go was so disappointing , we purchased a different product by a different maker . All was well that ended well . Thanks Amazon .
 I have been using a Mr. Clean sheepskin wheel care brush for several years until it finally wore out . I searched online for a replacement , and the only place I `` found '' one was through Amazon.com from a vendor called AUTOGEEK.NET I ordered two , since I liked using the original product so much . What I received were two substitute brushes with a brand name of `` CARRAND '' , which , in my opinion , are not of the same design or quality of the original Mr.Clean brand . These substitute brushes are fatter and shorter than the original , and thus more difficult to use in tight spaces within the wheels.Am I happy ? No . Do I recommend the MrClean brush ? Yes , if you can find one . Do I recommend CARGEEK ? No . I feel that a company should at least give a customer the courtesy of a phone call if they intend to take your money and substitute for a product which they ca n't provide .
 This item ruined my dashboard in my Saab !! When I brought it back to the automotive store I purchased it from I was told to contact the company , which does n't seem to have a phone number . I brought my car to the dealership and was told that it will cost $ 495.00 to have it fixed !!! If anyone knows how to reach this company please let me know !!
 I 've ordered this Oil filter housing cup wrech for my Toyota camry . It does n't fit although the manuafacture claims it does , waste of money . Now I have to get a cheap plastic one from Canadian Tires
 I ordered beige and grey mats showed up , thought in the description and title it clearly states beige . So be careful if you order these .
 From the picture I thought the grooves of these mats would be more pronounced . They are practically flat , have stained easily and do n't really trap dirt at all . Should have known from looking at them when they first arrived that they were n't going to work and returned them then . Too late now , so I guess they were a waste of money .
 As mentioned on another review , the grooves are very flat , and they do n't trap snow very well.The color was great for my Honda Accord , but that is the only think great about this mats , i boughtheavy duty mats from Sam 's club for the same price for my Honda Pilot , and they are 1,000 times better than this mats , they are sturdy and the grooves really trap snow , the problem is that they had only gray and black , so i had to buy this flimsy and thin mats from rubber queen.I do n't understand how in another reviews they mention that they are great for heavy snow , they are not.But if you are looking for mats in this price range i do n't think you can do better .
 Well you know what they say , `` You get what you pay for '' This being said I would not recommend these floor mats . OK design but very thin . They will not stay in place , sliding around & rolling up . These problems can present a hazard around the brake & gas pedals . I decided to try another brand after doing my homework . I purchased `` Weathertech '' floor mats and could n't be happier although I paid allot more for them . That being said I did get what I paid for .
 The Amazon fitment guide said a 38006 was correct for a 2005 Acura TL . Well it 's not . The diameter is correct but there is a special recess on the oem part that is required for the mounting washer to fit correctly . There is no recess on the Gates/Amazon cross .
 Love the concept , but the pretty pink faded very very fast . Wish it was better made , the pink made it stand out beautifully . Now it just looks cheap .
 Color faded within two weeks . More narrow than expected . Love the sentiment , but can see that this will not hold up .
 Do n't waste your money here . This is a useless item . Here are 3 things obviously wrong with this :1 -RRB- Does not stick
 Energy Flow went belly up . Check out their web site and call them . The left me with a defunct product that I paid to return to an empty warehouse . The unit I bought was garbage and after scamming me they left their junk line with a guy in California .
 This is not the solid pack filter my car originally had , but better than the `` charcolized '' I have seen from other supplies.There is about 1/8 '' mat with media between multi-folded between the box ends . I decided to keep it as I am not driving in polluted areas and hard to beat $ 19 and free shipping . However for those who need real chemical filter spend $ 100 for REAL OEM .
 Just installed these . One side matched up very well . The other side was slightly bent in the packaging so I could n't get it to sit right on the wheel/hub . This caused it to rub against the caliper and I could not clearance it . Do to the noise it was making going down the road , I removed it immediately . Not very pleased with my purchase . May fit well for others though . I do have to say that with the way that these are made , they probably do n't have the durability to last through very many rotations . I just have doubts that even if you had a good set that they would be likely to stand up to handling very often . They seem to be made of very thin and flimsy material , like tin . Obviously they have to be thin to fit , but once they are bent , you will spend a lot of time trying to get them to fit correctly again .
 Thought for the money I was getting a great deal , but after my mechanic installed the new pump it did not work . After removing the fuel tank for a second time he found that the wires were backwards and the pump motor was turning backwards . This cost me an extra $ 200 and that took the fun out of that . Maybe I got that one in a million , but it still s-cks .
 The ONLY reason I gave this one star is because it would n't let me choose zero . The pain wore off over the winter and it actually broke in half by March . I ordered it in August !
 Box said `` Made in Canada '' , bearing in pulley says `` China . `` While similar , the one I received is not a direct replacement for the pulley on a Jeep Grand Cherokee 2000 4.0 L . It is the same width and inside and outsider diameter but the profile of the pulley is not the same as the original . This means that the large washer that would normally cover the bearing does not fit -LRB- the diameter is now too large . -RRB- The manufacturer -LRB- or should I say ` assembler ' -RRB- provides a small top hat shaped bushing that fits in the bearing - however , that does not work with the existing fixture for the pulley -LRB- it protrudes too far into the bearing . -RRB- I have now bought just the a bearing from Amazon , of a known make and quality,6203-2NSE Nachi Bearing 17x40x12 Sealed C3 Japan Ball Bearingsand have replaced the worn out bearing in the original pulley by using aNeiko Tools USA Bearing Race and Seal Driver Set.If you do n't already have one - aOEM 27115 Serpentine Belt Toolmakes removing and replacing the serpentine belt a breeze .
 Note that this filter does not fit a 2007 Ford Escape as it suggested . Wasted money as return period is 2 days over .
 BEWARE : This company lists items that they do not have in stock ! I bought several parts from this company , and after billing my credit card , they shipped only half of my order , then refunded only a portion of what was suppose to be refunded to me ! I had to get Amazon and Paypal involved in the resolution . AVOID THIS BAD SELLER ! Avoid wasting your time resolving issues with them .
 I have one of these . I will never have a second one . At one time , I remember when , Mallory was a cornerstone of the industry . Some time ago , the responsible workers left the company . My fuel system is about to be completely replaced . The car is a 1970 MGBGT with 2004 Malibu 3.5 liter V6 . This is a completely `` NEW '' system -LRB- including tank -RRB- with less than 10 hours on all of the the parts.However , where I took the regulator apart to see why the system was bleeding down , I found the 2 coil springs to still wrapped in celophane . Where the pieces of celophane are residing now is an excellent question . My guess is somewhere in the fuel rail and injectors.I am a graduate mechanical engineer and a registered professional engineer . I have been building cars since 1959 . At no time did I consider that I might have to `` CLEAN '' the regulator . In the installation instructions there is no parts assembly diagram . Maybe the problems with this regulator is an anomaly . I can not consider it to be anything but a paper weight now .
 Could be nice but no international availability ! At least one finds that after going thru all the steps to purchase !
 I purchased this product two years ago . The key started bending soon after , but if your very careful it 's OK -- almost -- when crud starts accumulating -LRB- mud/snow/etc -RRB- it becomes increasingly difficult to remove the lock -LRB- forget the little plastic cover , that 's long gone -RRB- . My key just broke off last week while attempting to unlock it . I thought this is going to be fun cutting this off with a hack saw . But first I put a mini crowbar on it -LRB- lock -RRB- and hit it with a hammer . The pin went flying out and the lock shattered all within two seconds!No I wo n't be getting another Master Lock of this type . I hope some of you had better luck .
 Ordered Glare Buster in February 2008 , still have not received , but credit card was charged .
 This is not a review for Mastch VC9805A , but rather a review of experience with Kaito electronics.In short - I would not trust anything they say.After receiving an item I did not order -LRB- was not even Mastech brand -RRB- I filed a claim with Amazon , because Kaito customer service representative was very rude.In response to my comment Kaito posted a statement that item I received was not wrong.Just a day or two prior to that they sent me an e-mail clearly stating that item I ordered was discontinued ; that is why I received an `` improved '' version.Amazon was on top of things and I would not hesitate using it over and over again .
 Product is advertised as tapeless . . NONE of their products is tapeless . Company rep says that 's the way they ALL are . Rear windows are tape on only . Bad/False advertising .
 Made in the USA . I measured resistance of the shortest wire from the set and it was ~ 3.8 k Ohms . My old OEM Delco wire was ~ 2.4 k Ohms ! This SMP plug wire set would be a downgrade . I checked some of the longer ones and same thing ; more resitance than my Delco 's . Also the plugs ends were a little larger and could be a fitment issue .
 I 'll keep it short . This install kit is cheaply made . The plastic is brittle and breaks easy and it came warped and looked like garbage . Spend your money elsewhere .
 Stay away from this tensioner . The pivot boss that allows tensioner to release belt tension does not accept any size socket correctly , and as a result it is beginning to strip . Appears to be manufacturer defect . I am stuck with it because unit is already on . Just hope that when I need to change belt , boss does not totally strip .
 Failed after just one year . Car is a commuter and shopping car , so the part was not abused . Since it failed in the hydraulic portion , have to change entire part . Not happy .
 I recently ordered this part , and found it will not fit a 2000 Grand Vitara as advertised , and have been trying to return it to the company for a refund . The company has not issued a RMA yet and it has been 2 months . Big hassle ...
 this item dose not come with no hardware compare to the other step bumper receiver it should have said NO HARDWARE INCLUDED also the hole that bolts to the bumper was too small for the 3/4 hole on the step bumper no I do n't need to addbut since I had cut the hole bigger and repaint it was much cheaper than returning for a refund I got it to work butwhen you sell a product you need to make sure things are going fit than making alteration and buying hardware kurt hashardware come with there bumper hitch and it almost looks the same
 The pulley on my OEM belt tensioner is metal , and has worked great for 13 years -LRB- 160,000 miles -RRB- . The pulley that comes with this belt tensioner assembly is plastic . A Techtip from Gates ' website tells customers about how inferior plastic pulleys are , and how Gates only sells metal pulleys with their tensioners.http : / / www.gates.com/file_display_common.cfm?thispath=Gates%2Fdocuments%5Fmodule&file;=AutoTTPerformanceTensioners433%2D0794%2EpdfI wrote to Gates to ask them why this pulley is plastic , especially when their own website says that you should only buy metal pulleys , and they just ignored my e-mail . In addition to being plastic , the pulley does n't align very well . My serpentine belt is riding on the very edge of the pulley . I expect both the pulley and the belt to wear out prematurely .
 Installed kit 2 week ago and it started squealing again . I thought I had finally found a fix , but no , it still squeals . I started out with new original belt and pulleys . Tried &#34; better &#34; belt , no help . Found this kit on line , no help !!!!
 I have had problems with the Serpentine belt for years and saw this solution and ordered it . Got the order and set it on the shelf waiting for a free day to work on it . Opened the box today and there is a tensioner , a belt , and a bolt . No Pulley ?!?!?! Also looks like a washer or spacer should have come with the kit . It is hard to know since there is no parts list included . How do I get this problem fixed ?
 I was really hoping this kit would be a solution for the noise problem since I never had problems with the belt coming off.I had this kit installed at the labor rate for @ 1.5 hours . One week later after some damp weather the noise was back at least as bad as before . Of course , now the parts were not under warranty by the installer since I supplied the parts . The previously installed standard Gates belt lasted a few weeks longer before starting to make noise.With the standard setup I had much better results regarding noise with the Goodyear Gatorback belt , which ran quiet for at least two years , but now I am stuck with the Gates enhancement and belt unless I revert at great cost again .
 THE SERPENTINE BELT AND PULLEYS WERE GOOD , BUT THERE WAS NO BOLT OR SPACER WASHER INCLUDED FOR THE IDLER PULLEY .
 Installed on warm night and everything went fine . Woke up to the front two cracked . Upon contacting there customer service was told go fly a kite and passed off to one after another and sent the forwarded email stating tag your it , as in there too lazy to take off it . Great customer service TAG -LRB- your f ^ & % $ G Lazy seelers of junk -RRB- . There must be better quality shade than these . Do not waste your hard earned money on something that no one will stand behind .
 Bought these to go with my high performance cross drilled and slotted rotors . After 10,000 miles the pad material fell off the backing plate and the backing plate destroyed my rotor . Do not buy this pad !
 The wire set came with some adapters for a distributer.The 2RZ-FE engine on a 1998 Tacoma does not have a distributer.You might be able to use the adapters on the coils.Or you might not . I did n't want to try.I bought a set of NGK wires with OEM style connecters .
 I had problems with battery going dead so I bought this gauge to watch my electical system . It is just plain inaccurate . I gave it one star because it does n't do it 's basic function . I compared with a Fluke meter that I know is accurate and there is 2 volt difference . I called Kuryakyn and they said do n't worry about the numbers , only the LEDs . However , there explanation of the LED scale does n't match the 8 - 16 Volt scale .
 I do n't know if I am putting this stuff on wrong or not . Directions say to put it on liberly . The stuff never dries it stays slimy . No problems with the seller just the product.Do not buy you wo n't be happy .
 This item works exactly as described with respect to protecting skin from grease , grime and non water based paints and solvents . However after using this product my skin dries up terribly for at least 24 hours after being fully washed off . And if used again the next day , as I would do in a manufacturing setting , my skin dries up so badly that painful cracking of my finger tips begins . I do not recommend this product to anyone , especially if you have sensitive skin .
 No instructions 2bolts missing and 1chain missing Not Happy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 Just replacing these bulbs in a 2003 Avalanche because the Amber color all peeled and fell off inside the light housing and we ca n't get it all out . Not sure what to replace them with , maybe LED ?
 no problem with bulb per se , but it does * not * fit the 2007 Lexus GX470And I 'm too lazy to return it . Yup.One star because the configuratior says it fits
 I thought these might be the ticket for my 2001 2500HD Silverado but I knew they would n't work as soon as I drove with them . Any curve or sudden movement immediately allows the rear end to sway excessively . For a shock that is designed for a high profile vehicle , it does not provide stabiity for a basic pickup truck . I immediately order Bilstein shocks and replaced the Monroe 's immediately -- What a pleasant difference .
 I purchased this to replace my current rails . I also bought a Curt Q20 5th wheel hitch.The box this arrived in was open and one end was totally torn off and repaired with packaging tape . It did not have any of the bolts , washers , or lock nuts in the package . It also did not have the brackets to mount to the frame . I went to the local hardware store and purchased grade 8 hardware and used existing brackets . I wish I would have only bought the rails and not the kit . I went to the local hardware store and purchased grade 8 hardware and used existing brackets.Very disappointed .
 Despite stating it would fit my 2003 Lexus gx470 it would not fit . Mechanic said despite the manufacturer stating it was the correct part -LRB- he checked it out too -RRB- it was not the right part and he had to order the part listed for the 2002 Lexus gx470 . So I do n't know how to rate the quality of the part since I was not able to use it but they need to update their records to show that it does n't fit 2003 Lexus .
 This system does not fit ALL 93-97 Del Sols . Mine is a '97 S model . This system does not fit the S model . The cat is different , the lead pipe is different and the mounting flange is different . I will say it does appear to be a very well built system . Nothing tinny or flimsy about it . I just could n't use it . I will also say that the price was the best I found on the net and the service from Amazon was excellent.P.S.I had to mark a star for this review , so I picked one star.Not because I hated it , but because I could n't use it .
 Another example of American brands outsourcing to China . These parts say `` Made in China '' . They look OK but the metalurgy is inferior , made from recycled scrap.These are brakes , a critical safety component , not a cheap decorative lamp . Parts arrived beat up , not properly packaged , dents in surfaces from metal to metal contact . Would not repeat purchase.Lesson learned , buy where you can inspect the part prior to purchase . It may cost more but you will save in the long run . And just might save your life in the case of critical brake parts .
 I was really excited about this Eton hand crank radio . However , I soon realized several problems : # 1-It says to crank it at the speed of two revolutions per second for 90 seconds , and the charge should last 30 minutes . Actually , the charge only lasts 10 minutes . # 2-The cellphone adapter that the company sent me fits into my cellphone , but does not fit into the radio ! This renders it totally useless as a cellphone charger . # 3-FM channels get all staticky once you set the radio down . It seems that if you 're holding the radio , your body acts as an antenna but once you go away from it , it instantly gets all this static.To sum it all up , let me just say this -- great idea , peeps , but poor execution .
 It has wonderful features , but I was unable to pick up my two local NPR stations ! We tried and tried , and though we are not more than five miles from one of our local stations , there was absolutely no reception . Perhaps it was just a lemon , because I have n't read this criticism anywhere else . I may try another one , because other than that I thought it was great.Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB-
 Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB- Grundig was the TOP-OF-THE-LINE , in radios ... . From the other reviews it appears that I must have received a lemon , from the bottom of the basket.After the recommended A/C charging time , the radio played about 15 minutes . After charging , a second time for 24 hours , it played about 1.5 hours before going stone dead.When it did work , the stations failed to come in clearly or distinct . BIG BUMMER , all the way around !!!! How much fun it was to be camping , during a rainstorm , with NO light , or radio.The topper is that the cell phone charger failed to arrive before we left on a camping trip . As of this date , it is still conspicious by its absence.Grundig , where did your quality workmanship disappear ????
 If the manufacturer did n't lie in the product specification , I would give the radio a 3-star . As oppose to the manufacturer 's specification , this radio :1 -RRB- is NOT water proof . This becomes pretty apparent , once you hold a unit in your own hands ; 2 -RRB- does NOT include any cell phone charger connector ; 3 -RRB- does NOT have a really sturdy build . This becomes pretty apparent , once you hold a unit in your own hands.Also , the FM radio receiver is very crappy . I frankly do n't understand why the manufacturer did n't bother to install a decent FM radio receiver , which should n't be too much to ask in these days .
 Since I did not receive either a direction manual or a warrenty I am very dissatisfied .
 The Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio arrived in very good condition . I was very pleased with the whole transaction . The box was in excellent condition , as was the radio . I was very pleased with it . I would recommend the radio to all of my friends .
 Antenna is flimsy , and the tip broke off the FIRST TIME I tried to collapse it after use . -LRB- Feels like plastic that looks like metal . -RRB- Radio wo n't get a good signal unless standing near a window.Has `` phone charger '' port , but does n't include adapters.Overpriced . -LRB- For $ 59 , it should be a bit more `` sturdy . '' -RRB- If you 're looking for a REAL emergency radio to last you through your next crisis , this is n't it . This is just a novelty radio , similar to what you 'd win at a carnival after winning the balloon-dart game .
 i wound the crank at a steady pace for 5 minutes each time i have tried to use it . it worked twice for about 30 minutes each time , and now it does n't hold a charge for more than 15-20 seconds.it still works if i plug it into the wall or if i put batteries into it but the advertised emergency use of the hand crank generator is of no use at all . this renders it no better than any other radio for emergency use.it is quite a bit more money than other radios of similiar quality -LRB- meaning cheaply built -RRB- . i would not purchase this radio if i had it to do over .
 This radio could not even tune in stations , both AM & FM , that I can get on a walkman that 's years old . I bought a Sony ICF-SW/7600GR . I works extremely well , is compact , though it does n't have a crank and is more expensive . I got it for $ 61 on an auction site .
 I got this Radio and tried it for a few days just to reveal that it 's working only on AM in good clarity . FM was noisy and a lot of static no matter how I pointed the antenna . The TV stations hardly picked up and when it did it was only standing close to a window . The rest of the features i.e the flashlight and other non-radio worked fine . I could not bring it to the Weather mode even though we had a few very stormy days in the area . The radio remained silent with no alert.All in all ' it 's not a bargain and it 's not worth the price , not even after the discount . The only good thing in this radio - assuming it would have worked properly - is the cranking of the battery in case you 're running out of electricity and batteries .
 I really wanted this radio . I like the looks of it , but I had a couple problems with it . At first it would n't charge . I could use the batteries and pick up a weather channel . Eton sent me a new rechargeable battery , and it did n't work either . Then I realized that the connector was loose . Then the charge held , but now I could n't pick up a weather channel . Not even static . The radio looked good , customer service was great , but the radio was not . I 'm afraid to buy another .
 I own about 10 different weather radios of various prices , styles , and brands . One of them is an Eton . My other Eton is a very capable radio but certainly not my best . -LRB- Read my other reviews for my opinion of which ones are -RRB- . This particular Eton I do not own , but was able to see and use up close in an electronics store . It has a nice compact design and got fairly decent reception . However for the price of it where I saw it , -LRB- $ 58 -RRB- and the price they want it for it here , its as extremely overpriced as an AM FM weather radio can get . It offers absolutely nothing in its design or performance over anything else I own to justify such an outrageous price . I think Eton seems to sucker in a lot of buyers for their radios for they are one of the oldest and best known radio company 's around . But so is `` Midland '' and their portable unit similar to this is more than $ 20 cheaper , and a whole lot more rugged as well . Take it from someone that owns a variety of such radios as this . This is not the same Eton radio your father owned and not worth it . Whether you 're interested in a radio for its AM or FM , or just for its weather , do not pay $ 60 for this unit . There are far better choices for a lot less money . Do yourself a favor and shop around ...
 Well , what I received worked well and seemed to be of descent construction , but it was n't what I ordered . I 'll change my review if the RMA works , but it seems that Eton has two models listed under 1 model number which is a terrible idea for the very reason that it causes problems like the one I 'm experiencing . For $ 60 I expect to get exactly what I ordered . A good quality TV/AM/FM and weather band radio that can run on battery or be hand cranked.Here are the tech details directly from Amazon : `` Technical Details * Hand crank power generator is ideal for emergencies * Provides you with an emergency siren , water resistant radio , LED lights , and a cell phone charger so you can contact help * Can receive power from four different sources
 I purchased this radio about year and a half ago to use on my desk at the office and in power outages . I can not recommend it.SOUND QUALITY LOW - So far , I have only used it at the office . For the relatively low price , I expected that the sound quality would not be that great -LRB- since its of course an emergency / portable radio -RRB- . It is not great but not bad for the size and price of the radio . As another reviewer mentioned , this is a radio designed for things other than high quality sound . -LRB- Think AM station quality and you 'll have the right idea -RRB- . ANTENNA BROKEN - What is more bothersome is that , even though it has n't left my office and has only seen limited use , the antenna has already broken off.POWER CORD/ATTACHMENT - The power cuts out because the AC attachment wo n't stay connected properly -LRB- the charging light keeps cutting out until you adjust the cord , then it comes loose and the AC cuts out again ... over and over -RRB- . TUNING DIAL - The tuning dial seems to be difficult to turn now , again even after just limited , indoor use . It turns a little , then gets difficult to turn and you have to play with it to get it to turn further.PORTABILITY - This radio comes with a rather nice canvas bag with a shoulder strap , which I have not used but like . Its a little too snug for the radio but is convenient and looks a little like Spock 's tri-corder on the old Star Trek . So for portability this radio is a good option -LRB- if its working -RRB- . POWER OUTAGE - The power crank and other buttons on the radio are well-designed and have certainly met my expectations . A few winds and you can listen without a cord.If not for the design problems mentioned above , I actually would like this radio a lot . Basically the radio is just not durable - at least not the one that I received . I would have expected it to break if I abused it or used it in harsh conditions , but that has not been the case ; it has n't seen that much use.I have since purchased another radio , Radiosophy -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , which I like very much so far -LRB- in fact , I like it so much , I use it at home -RRB- . It has HD and preset buttons -LRB- which this radio does not have , causing me to spend too much time turning the now failing tuning dial -RRB- . But unfortunately , although it is small it is not as portable , which this one clearly is . It also does not have the crank feature for power outages - but its not intended for that purpose.I 'm going to get another radio for emergencies . But I keep seeing Eton radios and the only other one I have found is Freeplay , which I will research next . My father has a Freeplay radio with a solar panel and crank and likes it but it is an older model and is not as portable -LRB- though he does take it outside and use it without a power cord -RRB- . I should add that I am still trying and researching these radios -LRB- radiosophy and freeplay respectively -RRB- ; so I ca n't say much else about them yet.If you want a portable radio and do n't want to spend much , you can get this one -LRB- the FR400 or similar -RRB- and maybe your experience will be better than mine . Otherwise , you may want to search for a better radio and consider spending a little more.I 'd write more but I see that the power cord is loose again ... Good luck to you .
 We returned this Eton radio because it takes an unbelievable amount of cranking -- about 10 minutes per hour of use ! Not a problem if you plan to use it plugged in or just for emergencies ; but we 've lived in a home with no electricity for 30 + years so this is an important feature . Eton was fine in handling the exchange/return of product/money . We now are happy with a Freeplay radio we ordered from amazon.com which plays several hours for much much less cranking than this one required per hour .
 The functionality of this radio is fine , but design flaws make it questionable as an emergency preparedness item.It seems to get good reception , the controls are easy to use , and it has a lot of useful features , like the flashing light and cell phone charger . However , serious flaws in the design mean that I would n't rely on this for emergency use . The control switches protrude from the surface and move with light pressure , which means it 's easy to accidentally turn the radio on by jostling it and run down the batteries . This is made worse by the included case , which is very tight -LRB- I had to tear out the inner lining to get the radio to fit in it -RRB- ; it 's almost impossible to get the radio in the case without turning it on . And there 's no room in the case for the A/C adapter , cell phone charger adapter , or spare batteries . To have this ready for an emergency , you 'd need to find a different bag for it , and remember to take out the batteries each time before storing it , to prevent them from being drained , which has happened every time I 've stored this with batteries loaded.The cell phone charger adapter is not actually included ; you have to send away for it using a mail-in coupon that comes with the radio . Mine never arrived . At the least , they could include an adapter for the micro USB style connection that many current cell phone models have converged on.In short , this would be all right for a daily use item , but falls short of the reliability and usability you 'd want for an emergency preparedness item . There 's got to be a better alternative .
 Apparently there 's a huge number of `` consumer-friendly '' emergency radios out there that are marketed as these great `` emergency preparedness '' tools but which do n't quite meet real-world expectations . I , for one , really wanted a reliable weather radio that would alert us automatically when a tornado was on the way . You can indeed set this radio to do that.I also wanted a radio that could serve us during an emergency with no power , and this seemed great for that
 I 've had my FR-400 for a year now and mostly had it in its bag -- which is made too small for the unit to be taken out of and put back in . The bag is too small for the radio ! The poor design extends to the antenna which broke off today . I 've extended the antenna maybe 3x and now it 's broken . I did n't abuse it either.Another complaint is the on/off knobs protrude so far from the unit that when you try to put it in its undersized bag , they turn on and run the batteries down without your knowing.Lastly , if you 're trying to operate the generator knob with your left hand while looking at the front of it and holding the radio with your right , there are no more hands to operate the tuning knobs or volume . It might work if you had another person helping you , but if not , I 'd stay clear of this model ... maybe of Eton in general .
 I bought the camouflage version of this radio , tested it once , and stored it for emergency use . Tonight we had a power failure and pulled the radio out to use the light function . After cranking for a few minutes I discovered that every function worked EXCEPT for the light . Second use , and already part of it 's dead , and it 's the light of all things . Not impressed .
 I purchased those from Auto Barn and the wheel covers I received were NOT as they looked on the Amazon picture.I have good nice RIO wheel covers on my car and I know exactly how they look like . I never had any problems with those , they are strong , never had any cracks.All I needed is 4 more exactly the same , but they are NOT.The package they sent me had a picture of the good wheel covers -LRB- like on Amazon -RRB- , but what was inside was DIFFERENT . They were UGLY.I would never buy it if I saw the REAL picture .
 This turkey is going BACK ! The hydraulic pistons were leaking right out of the box and still leaking after a few uses . Beyond this failure , I still am wanting for anything good to say about this jack besides it 's moderately light weight . Compared to my old Craftsman 3.5 ton jack , it is inferior several ways -LRB- a lot of loose tolerances and play , for starters -RRB- . Waste of my time .
 poor build quality . only 3 of its wheels would stay on the ground . had to return it as i did not feel safe . spending that much for a jack it should 4 contact points as opposed to 3 , something i might expect from a twenty dollar jack but not this one ...
 Not much to say , the jack was heavier than expected but it is good looking and fairly easy to move around . I does not work !! I have followed the procedure to remove air and checked the oil level . The jack does not raise at all . Called customer service and left message . Will update as the case progresses . Customer service called back , and gave me a procedure to follow , the procedure made sense , but unfortunately did not fix my jack . Called customer service , left message , they immediately called back and offered to send me a new pump . Exellent solution . Will update when pump arrives .
 I purchased this Torin 2.5-ton floor jack -LRB- Mod # T84025 -RRB- from a big , orange box store . The description here in Amazon , as well as the Northern Tools and Home Depot web sites said this is an `` aluminum/steel '' jack . You would think that the jack being made from `` aluminum '' would result in a much lighter floor jack than those made completely from steel . However , when the jack arrived at my door , I noticed the weight was n't a whole lot different from my -LRB- then -RRB- current 3-ton jack.Even Torin 's regular steel 2.5-ton floor jack -LRB- Mod # T82501 -RRB- weighs 83 pounds , so a ~ 20-lb difference between the two did n't impress me much . Curious as to how an `` aluminum/steel '' jack could still weigh in at 60 lbs , I took my trusty magnet out of my toolbox . The only aluminum pieces on the jack is the receiver for the pump handle , the side chassis , the back wheels and the side handles.That said , this is a good-looking , stylish floor jack . It functions well , and the key details like button-head bolts , make this look like a well-designed and built device.Pros : - clean lines ; smooth finish - nice details -LRB- button head bolts -RRB- Cons : - no pad on the handle to protect the lower edge of the car - not as lightweight as one would expect - no saddle pad - under load , one rear wheel lifts about 1/2 '' off the groundIf you 're looking for a true light-weight floor jack , this may not be what you want . If you want a nice looking , lighter-than-some-others jack , then you 'll like this one . I would have rated this at 4 or 5 stars if the description did n't make it seem as though the aluminum portion of this jack would result in a weight found in the lightweight , racing-style jacks . In all fairness though , the descriptions at all three web sites did say this weighed 60 lbs , so it 's not as though the weight was misstated .
 Just as an FYI , although Amazon 's Part Finder says that it should fit a 1995 Nissan Altima , it did n't . The valve cover gasket does not fit my valve cover . It 's mostly my fault , I would usually get more images of a part for my car to make sure it would actually fit , but I 've had previous success with Amazon 's Part Finder so I bought it sight unseen . Wo n't be doing that again . Again just an FYI .
 Supposedly this was supposed to fit a 2005 Ford Expedition XLT without having to custom drill . It does not . The holes on the underside do not even come close to matching up . What a joke . No wonder it was only $ 41 dollars .
 The item works well but beware , you will only receive one cover , not two . The photo shows two covers , the item description says `` covers '' and the weight says 1 pound.Again , nothing is wrong with the product but very misleading advertising .
 picture shows two ... you only get one ... not such a great buy , but it does work and look good on the warn connector
 HEI distributor/coil advertised as specifically designed for small block chevy/pontiac automobiles , and described as having the special feature of a `` Multi-Indexing Cap '' -LRB- to facilitate positioning -RRB- . Prompt arrival , intack shipping box . However , item 's internal packaging box was damaged and the distributor itself arrived useless with not only a cracked distributer Cap , but no coil whatsoever . Returned to Amazon with no problems at all , and ordered an exact replacement . Three days later , replacement arrives , shipping container again intact and internal packaging box again damaged . No obvious damage on distributer , but coil included as a separate item , demanding difficult bench assembly and had a non-removeable dust cap build directly onto the coil -LRB- unlike MSD , GM , ACCEL , and other competing brands -RRB- . Thus the coil can not be intalled in the distributor until the distributor , its cap , and all the spark plug wires are already attached to the engine ... an impossibly difficult task under the hood and in the tight rear engine compartment of a Chevy . Even worse , the `` Multi-index '' Cap feature was a marketing gimmick which did not exist at all . The cap has one tooth , and the distributors base has one slot . Thus the cap can only fit in one position , and if the vacuum advance hits your firewall ... too bad for you . No instructions from Mallory , Amazon , Summit or anywhere else on the internet regarding this issue so I called Mallory . Their tech personnel were n't even aware the multi-indexing had been advertised on this distributor -LRB- as it does n't exist -RRB- and promised me they would bring this issue up before their sales division . And to my chagrin , they recommended that I could file off the cap 's plastic tooth , thus allowing free positioning -LRB- `` Multi-indexing '' -RRB- of the distributor cap on the metal base . Unfortunately what they did n't say was that this would also leave a hole for dirt , grease etc. to enter the distributer while driving , and potentially allow the cap to move about , throwing your engine completely out of time ... and unexpectantly shutting you down somewhere on the road . No one should buy this distributer for a small block Chevy . And the Mallory people need to hire more mechanical/electrical engineers and less salesmen . Far better and more practical products are readily available , accurately described , and similarly priced . I will never buy another product made by Mallory .
 ive now had two of these and have also replaced the rotor and cap once and the ignition spark is random causing misfiring . the cap is thin and made in china also . i called mallory for them to send me a made in usa cap and rotor and i got a made in china POS again ! ToTAL FAILURES !!
 The design of this mirror is so flawed it will be difficult to put it into words.To sum it up ... I installed this mirror without a hitch , decent fit and the power function worked ok . -LRB- Was after winter so was unable to test if it heated up correctly or not.Then ... 2 weeks later I go through my first car wash -LRB- With this mirror -RRB- that I have taken all of the vehicles I 've owned to . I hear a noise , look over ... mirror is hanging by the wire harness.Basically the design of this is as follows . You essentially mount a piece of plastic to the door . There is then about 5 tiny little plastic pegs that then hold the actual mirror and housing to this `` mount '' . The mirror has stayed on by just using plastic epoxy on the pegs then just setting it back on there.But what the hell ... a power , heated mirror that ca n't withstand spinning microfiber?Pass on this one folks , unless you like doing redundant labor . -LRB- With costs you absorb -RRB-
 the first unit i purchased was back in December for the passenger side mirror . I had a problem first in getting it delivered . It took a number of weeks for the passenger side mirror to come in one came in and it took weeks to get the replacement . The frustrating thing was i was told it was shipped then told it was out of stock and then heard nothing until i had to e-mail and request the status of the order.while installing the mirror I thought i had tighten the small screw on the front of the mirror when the plastic insert for the screw broke off while tightening the screw . I did have to purchase the drivers side a couple of months later and that one I believe it was just a poor quality unit . When i went to install the drivers side unit the main screw did not line up . the small front screw that is located in the door -LRB- front screw -RRB- again broke off . I made sure i did over tighten it but it did not mater it still broke off . I did get the mirror installed it did not fit as tight as the original .
 These pads were quiet for the first two weeks . I have taken them apart three times and cleaned , with no change to the squeal ! There are no shims and the paint peels off quickly . I would not recommend these pads and hopefully , these are still under warranty ...
 I am trying to return this damaged lift kit that was nothing to what the description said , everything was loose and unpackaged and was also chipped and what not . And then I return it and two days later UPS comes back and deliver it to me . I ca n't even contact the seller because there 's no email so I will leave them a review . I just want to return it and get my funds back
 I 've seen low quality side mirrors , but this , is the worst quality ever . I bought it as a mistake , since I was looking for a Suburban mirror , and the picture misleaded me.Plastic is not even poor quality automotive plastic , this I rated -5 stars -LRB- minus 5 stars -RRB- I do n't recommend this to nobody .
 As mentioned in another review , the inflator has little to no power and will get hot after just 5 minutes .
 Ordered part thinking that it would fit my 03 ford focus SE . Did not and now i have two large boat anchors . Work of advice , make sure it fits your car ASAP . Do n't wait like i did .
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 The description says that programming instructions would be included . They were not . The piece of paper that came with the remote said that instructions could be found at the website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . The website is a disaster and the instructions are nowhere to be found . If you click `` Resources '' it has notes to or from the web designer left on the page that say :1 . Programming Instructions - This is not a primary category to focus on , correct ? You want users to buy the product and get the instructions as a value-add , correct ? If our understanding of this is on track , then leave this out of the main navigation . Maybe you could add this to the resources section.I called the number given at the website and got an answering service that then directed me to voice mail . I guess I have to use instructions found online and hope that they work . There are various conflicting procedures to choose from . As of now , I do n't even know if this thing will work.UPDATE
 Lettering on buttons wiped off immediately and did not work either , got good one for less in colors too that works great at another amazon vendor .
 Received the item but no bolts . Ca n't install into the truck.Call them twice about it and they said they will send them but never receive it.Never buy from this place again .
 While the product claims it will not drain a car battery , it did exactly that . Amazon refused to take the product back .
 We had a van that we had to jump start every time we left it a few weeks in-between uses . We put this charger on it , waited a few weeks , and had to jump start it .
 I have had this for 6 months now and tried everything to make it quit leaking to no avail . Also the dust just pours into this thing like crazy . One thing that it does do is lock and allow you to carry a larger load . But if you need to keep things dry and clean ... forget it . Real disappointing ... this thing leaks at the front and all along the sides.Good luck ...
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 Please note this filter will not fit a 2011 Mustang V8/V6 as Ford built the filter into the fuel pump . Amazon site shows it as fitting either vehicle , which it does not .
 My original switch worked for 23 years , a 1990 chev 350 tbi . It started to leak oil yet it still worked with the correct pressure reading in my dash . OEM made in USA ------- new switch made in China box says &#34; OEM &#34; not same this P.O.S. does n't work , do n't wast time and money buy at NAPA or a trusted automotive parts house where you can replace it the same day , if it is defective , I had to use wife 's car go to NAPA buy a switch that worked first time all this did was cost me time and money . Take out Dist . remove def . switch a headache !!!!!
 Defective ratchet . Will not hold in place . Perhaps I just got a lemon . When it is tightened it just pops off the gear and will not create enough tension to hold in place .
 I was buying for my jeep cherokee for when I lower the back seat for storage.When I went to tighten then ratchet down to lock , the bar would buckle a bit and jump a detent on the ratchet bar.Which would in my opinon make this system useless for my needs . -LRB- No staying-put power -RRB- I will try the twist type system next.Keeper 05059 Ratcheting Cargo BarSorry Will S.New Hampshire
 I bought this , and it will not stay where I put it , and Im only out about a foot , keeps `` popping '' out ! Thank God for Amazon return policy !
 I just received 2 ratcheting cargo bars and I am just as quickly returning them back to Amazon . The product was literally `` Made in Taiwan '' , need I say more ? It is flimsy when extended to fit a regular size truck bed -LRB- F-150 crew -RRB- . The ratcheting mechanism does not stay securely even when the ratchet is locked . I would not trust this cargo bar for any cargo in my truck bed . I was looking for a sturdy , quality made cargo restraint bar and this is not it .
 I bought this item to keep things from rattling around in the back of my F350 . The ratcheting mechanism slips when it is torqued enough to stay in place . I would recommend trying a different cargo bar .
 This is the most worthless item I believe I have ever purchased from Amazon , or anywhere else in many years . I would have returned it , but it took me a month before trying it out . You lock it in place and hit a bump with the truck and it slips back two or three teeth and drops to the bottom of the truck bed . Did n't look , but probably made in China or some other third world country to specs designed by someone with a GED .
 i tok this item to my SUV , its defict the plastic internal.i geass its good for truck only because its metel internal .
 Cargo bar will not tighten tight enough to hold its self up let alone holding cargo.Ratchet unit slips when you put a load on it . Wo n't work for what I had in mind for it.I might be able to find something it will work with
 This product is trash . it might work in a mini truck to keep shopping bags in place but thats about it . I have a full size truck and when the bar is extended to fit the truck bed it is flimzy and weak the ratchet is also a weak point . the bar would never hold back any type of weight in a full size truck .
 I odered this belt on Amazon.com and found it is about 10mm short , could not get it on . Checked Ebay , says the belt does not fit my 2005 corvette , Amazon says it does - NOT .
 This company sucks , there is no one to answer the phones anymore . I have a unit I installed 4 years ago and now I am having issues with the unit and can not reach a real person for warrenty . The phone goes on for about 30 min then tells you the mailbox is full and to try your call again . Just another company that outsourced and ruined their customer service . Do n't waste your time , pay a little more and buy an real unit from a real company and save the heartache .
 They do not tell you that you have to buy other products to make it work
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 I purchased this product for my Nissan Titan after seeing the generation one on a neighbor 's small toyota truck . After shipping I found a minor ding that I bent out , not enough of a problem to ship all the way back . After installing the product there was a noticable sag in the middle . This product just does not span that big a distance , poor design . I built a support for the middle of the bed just to give it strength . Cover leaked from day one , again I think it is a design flaw . I will admit the cover looked great initially ! After 2 years the cover started coming apart . Rivets had fallen out and panels were seperating . After less then 2.5 years I have taken the cover off and thrown it a way . Would not recommend to anyone else with a full-size truck . Be Careful ~ ! BAK 26503 BakFlip G2 Truck Bed Cover
 I bought one of these for my Dodge and I say buyer beware . The main reason I chose this particular one was because of their claim , `` The individual panels lock so that you can drive with them open or closed . '' First of all , not all the panels lock and the ones that do only lock closed , not when they are open . The first time I tried driving with the first panel open , the wind caught it and slammed it down on the moulding I was hauling breaking one of them . There is no way you can drive with any panels open except possibly with all of them open . I have n't tried that yet and probably wo n't . They have gas shocks that hold up the last panel against the rear window but I ca n't imagine them standing up to the wind . I feel cheated and lied to . I was also told by the manufacturer on the telephone that it would work with my factory bedliner no problem but I ended up having to cut my bedliner so it would fit . The rubber edge seals are chintzy and stuck on with double-sided tape . I do n't expect them to last very long . They sent me rough cut pieces of ABS instead of the shims like the video shows . The installation instructions are useless and I had to remove some of the weather seal at the back just to get the tailgate to close . I 've had many tonneau covers over the years and this is by far the worst one I 've ever had . I 'm keeping it because I went to so much trouble to make it fit and it looks pretty good when it 's closed . I will be buying something else as soon as this thing starts to NOT look good which I think will not be very long.UPDATE
 Misleading as far as ease of hookup . Bulldog tech told me it only saves you having to hook up 6 less wires . This harness only eliminates the ignition system hookups . You still must hook up for everything else from the 16 pin . Do n't waste your money !
 It is a nice add on to your budget ... but it comes with no diagram so by the time you are trying to find out wich wire is what ... save yourself some money and just cut the exesting wires from the car , wich you will have to do it anyway just because you have like 50 of them to connect . So just cut five more ... Big Deal ...
 It is good product but expensive I think.I bought this product for convenient , but really it was n't . This product needed wide space but my car did n't .
 I ordered this harness on 12/16 and as of today , 1/18/07 , it still has ` nt been shipped
 This review is for the Dorman `` HELP ! '' License PLate Security Screws -LRB- # 49258 -RRB- . These screws are supposed to work in conjunction with the Dorman `` HELP ! '' Security Screw Removal Tool -LRB- # 49259 -RRB- . Which is basically something similar to a flat head screw driver . The tip of this removal tool is supposed to seat in a small groove on the head of the screw and you 're supposed to be able to remove the screws . Easy right ? So I install the screws into my license plate holder in seconds . With a normal flathead screw driver or the removal tool . You can do with with ease with either . Then I thought I should try taking one of the screws out to test the removal tool . I probably should have tested them before I added them to my car but there 's my first mistake . No way that stupid removal tool would pull these screws . It just kept sliding off . I contacted Dorman and talked to someone there about the problem and the told me . The tool should work and that the screws could have been machined wrong . 6 metal drill bits and a lot of elbow grease later . I have removed these blasted screws . I have decided to go with snake eye - spanner security style screws instead . I hope this `` HELPS ! '' you !
 No removal tool for the locking screws . Works good but you will need a special key to remove the screws -LRB- which I dont have -RRB- .
 I ordered this part then found a cheaper price on another website and canceled my order with amazon , but they did not cancel it and a month later i get an email saying they just shipped it . So i get the intake and not only did they not cancel my order but sent me the wrong intake , this was my first time using amazon and most likely the last . The shipping time on the intake was literally a month when i bought it from amazon , but when i bought it from USautoparts , i ordered it monday and had it by friday .
 i was in no hurry to install this for i knew how much easer it was to do with a t harness.well i waited to long to find out it does n't fit my car.now im stuck with it .
 I broke both the torque wrench and 1/2 in . - 1/4 in . adapter with my bare hands . I 'm 5 '' 5 and I 'm computer programmer . Honestly , I 'm not that buff . a quick test has proven that under the chrome all of these parts in this kit are solid LEAD . Do not use on anything you might put more than 15 pounds of torque into . Might make a good eyeglass repair kit if they make smaller sockets and maybe screwdriver attachments .
 Solid frame , and would look good if covers your plate . I 'm in MA and the plate is visible all around the outside of the frame , so it looks stupid . Did n't end up using it . Not sure if other states have different size plates or what , but not a recommended purchase.I used the 20150 black larger rim frame on my wife 's Grand Cherokee , and that looks great . I assumed the other width/height of this would be the same and the `` slim rim '' just would n't come in as far , but that 's not the case .
 This frame -LRB- Cruiser Accessories 21330 Slim Rim , Chrome License Plate Frame -RRB- is too small to be usableunless license plate is cut to fit . Ridiculous . This item should not be offered by Amazon.http : / / www.amazon.com/Cruiser-Accessories-21330-Chrome-License/dp/B00032K32A/ref=cm_cr_pr_pb_t
 Way too small for Texas license plates . Maybe other states ' plates are smaller . They should give measurements , name the states whose plates fit , or something . Waste of money .
 It 's close , but overall I 'd summarize this as the typical `` you get what you pay for '' . Maybe some of them fit , but mine did n't . And the holes do n't line up perfectly either . Manufacturing tolerances of this product clearly are n't top notch . If you care about your car , I recommend that you do n't skimp out even on a license plate bracket . Pay an extra 5-20 bucks to get something of higher quality and better fit and finish . For what it is and what it costs , I suppose the product is OK -LRB- 2 stars -RRB- , but hopefully this review will help set your expectations low .
 The frame is the exact same size as my Washington state plates so you could see the actual plates around the border of the frame . I went to O'Reilly 's and purchased their &#34; Custom Frames &#34; frame that was similar in appearance . The frames I purchased from O'Reilly 's were $ 8/each but were of much higher quality . The Cruisers were okay , but definitely along the lines of &#34; you get what you pay for . &#34; Anyway , I plan on returning these .
 Although this product is still on my car and does n't look bad , it would have been nice if the license plate frame actually completely covered the license plate . Otherwise it 's a pretty sturdy product .
 Black letters came off the license plate after several weeks . I do not recommend this product .
 I purchased these trim mouldings and put them on.I noticed they have small ripples in the finish and are narrower than pictured.I am not pleased with them and would not recomment them.Poor quality but typical for putco
 Two months after installing the frames on my car they are pitting . In addition two of the six black letters have also fallen out of the frame .
 I have used items like this before . This is difficult to use on a Jaguar E-type , and the resolution did not seem quite right . For my purposes it was n't much help .
 Edelbrock used to stand for quality . The old man must be turning over in his grave that such poor quality is being sold under his name . Looks like it was made by third graders in China using rocks .
 This product have a nice looking , but when I disarmed the light to change it , I checked that the spare was bigger than the old part , so I had to work on it to make it fit . Not recommended for CJ3B users .
 This is made in China and is really poor quality . The castings are missing metal and the machining is very rough . I have one from 25 years ago and it was well made at that time . The one I purchased is being returned for a refund .
 Do n't waste your money . These things are so cheaply made that they ca n't even make it to my home by mail without breaking -LRB- went through two of them this way -RRB- . We 're seriously talking below dollar-store quality here . Edelbrock should be ashamed . I opted to not bother having a third sent -- after all , if it ca n't even make it through UPS , can I really expect any sort of accuracy from this thing ?
 This is a simple product . A tank , fluid pump with a lid . After 16 months of infrequent usage the pump stopped working . Why ? Because the interior coating of the tank came off and clogged the pump . Since the coating was loose , it became corroded.When I went through Amazon to the mfg. they claimed I had caused the situation by using
 Open box with part washer today . Motor would not run . Called company which manufactured it NO RESPONSE . Not as advertised . Amazon should go after suppiers like this . What A TOTAL Waste .
 This posting is not clear . It does not indicate if it is just one step-side or if it is a pair of step-sides . I have purchassed from Amazon vendors before who do this on purpose -LRB- sell items individually that are normall sold in pairs or groups -RRB- only to find out that I have been mislead . Amazon must begin monioring the quality of the information on these pages .
 I ordered this product for my son and ordered it thinking we would receive what was pictured , Well when we received it all we got was 1 Leaf-spring with no bushings ! when in the picture it showed 2 leaf-springs with the bushings and 2 shocks and U bolts so when I called customer service and spoke with someone they confirmed I should 've received what was in the picture and would send out another order and to return the 1st order that came wrong . Well when we received the 2nd order it was just like the first order that came WRONG !! I was then told the item we ordered was pictured wrong and and I would be refunded my money , well thats all good but this waiting for the 2nd order to show up and only to find out its not right either and then have to send them back and wait for the refund back on our credit card when you were paid and did n't have to wait for the money and left my son without getting his vehicle fixed before he had to report back to his Air force Base at Truax Field for duty and had to take my wife 's vehicle ! This caused problems having to find the parts from somewhere else and then have to wait again for them to arrive delaying the vehicle in getting fixed ! and all I got from your Company was Geesh sorry for the inconvenience no compensation offered and you have to wait for your money to be refunded deals like this leaves a bad taste in a persons mouth and makes you wonder how their still in business and hesitant in buying anything in the future !!!!! Seriously , HDrider269
 I was under the impression this was a complete set -LRB- 4 -RRB- for the vehicle . Review the details before purchase . The 2 rear vent visors were good quality when received but only half of the set did me no good .
 I have ordered the this product three times and eack time they send me the worng ONE . WHAT DOES IT TAKE FOR SOMEONE TO PAY ATTENTION OR TO RESPOND ?????
 I placed this order on July 22 , 2012 . Now it is August 1 , 2012 . This is a week and a half and they have STILL not shipped my purchase ! WHY ! I strongly recommend not buying from them . This is a critical item for automotive safety and I risk getting a traffic ticket or even causing a traffic accident . This type of lazy performance is how our foreign competition makes us look stupid . Thank you Peterson MFG !!!
 I received my front and rear set of Floorliners for my 4Runner yesterday . Installed them and went to dinner . In a 15 minute ride to the restaurant , my dates high heels really scratched up the passenger mat . No surface scratches , deep ones . I 'm replacing them with a $ 20 pair of rubber mats from Sam 's Club today . They may be good for snow , mud and spills , but they met their match with women 's shoes !
 This is a poor off shore attempt to copy yet another US designed product in use for decades . Too bad they forgot to measure the inside diameter of a quality roller rocker arm like a Comp Cams stainless steel model . If they would have , then they would have turned down the diameter of the end that holds down the pivot to the correct size to go into it . As they are , they do n't work and wo n't allow proper valve adjustment unless modified to fit . I recommend buying a quality US made brand .
 I bought 2 of these , but did n't have enough of some letters . If you shake the frame a certain way , then the letters slide over/under each other if not secured . I regret not checking my state 's laws before buying ; if I use it on my car then I could get fined because it blocks over a certain % of my state 's name . Now the frame is just in the box in the garage . : -LRB-
 I kinda regret buying this ... It looks really dorky on your car ... Really homemade looking . Would be great as a gag . But not for anything permanent .
 Not worth the money , failed in less than a month and I had to pay shipping back to the company . They sent me a new one and it does not seem to charge my battery either -LRB- took along time to get the replacement -RRB- . I have tried it on two different applications even though this one does show a voltage output my battery is still not up to snuff even after connected for two weeks
 Well in my state blue lights are illegal which I found out after ordering , like I need a stater pulling me over which happened to a friend who had the same hitch cover . They have a push button test you can see through the clear package , looks cheesy to me anyway , I returned it the beauty of Amazon .
 The reason I 'm not happy is because I installed this product and two days later it stopped working . I have to say that while it worked it was cool , if it would have lasted it would have been great . Oh well ? Mr Electric
 I have a '11 Ford Flex . I tried twice to get this product to work and it failed both times . First time , after I installed it , it worked as advertised
 I guess I did not read the complete description of this product . After receiving the item and installing was given a fix it ticket -LRB- meaning to remove it -RRB- as it is not legal to have a blue lighted item on a vehicle .
 Bought this product a while ago and absolutly loved it ... at first . I live in Washington and apparently this product is not made to stand up to the rain as after about 2 weeks it had standing water in it and shorted out . But while it did work it looked and functioned amazingly . If you live in a place where it rains however I would not reccomend this product .
 I bought this for my wife who is a huge Metallica fan . It looked nice when it first arrived . The Ninja star logo is very cool , but 3 months later the logo inside started shifting and it is no longer center inside the key chain . It seems to be poorly constructed .
 Finally got the new seat covers and they did n't fit !! Doubled checked the order , all numbers and the picture is correct . Truck info is correct and seat covers are wrong !! It is a totally retarded design !! They send you one sheet of generic instructions that do n't apply to these seats and show no seatbelts at all . There is no way to put the covers on over the attached seatbelts even though the ordering picture shows them doing that . Even the fit around the console between seats not comprehensible -LRB- and cheap plastic material -RRB- . The design and instructions for these are worse than bad . Do not buy - they will not work !
 Item not for sport trak . Item only has 1 sensor andv2 holes . Part fits explorer . But it 's ok should have paid more attention
 Este producto no especifica si los sensores de temperatura son de rosca o para meter a presion , cuando llegue a instalarlos a mi auto no eran compatibles , tuve que ponerle pegamento y dejarlos fijos , muy mala descripcion ! Tener cuidado !
 I think you have two items with the same part number . In the picture above CR-141 is for a Cadillac Escalade . -LRB- for 2 &#34; receiver -RRB- There is another Picture with the same part number CR-141 but in the discription it says it will fit EITHER a 2 &#34; 0r 1.25 &#34; receiver as I have 2012 Cadillac SRX with a 1.25 &#34; receiver . Overstock Auto is working on the problem but has sent me the wrong item TWICE.ThanksJohn Blom702 .324.6661
 I had some difficulty with this product . First , this part is much larger than the Honda Accord original sensor . This is only an issue if you intend to use an O2 sensor socket . Also , the wiring runs a little longer than the original part ... again , not a big deal , but just want to make accord owners aware . The difficulty that i had because the sensor was larger was with clearance to get my socket wrench to tighten the sensor.Finally , after two days , my check engine light turned on again . I disconnected the battery , and the light turned off , for another 2 days . Randomly , a few weeks later , the light turned off . The light turned off and on for a few weeks and ended up remaining on almost 95 % of the time . I exhausted all other possible issues and bit the bullet and bought a Denso O2 sensor.This answered all of my questions . The Denso sensor worked immediately , and I have not had a check engine light since.Do yourself a favor , if you drive a car similar to mine , stick with Denso .
 I purchased this plate for my Camry . Now you 'll say to yourself - why for a Camry ? Well , after searching for quality plates , online and in auto stores , one that was made OEM from manufacturer , clean , with wide border and without any flashy graphics , I was only coming up with junky knockoffs , and cheap imitations.These plates are sharp , have very nice screw caps , chrome is well-done and looks great after 6 months on my car , like day 1 . And the name , well , ` Insight ' fits any car , not just the one it was made for . I 'd highly recommend.Edit
 I bought this product in the hope that it would act as both a steering wheel lock and a car alarm . In practice it seems to act as neither.Although it covers the steering wheel , it easily slides round the wheel meaning that one can drive the car with the wrap attached without too much trouble . -LRB- unlike The Club , for example , which locks onto the wheel -RRB- The alarm is remarkably insensitive . Slam the door - nope . Slide the wrap around the wheel - nope . Shake the car violently - nope . Simulate driving the car away - nope . In fact the only way I could get it to go off was to hit the wrap unit itself with some force.Which brings me to another problem - it looks really flimsy . I have n't tried breaking it , but it looks like a well placed hammer blow would take it out pretty quickly . Everything seems to be made of bendy plastic . + The alarm is pretty quiet , and sounds more like an electronic toy than a car alarm . You can barely hear it from outside a well sealed car like mine , and even inside it 's nothing a good pair of ear-plugs would n't muffle away . + The keys are HUGE . Not just long and wide but remarkably thick . Big enough that I do n't want to have to carry one around with me.I suppose the flashing red right might add some security ...
 The idea is good , but there are several problems with this product , which based on the price , make it a bad choice :1 . - The `` alarm '' system is flaky , I activate it , come into the car , move it around and some times it goes off but some times it does n't .2 . - Instruction manual is not very clear , but I 've tried all possible ways and you still do n't get a consistent behaviour from the alarm .3 . - But the worse problem with this thing is that even with great physical strength and dedication it is very hard to get the brace `` tight '' against the wheel and therefore the things `` moves '' around the wheel , making it possible to steer even with it on !! I admit it would be very difficult to drive like that , but not impossible.The best thing about this piece is that it looks different from anything else , so you would hope that a would be thieve sees it and rather than trying to figure it out looks for another car . But if you are elderly or just not very strong , you will have problems setting this up in your wheel so that it does not move around .
 The Wrap worked great for me for the first couple years of use , though the plastic that houses the key and remote is of poor quality and started to fall apart after several months . No big deal , the key still worked . Until ... last week , the lock somehow jammed , and I was unable to unlock the Wrap from my steering wheel . I struggled with it for quite some time and even called the 1-800 number on the key . Of course , no one answered . I left a message in a panic , and , of course , no one returned my call . The only way to remove the Wrap was to cut it open and dismantle the lock . The bf brought out his drill and chipped away at the metal and plastic . About an hour later , with a mess of metal and plastic shavings blanketing the car 's interior , we removed the Wrap . Overall , a horrible experience . I would never recommend the Wrap to anyone and am searching for a new security device . Suggestions ?
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 Shocked was I to find this safety triangle was PAPER ! It has masking tape -LRB- on the public-view side -RRB- holding the reflective border on the interior triangle . It would flap in the wind . It would immediately be destroyed if in the rain . It is utterly useless . Even if I figure a way to affix it to something rigid , I do n't know how to weatherproof it . Did I say worthless ?
 one pair of hoop steps means one step not two . If you want a pair you must order 2 pair . Bad advertisment .
 The description made it sound like self installation would not be a hassle , in the description it lead me to believe that it is compatible for 1997 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo . None of that has proven to be true and it is still in the box because anyone that knows how to put it on wants my arms and legs for it . A good way to throw your money away .
 I specifically wanted a Standard Motor Parts EGV350 but I received instead an EGV667 . I have a '74 Blazer which has a 1989 TBI 383 roller cam stroker motor and Holley TBI intake manifold . The TPS on the throttle body hits most EGR valves and according to Holley , the EGV350 EGR valve has a narrower top and wo n't hit the throttle position sensor -- which is why I wanted this part . Unfortunately , you sent the wrong one and provided no return information or customer service number on your invoice .
 After 1 year of service
 The picture from this bike is not corresponding the discription.The picture is from a Kawasaki 1500 vulcan classic , but the book is for a `` ordinary '' Vulcan 1500 . That 's why I ordered the wrong manual.B . de Vries The Netherlands
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 fresh out of the box , we tried to use it for the first tire , and the leverage bar bent ! word of the wise , it 's NOT solid steel ! it 's hollow and definately suseptable to bending . just the other day , we tried to use it for the second time , and the bead breaker bent too ! in half !! not we have to make our own modifications to make their product work for us . if your serious about tire work , DO NOT buy this product . worse part is it was a gift for christmas . how embarrising is it that it proves how cheap the only two times it 's ever been used.NOTE TO BUYERS : IF YOU PURCHASE FROM THIS COMPANY AND DO NOT DISCOVER IN THE FIRST WEEK THAT IT IS POORLY CRAFTED PRODUCT AND REQUEST A RETURN/REFUND , THE COMPANY WILL NOT HELP YOU !!! I AM A NASCAR DRIVER IN LAS VEGAS AND DEPEND ON RELIABLE EQUIPMENT , AND COMPANY 'S TO PURCHASE FROM . I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS COMPANY!MY COMPLAINT IS NOT WITH AMAZON , IT IS WITH UCOSTORE . IT IS NOT A RELIABLE COMPANY.another addition
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . I bought Motorcraft because I wanted a quality product and because I did n't want to do the job twice . This pump was manufactured in China but it did come in a Motorcraft box . I would never pay 80 + dollars for a `` Made in China '' water pump and I 'm very upset that Amazon did n't disclose this in the item description . You can pick up made in China water pumps for $ 25.00-35 .00 at the local parts house.The installation went well and there do n't appear to be any leaks at this time.Feb . 2 , 2013 The gasket that was pre-installed on the pump has started to leak . I do n't think Ford Motor Company produced this pump , I used to work for Ford and the gaskets Ford used were a much better -LRB- quality -RRB- gasket . I have attempted to seal the leak but I think Amazon may have to warranty the pump .
 This item is not worth buying as it fell apart in no time at all .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Very disappointed , I thought they would be chrome as pictured as there were other black steps on here , I was looking at the picture , not the description . No savings when you have to pay shipping back . Beware to those of you who look at the picture ... : -LRB-
 I used this as a spray on bra for the front of my motorhome . It looked OK for a few days and then it turned yellow . I had to sand it all off and then I did it with Rustoleum bed liner spray -LRB- Black -RRB- . Looks good now but I wanted white color .
 So i have a 2001 Suzuki GRand vitara and i tryed to program it but I ca n't do it personally . I have to go to the dealership .
 I have a very trusted mechanic , he said this belt look like it been sitting on the shelf for years or was used . He said it just simply did n't look right and would not recommend putting it on my vehicle
 Although Bosch says it is compatible with my car -LRB- 1996 Toyota Land Cruiser -RRB- for the upstream oxygen sensor , my car throws a P0135 error code , which means the current draw of the heater is either too much or too little . The resistance of the heater is 3.8 ohms , but in the specs for my car , it says resistance must be 11-16 ohms . So it draws too much current . Either the oxygen sensor is broken or it 's not built to specification . Either way , this sensor does not work for my car . I 've called their warranty service line which is a recording , and have n't heard back from them.Other than that , the part looks and feels sturdy and fit perfectly . However the smartlink connector was a pain to set up , it took a few hours.If I had to do it all over I would probably by an OE style oxygen sensor not from Bosch .
 I ordered one of these for my 2004 Honda Civic Hybrid when the check engine light code told me that the zone 1 oxygen sensor in front of the catalytic converter was bad . I checked the Amazon pulldown menu to be sure it fit my car , and it does - but learned later that this one is for behind the catalytic converter . I installed this sensor and the check engine light never went out . I checked and rechecked my wiring with a meter and my connections were fine . The check engine light came back on immediately after erasing the code with a code reader that I ended up buying to troubleshoot the problem.When I finally called Bosch , they told me that I need a different type of continuous sensor for the front sensor , and this one only works BEHIND the catalytic converter on my car . The industry calls oxygen sensors in front of the converter `` upstream '' , and those behind the converter `` downstream '' . Most auto parts retailer sites ask you if you want an upstream or downstream sensor , but not Amazon.You should use the vehicle search on a site like Autozone or O'Reilly to check if this is the correct sensor since many vehicles have more than one oxygen sensor , and they may be different models . I wasted a lot of time sorting this out , and have driven my car for weeks with poor fuel economy -LRB- and may have damaged my catalytic converter -RRB- because Amazon did n't ask me which of the sensors I needed .
 Instructions were not very good.I returned it and bought a Walker brandthat fit perfect and has done the job .
 This part failed 3 times and had to be replaced . Only worked for about 5 minutes when I did get 1 tyo work . Had to get an OEM version and return all of these I got . I would not recommend this part .
 No me funcion&oacute; para nada en mi veh&iacute;culo Honda CR-V 2002 , perd&iacute; mi US$ en la compra de este Sensor .
 I installed this sensor about 1 year ago . I went to check my exhaust manifold for some issues and needed to take out the O2 sensor it was plugged into . The thing would n't budge . When I finally got it out and inspected it the threads where completely melted and fused with the threads in the manifold . Luckily I had a 22 mm tap and die set to repair the threads in the manifold . Avoid this universal product , it is cheaply made . I found a Bosch OEM specific model on Amazon for only $ 5 more and that model had sturdier threads , just look around and avoid this sensor !
 the part was not for my car would have used it if I could , cost me $ 4.17 to send it back the part I had to use was $ 35 more than the one so all together it was $ 40 to get things straightened out lessen learned
 It is very heavy and appears to be good quality . There is nothing wrong with the item itself . It is hard to put into words , but this looks very different installed than what I expected . I was expecting it to look like other customized frames I see just a different pattern . This however is a flat piece of metal that sits flat against the plate . There is no depth or dimension . Other than the chrome , it looks like something you could make in shop class . It also blocks the tags at the bottom of the plates ... perhaps leading to tickets depending on how zealous your local PD is on enforcement .
 Be sure to research your local auto laws about plate frames . This * does * cover up state name and any information in the corners of the license plate making it illegal in my state -LRB- did n't find out until a friend who is a sheriff said I could be fined for it -RRB- . Apparently , it 's also illegal to sell these things without a warning with it , but this does n't come with one.According to subsection -LRB- f -RRB- of Delaware state code 21 Del. C. 2126 : -LRB- f -RRB- It shall be unlawful to sell any license plate cover or framewhich would violate subsection -LRB- c -RRB- of this section if placed on aDelaware license plate unless the seller posts a sign in close proximityto the product which states clearly and conspicuously to the public thatit is illegal to place the license plate cover or frame on Delawarelicense plates . Any person convicted of a violation of this section shallbe fined not less than $ 50 and not more than $ 100 and shall payrestitution to the purchaser of the license plate cover or frame in theamount of ten times the purchase price.Wish I could get my money back for the thing .
 Fell off after the first day ... Would not buy againLooked good-found them lying on the ground the next morningNot worth the money
 I use this for pulling flywheels off of RCs . It works fine but its made very cheaply . On one particularly hard to remove flywheel I bent the turn shaft at the top . the whole thing is made out of cheap metal . For the price its being doing fine for now but next time around Ill get something made out of better stronger metal .
 returned because the plugs do not fit 2008 Honda accord . Do not know why Amazon website stated the plugs fit . I was charged for shipping .
 Very cheap materialI try to put that sparking plug in my Honda accord 07 ... but during the installation one plug was brake in my car head I just put little pressure and its brake from thread ... do n't buy from them
 the bad thing about this sensor is having to splice the wires and then put them together . also they wouldnt ship to APO , so i had to pay for more shipping to send it to apo once it arrived to the states
 I bought this oxygen sensor which according to Bosch literature is supposed to fit my model of Jeep . My OBD reader said bank 1 sensor 1 heater circuit was low . I installed this sensor and I got the same exact error . Logic would say there was a different problem being I was getting the exact error with the brand new Bosch oxygen sensor . I brought my Jeep to the dealer and they said the Bosch oxygen sensor was generic and was outside of specifications for my Jeep and they put a working oxygen sensor in which cost me about $ 300.00 . Of course , Bosch wo n't acknowledge or answer my emails . They like to take your money but do n't like to pay out . Obviously they did n't bother to do any research to see if this sensor would actually work with the Jeep . Maybe they think as long as long as it threads into the same spot as the original sensor it will work . I will never buy another Bosch product again . Rather , I will buy products from an honest company that sells products that are actually tested to work in the vehicle . Do not buy Bosch products .
 I do some occasional work on some cars and was very suprised to find that my jack failed under the 1 year period from which i bought it . I thought since i was n't using it everyday it would last some time , but apparently not . Went to lift my car -LRB- 2800lbs -RRB- on one side and the jack made a popping noise and began to lower itself . I believe the seal is no longer holding pressure . Does not lift and hold enough pressure anymore . I lost the receipt which is unfortunate but i will not be buying this jack again . worked great for a couple of months but after that not sure what happened .
 This low-profile jack is awesome in all respects except for one crucial point
 I bought this jack because my car is very low to the ground . After using it a couple of times , the jack has become almost impossible to release and lower the car.I spent 15 minutes trying to turn the bar and it wont budge . Torin said it needs a new pressure release valve but since I ca n't find my receipt , warranty repair is out of the question . I had to use another floor jack to raise my car and pull this one out . I will never buy another Torin jack again .
 So just as the previous reviews on here state this jack is well , jack $ # ! + . This was about $ 169 -LRB- including stands -RRB- from Pep boys about 6 months ago , obviously I do not have the receipt thinking this jack would last me forever ... Not . Anyhow this will jack up your car perfectly fine however once your ready to take your car down to the ground - super slam like a WWF wrestler , you know exactly the way you want to drop your brand new $ 35K car . I got what I would say one or two solid uses out of this and now it 's bound for the scrap yard . BUYER BEWARE , this jack should be recalled .
 Used the jack once and it worked fine . The jack cylinder started leaking after that and made a mess . It 's very heavy . The stands are a good design but are small .
 This is a universal part . It actually gives you a package of washers and a printed list and makes you install the one you need by smashing it in with a punch and hammer . Says it will fit a Dodge Ram D250 5.9 l but it do n't . It usesStandard Motor Products EGR Valve . Now i 'm out 3.99 plus return shipping .
 I was never able to get this to fit over the gauge . It was too cheap for me to bother complaining about it , though .
 I usually buy Raybestos Advanced Technology brake rotors and drums . But , these were for an older car , and I thought I would give them a try . Never again , the quality is not there .
 Tried it twice and no luck at all . The gel never dried properly and it did little to make the crack disappear .
 `` The Pitstop Repair Kit will repair chipped or cracked , up to 6 '' , windshields permanently with a resin that is 5 times stronger than the windshield itself . `` This is false . I have a 4 '' star crack and this does not work . If you have something about half an inch , then maybe this is for you . But 6 '' is false advertisement . Do n't buy !
 The sealing device did not work so I have the sealant in more locations then wanted . Additionally the chip is still visible .
 I had a small chip in my windshield , right in my sight-line , so I thought I 'd use a Pit-Stop kit to `` make it disappear . '' Followed the directions to the letter ; it 's not nearly as easy as they make it look on TV .1 . The resin does not cure as quickly as it should .2 . The chip is somewhat less annoying , but did not disappear .3 . The O-ring and pedestal that stick to the windshield , are extremely difficult to remove , even with a new razor blade . I only wish the resin adhered as well.Overall , I 'm disappointed with this product , and would not recommend it , as it does not live up to the hype .
 Save your money ... bring it to a glass repair . It 's free , your insurance covers it .
 ... and you can believe it because I 'm an oil man , and so is my son , H.W.Now if you 'll excuse me , I have an appointment at the saloon , where I will shout outrageous threats at my competitors .
 I have used this oil as of recent and it loses it 's viscosity very quickly and becomes dirty just like the Valvoline conventional oil . This oil , like most all off the shelf `` full synthetic '' oils is comprised of cheapo conventional oil with additives . Valvoline has never manufactured a quality oil . On the same test vehicle , Castrol part synthetic high mileage oils remain clean for more than 5k miles . Heck , even the Wal Mart brand full synthetic oil holds it 's viscosity and cleanliness FAR longer than the GARBAGE that Valvoline produces .
 I AM VERY DISAPOINTED WITH MY PURCHASE OF THE BELOW ITEM!I PURCHASED THIS ENGINE CRADLE FROM YOU WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT IT WOULD FIT MY FORD BIG BLOCK -LRB- 460 -RRB- AND IT DOES NOT COME CLOSE ?? IN THE DESCRIPTION IT DOES SPECIFY THAT IT WILL FIT A FORD BIG BLOCK BUT THE ENIGINE MOUNT BOLT CONFIGURATION AND REAR BELL HOUSING HOLES DO NOT ALLIGN WITH THE FORD 460 CU INCH BIG BLOCK ...
 The regulator on this tool is just about the cheapest POS I have ever encountered ... even considering the quality of other things made in China . The fittings leak , and all test results are rendered unreliable due to the generally poor quality of this tool . Save your money and buy something made in the USA by a quality tool company .
 This works , but you you have to realize its limitations.It will let you get enough charge into a well-working car battery in order to start the car.It will not , however , let you move enough power from one car to another to start a car that currently has an old , broken or worn out `` dead battery . '' For that you 'll still need jumper cables , an AC starter or a jump box to get a car going that has a truly dead battery.This product is a great , safe idea , and it 'll let you get a car going when someone let the battery run down , BUT , it will not let you jumpstart a car when its battery has died due to age or malfunction of the battery itself.To summarize
 My car battery has died twice due to leaving the headlights on , and both times , it has not been able to help me enough . Both times , it has been fully charged , and it has helped to turn the car alarm and dashboard lights back on . But it does not hold enough power to prevent having to call AAA or ask for a jump . All it has done is caused more aggravation , and it wasted a lot of our time trying to get it to work -LRB- 1-2 hour from multiple rechargings -RRB- instead of just getting a jump from someone -LRB- < 10 minutes -RRB- . Worthless as a car charger .
 I ca n't comment on the quality of this item , because I am returning it unopened . However , I can comment on the deceptive `` super saver '' free shipping notice in the ad . NOTE
 Description for the item said it came with mounting hardware ... nope . Just paid $ 35 for a black frame that wo n't fit my car .
 When I first put this fuel pump in it worked great . Then it just stopped working . Luckly , I was refunded for this high dollar purchase .
 This is way over priced for what it is . You can find simular products for around 500 dollars or find one that is better for the same price this one is .
 I ordered driver and passenger mirrors . The passenger mirror had a textured finish while the driver mirror was smooth . The price is right , but these are much cheaper feeling compared to the OEM mirrors and about half the weight .
 I am so so so dissapointed ! I bought this for my hubby & once received it was n't for our car year ! I wish amazon would have it said in description !! So now I have to send it back and I am very annoyed .
 This product did n't function well at all . I replaced the batteries I was sent with new batteries , but it still did n't work as advertised . I got a full refund .
 Ca n't attest to the quality of the product , but the description on amazon.com is vague - I was very careful to match the reader to my vehicle -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- and STILL had to send this back and order a different unit for my '03 Ford with an OBDII system . amazon , as always , was great
 This product may be a good product for somebody , if you 're lucky enough to have a ford that it will work on . The information do n't tell you which ford it will work on . I bought this thinking it would work on my F250 7.3 L diesel . Guess what , 7.3 L turbo diesels are exempt . If the information would have been on the fact sheet . I would not ordered it at all.So beware , you have no way of knowing what this will work on until you get it . Bad , but ture !!
 My model has a `` tab '' that is supposed to hold the lock in place , but the material is too flimsy . One time on fast deceleration to avoid a deer , the lock turned with the throttle , and the `` tab '' then pushed on my starter button and turned off my headlight . Not a good situation while trying to avoid the deer . Took me a while to realize what had happened . I do not recommend this product .
 I installed this on my honda . Very siple to install and adyust . I used it once ok , pushed the lever again , BROKE N FELL OFF THE BIKE . Big waist of money . Dont buy this product !
 Mats sent was different from picture not worth the money , will not place a order with Coverking.Slow about returns , be careful you may not get what you pay for .
 The check engine light came on in my honda 95 delsol , I googled on how to read the code and finally used a piece of small wire to read the code . When I saw this item on Amazon , I thought it would be some kind of electronic code reader , so I bought it , to my surprise the kit had a booklet and couple of jumper connectors . You can find all the information on how to read OBD1 coded just by googling . For honda and toyota vehicles you will need a piece of wire ! The material value of this product should not be more than $ 2.00 . I bought it for $ 25 which is completely rip-off . I felt I was an idiot to buy this product !
 I purchased a Equus INNOVA 3173 -LRB- IMPORT -RRB- OBD1 code reader ! No where in the Amazon add did it tell me tell me that it was for only Honda Toyota & Nissan vehicles !! ----------------------------------------------------------- Product FeaturesAllows computer to output the service codes through the vehicle 's instrument panel indicator lightsRetrieves ECM and ABS vehicle computer codesDiagnostic trouble codes flash on the dashboard 's `` check engine '' lightIncludes instructions in English , French , and SpanishWill not harm a vehicle 's computer system -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Frequently Bought TogetherCustomers buy this item with INNOVA 3140 Diagnostic Code Scanner for OBDI and OBDII Vehicles by Equus $ 199.00 + Price For Both
 I ordered one of these plate holders and it came delivered in three pieces . There was no return address or review to my customer satisfaction to get another one . If it ca n't even get mailed , how long will it last on a bumper .
 This product description makes it appear as if it is a MACHINE that you can plug into your OBD1 port . IT IS NOT !! ITS JUST A BOOK !!!!!! I AM RETURNING !!! They call it CODE READING SYSTEM !!! Detailed Description leads to believe it is a device.It should be called CODE READING MANUAL !
 Chrysler/jeep/dodge / plymouth all allow you to retrieve engine codes for free with a tool you already own . THE IGNITION KEY ! Google `` Chrysler key dance '' You will find instructions to retrieve the engine codes .
 I 'm very disappointed . The wording and description of this product are deceitful . The words `` CHRYSLER CODE READER SYSTEM '' indicated to me that it was a tool not a booklet . A very expensive booklet !! I want my money back .
 Cycling the key on early 90 's Chrysler products for the error codes is no secret , and the error codes are easily available on line . The manufacturer 's website does n't do much to explain what else is in the package . This seems expensive for what it appears to be .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 Amazon 's tool said this would fit our 2000 subaru outback and it does not ! Very similar but the plug is clearly built to accept a slightly different bulb assembly . While the bulb itself is about the same , this bulb assembly has one ridge inside while the original has a groove in the same place . So , you can slide this one into the plug . Complete opposite !
 the good news
 I have a Warn 9.5 TI winch . I wanted to keep it looking nice so I bought this cover . I wish I had n't bought it for the following reasons .1 . The cover actually trapped moisture `` in '' . I bought the cover to keep rain and moisture off of my winch , but I found that on hot and humid summer days I would take the cover off only to find that my winch was literally soaked with moisture . Even though there had n't been rain for several days . Because of this I started to use the cover only during the winter months to keep snow and road salt off of the winch .2 . The cover rubbed against the grill of my jeep due to it shifting around a bit at highway speeds ... after several months it rubbed the paint clean off in certain areas . It was not difficult to fix with touch-up paint , but some people might be bothered by this .
 I ordered this product , with a group of similar products , as Christmas gifts . All the other products were recieved on time and handed out on christmas day . It is currently Feb. 07 and I still have n't recieved these , my son keeps asking me where his seat covers are .
 The hood release purchased was for '97 C1500 Chevy . During installation the pocket securing the cable end broke . Luckily , I was able to disassemble the old and the new hood release parts and make one good one . The new one is obviously made of a cheaper plastic . I would recommend anyone buying this part use extreme caution during re-assembly , or you may experience the same fate that I did . Insert the the cable lock in the side first , then insert the cable-end into the pocket . Good luck !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I bought this item cause it was a name I know . It was n't the cheapest but it did have the name I trusted . I thought they would stand by their product . Not only did Delphi screw me with their return policy but I wo n't buy from Amazon any more . The return policy was only a month . I tried to save a buck and the part is n't working rite and it is only 5 months after I bought it . Screw them and Amazon for automotive parts .
 I purchased these -LRB- chrome -RRB- license plate frames for my car in March 2009 . They are pitting and corroding . I started noticing this about 9 months after I bought them . I drove the car about 8,000 miles during that time , the car gets frequent washings and is garage kept . A waste of money in my opinion .
 Does n't shade the sun . The only good thing , which is what attracted me to this product , is the suction cups . I 'm aware that you are not suppose to use the shades with the metal rod b/c they are hazardous if they become unattached in an accident . DO N'T BUY , SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 The chrome finish is irreparably oxidized and mottled after less than 8 months of use . See my photo above . Do n't waste your money .
 While my Texas license plates fit inside the frame -LRB- seemingly contrary to some of the other reviews here -RRB- , the top holes do not line up with the holes on my trunk . Basically , I ca n't physically run two screws/bolts through the top holes because the eyelets are too far away from the top of the license plate . I will upload a picture to the product picture gallery for clarity.Bottom line
 Why do you need a `` frame '' if you almost can not see it in front ? What is the point to have it ?????
 This did not fit my VW GTI and not worth the hassle of returning it . I 'm out $ 8 and have no frame .
 The frames look fine , though they are very narrow and barely noticeable for my taste . They look almost as if though you do n't have any frame at all.My biggest complaint about them , however , is that they are packaged with only 2 screws ! I ended up attaching them to the car -LRB- front and back -RRB- with only the top screws available . It was simply too much of a hassle to return the 2 frames I bought . However , this makes the frames more flimsy and less attractive - the holes are there , but the screws are missing . So now I am going to have to shop around to find the matching screws to add at the bottom , which is also a hassle . In short , I wish the manufacturer did n't skimp out on something as small and inexpensive as 2 extra screws !
 This item shipped defective . Parts not covered with chrome are rusting . This is usually a good product , I have purchased the same product recently and did have any problem . I need to have these two plates replaced .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 First of all , if you are looking for an exact match for your broken mirror - look elsewhere . I hope the seller will change the item description because this -LRB- driver 's side -RRB- mirror is not for a 1993 Honda Accord 10th Anniversary 4-door Sedan.I ended up putting the mirror on . You have to adjust it by hand since it is not an electronic mirror . The inside cover wo n't fit due to the mirror 's joystick which sticks way out allowing you to adjust the mirror . The inside of the mirror has some styrofoam insert which seals the mirror from the elements . You wo n't be able to put that on either.My car is really old so I do n't really care but it does not feel great to get ripped off . There were no instructions in the box either . Perhaps I am the fool for thinking this was exactly what I needed . Already waited 3 weeks for it to be shipped and do n't feel like driving around without a mirror any longer , so I am going to keep it .
 This is another thing that I did not receive that I have purchased . I ordered it back in April or first of May . Here it is May 16th , and I still do not have them and I have had no respondse from Amazon . This is not good . I would like to receive what I paid for and so far 2 items have not came in .
 The right O2 sensor for a 2003 V70 is Bosch 13118 that I just ordered and hope that it would work .
 Do not waste your money . Does not work on my 2002 Ranger . Cheap , I feel ripped off .
 i put these in my park avenue , took a 1500 mile trip . where i used to get 30 + mpg , this time i got 26 + mpg . either the plugs suck or the gas does
 They sent the package as they felt like and them term in the department of unidentified packages , I had to call the shipper to fix the problem , never more with this people ...
 I specifically asked for the 09-10 year model and 07-08 was sent I tried to see if it would fit and it would n't because the hole pattern was all wrong , would not line up ... I have to return this and hopefully get what I asked for . Product in general is fine just sent me the wrong size .
 I bought this as a replacement for my 89 civic hatchback passenger side mirror . I knew it was n't going to be OEM quality , but I expected something a little better . I suggest getting OEM if you can afford to . The `` manual '' remote stick portion that you use to adjust the mirror did n't work properly . I had to drill out extra material around the knob to make it function correctly . If you absolutely have to have a mirror to pass an inspection and want to save every penny you can , then this one will work . I just do n't suggest it to any who hope to retain factory fitment .
 This equipment is quality built . However , I did n't see that it was the exact same part that already comes with the winch carrier , not the wiring kit for the rear of the truck that I thought I was purchasing and that would have expanded the winch 's usefulness . I do n't understand why it is not returnable .
 The shank is 12 '' end to end with the pin hole at 9 '' . This item would have been perfect for us , IF the shank was the length stated on amazon 's product information.I gave a 1 star rating for bad product information from amazon .
 The Reese Towpower Ball Mount is a poor excuse for an adjustable hitch . The range of adjustability is limited and the welds had to be ground out to make the slide work at all . You would be well advised to spend 2 to 3 times and purchase a quality adjustable mount !
 There 's too much space between the two parts that slide over each other , and too much room between my hitch receiver and the ball mount . I 'm afraid the gap will only get bigger as the parts rock back and forth against each other during use . There 's too much room in the hole for the hitch pin , also .
 I read the reviews , and I guess there were enough positive ones to lead me to ignore the negative ones . To my regret . It does n't zero out , it does n't pick up a good vacuum read , it has no adjustment . It was a real waste of money . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This piece of garbage already broke and I 've had it a month . The needle now points about 4 notches to the left of zero without the vacuum turned on and moves to the space after 30 at the bottom of the gauge when the vacuum is running . Spend a little more at your local hardware store or elsewhere online -LRB- could n't find a better one currently on Amazon -RRB- and buy a quality gauge because this one certainly is n't -LRB- quality that is -RRB- .
 Sent these lights back for one reason , no wiring harness . called the comany with poor results .
 The listing was inaccurate , that thermostat was for a big block motor , not for the 289 it was listed for.Pretty disappointed that I had to pay shipping for &#34; YOUR &#34; mistake . &#34; This product fits your 1967 Ford MustangEngine
 This stuff works great , but it needs to be shipped better because the top has a tendency to fall off during shipping and the orange stuff goes everywhere .
 I ordered and received product , automobile timing chain , expecting NEW - as advertised . I received a timing chain that was for a Ford , not the Chevy as I requested using the `` see if it fits '' option . Then to add insult to injury the crankshaft sprocket in the set was in a very noticeably USED condition . Who is in charge of packaging or verifying these orders ? This will be my last automotive order from Amazon . Also , I do not appreciate having to pay for shipping to return an item that offered free shipping to begin with . Looks like another cyber scam to make a buck at any cost . Buyer beware - Dishonesty and Deception carry a price with them .
 Just be sure to search carefully for application . This item was supposed to work in my car , but did n't because it ended up being the wrong choice because of application information I did n't find until after I 'd ordered .
 Overall this product achieved it 's purpose - to provide me a replacement fascia for the stock radio slot to allow me to mount an aftermarket radio.Beware though , as it needs a lot of work on your part to make it fit properly.The color , texture and fit satisfactorily matches the surrounding it mates with.I would buy it again , but it is not as perfect as it purports .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The item was unusable . It was dented , and perhaps that allowed air to enter the product , and it was dried and unusable .
 Nearly impossible to use . Needs a pneumatic caulking gun or the strength of HULK !! I returned this because I could not use get it out of the tube .
 I should have realized this , but you ca n't sent a functional battery -LRB- with acid -RRB- in the mail , so then it was a pain to get it up and running . Motorcycle shops will have this , but it 's a pain and at that point , I might as well have gotten one at the shop .
 Bought a pair of these for one of my cars.I was trying to cheap out by getting these refills . Big mistake.Hard to install . Too loose . Falls out from the wiper frame/holder . I ended up buying the whole wiper blade assembly from Costco .
 I have owned and used the SOG Paratool for a little over ten years . It has a good assortment of tools and it has proven handy on a number of occasions , but it has no significant advantages over the Leatherman , and significant disadvantages.They claim that the way that the pliers pivot out from one side of the handles is advantageous for leverage , but I 've never been able to figure out just how that is supposed to happen . Rather , the arrangment makes it very awkward to access the other tools . You have to grasp the jaws of the pliers in order to fully unfold the handles , then fold one handle back over the plier , but the plier action is n't spring operated and the locking action is barely perceptible , so as you open it and then fold one handle closed , the plier jaws have a tendency to open and close , pinching your skin . When trying to use the pliers , because the locking action is so weak , the slightest twisting motion will cause one or both of the two handles to fold over on you , which can cause the jaws to slip and again lead to a very bad pinch on your hand , bad enough to break the skin . Simply put , this design is hazardous.When I bought it , the thing that attracted me is the smooth outer surface of the plier handles . That is its single advantage over the Leatherman , but when I weigh that against its considerable disadvantages , I have to conclude that it is a decidedly inferior tool . Each time that I used it , my resolve to replace it increased , and I recently replaced it with a Leatherman Juice .
 I was disappointed that the blades do not have a lock in place feature .
 I am incredibly disappointed in this . IMHO , it is a complete waste of money . It is very difficult to use . The pliers are always in the way and have to be manipulated before you can use ANYTHING . The `` ruler '' is useless . There are no scissors . I own a Gerber Suspension which is light years ahead of this piece of junk .
 Quality blades and materials being used here.Bad points -- No bottle opener - Has a can opener but no bottle opener for beers after a hard days work.-No Scissors-No locking blades - these nice blades will cut you.-Sloppy pliers - pretty strong but the 2 to 1 action is slow and cumbersome.-poor design - for example the little half inch knife blade has the edge on the wrong side so when you cut with it tends to close up on you -LRB- as opposed to open -RRB- with no blade lock how exactly are you going put any pressure on this blade without it closing up on you ? - Sloppy - when you use the screw driver you can feel the blade wobble back and forth.-Pain in the grip - the pliers handles are not made with any comfort in mind as the metal edges dig into your hand making it impossible to take full advantage of the 2-1 leverage system . It hurts like hell to use this without some gloves on!Based on design alone - It 's hard to take SOG seriously on this knife - I expected better . .
 Several years ago , I received as a gift the now discontinued SOG S23 ToolClip , which had flaws of its own -LRB- serrated knife , file and flat-head screw driver on a single non-locking blade ? what could possibly go wrong ? -RRB- , but it had the best set of pliars on a multi-tool at the time , so I liked it . After two of the lock-springs broke , I sent it in for warranty repair and received the S44 PowerPliers as a replacement . To SOGs credit , I got the replacement less than a week from the time I mailed it , no questions asked . To SOGs discredit , they replaced my discontinued $ 90 specialty multitool with a $ 50 generic multitool . Oh well.As for the knife itself : * Main blade
 wrong item sent Ihave an 8 cyinder and it was for a 6 cvylinder , arrive on time but wrong part
 Bought this to replace my 10-year-old Leatherman PST II , which is worn but still functional after daily use all these years.Right out of the box , one of the SOG 's tool covers fell right off . The other followed a couple of days later . I did n't really mind that because they 're useless and in the way , and the tool is better off without them . But the VERY FIRST TIME I used the phillips screwdriver , on the third screw the driver head snapped right in half . $ 65 down the toilet - I 've rarely been so cheated .
 Sog S63 is pictured , not the S-62 . I ordered this item and received a tool with uncovered gears . I called Sog and was told that the Sog S-62 does not have covered gears , SOG Specialty Knives & Tools S63-N EOD PowerLock with V-Cutterdoes have covered gears . This photo needs to be changed to show the S-62 , Sog makes great multi-tools , but this is an issue they need to clarify . I wanted covered gears for comfort while using the 1/4 inch drive and screwdrivers , and because I have heard the uncovered gears will wear a hole in pockets . I had to return this item and order the S-63 . Other than that , the tool is great . Nice big powerful wire-cutters and pliers , and if I chose to I can change some of the items on the tool .
 I THOUGHT I was ordering the tool pictured but `` Sold by
 If you have read other reviews concerning the ability to break the philips head driver with nothing but your thumb and fore-finger , guess what ? They 're true ! I just got mine in the mail today , and just for kicks and giggles I decided I would try out this little experiment . I applied just a little pressure and * snap * goodbye philips head , hello cheap metal . A few minutes later , just for comparison , I tried the same experiment on my Leatherman Rebar and no such nonsense occured . I guess there is a reason SOG does not reveal what type of metal goes into their multi-tool production.A second flaw that is very evident concerns the Power `` Lock '' function of the tool . The flaw is ... it barely works ! Half the time the lock does n't even snap and hold the tools in a secure position.To be fair , the pliers in joining with the compound leverage are pretty cool and functional , but that is the ONLY saving grace that allows me to give this tool two stars instead of one . I really enjoy multi-tools and honestly believe in carrying one everyday . Please take my advice though and skip this one . You do n't want to have one of these on your belt in hopes that it will save the day ... because it probably wo n't . If you are looking for a GOOD multi-tool that is circa the same size , weight and function of this one , I would highly reccomend the Super Tool 300 , Swiss Tool RS , or any of the Charge series .
 I 'm a big SOG fan -LRB- I carry a SOG folder ever day -RRB- , but this is not a quality tool in my opinion . I 've used mine three or four times since buying it -LRB- less than six months ago -RRB- . No heavy use as it sits in my hiking bag most of the time . The tools do stick together as others have reported , the frame has some `` wiggle '' and `` flex '' in it when gripping the pliers and the blade is noticeably thin -LRB- and chisel ground to boot -RRB- . So , I was n't super impressed with the quality at $ 70 but I could have lived with those issues I suppose . However , last night I used the philips head screwdriver for the first time . I removed three , low-torque screws from a Jeep dashboard to replace a speaker . These were n't `` tight '' screws . All three came out much effort . After removing the screws , I noticed the philips head stalk was bent to sideways 10 degrees or so . When I touched it , it broke off completely in my hand . It could not have handled a fourth screw . Apparently the bend caused a crack which failed entirely when touched.Looking at the exposed metal it is apparent the metal is highly porous and of low quality . If the thing had simply bent and not broke , I would probably just contact SOG for a replacement screwdriver `` blade '' , but the full failure has me questioning the Quality Assurance standards at SOG . Simply put , I bought this as a survival tool and there is no way I would trust it -LRB- or another SOG multi-tool -RRB- in a survival situation after this experience.The final kicker is that I 'm just beyond Amazon 's return date , so they will take it back but I 'll probably only be refunded half the value . Very disappointed .
 I own SOG PowerLock and PowerAssist -LRB- B61 and B66 -RRB- multi-tools . I did n't put them much in actual use yet , but I will return both , and I 'll explain my thoughts on both good and bad sides of this tool and the PowerAssist . The PowerAssist is pretty much the same , and the on-off switch is even more annoying . - The good
 I have two SOG Knives . The Seal Pup and the Northwest Ranger . Both fantastic , well constructed , well designed knives that I would bet my life on in an emergency . So when I got the multi-tool I was shocked at how bad it was.The SOG EOD Powerlock is a very well constructed multi-tool - really solid ! However , the design is horrible . First off , the locking mechanism is an oddity at best ; four individual locks and clumsy compared to the single large button locking mechanism on the Leatherman multi-tools . Second , the guards could have been totally done away with had they rounded the edges to protect your hands . The guards add unnecessary weight and time to getting to the tools inside . Finally , PUT THE KNIFE ON THE OUTSIDE !!! The thing your are most likely to use the most often should be the most easily accessible , not one of the hardest to get to.Everything about the design makes it almost impossible to use in adrenaline pumping situations -LRB- the ones when you will need a multi-tool the most -RRB- because so much of the design requires fine motor skills to get at the most important tools and close them when not needed.Pass this one up and go get a Leatherman . I wish I had .
 I purchased and promptly returned this particular product . Pliers and overall construction are good ; however , there is a distinct difference between the old and new model variants . This difference lies in the locking mechanism used to lock all of the tools in place . The one I purchased came with a single button . My understanding is that the newer models have a `` piano hinge '' style locking mechanism which locks each tool independently . I have the powerassist version which has that mechanism and it is far superior to the singular button . In short , great tool , but make sure you get the updated version .
 Cool looking tool , handy but made very cheap I spent the extra money so I would have a quality made tool that wouldnt brake on me but I did.First when I got the blade covers would close properly so I had to remove them and bend them with some grips for them to close properly . When I used the tool with the blade covers on if I squeezed something I was cutting to tight they came off or if I was pulling something they came off too so I took them off for good because the dont serve any purpose they just look cool.After I removed the covers I had to ware glove to use the cutters because if somethings had to cut when u squeeze down the tool digs into your hand.Second the tools in it are made cheap I was open a gallon of paint with the flat head screwdriver and it bentThird I was using the Phillips screwdriver on it to take apart a doorknob and it snapped off really easy the first time I used it . Now that 's one less tool that 's on it unless I buy another one bit for ten dollars . The bit is made out of cast iron which does n't make any sence cuz cast is brittle and brakes very easy just a way to cut cost or somethingAny way I still use the tool everyday because it 's handy but for the price it 's not worth it I could have got the same quality for more then half the price
 This is a poor excuse for a multitool . While the compound gears are impressive at opening and closing the main pliers , the so called power lock mechanism is terrible . You have to line each tool up perfectly in order to lock each component . When you swing out a blade or driver , multiple tools swing out with it , necessitating pushing them back in . Then you need to align them perfectly for the tool you wanted to lock in place . Even if you think its locked , it tends to come loose , putting you at injury risk.I had always wanted a sog , but i 'm going to have to return this -LRB- not bought on amazon , clearance at a sporting goods store , but even for $ 50 its not worth it . -RRB- This one also had no V-cutter , and had a second serrated knife . Maybe its defective or maybe not , but there are much better multitool options out there.Leatherman , and Victorinox have far supperior locking mechanisms . The Wave and Swisstools blow this out of the water .
 Bought the black oxide coated model with power lock and the spike for breaking out windows . Hate it.The so called pivoting handles snap off nearly everytime I try to open any blade and I have to put them back on again ... terrible design.The file does n't even file fingernails but will leave a nice strip of the black oxide coating on whatever you try to file . Black oxide coating comes off easily.Blade is sharp but it is hard to just open one blade or screwdriver as they open together and then you have to unlock them one at a time to put them back before using the blade.The additional torque offered by the SOG cam system is great but probably for the average joe 's use not that big of a deal.My friends have other brands and I wish I had gotten theirs .
 Ok , the good . The pliers are the best I 've used on a multitool . Tight , and very strong . And , the ability to exchange the other tools out is a great idea . That 's pretty much where the good ends though.The bad . Having the tools open only when the pliers are open is a poor design . Leatherman has the same weakness . Gerber and Victorinox got it right , I should n't have to open the pliers to use a screwdriver . The other reason to have them open from the outside is that then the smooth side is to the outside when the pliers are in use . SOG tried to fix this by putting a hinged cover over the tools , but this was just a case of making a bad design worse . It makes it far more annoying to open the tools , plus the cover is flimsy , and tends to pop off , bend or slip out of place . Last , the tool locks are very much old school , and nearly impossible to operate if you have thick fingers . I end up cursing and fighting every time I try to fold a tool back into the handle . Victorinox 's slide buttons on the side of the handles are far superior.And last of all , SOG 's customer service/sales are less than competent . I ordered extra tools from them to swap out for ones I did n't need . of the six items ordered , one was outright the wrong tool , and two others were the wrong finish . When I emailed them to have them fix it , they never replied.End result ? When I found the Victorinox Swiss Tool I had misplaced -LRB- the reason for ordering the SOG -RRB- I immediately put the SOG in a drawer , and went back to carrying the Victorinox .
 Hey all , first off , I am very much a fan of SOG 's products , but this one did not measure up . The pliers are fantastic , but I did n't spend 60 bucks for a pair of pliers , I paid for a multi-tool . The problem is the locking mechanism on the tools . I 'm not sure if it 's just mine , but a lot of them wo n't lock in , including the knife blade , and that one I need locked in . Also the sheers , need to be locked in to operate and they do not lock without considerable effort , but you 'll need a second pair of pliers to get it to close . I sent it back to SOG , and about 20 bucks later in shipping charges , I got it back with the same flaws as when I sent it . Like I said , I 'm normally a fan of SOG , but clearly I 'll be looking elsewhere for multi-tools in the future .
 After my original powerlock shattered i bought a powerlock 2 . what arrived was a original powerlock with a c-4 spike . Not very happy at all i returned the unit and was refunded promptly
 Poor quality lights , the lights focus point are off a lot , side to side and up/down can not be adjust to the right direction , if you know how to correct them and have lots of time , this lights are for you .
 This distributor cap will fit my car , but the plug wires did not fit correctly . I made it work , but it was not correct .
 This stuff is just awful . One would think something that will not be going on a flat surface , like a car door , would be flexable , soft easy to maneuver ... nope this crap just breaks off into other pieces like cheap plastic . Ok so the adhesion should be decent , it has to stay on the door ... nope . Hardly the case here , i had to try and screw it to the door , which ended up cracking the damn thing . Overall i ended up returning it , cause it just wasnt gon na work .
 Received winch but nothing on said it was from viper , box just said made in China . Instructions were worthless . Used winch twice before it went up in smoke . I dont believe its made for any serious off road use .
 I used it for one Hour and it broke.I tried to contact company that it came from Proline at 2544 North Lome Ave South El Monte CA 91733 They do not answer there phone and they do not call back . There Phone number is 627401987 . You assistance would be apreciated .
 had problems with winch working . called for help to get a manual and was told only a middle man could n't help . with combining parts from an old winch and this one finally got it to work .
 Winch maybe decent , but I have yet to use it . Instructions are extremely poor and diagrams look to be written by children . Solenoid is poorly marked and instructions call for a connection to the `` lower left '' of the solenoid . The solenoid is a rectangle and `` lower left '' can mean a number of things depending on how your holding it . Missing wire splices to connect rocker switch . No mounting bolts for the plate to any type of frame . For the $ 100 it cost for this winch , hopefully it 's a really durable one because they probably only have $ 2 invested in instructions and hardware .
 This Product is terrible , It was a complete waste of money . It is far to big , I needed it to keep a couple of cleaning supplies in . NOT A COMPLETE SET OF HUMAN REMAINS !!!! Product will not hold up its on weight . I could construct a far better product using my own fiecus collected over a 2 week span !! Far as I care Highland can go suck on a monkey chode . They will never get another cent from me . PEACE OUT PLAYERS !!!!!
 It collapses in my trunk and does n't hold much . If anyone knows of a better one please let me know .
 This container has numerous pockets and has the potential to be very useful . However , the bag is unstructured and simply flops over or onto itself . The walls of the bag are flimsy and actually make the bag feel cheap . The picture shows the bag standing upright and firm , but that is definitely not the case . I was expecting more and I think the picture is deceiving .
 This soft sided organizer is too soft ... you have to pack it with stuff in order for the sides to , well , actually BE sides . It 's kind of like one of those plastic swimming pools for kids where the sides only stay up if it 's filled with water . I bought this to place groceries and other misc . items in to prevent them from rolling around in the back of my explorer . The cardboard box I was using before is/was much better . I do not recommend this item unless you plan to pack it with items as shown in the picture .
 We have had organizers for the back of our Pickup and needed new ones . These looked like the same ones so we purchased them as replacements . Sadly they are not the same . The previous ones had hard inserts that made the compartments stand up without any help . They were very easy to use . These have no such inserts and the whole thing flops around and collapses . You need to hold it open with one hand while trying to get the grocery bags into the compartments . VERY inconvenient and ackward .
 I have an organizer for my trunk and bought this one to give me more space options to put my stuff when grocery shopping . This organizer is so `` soft sided '' that it 's a pain in the neck trying to place stuff in it . If you load it fully then I guess it works `` okay '' ... but just `` okay '' . When you take anything out the sides collapse and the remainder of items in the organizer ... are no longer organized !! It is so `` soft sided '' and made of such flimsy material that you can not carry anything with a little weight to it into the house using the organizer . Not a fan of this one ... my other organizer is 100 times better !!
 I always have an SUV full of brochures and promo items . This organizer is just not designed well because it has soft sides and everything droops and spills out all over . I also bought the Jokari organizer and although I do use them both at the same time , the Jokari has sturdy sides , so it does n't lose it 's shape and sag . If I had it to do over , I would have bought two Jokari totes .
 I 'm tired of using this product . While the picture shows an expanded bag full of items , the actual product collapses on itself and has no real rectangular shape unless it 's filled at maximum capacity . It 's like building a tent without any sticks . I have a clothes hamper with the same material that is able to take an actual shape with it 's use of zippers and small poles , i wish this product would be able to do the same .
 The organizer is well made but unless it 's filled with stuff , it 'll collapse . I ended up getting a cargo net that 's working better for me .
 This was cheaply made and began falling apart almost immediately . further , it poorly fit my 2005 Ranger UTV . I have done better strapping small tarps over the box to keep the UTV 's contents clean and dry . Save your dough - this product leaves alot to be desired in terms of both quality and function .
 I needed a tachometer for my one cylinder motorcycle.Many tachometers only work with 4 or higher cylinder engines and require a tach signal port -LRB- which my bike does n't have , I need an inductive pick-up option -RRB- , so with no useful information in the description on Amazon I researched the product on the Equus website -LRB- equus dot com -RRB- prior to placing my order . Because the installation instructions for the 6086 available for download on the Equus website clearly state that it is compatible with one cylinder engines and features an inductive pick-up , I felt confident to place my order.However , in the process of installing the unit I found that the 6086 only works with 4 , 6 and 8 cylinder engines and can only be connected to a tach signal port - there 's no inductive pick-up . It turns out that the installation instructions for the 6086 on the Equus website actually apply to a different model . The printed instructions supplied with the 6086 are correct and clearly state that the unit is limited to 4 , 6 or 8 cylinder engines with tach signal ports - it is just that on reading the correct information , I had already purchased the wrong tach ... I should also mention that neither of the Equus instructions specify the model of tachometer to which they apply - not very helpful.So do n't make my mistake . If you need a tachometer for anything other than a 4 , 6 or 8 cylinder , or if you do not have a tach signal port to connect it to , the Equus 6086 WILL NOT WORK .
 This is the 6086 , and it says it works with distributorless ignitions . Maybe . Not for me.The 6068 -LRB- larger diameter -RRB- is the one that really WILL work with any engine . It has an inductive pickup that goes around the spark plug wire . That 's the one that actually worked in my 2006 Dodge Caravan . It 's bigger and more expensive , but no one makes a 2 '' tach with an inductive pickup anymore -LRB- at least none I could find -RRB- . Equus ' website for the 6086 SAYS it has an inductive pickup , but IT DOES NOT . It has a wire to connect to your vehicle 's tach output port , which many vehicles do n't have . In Dodge Caravans , for example , the 6086 WILL NOT WORK .
 I have the 6068 Equus . It has worked for a couple of months , but is now all over the place . If you tap it with your finger nail , sometimes it will go back . It has 2 settings for V8 and the other I forget which . But my car is a 302 V8 . For some reason , it seems to be switching between the 2 settings on its own . I can tap it with my finger nail and get it to function properly again for a while . I will have to pull it and maybe try flicking the switch on the back between the 2 settings 100 times or so and see if that fixes the problem . If not , I will have to replace it with something else which will be a pain since wiring a new Tach into my car is a pain for sure . Wish me Luck . .
 This is for 4-6-8 cylinder engines only . This is not indicated in the description AND the downloaded manual from the manufacturers web site is wrong . It indicates a universal tach . I am returning this tach . I need one for a 3 cylinder engine -LRB- Japanese mini-truck -RRB- . At least the Amazon return process is good .
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 You get what you pay for . Buy Evercoats cheapest filler and you will have cheap filler . It 's very thick from the start and hard to spread . Clogs up sandpaper so have plenty extra sandpaper ready . Check out this and other ads carefully ! They say it 's a gallon but it 's only 3 liters which is .8 US gallons . Sometimes you get even less then what you paid for .
 BUYER BEWARE ITS NOT WORTH BUYING THIS BATTERY , YOU MAY SAVE A LITTLE MONEY BUT THEN YOU HAVE TO GO BUY ACID FOR IT SO YOU REALLY DONT SAVE A DIME , PLUS YOU HAVE TO DRIVE SOMEWHERE TO GET THE ACID , JUST GO TO YOUR LOCAL BIKE SHOP ,
 My Evolution cover -LRB- purchased through Amazon , but not from Car Cover World -RRB- left a horrible grey film on my car during the first use . The manufacturer said the cover just needed to be washed first . The instruction sheet they send with the cover says it can only be washed in a non-agitating commercial machine and then must be dried on the car ! And , washing the cover may reduce its protective qualities !! A cover that needs to be washed before it can be used -- and may be damaged in the washing process -- is , in my opinion , a poorly made and defective product .
 I bought a 14-15 ' Covercraft Technalon cover for my 1994 Dodge Stealth . It did not have pockets for side mirrors and ended up over a foot short of covering the sides of the vehicle . Moreover , the dangling , short cover would flap against the side of the vehicle in the wind . The stitching was coming out in at least one seam . I was disappointed and returned the cover . I bought a much better cover at Costco for $ 32 vs over $ 150 for the Cover Craft . The Costco cover was ample sized to fully cover the car , had a nice tie system at each end and the same 4 layer technology as the Covercraft . Should have done that in the first place .
 They are a deceitful bunch . Notice they say `` high quality components . '' I was led to believe that these were quality REPLACEMENTS for my dash . WRONG , stupid me , they are low quality vinyls you attach with tape . When I communicated with them via email they were altogether unhelpful and answered none of my questions . They say their pieces fit well ; they do not . The title leads you to believe that the kit is made out of wood , carbon , and aluminum ; I do n't know where wood and aluminum came from , never saw those materials , but the carbon fiber is merely a printed image on the vinyl . If your car has done something terrible to you , buying this product for it is a great way to even the score .
 Terrible stuff . I ended up buying a car . The company has not answer my complain . My mechanic said that the reason was that I used that stuff Alumaseal . Then I complained to the company in the mail with pictures and explanations and they never answer back . I went to buy a new radiator but when I brought it to the mechanic he told me to forget it . It was worst than he thought . Alumaseal blocked the radiator and water leaked into the engine block with the oil . So I ended up junking the car . ALUMASEAL IS TERRIBLE DONT BUY IT ! NOT EVEN A STAR .
 Do n't waste your money ! I clipped them onto the rockers , started the motor and they all fell off . So I thought , maybe I needed to compress the clips first , gave them a little squeeze , put them back on the rockers again . Started the motor , same result , they all fell off just like before ... what a piece of junk !
 Was over disappointed in this , its very cheaply made and was n't even the ashtray on the box , do not buy .
 I bought this to replace the factory adapter that got lost for my 2011 GMC 2500HD . It works okay , but the hole is not really positioned where it needs to be . If I put it in the hitch with the short end in , the amount that sticks out is too long to insert my hitch . If I put the long end in first , the hitch goes in with not enough support and is loose.I may just use my torch and notch out some of the long end so I can put it in short end first . Unfortunately , I will have to prime and repaint the tube .
 Installed in a 1989 Corvette . Does n't flow enough coolant at idle to operate heater . Entire system has been tested ... conclusion is lack of water pump volume at idle.Extremely disappointing after going out of my way to find an OEM replacement . AC Delco is not what it used to be .
 I ordered a set of seat covers in Grey because my car is Grey . But I received Brown seat covers because the item numbers were wrong . I returned them requesting my money back and I only recevied a portion because of shipping and restocking charges , I feel the mistake was not mine You sent me the wrong color . I WILL NEVER buy from you again .
 My husband was able to plug my tire with a little bit of effort , struggle , and trial and error . All seemed to work well . However , after plugging it , we left for vacation for a week , and when we returned having not driven it at all , the tire had only 10psi when it was originally left with 40psi . Realizing that the plug did not create an air-tight seal , we took it to a tire repair place that patches tires for free . After waiting in line for 20 minutes , they told me that they can not patch a tire that has already been plugged since the plug adheres to the tire wall , and they would have to drill a hole bigger than the plug in order to remove it . We took it to another tire center just to confirm , and they told us the same thing that it can not be patched after being plugged . How does it `` enable you to get to a service center safely '' if the service center wo n't be able to remove the plug afterwards ? Essentially , I paid for the plug kit to prevent me from being able to properly patch my tire and now have to spend at least $ 200 to buy a new tire . Fantastic .
 I got a flat and called my motorcycle mechanic to check and see if I could/should use the Slime plug product . He said , `` No '' , because I have a bike with spoke tires , therefore I have a tube in the tire , and so slime wo n't work . He 's just gon na change out the tube . I 'm new to motorcycling and do n't know stuff like that . So I hope the info helps . BTW the tires on my bike have the words `` tubeless '' printed on the outer sidewall , but my mechanic says that all Japanese bikes with spoke tires -LRB- I ride a Suzuki Savage -RRB- use tubes . So apparently I have tubeless tire shells with tubes on the inside . More good information for a novice . Lastly , I only rated this product a 1/5 stars in the hopes that it would catch people 's attention with this important info . This might be a great product for tires that are compatible . Happy riding .
 Good way to repair the average flat BUT . This same kit is available at you local WalMart for $ 3.00 . Next time I will check WallyWorld 1st . update
 The instructions make it seem easy , but in practice it is very difficult to use , and I was n't able to get the plug into the tire at all . The soft plug just sort of deformed around the hole in the tire and would n't go in . I do n't see how it is possible to follow the instructions and have this thing work . It 's worthless .
 What shipped to me was not what was pictured on the website . It was not a straight grey stripe down the front but instead the top headrest area was black . Not a big deal but it really should n't be too much to ask to receive what I thought I ordered.Didn ' t even have to open to box to know that it was a cheap quality material . The material feels plasticky . There is a foam layer under the front of the cover that makes a slight crunching noise . Might as well throw a plastic bag over my car seats .
 See my other review under Tire Pressure gauge , mine had the lighted tip . It worked for 5 tire readings then FAILED . Would only go back to zero no matter which measurement was selected . Gauge was only 3 months old.This deserves half a star . . DO N'T WASTE your MONEY BUYING THIS ONE . it will not make a proper seal with the tire valve as the insert piece is NOT deep enough , plus the lighted tip being plastic is Not durable enough to be used next to tire valves . The lighted tip will generally crack during normal wear and tear.Then the unit will stop working.Contacted the company after my experience with this one . . they promised to send me another one . . the one they sent looks like the pistol grip kind it is supposed to read from 5-99psi . It is actually WORSE then the other unit & this unit only has a B/W LED screen & you can not read it in the dark or at night.This is strike two for this company . Think I want my $ $ $ back , this is ridiculous .
 Bought this gauge for my wife and her new car . Put it in a tool box in the trunk without even using it . Two months later decided to check the tire pressures with it . Unfortunately a bottle of window cleaner had fallen over in the trunk and leaked . Seems despite the gauge being in a tool box and the window cleaner outside the toolbox , it managed to collect enough moisture to short out the batteries and the device was dead with droplets of water covering the digital display . Never got to use it once . Think mechanical gauges are more robust . Never had a problem with the old stick kind , and they are lot cheaper .
 After using this gauge twice , it would n't turn on . So I figured the battery was dead and I took it apart to change it . It was n't the battery that was bad but the battery/switch contacts . Almost an hour later I finally got them to work properly . The next time I used the gauge , in the space of four tires it went from working perfectly to needing three or four tries to get an accurate reading to not working at all . Needless to say , I 'm not a fan of this product .
 I did not receive the Champion Laboratory Oil Filter as advertised and paid for . Instead , they ship to you a cheap `` Parts + Plus '' Brand Oil Filter made in Korea . Item is labeled '' P3244 replaces
 I need 20 of these for a wedding and almost paid $ 10 shipping for each chamois . Also , `` miracle cloth '' is merely 100 % Rayon . Buyer Beware ! Caveat Emptor !
 Of the many purchases I have made on Amazon.com over the years , this is the first one I have been dissatisfied with . The mat fits the dash correctly , but covers -LRB- no cut-outs -RRB- the stereo speakers . The installation instructions say that this will not affect the sound of the stereo , but clearly does . My dash was thoroughly cleaned with alcohol before attaching adhesive strips but after a couple of days they quit sticking and mat refuses to lay flat to the contours of the dash . I am currently looking for another adhesive alternative at the current time .
 Unlike other mats that I have had in the past , this mat was very flimsy , did n't conform to the dash and would n't stay in place without the stick on velcroe fasteners .
 I agree MiniCooperGuy . To really get this to work , you might need to buy two sets of them . Also , the design is n't strong ; you will see from the pic that there is a universal joint that is supported by a screw . That screw always loosen and I constantly need to tighten it . On one occasion , I actually snapped it while trying to tighten it . So that really tells you how weak this is ... In the end , I gave up , went to the hardware store and bought my own screws and steel strips and secured my intake tube . Its ugly but it works . So save your money , do n't get this . Not unless your intake tube is close to an existing mounting bracket insert , this `` toy '' here is not going to be strong enough for a firm support . I do n't think anyone who mods his car wants to drive like a pussy . 8D
 Not sure what went wrong , but this had incomplete and confusing instructions . I can normally figure things out , but even the bolts/nuts were all the wrong size . It was a 2 '' unit with supposedly a couple of items that would make it a 1.25 . '' I did n't have time to goof around with it . As a 2 '' , I 'm guessing it would be just fine .
 Base comes in two pieces and all conecting hardware is steel . Not a good choice . I sent mine back after openning and reviewing the components . Amazon was great in te return and account credit .
 Beware . A 1-1/4 inch to 2 inch adapter does not fit this carrier platform . It is just barely off due to a rim of excess metal both on the carrier and the adapter . No amount of hammering , grinding , filing , and sweating will fix the problem . I now have a giant , heavy , piece of junk that I am just going to have to throw out after trying to get it on my vehicle for THREE HOURS . Would recommend buying this in store only after you make sure that all pieces fit together . Would not buy over internet sight unseen lest you suffer my fate .
 Consumers please be warned , you do n't get what you ordered on this picture , I ordered what is shown on the picture and all I received was the top part of the image , which is not what I wanted , they are not detailed in describing what will be shipped , therefore , you are lead to believe you will get the entire top cover , top and back . I called AutoPartsWay , and they told me that the item purchased is not specified properly by Amazon on the website , and I needed to tell Amazon that I needed both items , however , based on the picture Amazon posted , I am being shown that I will receive the top and the back part , when I called AutoPartsWay , they did not have the back piece nor did they know what it was and where I can get it ... this is truly frustruating , as I have been lead to believe I 'm getting the full cover and did not . This order is being returned for a full refund ... RMD
 The `` mounting rod '' as shown in the product description and image is NOT included . 2 sets of 4 separate mounting `` buttons '' and 1 set of 4 `` protective pads '' are provided , but there is no way to attach the 2 sides together ... the `` rod '' which runs between the condensor fins is not in the package at all!This makes it impossible to actually mount anything!I double-checked the product model number -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and even asked for a replacement shipment ... the same incomplete item arrived . It is useless without going out and purchasing a separate connecting piece to complete the mount ... which is supposed to be part of the unit , and appears from the image to be an integral part of one side of the connecting rod.Waste of money .
 I bought one about a month and a half ago . They worked great at first , but one day I went to turn it on and the switch just would not flip up .
 They are good for the price , But i didnt like the color not even red more orange/red . I was trying to match what I already had . Just felt cheap .
 This ACdelco D1922A was purchased on the assumption the part was new @ $ 114 . Corrosion on the bottom and depression marks on the connector seal indicated the ICM was used . The part works but for how long ? Stocklift LLC maintains they do not sell used parts . They obviously do n't know their inventory . To be fair , had I noticed this before my 30 day expiration , the part would have been replaced . For that I give them 1 star .
 When you pick this up , it obviously weighs significantly less than the original , perhaps as little as half . This may not seem like a big deal , but the bulk of the difference is because the replacement 's tension spring is less than half the size of the original 's . This translates into a safety concern - if you drive faster than 55 MPH , the mirror folds inward . After it folds inward , you 're essentially trying to change lanes without a mirror . -LRB- Is n't this the safety problem you were trying to correct by ordering a replacement mirror . -RRB- Tightening the tension screw helps a bit , but will not solve the problem.If you never go over 55 , you 'll still need to make adjustments to your driving . This replacement has flat glass . The original may look flat , but is concave . These have a different field of view and view length . -LRB- Note that this replacement does not advertise being concave . I guess `` OEM Style '' just means it 's the same color and close to the same shape.I would have sent this back , but I really needed a mirror for my commute . I 'll check for an original at the recyclers , when I have time . If the 20 year old one is less than $ 40 , this replacement will wind up in the landfill.I had fairly low expectations going in , but I was still disappointed.To to top the experience off , the plastic cover does not line up well with the base.If your goal is just to pass your state safety inspection , and you do n't care if you 're actually safe , then you 'll likely be well pleased for the low cost .
 What a mess . This thing was marked as a custom OE fit to my 1984 Toyota 4WD Pickup . It is not custom anything . The thing simply will not sit properly against the door panel , leaving a gap almost 1/4 inch between the mirror frame and the door panel . Stinks .
 This does not fit the stock 2008 Civic as the Amazon system tells you . This rating does not reflect the products quality since I was not able to use it .
 the product is different from what i am expecting.i ordered a pair of wiper for my honda civic and i input all the data of my car they need to verify if it fits , and yes it is.but when i received the wiper refill , the width is smaller compare to the existing blade.so , it is loose when you install it and makes lots of streak on your windshield when using it.dont buy this refill , its a waste of time and money.i 'm just gon na buy a complete set of wiper blade .
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 ran 5mins got red hot and thermal safety switch shut it down . cold h2o on housing got me through1 job will try to return hassle hassle
 I bought these lamps to replace some dim factory bulbs in an S-10 Pickup . They were notably brighter , but only lasted 3 months before they both failed . Do not recommend buying this product .
 Bought this kit expecting expansion valve and install kit . Received small bag with three bolts and two o-rings . I feel description easy to misinterpret . Should say kit to rebuild expansion valve . Even so not worth 15 bucks fortwo dollars worth of hardware store parts . And they 're charging me six bucks to return it .
 The banks speed loader is necessary to make the Banks Tuner go beyond the # 2 power range . I had a EGT gage shorting out due to a faulty EGT temp probe . That short burned out the Tuner , the probe and the Banks Speed Loader . Of course Banks said it was impossible for the probe to burn out the tuner and speed loader ... but the probe shorted out , and immediately the Tuner and Speed Loader died . Banks just did n't want to take responsibility.Its impossible to get any help from BANKS customer service -LRB- even their dealers and installers will tell you that -RRB- , they take days to get back to you , give you bad information and only want to sell you more parts.The Banks System is a good system , expensive but good UNTIL something goes out ... then your on your own . Tech support is a joke , you could GUESS better on your own . I found my sourse of the problem on the message boards for Ford 6.0 Diesels.Too many other GOOD products out there to have to put us with Banks Customer Service or the lack of it.TOM
 The part that was shipped is significantly different than advertised . The part depicted in the advertized photo is correct , but the part that was shipped is much different . Even if I bent my AC lines to make them fit -LRB- which I do n't recommend -RRB- , the only way to make the connection would be to switch the `` in '' and `` out '' connections -LRB- also not recommended -RRB- . VERY DISSAPPOINTED .
 I bought this item and was told that it would fit my 1998 Nissan Pathfinder . . it does NOT.I use an ASE certified mechanic and he said it was impossible to connect the a/c lines to the drier due to the hole configuration.I live in Orlando , Fl . and it is already in the 90 's and I ordered what Ithought was the right part.If you own a 1998 Nissan Pathfinder . . BEWARE !
 I just bought two # 28005 Deluxe Tire Chocks and discovered the warning to remove the chocks before hooking and unhooking my trailer . Had I known that I would never have purchased the product . They should explain that in your ads . It is not really a chock at all , but a stablizing system . I am not happy . If I have to carry real chocks to hoop and unhook , there are products that will do both .
 E361 is a BWD product . That brand is owned and sold by Standard Motor Products . This part , or any other BWD item , is not affiliated with BorgWarner !
 This is a relatively low quality product made from what appears to be a good material but there is no overlapping where the material is stitched together so I expect it to pull apart before the fabric itself fails . The mirror pockets are cut 2 '' too short so the mirrors have to be folded back against the car to be able to put the cover on without a lot of stretching of the material and the seams where the mirror pockets attach to the made body of the cover.This is the 4th car cover I have bought in recent years and though not the least expensive it is the mostly cheaply made . The quality of the sewing and the seams is not as good as on cheap $ 60 car covers . When it fails in a year or two I definitely will not be buying a Coverking car cover to replace it.For the price it is a poor value car cover .
 The quality of the finish is good . The shippment was fast and courteous . The rating is low because the size of the product 's inside diameter is not equal to the american made stock wheels . They measure about 3/8th . of an inch smaller than stock Ford caps of the 40 's and 50 's .
 These wheel covers are slightly too small for the early Chevrolet wheels . They can be bent to fit , but you probably will put dents in them.Cliff
 Way too potent . I had it in my truck for a few weeks and was looking forward to it getting weaker . To my dismay it has n't changed and with the rain I ca n't drive with my windows down . If you have something really gross to cover up this may work but otherwise it 's not worth it
 I ordered a Cobra Crash Bar and Kuryakyn pegs ... all look great ... good quality , however the pegs are too small for the crash bar . Leatherup.com will not accept returns if the box has been opened even those the items never touched the bike . Customer service personnel would keep giving me the elevator speech about reading the website return policy ... true , but they recommend the combindation when I called them on the phone ... DO N'T BUY FROM LEATHERUP
 I have tried everything to get these pegs to stay in position . I ca n't make them any tighter . When I put my feet on them they move down . Both sides . I also have to agree with the other reviewer about leatherup . Stay away . I have written two none 4 or five star reviews on their products , I believe in giving a company a second chance , and neither appears on their products . It is like they wo n't post lower star reviews to get you to buy from them . You ca n't tell me everyone is happy with everything they sale . I had ordered a helmet from them and the latch was broken when I took it out of the box so I called them to see about a replacement and I had to argue with them for a long time to finally get them to exchange it . It seems like they think everything is the consumers fault . STAY AWAY from leatherup and these pegs at least if you own a ultra classic because they do n't work .
 The highway pegs looked great . Installed easily . Instructions were straight forward . But , buyer beware ! Within one week , and using the pegs only one time to test them out , I was riding down the road and noticed that one of the pegs had unfolded to the position you would use them at . I tried to stow the peg with the top of my toe and zing ! Off came the peg at 40 mph and demolish into several pieces . I had tightened every bolt on the pedals prior to riding . I would n't waste my money on these !
 I received my cover today and put it on my motorhome . The first thing I noticed was that the straps to go from one side to the other underneath are just a piece of string you have to cut up into pieces and tie at both ends . This is WAY less useful than the click/buckle adjustable straps on other covers I 've used . The ladder cap supplied will not fit my ladder setup as it is sewn into a box shape and my ladder is attached to a railing at the top which will not allow this cover to be used . The second zipper I attempted to use separated half way down when I zipped it down to close it . There was no stress on it , but it still did not close properly . All in all , I think this cover is inferior to its competition .
 did not work will not program to truck.if u can help let me know what to do ? thank you
 I ordered this Jan 16th and still havent received it - Feb 15th . It says the package is in transit . I cant seem to find a number for customer service at Amazon .
 My so called kit came without bolts or instructions . Looks pretty lika a straight forward install but I will further update when it warms up and i tackle it .
 At least for the rear seat of my Accord coupe , this seat cover was completely inadequate . It comes in two pieces , each of which looks a lot like an elasticized bucket seat cover , and neither of which stayed in place on the seat . Furthermore , there is no accommodation for rear head rests . I have a hard time imagining how this cover could work on any rear car seat .
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 Item was packaged nicely and shipped fast , however the material in which this product is made is very cheap . Cover has unraveled and already has holes in it after less than a week of use . Would not purchase again .
 I got these exact seatcovers from Wallyworld for my very run-of-the mill early 90 's f-150 bench seat . I was expecting a seat cover that would actually slip over the seat like the ones I had used earlier for bucket seats in a different vehicle . Instead , I received two rectangular pieces of fabric that according to the directions were supposed to simply `` simply slip over the seat '' . Apparently there are thin straps that loop through a few loops on the sides to hold them on . I did n't see how this could be interpreted as `` slipping over a seat '' but I thought I would try it anyway . The bottom cover seemed to have the most potential , but was simply too narrow to cover the seat . The top cover was simply a joke , I could not find any way to keep it from sliding.These covers had great potential , however they were too small and the attachment method was mediocre at best . The top cover should actually cover the whole seat and not just the front . At the least , they should make them a foot larger on each side and use eyelets to run a 1/8 '' cord through to attach them so they wont slide .
 I 've been buying and installing this general type of seat cover for years . I just fool with older full size trucks from the 70 's and 80 's , so you can always count on the seat being badly worn especially on the driver side . These blanket type covers are always aggrevating to install with all the little strings or straps to route and tie off , so I expected some problems even before ordering this item . I knew I was screwed when the cover came out of the box in two pieces and there were precious few attached straps for attachment . The material is CHEAP , THIN , and like SANDPAPER . And full size my hiny !! Just now got return authorization from Amazon and it 'll be on the way back tomorrow . I would n't buy this thing again for half the price paid !
 This was the biggest waste of money ! This thing does n't even fit the seat . Its a two piece setup , nothing matches up so once you finally get done fighting with it the pattern on the back is nowhere near where the pattern on the bottom is . Since the back and the bottom are two sepperate pieces there is no way to keep it from sliding all over the place . The back piece is n't even big enough to cover all of the seat so there is always some of the seat exposed . The seams all pulled apart while I was trying to stretch this thing over my seat . This cover is a joke , I 'll never waste my time or my money on anything else from this company .
 Most of the other reviewers got it right . Not only did the cover for the seat back not cover the back , it did not cover the front completely either . At least 4 inches of the seat back still shows below the cover on my 77 GMC . There are not enough ties in the box to put the cover securely on the seat or the seat back . The ones that are attached gave the feel the one should not pull them to tightly for fear of ripping the fabric . One of the most dissapointing products I have ever bought on Amazon . Auto Expressions needs to make it clear this product is not as much as advertised .
 We received this product , and even with a good stretch of the fabric it does n't come even close to fitting a standard bench seat in a vehicle . Also , it would be a better product if the back piece went across the whole back form instead of stretching behind it which leaves the whole back not covered . Poor quality product .
 After a year and a half of use , I had to remove this because it disintegrated from exposure to the sun . It got tiny fibers all over my truck . It literally fell apart in my hands and had to be vacuumed out . I ca n't imagine a worse material to use for a seat cover .
 This thing is junk DO NOT BUY IT !!! It will never look like the picture unless you sew it to the seat .
 I ordered this seat cover in November as a Christmas gift . My mistake . I only get about $ 10 back due to shipping and the 80 % on returns policy . The seat cover is junk . It has a saddle blanket look to it but is very light weight material - not saddle blanket material at all . The vinyl trim around the pocket is very light weight , more like what you would see on a child 's toy . The fastening points are too few and very light duty . They will certainly not hold up with a big man sitting on the cover every day . I tried to put this on a mini-truck seat and the back of the cover is not big enough to cover the seat so if you could get it to stay put , you have the edges and straps exposed . I am certain it would not be big enough for a full size truck . It is , essentially , non-functioning as a seat cover . I suggest for Amazon to not allow a product like that on their site as the hard feelings get directed to them as well due to the return policy - even though the return policy makes perfect sense . Hopefully after reading this review no one else will be willing to take the risk of buying one , and , hopefully Amazon will have the good business sense to take this off their marketplace . A true rip-off all the way around .
 I have a 1991 GMC 2500 and it is too small to fit properly . The fabric is good though . A little extra is good . Not quite enough makes it useless .
 I ordered two of these based on their good reviews . Both arrived before I took off for a trip , but neither had seat straps to hold the covers to the seat base . I called the company listed on the package and got little help other than `` return for refund . '' Amazon said the same , but now I wo n't have for my two-month long trip . Product looks very good except for lack of way to hold it to the seat and that is critical under the best of circumstances . Too bad , it could have been nice !
 I researched seats covers for a month or so and decided to purchase these . They came in and I tried to put them on and the straps and hooks were missing . I order 3 seatcovers and all three had the same missing parts . I am very frustrated as this was a going to be a Christmas gift for my mother . Now I have to look for something else . This was my first experience with Amazon and if the return is processed quickly it will be my last . How could all three seatcovers have the same parts missing ?
 Overall quality of the cover is good . The seats are stitched together from strips of sheepskin , so the piece may not match . That 's why two covers might not match and why some covers have coarse hair with soft hair in the same cover . The biggest problem is how the cover attaches to the seat . The elastic is already connected on the top and there is no attachment for the bottom . My seat is so tall -LRB- Chevy Silverado -RRB- , that I can not have the cover cover the head rest and the edge of the bottom part of my seat . Also , I do n't think my head rest comes off , so I could n't feed the elastic between the head rest post because the elastic is attach at all points on the seat cover . The picture on the box shows an elastic attachment for the bottom part of the seat , but my cover did n't have the elastic . The gripper on the back of the seat is good , but I have to step up into my seat . So when I slide across the seat , the cover will not stay in place . If you have a car where you sit down in the seat , the cover should stay in place . If the cover had the bottom elastic , I probably would have kept the cover and just cut and fed the elastic between the head rest posts and attached back somehow .
 I used to have a sheepskin in my Civic , which I bought from Costco . I really liked it ! I had it for about 5 or 6 years , until it got soaked and ruined . I went without for a few years . Then I decided to get another one , thinking it would make long drives more comfortable . Costco no longer sells them , so I went looking.I bought this one hoping it would work as well . Needless to say , it did n't work out for me . First , let me tell you the good : - It seemed well enough constructed-I could not tell where one section of skin patched into another-The fur was reasonably thick-The cover only moved around a little , mainly when getting in/outHere 's why I returned it : - It smelled-It itched , even through a thick cotton shirtMy previous sheepskin did not ever itch . It only felt soft and comfy . This one felt coarse - like there were goat hairs amongst the sheepskin fur . It clearly was not made of the same kind of sheepskin I had before.I hope this helps .
 ordered 2 of them . one is thick , dark yellow , not soft . another is thin , light yellow , very soft . completely unmatched pair . also they are short in length for high back seats
 This is a very nice and well made seat cover , but it will not stay in place . Additional attaching points to keep this cover is necessary to have it stay in place . I will keep them and just have to make the necessary improvements myself to keep them from moving around .
 I live in the middle of the Rockies and a good set of wipers that can handle the snow and crust is hard to find . These were no exception . They worked great for the first month , then the inevitable streaking set in . By the end of the season , maybe 5 months , the protective cover/boot to keep the ice out of the frame was starting to disintigrate . Within a couple weeks of the first crack in the casing the rest of the rubber was flapping in the wind , coming off in chunks and being a general distraction and annoyance . Obviously out of warranty . Nothing to be done but get some new wipers and it wo n't be these again .
 These blades were recommended for my 2001 Jeep Grand Cherokee . I cleaned my windshield before using them , I wiped with the special pad that is included , and still when it rains they skip across my windshield leaving splashes of water . They are the same size as my OEM blades . The only solution I can find for skipping is to replace old blades , but these are brand new .
 I ordered a class C cover for a Winnebago 24 , which is 24 feet long . Every thing went well until half an hour ago when I opened up and tied to cover the RV . Low and behold they sent me something for a class A. its Hughes and naturally is way too big for my small rig . Also the unpacking / packing instructions do not match the way this cover comes . It was inside out . Thus had to roll it back up carry it down the ladder then unwrap it on ground level , re pack it and carry it back up the RV ladder . Only to find out it is the wrong cover for my RV.Signed , More than a little upset . -LRB- Classic Accessories 73363 PolyPro III Deluxe Grey Travel Trailer Cover , Fits 22 ' - 24 ' -RRB-
 I have a 27 ' Skyline Layton 300LTD camper and wanted a cover for the winters and long storage periods . I did n't want to pay for the Skyline cover as it 's outrageously expensive , so I looked for a generic cover . I bought this cover because of the very high customer reviews.The good news is that the cover fits my camper very well . There are adjustment straps on both ends -LRB- front and rear -RRB- that work very well to form a tight fit over any specific RV . There are also 3-4 loops on the bottom of either side that are used to tie the cover down so wind ca n't blow it away . Rope comes with the cover that you can cut to size for the loops , but I used bungee cords instead , and they seem to work well.The bad news is that the first time I put the cover on , there 's a small rip in it ! It got caught onto something the edge and got ripped . This concerns me because if something so minor rips the cover the first time I use it , how will it withstand the elements over time ? We 'll see . -- Update
 We purchased this product and were very happy with the shipping time . While trying to put the cover on the trailer one of the tie down loops fell off . Once the cover was positioned on the trailer we tried to pull some slack out as instructed , with the back cross tie and it also came off . Upon inspection this cover is very poorly constructed . The spots where the straps are sewn include a very soft material connecting the strap to the cover . The material will not support the strap connected to it . The material the cover is made of seems overly light for the intended purpose of protecting a travel trailer from the winter weather . Another odd thing was the size of the cover . I have a 23 foot travel trailer so I ordered one to fit a 22 to 24 foot trailer . There was about 5 feet of extra length in the cover and with all the straps falling off no way to tie the cover down.I returned the product to Amazon as unusable/defective .
 Purchased two of these in the 13-inch size for my Jeep and immediately had problems . The lower two inches of each blade did n't wipe away any rainwater or road grit . I returned one of them and discarded the other .
 I asked for a 2005 Tahoe mirror but I got a mirror that has the wrong wire harness on it
 In time of purchase was picture with two mounts in one package what indicate in purchase quantity place.But arrived only one mount -LRB- Who changing one mount or one strut ??? -RRB- I left feeling that I was cheated and confuse with this purchase.It has to be more clear description of item.I did not find in description how many mounts in package .
 After using the OEM seals a few times on different bikes , I figured I 'd give these a try , big mistake . While I am not a racer , I do use my CBR as my track bike only . I change my seals every year weather they need to be or not , and the OEM seal have always been in really good shape after I removed them . These lasted for about three track days before they started to give me problems , first I noticed more fluid on the stanchion than what there should have been , then during an outing , the seal had removed itself from its seat and was riding at the bottom of the fork . Went back to the OEM seal and have n't had problems since .
 Lock cover mechanism broke - cover fell off , parts bouncing around inside the cap . Lock itself was beyond fussy - had to turn everything just right to function . Threw a P0440 code -LRB- evap -RRB- on my 2001 Suburban in the second week -LRB- cleared the code , replaced my OEM cap , and all is well . -RRB- I really wanted this to work , and I thought I was buying the best I could get , but it was a bad deal for me . Very disappointed .
 this product looks nice and everything but there are some major flaws . First off , the plastic piece used to screw the knob on , is plastic and therefor does not go on tight enough . It constantly rotates while you are trying to shift it . also the pin is quite loose and tends to rotate around and vibrate quite loudly as i am driving . If you can fix or deal with these two issues , the grenade looks great . otherwise , dont bother with it .
 It is ok for shorter shift levers but mine keeps shaking lose And therefore will not work And I Would n't recommend it for like trick shift levers
 The Grenade Shifter looks Great bus does not fit my stick at all . very disappointed on how they made it .
 The way this thing works is it puts a little rubber bushing over the threads of your shifter and the your tighten it with screws from the side , wait hold on isnt a shiter supposed to be solid . . yes i believe so ruber bushing holds it on and it wiggle around with all the screws tight , look somewere else if you want a shifter knob
 The shift knob is very noise u have to put a elastic to stop the noise for the handle . The top came off , the screws do not hold it 2 gather . I made the mistake for u , do not buy it u will be disappointed .
 this was a wast of money , this item does not work , almost got into a car accident because of it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! After i followed all the instructions of installation , i proceeded to testing it , too the car for a spin , this thing will not stay on the shifter , it becomes loose from the first 3 shifts and comes off while u r driving , very dangerous situation !!!!!!!!! the hardware that comes with it id so cheap that it will strip very easily . If you park ur car under the sun this Knob will get so hot it will cause a sever burn !!!!!!!! last but not least this thing is so noisy , it rattles like crazy !! so annoying !!! do not by this .
 I bought a pair of 24 '' & 16 '' blades for my van -LRB- 16 '' for the rear -RRB- and they were fairly average . No matter how many times I adjusted , re-adjusted and switched them around the 24 '' blades chattered and streaked within a month , while the 16 '' just streaked . I went to Costco and bought Good Year bracketless wiper blades -LRB- changing them was easy -RRB- for the same price and I am very happy with them .
 While these wiper blades may be a good value , better to look for something different . Made the mistake of buying two sets , one car started skipping almost immediately after installation . The second car , within a couple of months .
 I bought a pair of 24 '' & 16 '' blades for my van -LRB- 16 '' for the rear -RRB- and they were fairly average . No matter how many times I adjusted , re-adjusted and switched them around the 24 '' blades chattered and streaked within a month , while the 16 '' just streaked . I went to Costco and bought Good Year bracketless wiper blades -LRB- changing them was easy -RRB- for the same price and I am very happy with them .
 The website configurator said that these blames would fit my vehicle . They were way too narrow.I ca n't comment on the refill 's quality . But I am giving one star because of my wasted time .
 I bought two pair of these wiper blades , two of them the 24 inch size . The other two smaller blades were ok , but the 24 inch size did nothing but streak the water across the windshield , they did not move the water away . Very odd . Threw them out and got plain rubber OEM replacement blades from the dealer .
 Bought this as a replacement insert , but the 24 '' size did n't quite fit my preexisting wiper . Beware of purchasing this based on ` recommended ' sizing as this item was a little too short to fit appropriately . So not useful .
 I does n't fit to my 2009 acura tsx.My original blad size is way bigger than this item.I 'm returning this item today .
 Unfortunately these lifts supports DO NOT fit the hood of a 2003 Ford Explorer XLT . The fitment is for pre-2001 , the title and description of the hood lift is incorrect
 These inverters are unreliable made in China crud . Try Die Hard from Sears . I 've had zero failures on the Die Hards .
 I ordered this 1000W inverter based on satisfaction on having the AIMS 400W model . Amazon was running a discount and the specs looked great . Standard shipping from the supplier took the full 10-14 days.Notes
 I purchased these Coil springs to replace the 18 year old set that were sagging . The first month they did their job well and kept the truck level and at manufactures ride height . After 30 days I noticed the front end was starting to sit low again . I took the truck to the dealer for their opinion and they said that these new replacement springs are now sagging . I contacted Moog and they are no help ... Basically they told me to buy another set . I am contacting Amazon now but when I went online to attempt to return them it says the return window expired a week ago . I 've only had them 6 weeks!I am VERY angry with this $ 125 purchase . I thought Moog was a good name brand in suspension parts which is why I went with them and I can now see they are no better then the cheap china replacements out there.Buyer beware .
 I installed this in a 2005 Chrysler PT Cruser . The rubber is too hard and feel vibration . I had to install OEM mounts .
 This part had plastic inserts . The factory inserts are metal . The FSM torque spec is 87 ft.lb . When I tried to torque this to spec the plastic cracked and crushed .
 Thought I 'd just confirm what I 've learned too . I bought it , realized after research it could be picked in seconds with a pen and returned it .
 At auto parts store , I suprised that the same key could open two different locks ... there is nothing more to say ...
 I bought a similar lock to this about 6 months ago , filled in the paperwork and sent it in by certified mail as requested to get their warranty in case my car was stolen . A few months later , my car got stolen , first time I 've ever had a car stolen . First , this lock was able to be picked by a standard flat head screw driver . Except for it becoming loose , it would still be `` useable . '' Second , when I went to file the warranty , they claimed the original registration never got to them and therefore not entered into their system . I attempted to show them that I had the receipt for the certified letter and a copy of my original receipt , but the representative basically told me they do not honor the 1000 deductable grantee . I was a faithful customer , but with this I 'm going to be using other brands for my personal and business use . I expect they 'll lose more than they gained by this decision over the course of 5-10 years .
 We had a car stolen -LRB- in Montreal , of course , the car theft capital of North America ; Americans should NOT visit there ; our cars -- even the older ones -- are targeted by thieves , and the police REALLY do n't care about it -RRB- . The car had a Masterlock club on the steering wheel , which was not impediment to the thieves.Masterlock is supposed to cover deductibles up to $ 1000 , as they proudly display on their packing . However , after being bounced between the US and Canadian offices , I was told that the fine print said that you have to send in the product registration within 15 days of purchase BY CERTIFIED MAIL , or they wo n't pay anything out . I was told that only 4 registrations have been sent in from my state of Vermont in the last 3 years.Seems to me that this company cares more about their lawyers than about their customers . It will be the last time I buy one of their products .
 `` Advanced Security '' is all a lie . These locks can be easily opened without a key . I have written to the Masterlock company and they replaced the lock free of charge to a one that uses a regular key .
 Bike lock manufacturer Kryptonite recently revealed that tubular cylinder locks -- which this model uses -- can be very easily picked . Kinda defeats the purpose of owning this in the first place .
 These fog lights are not worth the money ! Put them on my 4runner in California and drove to Colorado and when I got there the yellow coating was gone and I had white fog lights again . When I finally got home , one of the bulbs blew out . What are the chances ? Cheaply made .
 If you do n't have an image or a good description then I have no idea what i 'm buying . I 'm specifically looking for Door locks with 2 keys and the clips to install.Thanks
 I 've had this approximately a year . I use it 1 to 2 times a month . Now when I measure the pressure of my tire , the gauge seeps air immediately . I now have to buy another one . I 've seen other reviews with the same issue so it probably depends on your luck if you get a defective unit or not .
 if you getting it for semi truck you can not get reading from inner tire because of the angle of the tire gauge
 I 've been using this gauge to do DOT truck inspections for the last 2 months and now the pressure release button is doing just that , releaseing the pressure whether it 's pressed or not , requiring the gauge be kept pressed on the tire stem until you read it
 Just got my unit the other day , and compared the reading to 3 of my other gauges . This unit read 31 # while my others were in the 36.5-37 .0 # range . Mine is going back as soon as I can get it out . BTW , it smells awful -- do n't bring it in your house . Not a good choice -- at least for me .
 Right out of the package I used it first on the front tire of my bike and the gauge and pressure release worked fine and then I used it on the back tire and the pressure gauge read zero . The release malfunctioned after the first use , so the dial would go back to zero right after you pulled the gauge off the tire . I put it back in the box and returned to Amazon.com immediately ! I do NOT recommend !
 Right out of the package the pressure release was broken , and when I tried to use the gauge it never moved from zero . I put it back in the box and returned to Amazon . I was kind of disappointed because the overall quality of the guage does n't seem bad ... I guess it 's just hit or miss if you get a good one .
 I bought a high pressure gauge because my compact spare runs at 60 psi , and I do n't want to risk damaging my regular gauges -LRB- 60 psi max reading -RRB- . Avoid this unit . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Same problem as others . Strong odor . Out of the package it stinks . Left it overnight in the garage . Smelled like dead fish . Removed boot . Oily film inside . Washed it like someone else suggested . Not as strong , but still stinks . Oily film remains . I think the rubber is not cured properly , and some chemical compound is oozing out slowly , and will continue to ooze out . Not good . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Same problem as others . Leaks . Stinky boot aside ... Gauge does have a heavy duty hose and chuck . However , the gauge seats on the valve stem inconsistently and leaks . The bleed valve is crude and also leaks . There 's too much clearance between the piston and sleeve and it binds when you push on it . The spring is junk and does n't pop back properly . This was sold by an afiliated vendor , but fufilled by Amazon . I 'm glad , because returns are painless with Amazon . Now I need to find another high pressure gauge .
 I use it for my dual back tires in a Ford 350 chassis . It would not register the tire pressure accurately . It was hard to get a tight seal around the valve stem . I will try the CH tire inflater with the built in gauge and the chuck that hopefully will get a tight seal on the valve stem .
 the problem is ... after the 3rd use it will not hold the pressure reading ... thats sucks ! still can use it but not very well .
 Mike form Snap-on-Tools called me , after my last review of this product . He sent me a new one , assuring me that it would not stink of chemicals , as the previous one I had bought . -LRB- We 're talking about the tire gauge , the one with the braided tubing -RRB- . The new one smelled caustically too , I 'm afraid to put this in my car - I ca n't enter my car with this thing in it , if the windows have been closed -RRB- . I 've kept the first one outside , in the sun for over a month now -- I ca n't put it in my car because of the outgassing -- and this new one stinks almost as bad now as the first one I bought . My gusess is that the new one is only about 30 % less poisonous than the first one they sold me . I say poisonous , because the chemical smell smells just like that . How about a refund , Mike ?
 When removed from tire valve after checking pressure it should hold the reading until you press the button on the side which sets it back to zero . Well , after the 3rd use it will not hold the pressure reading . Once removed from tire valve it returns immediately to zero . Too bad . I really like the idea of having the flexible hose and the construction `` seems '' rugged . My advice is keep looking and try another brand .
 Felt solidly built enough when it first arrived . Unfortunately , it started failing after only a dozen or so uses . Loses pressure as soon as it 's taken off the tire , which is unhelpful .
 Fairly pleased with gauge at first , but like many of the reviews on here , mine quit working correctly after only about 2 months of use . It is supposed to hold the pressure reading until you press a button on the side , but mine now releases the pressure as soon as you take it off of the valve stem . Poor quality product .
 It does not keep the air to allow you to read it after you take it off the tire . It simply leaks air . Do not buy it.Ordered mine March 28 and so I am over my grace period for returning it . I did not use it immediately after getting it . How silly of me .
 The main judge of a tire psi gauge is accuracy and this one reads 2.5 psi high at 44 psi . Any good tire gauge should be within 1.0 psi . I am giving it 2 stars -LRB- instead of 1 star -RRB- because it gives VERY consistent readings and is quite easy to use with a range of 10-160 psi.I went to Costco yesterday and they filled my front tires with Nitrogen . This Costco has a brand new device that measures the nitrogen put into the tire electronically ; the tech sets the pressure desired and it turns off when the psi pressure chosen is reached in that tire . I was parked outside the bay doors and took readings the moment the tires were done being filled . My VERY old Acme tire pencil gauge read 0.5 psi less than Costco 's electronic machine psi setting of 44 psi . This Neiko Tools Heavy Duty Tire gauge , model # 20706A , read 2.5 psi HIGHer than the Costco machine.The 2.5 psi high reading will vary depending on if it is used on a tire requiring a much lower -LRB- 10 psi -RRB- or higher -LRB- 120 psi -RRB- amount of air . I just tested it on a snowblower 's tire . The Acme pencil gauge measured about 17.1 - 17.3 , while this Neiko measured 18.0 ; this means the error of the Neiko gauge increases with the psi required in the tire . At a desired 120 psi for a tire , the Neiko could be reading 6 - 8 psi high ; I just do n't know.I like this gauge 's ability to let air out of the tire when the gauge is on the tire valve stem by pressing a small brass button on the tool . Sometimes , the gauge 's psi reading drops to zero when I remove the gauge from the tire stem and other times it retains the psi reading when removed from the tire stem until the brass button is pressed - not a big deal to me .
 I put these in and within 6 months 1 of the bright filaments burned out . Normally I would n't be bothered by a bulb burning out except I also bought same brand fog light bulbs and both those burned out previous to this burning out . Replaced all the bulbs with the stock bulbs that are still working in a 2007 auto . I will not be buying these again .
 Paid for Saturday delivery . Arrived with no hardware and the adhesive tape for retaining them onto bed rail was slightly damaged and does not have enough to sufficiently hold caps to rails . Caps were good but I had to go out and buy more tape and stainless sheet metal screws . Very disappointed in Dee Zee 's quality control or lack there of . Will think twice about purchasing there products in the future .
 Does n't fit my CR-V and ca n't return it . Took forever to get it . The vendor has not been helpful . Stay away .
 It took over 3 week to recieve.Also the package looks new but I 'm not quit sure the product is new as welland when its operating make some high-pitched noise that anoyingmy ears when I 'm driving
 this product was definitely not worth the price ... deceivingly small , solar panel dont work battery life really bad and aint that bright anyway ! waste of money ! avoid
 I have the old one without the L.E.D. upgrades . I kept it for emergency use . When i got around to trying it , the battery was already dead . Do n't count on it in an emergency . The good thing is that you can still use D batteries with it , but I am paying for solar panels , so I want them to work . I would get standard rechargeable batteries instead of these sealed lead acid batteries . I decided not to replace the battery , because if the solar panels do n't work either , then i 'll be doubly screwed - I would n't be able to use the battery for anything else . Or the battery just might not fit . I read the product dimensions given by most SLA batteries , and they measure too small for this lantern 's compartment . Also , D batteries will have a hard time fitting into the compartment also . The springs are just too big . I had to cut them off which was tricky , because of their twists .
 Took months for the order to arrive , nearly half a year . I repeatedly received emails asking if I wanted to cancel the order or keep waiting and I chose to keep waiting . Product worked wonderfully for less than a month . It will not charge via it 's own built in solar panel or when plugged into any other source . Device will not power on at all unless it is plugged into a power source . Light is very lightweight and definitely has a `` cheap '' flimsy feel . I have kept the light in like new physical condition so I ca n't imagine what caused it 's failure . I may dissect in hopes of being able to repair .
 I bought two of these . Worked fine for one camping trip . That was it , expensive for a disposable . Save your money , better stuff out there .
 I ordered this seeing the reviews , when I opened the box , I was surprised to see the worst product I ever purchased in Amazon . The plastic is cheap ... looks like this was made in the backyard of some Chinese cottage industry . . the marking are blurred and looks like some kid painted it ... Please do n't waste your money ... and the sad part . . it stopped working after 2 weeks ... and it wont get charged ... now I am stuck with a junk , , , which even the recyclers wont pick up ... Sorry Wagan ... I wanted to be honest ... please stop selling this kind of junk . Amazon
 i was very disappointed with this product because there is no indicator to let me know when this product is fully charged or its current charge level.also , after it is fully charged it does n't stop charging unless i unplug the adapter leading to over charging , and since i have no way of knowing what the charge level is i can ruin the battery to boot.in essence this item is useless because i never know how charged it is , thus how long i can count on it when i need it.also the solar panel arms are plastic and when i moved the panel it felt like it could easily break.that said , i gave it two stars because once it is charged it gives off a descent amount of light .
 This product had great reviews and took 6-8 weeks to actually arrive . I took it out of the box and tested both lights , everything was working fine . Now 1.5 years later only the small light works . This item was for my emergency kit , complete waste of money . Does anyone take pride in their products anymore ? I noticed Wagen 's now made in China . That 's their problem right there .
 GREAT IDEA , made into `` made in china junk '' i paid 50.00 for this light it should have been 10.00 the solar panel if lifted all the way grabs the power switch and when lowered '' SNAP '' the frame pops over the switch breaking the glue the holds the panel . i can no longer lift the panel and must charge it face down . the lights only shine out or up , you cant spin the light around to bounce it off a table like a normal light , its in your eyes or lighting up the sky above me , this does me no good at all bottom line , just do n't waste your money , buy something else UPDATE : Well i just got another one of these for free because it needs a battery ... so i wanted to get one ... YOU CA N'T forget it NOWHERE ! i even called WAGAN NO REPLACEMENT BATTERY 'S anywhere in the USA ... . so it will work on D cells but no more rechargeable function ... WAGEN IS JUST A RESELLER OF DISPOSABLE GARBAGE !
 Permatex must have mispackaged a lot of these because although the outer cardboard handtag label is for the listed product , the actual bottle is green thread locker , NOT bearing mount.I returned the product to Amazon once and they sent me a new one ... . which is also wrong !
 I bought these for my Jeep Grand Cherokee as my old springs were shot ... These springs are garbage and unsafe !!! They bottom out and coils are resting on other coils even while not moving ... While I 'm driving on a flat smooth road the coils are grinding on other coils on the smallest of bumps.When I go on a large bump or take a corner/dip the springs grind , shift , and pop ! The slightest wind breeze sends my Jeep rocking side to side ! When I drive on the freeway over 65MPH my jeep is bouncy and hard to control ! One slight over-steer could send your vehicle in a fierce barrel roll!Not to mention these springs could easily snap at any time since they are constantly grinding on other coils !!!!!!!!! Unfortunately I will have to spend lots of time and money replacing these springs because they are garbage and I should have gone with something better in the first place.Do yourself a favor and avoid this cheap brand , avoid variable rate springs , and get regular style `` Heavy Duty '' springs !
 I received the massage cushion in damaged position . The back massage portion would not work .
 Plug seized to block and snapped off in '01 Honda Civic 1.7 vtec , Anti seize did n't help . Now have to remove head to get the plug out . . Super Fail , never buying NGK Again . Never had this problem with Denso .
 I purchased these mats because I was led to believe I could order a set specifically to fit my Nissan Frontier . They did not even come close ! I had to use heavy-duty scissors to cut the mats to size . You are better off getting a much cheaper pair at your local auto parts store rather than buying these ill-fitting mats .
 These mats were pretty durable and nice looking espically for the price but they did not fit our H3 AT ALL and they were one of the vehicles listed in the description to fit our year model and make of Hummer H3 . We returned and got our $ 55 back , I would rather pay a little more for the H3 specail made ones that fit the floor boards like they are made too fit .
 tthis is the worst product ever isnt bright n doesnt work tought it away within the first hr i had it couldnt even see the light or the pulse action ... strongly sugest u dont buy it biggest waste of money
 This item is NOT custom fit , it is generic . I put it in my truck which Amazon said it fit and it does n't even fit in it . I will say this , it is DEFINITELY high quality and durable for whatever it does fit . Very disappointed in time and money spent on this item .
 I input my vehicle make and model , ordered these mats , and they did not fit . Too long and too wide .
 Although , they say these fit a 1995 Pathfinder they are to big . They will work but the fit is not what I expected .
 Used this on one trip in a rental car running one laptop computer with GPS running . Blew the car fuse after 30 minutes , so my GPS went down . Also the Inverter has a cooling fan that is pretty loud .
 I bought it which I thought it would work for our needs and it didnt so I gave to other friendI do not know if the friend like it or not
 Used the Amazon wizard to see if these would fit in my 2002 Mazada Protege LX and it said they would . Found out after they got here that they do not fit . What you see in the picture is what you get , nothing more or less . Returned these for a refund .
 1987 Jeep Wrangler - DOES NOT FITAmazon 's find parts says they fit , but they do not.I will cut them to fit but I expected &#34; custom fit &#34; as represented in the product 's features.In this case I guess &#34; custom fit &#34; means that you will have to customize them to fit .
 These are nice thick rubber but they are not made to the contour of my vehicle ... the ` see if it fits ' feature says it does fit , and it does fit if you do n't mind curled up rubber around the edges .
 As others have commented
 Very heavy mat , well made but when installed on my 07 focus pass side fit well , driver 's side was about 2.5 '' too narrow . Wide enough to keep my foot from wearing a hole in the carpet , but not enough too keep dirt/snow off carpet . I have the molded husky 's on my 06 dakota they fit perfect .
 after cracking 2 windshields in previous vehicles due to flying gravel on the highway , I decided to buy a bug/rock shield . I was n't sure how it would look on a civic , but it turned out great . Nice custom look , especially with matching vent guards on moonroof and side windows , all smoke gray . The company called to ensure I had ordered correct size for my car before shipping , nice customer service . Very easy to install , screws into pre-existing holes under hood.Part 2 - I should have stopped while I was ahead , but ordered a 2nd one for a 4 door civic . They sent me the same one as for the 2 door , which does not fit . Unable to contact vendor to return .
 I assumed this would be a pair but was a single item . After I received this item I was able to find a pair at a local retailer for the same price of this single item . Did not return it as the shipping and restocking fee makes it to costly .
 the rating was chosen because it was not what I wanted and picture was a little deceiving -- the floor mats were good-just wrong for me
 I bought this step bar for my F-150 . When I bought it , there was a 5 year warranty on it . It lasted 5 years and 10 months and rusted thru to the point that when I stepped on it to get in my truck , it broke off and fell to the ground . I called Westin customer service and they would not do anything for me on it . I understand that the warranty was up , but I would expect something to last more than 10 months past warranty . I 'll never buy Westin again . Poor quality .
 The floor mat comes in two pieces and really does not fit well . The two pieces must over lap a great deal so it looks bad . Also , since they over lap it leaves one side open allowing water to leak out one end onto the carpet of the vehicle . Poor design
 These did n't fit my GM vehicle well at all either even though they were a match . The mats were very rigid and where they overlapped in the middle my truck also had a small hump - which made matters worse as far as fitment goes . I returned these and went with the OEM factory one piece rear all weather mat .
 These did not fit our ford Transit . They were in two pieces instead of just one like the picture shows . Had to return them .
 The mats came completely different than what we expected . My husband did n't like them so we ended up returning them . .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 These mats did n't fit my vehicle at ALL ! Very upset . Total waste of my time and money . The mats are nice and would have worked great , but they were n't even close to fitting my vehicle correctly . Why bother putting the matching system on the sales page if it does n't work ? Unfortunately , I was travelling and missed my deadline for returning them , so now I 'm stuck with these mats that do n't fit , and I ca n't sell it back because they do n't allow that . Oh , and the dealership sells the fitted ones for the same price . Go there first !!!
 This item is not suitable for VAN . so I sent return request 23 days but still it is not picked from home ... Big box waiting at home is very inconvenient . . please arrange for pick up
 These are n't custom fit mats ! You must cut them to fit your application . I would gladly pay more for a better fitting mat .
 The real product delivered to me is not same as that shown on amazon 's website . It really misled me and made me waste my money on unuseful thing . Because the unwaived fee for shipping back , I have to keep it . I will not make a purchase there again .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The steps were shiney , but not close to the size they were suppose to be . The order was for 54 '' steps , I thought since they were for my vehicle , -LRB- perfect fit -RRB- they would be 2 x 54 '' for my 4 door full sized pick up - but I got 2 @ 27 '' each . If you add them both up , they are 54 '' , nice one guys ... got this one over on me , might work as a half a step on one door . Also , the recommended adapter to mount them does not fit my vehicle , -LRB- was guarenteed to be a perfect fit -RRB- ; I called and was told it must have been mislabeled ... imagine that . They got me again . I would not recommend this unless you want to roll the dice to see whatever the packing person felt like putting in the box . It MIGHT fit , it MIGHT NOT fit . You roll the dice . Not one time was I ever given the chance to return them for the correct set I ordered and paid for . Holiday rush ? You decide . Me , I 'm going to pay the extra money at the dealership from now on . It might cost more , but it IS guarenteed .
 I am totally fed up with paying good american earned money on China junk.I dont care how good you say the product is its china junk.I am also am disappointed with the same American companies that farm out for cheaper manufacturers .
 I purchased these for my Saturn Relay and specified this in my order . When I received them they were way too wide for the 2nd row . I could n't figure out how to make them work , so I sent them back .
 Bought for my 1999 Tahoe . Specified my vehicle and the item said it would fit BUT when I received them , they did not ... really not even close . Seemed to be good quality but does n't really matter if they do n't fit . Amazon . . you need to make sure your `` fit guide '' works ! Big waste of time due to receiving the wrong information .
 I purchased this for my Toyota van . I was disappointed by the item , mainly because of the photo . I was expecting one piece that would fit from door to door . Since it says a pair of 2 , I thought I was getting 1 floormat for the 2nd row and other for the 3rd row . I got 2 pieces that you lay over each other for the one row so I have buy more for the 3rd row which make it very pricey . The floormats themselves are heavy duty and do not slip . I still would have preferred one piece .
 VERY fast service , but when the organizer arrived it was defective . the pocket was not stitched properly and does not hold card or papers properly without them falling out because the pocket is way to big . too much of a big deal to return a $ 6.00 item . Not worth it .
 This visor organizer is OK , for the price it 's not bad . You can only fit sunglasses there if they 're small and thin . It does n't really stay tight , hangs a little bit .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The product shipped is not the Scepter # 05459 Stop Flow Spout.It is some other Scepter spout.I purposefully ordered the # 05459 Stop Flow Spout because of theappearance of its short stubby straight spout as pictured in theillustration . What I was shipped was a longer , crooked spout witha very flimsy lip catch to open the valve in the spout.The pictured spout appeared to have a broad flat lip completelycircling the spout , which would make it very easy to catch on thelip of the gas tank to open the valve , no matter the orientationof the spout or gas can , and very easy to keep on the lip of thegas tank , unlike the flimsy lip catch on the shipped model . Plus , a spout with a sharp angle crook is much more likely to breakunder the weight of a 5 gallons of gas.Finally , the new spout has some kind of a locking ring on itthat must be twisted until it clicks to allow the valve toopen under the weight of the can -- just another thing to break.Then the locking ring snaps back to allow the valve to closewhen the weight is released . But what if you want to lift upthe spout and check the filling level . You need to flip overthe can and twist the locking ring again to start the flow again.Older Scepter spouts never had this locking ring . It is totallyunnecessary.I 'll be trying to eliminate the function of this locking ring.I bought 4 , so I 'll keep them , hoping I can modify the to workcorrectly and hope they do n't break . But they are crap .
 The item shipped were not the item shown in the photo . Which was what I wanted . What they did ship is a spout which has an angled neck which would not fit into the intended recepticle . Waste of time .
 Absolute Junk !!! Do n't believe your vehicle will fit any of these mudflaps . Low grade and cheap ! Enough said !
 This product is cheaply made . In the picture it looks like rubber but it is not !!! It 's hard plastic , there is no give to the material and it cracked when I was removing the tabs that secured it to the cardboard backing ... . that were part of its packaging !!! Spend a couple more bucks and get something better .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 With a picture of full plastics it is easy to misunderstand the fact that you are buying one part only .
 I would assume the switch is a good solid switch but unfortunately I have n't been able to install and try it yet since the factory harness has to be modified to work with this switch , which is very annoying . Modified as in taken apart and each terminal connected separately due to the larger spacing between terminals on the new switch .
 I purhased the StrongArm 4221L and 4221R for my 1997 Subaru Legacy Wagon . The Right fit perfectly , however the Left was identical to the Right -LRB- but stamped L -RRB- but could not be used on the left side . The 4221L StrongArm DID NOT fit the Left side of the vehicle . Ironically it will fit the right side perfectly like the 4221R ...
 Why even show this WITH the grease gun if it 's not a cartridge . This is a TUB of grease . It can not be used with a gun .
 The picture for this item shows a canister for a grease gun which is completely wrong . What I actually received was a small can for greasing bearings by hand .
 This unfortunately is not a product review yet ... I will submit a `` product '' review when I actually receive the product . The seller on the other hand list this product as being `` in-stock '' but do n't let that fool you . I placed an order over 2 weeks ago and still have not received the product . I got a response via an email I sent explaining that they had a major run on these and were waiting for stock replenishment but have sent subsequent emails that have n't been responded to . They are definitely not `` in-stock '' and the original estimated delivery was 2-5 days and it 's been 14 . Not happy at all with the customer service here and so far have n't been offered any incentive to ever do business with these folks again once this transaction is finally complete .
 did not fit , had to make adjustments , had to cut it in few spaces to make it fit . will NOT fit 2009 routan .
 Said they were for Nissan 2012 Altima 2,5 s , would have been a good price.However they in no way fit . Had three people attempt . finally gave up and returned .
 First time writing reviews.Bought this item for my 2012 Hyundai Sonata and I was thinking how can I go wrong with this price ??? Well you should just save your money and spend it on McDonald 's or something.It wo n't fit , very cheap plastic that it could snap off.I will stay away from this product and you will thank me for it .
 Overall , not too happy . It was for an 06 charger and I was hoping for more of a custom fit . The company only makes 2 or 3 models of mud flaps which can be applied to a wide range of vehicles . The chart is on their website . the fit was not good for me . After I drilled and secured the mud flaps , It ended up to be crooked and did not look very good.Also the flap length is not very long . Maybe 3 inches.I did an experiment to test them . i installed one flap on one side and left the other slide off . I cleaned my rear bumper area on both sides and drove for about 100 miles with snow and salt on the road . I noticed no difference between the mud flapped side and the non mud flapped side . Oddly the side with the mud flap got dirtier ... Overall I would not go with these unless you know that the install will fit well for your particular vehicle .
 the picture shows this fitting perfectly , but the actual splash guard has a pleat in it and presses tightly against the paint . It was bought as a gift for my partner 's brand new car and after seeing how it would rub the paint , he said no , thanks . The shipping cost of returning it was too much , so I donated them .
 These are not what I was expecting . They will fit my 2001 Toyota Avalon but are soft rather than ridgid plastic and as such can not be successfully painted to match the car . I actually threw them both away and finally found the OEM splash guards -LRB- which are very hard to find -RRB- . They are a much more ridgid plastic and hold paint very well without cracking.So , if you do n't need to paint these flat black rubbery splash guards , they will do the trick for you but it you need to paint them , I 'd pass .
 I purchased two sets of these for a 2010 Focus Sedan . They are not as pictured and I did n't like the fit . They were too bulky looking and do not conform to the vehicle well or like pictured on both front and rear . Returned and it cost me $ 7.00 to experience this . Is n't Amazon great !
 FYI , to those of you interested to buy this for Camry 2012 - it does not work although the site says they fit . They are too short and do not reach the holes left in the Camry to get them fixed to them . I did not want to drill to make it ` compatible ' . I had to return them .
 The splash guards arrived quickly . I tried to install these on my 2012 Hyundai Sonata but they did n't fit right even though the guide said they fit . So I opted to install them on my sister 's 2007 Honda Civic since she damaged her OEM splash guards earlier . They do n't look or have the feel of the OEM product . These are more like thick rubber vs. the OEM hard plastic for splash guards . That may be the big difference in costs . I had to measure and drill holes in these . There were no screws or mounting equipment included . Just measure and hope for the best . They are currently on now and let 's hope they stay on .
 The merchant claimed that it is a match for my Honda Civic Hybrid 2003 but it really is not the case and I had to return this back to Amazon . In fact , there is no way you could install this on my car and I am surprised the merchant claim so . So , disappointed with this merchant for fault claim and so happy with Amazon for taking this item back ...
 These were suppose to be for the rear of a 2008 Impala . These were a very poor fit . I fooled around intalling these for 30-45 minutes after I had already installed front mud flaps . They are NOT the correct design for this application . Do n't purchase this model for any Impala 2006-2011 !
 These are not rigid at all , and are a far cry from factory quality ! I 've purchassed MANY after-market mud flaps / splash guards in the past , and these are BY FAW the lowest quality of any I 've purchassed in the past !!!
 I bought these thinking they would line up decently on my car . . Well after receiving them and doing a test fit , they look like garbage . I wo n't be installing these but I 'm sure they fit ok on some other cars . . Just not on my Honda CR-Z
 IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A FIT LIKE ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT . NO SPECIAL TOOLS REQUIRED . RIGHT , THE ONLY WAY I COULD HAVE USED THEM WAS TO CUT AWAY THE BACK PART OF THE SPLASH GUARD . THE PACKAGE SAID IT WOULD FIT EITHER THE FRONT OR BACK . BUT IN REALITY IT WOULD FIT NEITHER . ON THE PLUS SIDE , I DID GET A FULL REFUND EVEN FOR THE OPENED PACKAGE .
 Unfortunately , the mudguards did not fit my car , so I had to return them . Amazon.com , however was great as always . Quickly refunded my money without any problems .
 Did not fit front or rear-Wasted my money !! Flemcy piece of crapI would n't recommend these to anyoneSurely you have had this kind of complains beforeI no longer search Amazon for anything
 when i first bought this product i thought it would just fit right on and i would be alL set . I was sadly mistaken . It was a pain to put on with my drill because of my tires getting in the way and i had to drill holes through my car witch broke some of my drill bits . I love this website just not this product .
 I ordered these for my 2011 Subaru legacy but they did n't fit . it does n't match up with the shape of the car . if you are looking to buy this for Subaru legacy , this is the wrong product .
 - do not fit 07 hyundai period.-no pre-drill holes-if it can fit then it might be a ok product
 These look OK but are no where close to being able to fit on a 2012 ford focus sedan . -LRB- even though Amazon and Powerflow said it would -RRB- If I was forced to install this , the included hardware would also be too small . I will be returning them tomorrow morning .
 They sent ones for an F150 which had to be returned . None available for an escape . I wasted some time but did get my money back .
 You get what you pay for . This key coil is of very low quality and has a rather short coil .
 It 's either I received the wrong item or its listed wrong on Amazon . I clearly checked many times to see if it was compatible with my car and it says that it does but when I received the item it did n't fit . I am highly disappointed and will never purchase from this seller again .
 Was listed for my 2013 Nissan Juke , but would n't fit right . Luckily a friend could use them on his daughter 's car .
 I bought these because they were supposed to fit my car -LRB- Model 2 for a 2012 Ford Edge -RRB- . They required a lot of trimming and fitting . I did save some money as compared to buying them from Ford , but I do n't think the savings were worth the effort .
 I bought this for my 1999 Mazda protege LX . It was hard to install because the material is stiff , and the product is not designed well enough to drape the contour of the fitting area properly , at least in my case . I would suggest going with a universal or the unmolded type .
 I received this product and was all excited to use it as a night light for a RV trip . However , it does not fit into a normal cigarette lighter receptacle and I tried a few different ones to prove that . Then , I found that it does not even work right out of the box . Do NOT waste your money on this one .
 Did n't work upon arrival right out of the package . Absolute junk and at this price , not worth the postage to return it .
 This mud-guard was installed on an unmodified 1996 nissan 4x2 XE truck.My truck is listed as `` compatible '' on the product packaging.WARNING
 Still have n't even used these things . Should have sent them back , but I did n't realize they were for front of rear wheel well instead of back of rear wheel well . It was n't clear at the time of purchase .
 Installed two FM/Wagner BD60356 rear drums on my GM 3500 Dually . Rear vibration was so bad could not go above 50 mph . Removed all 4 rear tires and spun the rear axle/drum assembly on the truck to 65 mph with MAJOR static and dynamic movement . Had shop replace rear drums and it took three additional drums to get a pair of barely acceptable drums . One was actually 26 oz out of balance and was rejected out of the box . Had to spend a LOT of money to make these Chinese parts acceptable.Wagner has a problem in the manufacturing process.I have contacted FM/Wagner about this issue and requested reimbursement for double labor charge.More to follow as my request goes through proper channels.If I had it all to do again I would not accept a Chinese part and would go to GM for pre-balanced replacement parts .
 I 've had Chilton 's hardback manuals for 30 + years and have always relied on them for complete car care information . However , with this particular paperback manual I could not even find the basic engine specs such as oil pressure , oil capacity , and oil type . I expected to find this basic information in some sort of table , but had to flip through dozens of pages just to find a sentence about capacity . Still can not find oil pressure information . Better to spend the extra bucks for a FSM from Jeep for everything you may want to know .
 When one buys a repair manual they can usually change a light bulb which is about all this thing seems to be good for . I got this one for three issues on a 90 jeep :1 -RRB- how to put the lock cylinder back into a the full height door and have it stay - this manual did n't even show how the door latch was installed correctly . I know about the retaining clip but how do you get to it , I wound up totaly disasembling the door to get at it - an all day job .2 -RRB- someone has changed the turn signal switch and messed up the high beam switch push rod in the process - where is it supposed to be and how is it kept in place . This Jeep now has a floor mounted dimmer switch .3 -RRB- There is a miss at cruise , ok on aceleration and deceleration I assume it is a carburetion problem - but it has already had the carb replaced and the new one is worse than the old one.The Hanes manual that came with the Jeep is n't any better either .2 years later - I have a fuel leak in or around the fuel tank -LRB- there is fuel in the skid plate -RRB- the `` instructions '' to remove the fuel tank have no detail . For instance I can see the hose clamps for the filler at the top of the tank through a 1-1/2 '' wide slot 12 '' away from the clamps . The clamps are pointed to the rear of the vehical away from the slot . There are no removable panels to access these clamps that I can find , so the `` instructions '' are to disconnect these hoses before removing the tank - thanks for that bit of insight .
 I bought these to replace lift supports that I bought previously , but did n't remember the manufacturer . Now I know it is StrongArm since I bought these . The top uses a metal clip to hold it to the hood ... Great ! But the bottom uses a plastic slide to lock it to the car ... Terrible !! That is the problem I had with the previous pair ... plactic slides break/pop off at some point during use ... then the lift can come off when you close the hood and it bowed my hood ! I tried installing with the metal clip at the bottom , but then the top where the plastic slide is , wo n't hold . This is a 99 Chrysler 300M , so maybe this works for other cars , but not this.Previously I 've had lift supports with metal clips holding top and bottom ... this design works !! Tougher to install , but worth it since it works . I DO NOT RECOMMEND LIFT SUPPORTS THAT USE A PLASTIC SLIDE TO SECURE TO THE CAR ... WO N'T LAST !
 These blades look really nice . But do n't buy them . They streak horribly and are more for decoration than actual use . I wish I had not bought them .
 I did not receive the '' TYPE S '' as picture shows , it is `` HIKARI '' -LRB- I dont think you will expect that -RRB- . Can not even fit my Blackberry Pearl 2 inch wide .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 Anyone reading the description about this product and knows the difference between NEONS and LEDS will clearly think this product is RED NEONS . IT IS NOT NEONS its LEDS which is what I found out after receiving the product and being told by CarXtc that there was no mistake in shipping the product . I told them this is false advertising and NOWHERE on the Amazon Page was there any mention of LEDS and they denied those claims , but any expert would know LEDS do not come with transformers built into the tubes as what the description says , clearly they are selling NEONS.The seller gave me all the reason why LEDS are better than NEONS which I already knew , just to sell the product , but I bought this item specifically for NEON use , so this LED KIT would not work.Posting up this information was not to discredit the seller in any way , because they tried to assist me and told me to return the item for a refund , but because this is an internatonal sale , I would have lost out on tax/duty charges.My purpose for this message is to ONCE AGAIN TELL the seller it has been 3 Months since I told them about the FALSE ADVERTISING and they still have not corrected the information on Amazon.com which makes me belive they are not very concerned about their customers , if they have ignored my input.SO please be aware of this item it 's NOT a RED NEON KIT its a RED LED KIT . I rated 1 star because at least the LEDS were working on arrival .
 I bought these for the front & rear of a new 2008 GMC Sierra pickup . They do not look like the pictures on the websites or the picture on the box . They fit the contour of the pickup well but one of the holes in the front mud guards is in the wrong location . I drilled new holes in the mud guards in the correct location . I had to remove the rear wheel and drill 4 holes to install each of the rear mud guards .
 The part arrived and even though Amazon 's website verified it would work , it did n't . The pin outs were wrong . Now I 'm having trouble returning the product . This is the only time I 've had trouble with an Amazon product . Hope it 's the last . I 've junked my car since the part I need is no longer availiable .
 Tried everything humanly possible to get this thing to work with no success . Followed all instructions perfectly and went online to download alternate instructions for my specific GM model which still did not help .
 Was not even close to the right size for my 2000 Grand Cherokee . . Maybe need more description when ordering . Shipping speed was good , unfortunately did n't help solve the problem .
 The cork gasket split and leaks when installed . The one it replaced was a Cork-Covered , Steel Core , Oil Pan Gasket for a 1988 dodge D350 1 ton pickup truck . Do you have one that will work ? I need a replacement before I remove the old one.I replaced it with used a Fel-Pro oil pan gaskets , made of molded rubber to prevent overtightening and torqied it to 10 ft-lbs not 16 ft-lbs as specified by Dodge.Mr . Gasket 394 Oil Pan Gasket
 The idea is great , but it does n't work , Somehow those are extremely painful . Need to admit that both my husband and I are skinny people . I dumpled those in the garage and bought ones from Brookstone .
 After using many different types of pillows for tail bone bruise with no significant relief , I decided to try the gel seat . Once again , it did n't make me feel worse but did n't feel any better either . If anything it was a bit harder . Long trips were still difficult .
 I fractured my `` tailbone '' -LRB- coxxyx -RRB- several months ago and experimented with all sorts of seats/cushions to ease the pain . Fortunately , most of the pain from that fall is now gone . I also have some lower back pain -LRB- permanent -RRB- , so I was also trying to find something effective for that . Unfortunately , this product was completely ineffective . In fact , I would always give up after only a few minutes of use because the pain would be worse . The title of it sounds like it might have a soft , cushioning effect . In reality , it is very stiff and hard -- exactly the opposite of what I needed .
 I am loathe to write a bad review for anyone or anything
 This Gel type of seat cushion was lousy in every way . It 's too small for your backside when sitting down , plus the way that it is slanted was to uncomfortable an essentially pushed me forward to much . You may notice the same issues -
 Upon arrival which took 15 days , that blame goes to parcel pool to hawaii not the vendor . But this cushion is as hard as tire rubber almost and not comfortable in the least at all . My old beat up office chair is more comfortable without it and knew it would n't work after 5 minutes . It is stiff and does n't mold to how you sit on it . I would rather sit on a used tire really and will have to read reviews before getting a better one that actuall is comfortable and works .
 I have been using this cushion for the past few weeks and it does not provide the cushion I need . It is also not large enough for my bottom , which has a 38 '' measurement from hip to hip . I bought it to relieve the pressure I get when I 'm driving , which is especially painful on my right thigh . The gel is not very cushy . In fact , it is a bit stiff . Anyway , this product is not for me .
 I purchased a G Seat Gel Cushion a number of years ago and it is wonderful - soft , cushioning gel with a thin backing that makes it even more pliable and flexible . I thought I was purchasing another of the same quality , since it looked similar and was the same brand , but not so . This seat has a recycled rubber backing that is over 1/4 '' thick that makes the seat very hard , so much so that you hardly notice the gel . That backing , which smells like an old rubber tire , also keeps the seat from sitting flat . It is shipped folded and I can not as yet get it to straighten out . I paid almost as much for the original gel seat that I ordered years ago and would have paid more to get the same quality , but this is just a horrible seat for $ 59.00 or any price . It is totally uncomfortable . I would have given it minus 5 stars if that were possible . This was to be a gift for my husband , but since it is not the same quality as my old one and is so hard and uncomfortable , he refuses to use it , and I ca n't blame him . I am very disappointed .
 Cushion still outgasses a strong smell months later . No good for an enclosed area such as a car .
 I purchased this product hoping to alleviate excess pressure on my tailbone and glutes from chairs at work and at home . To its credit , the cushion did elevate my tailbone so there was n't as much pressure in that location . However , the gel was so hard that it pressed uncomfortably against my glutes . The cushion is angled so it is slightly higher in the back than it is in the front , and while I 'd guess this was done for ergonomic reasons , in my case it seemed to make things worse . I found myself wishing it contained a lot more gel . It did n't `` give '' enough to be a good cushion for my needs.It 's too bad , too , because other than that the design is really great . I love that it folds in half , just about the size of a big clutch purse , so you can carry it easily in a bag or under your elbow . I would have kept it if it were the least bit comfortable , but it just did n't help me at all .
 This picture clearly shows the seat belt next to the headrest but there is no way to route the seatbelt . FAIL !
 Well , the pass side hydrolic motormount went out on my zx3 so i decided to buy a whole new set of mounts and replace them all for piece of mind . The car has 160k on it and the mounts were original . With in 2 weeks during stop and go driving or acceleration i would hear a loud bang like the motor was shifting . I drove it to work all week and got it up on the lift on the weekend only to find the mount had been torn badly . The stock one was still in the hatch -LRB- glad i saved it -RRB- i put the oem mount back on and the car drove fine . So basically i wasted time and money buying this part . I hope the `` Anchor '' hydrolic mount holds up a little longer ... . because the dogbone mount is more of a paperweight and less of an anchor ... :-LRB- Save the frustration and buy ONLY OEM FORD MOUNTS .
 I was so happy i installed my brand new rear motor mount on my ford focus 2002 , i tested it for about one hour and was very good . what was my surprise that the next morning after 30 mins of driving , a worst vibration from the original i had was taking place in my car , i checked and the motor mount was shaking terribly . i needed to put back the old one , althoug it vibrates , is not that terrible as with the new one . really dissapointed .
 I replaced the original engine mount with this on my mother 's 2001 Focus . Three months after installing it the car would make a noise as if the engine was hitting the subframe whenever you accelerated from a stop or coasted and then accelerated . When I took this mount out to replace it , the entire center piece that connects this mount to the subframe was disconnected from the rest of the rubber .
 The large rubber insert in this mount broke less than 2 months after installation . It is definitely an inferior product . I 'd recommend replacing the rubber inserts with polyurethane in the original mount , which is much sturdier , if you have access to a machine shop . Otherwise buy the Ford mount .
 I bought this Anchor mount about 3 times . The mounts broke within a month of use . I would buy OEM instead - though it will cost more .
 Do not buy this item . I had one installed on my 2007 Ford Focus . Recently , I noticed jerking in the engine compartment . I put the car up on ramps and noticed this mount had completely come apart . The rubber bushing on the large side had completely come apart . Do not buy this part .
 Bought a sensor , had a problem , contacted them on amazon - no response , contacted them on their website - no response -LRB- and there is no phone # on their website -RRB- , I am a used car dealer , I am buying parts on the Internet every day from sensors and brakes to engines and transmissions , I had some problems with different shops before , of course , but Everything could be resolved with communication . With acdelco - there is no communication , they simply ignore you if you have a problem . Will never buy from them again .
 I bought a 15 gallon fuel station and it had a defective nozzle on it when ever I pulled the trigger to release the gas I got more gas on my hands then in my lawn mower because the gas would flow freely out the pin on the bottom of the lever , have sent several e-mails to them only heard once from them and they said they would send me a new nozzle free of charge and it has been about 2 months now and as far as I can see they do n't stand behind their products or even their word , the company does n't really care about their customers like they want you to believe , all they want is your money . I would n't recommend Blitz products to any one
 this item quit working do to vibration if u have sub in in your car do not use this item
 The 85H7YR battery has been a great disappointment . It 's installed in an 08 Corvette and , if left for two or three days , will not start the vehicle . The Chevrolet Dealer says the battery Warranty is only 3 years or 36K . Seems like the battery is promoted to have a longer Warranty than that .
 I was surprised when receiving this product to find that the passenger side floor liner was missing it 's WeatherTech decal . At first I thought it might have came loose and looked for it inside the box but to no avail . It makes it look like any generic floor liner plus the liner 's material does n't extend fully out near the door as shown in the product picture which lets sand and mud go onto my Jeep 's floor . I use my car regularly for reef scuba diving and camping trips , and had to clean flooring after my trips . I would have returned the product but I had it forwarded to an international address , the cost of mailing it back just does not make it feasible .
 What a peice of crap!There are no posts on the back of this inverter , only holes with set screws . So you ca n't buy a regular set of cables and screw them on . Instead they send you a set of their `` special connectors '' so you can spend your time building your own cables .
 Even though they say oem Delco , I wonder ... . After 1 year , engine began to miss . Replaced wires and brought new life to the smoothness . I have read of others having the same problem with these wires
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This item seemed like it might of been sitting around for years . Of course the batteries did n't work and looked like they had leaked.Once I found new batteries -LRB- which cost more than the keychain itself -RRB- , I put them in and the sound was so bad we could only partially understand one out of the manystatements . This was the most disappointing Christmas gift my son received . He is a big Monty Python fan , but I will never buy anything like this again online!Monty Python Flying Circus
 Received this talking Monty Python keychain with a note taped on the keychain telling me to buy new batteries as the batteries already in the keychain would be dead . It would have been not only nice but honest of the manufacturer to have mentioned dead batteries on the product description .
 Did not work out of the box , and even after buying replacement batteries it still did n't work !
 I bought and installed these on my Quest mini-van to try and improve the handling . I guess the handling was better than the old original bushings but these bushings squeek after only about 2 weeks after greasing them with regular hi-temp axel grease . I thought the grease would make sure they were quiet for along time but that is not so . I am considering inserting a thin sheet of HDPE to provide a slip surface that will not make noise . Consider me disappointed in these bushing 's performance .
 Did not even come close to fitting my 2000 Dodge Dakota . I had to cut , soften with a hot air gun , and remold the flaps to fit . A 15 minute job took 2 hours . These will only stay on my truck until I find a replacement .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 The lights are easy to install and have a fair price . And you can put them under water with your boat trailer because the bottom is simple open . If water comes in through the opening it also must come out through the opening . Well , it worked one time . The second time one light stopped working . All contacts got so corroded that I even could not change the bulb.I guess the manufacture in china had a different meaning for submersible . Definitely you should not submerse them in water . Look for something sealed !
 One of the bulbs is already not working . The housing look cheap , These lights are not submersible ... . DO NOT SUBMERGE THESE LIGHTS !!!! they will rust in 2 days and will cause electrical problems in your car.A little bit better craftmanship can go a long way . We should demand a little bit better quality from chinese products . They can do better . We pay with good currency we should get good products.I plan to place 2 2x4 in the light mounts and raise these lights 2 feet , better visibility and they will be out of the water when you back-up the trailer into the water .
 It looks great , but it is Chinese made , and none of the bulbs work . I wired it , checked all grounds and that the bulbs were getting power . That being said ... it looks snazzy and I 've not been pulled over since I replaced my `` working '' but too `` small for legal reasons '' lights . Buying new bulbs is more expensive that the unit and I 've cut the wires to fit my trailer , no return available for me . I only drive during the day anyway .
 The basket is as advertised , I suppose.However , it arrived dirty ; my fingers were covered with welding soot just taking it out of the box . The spot welds are pretty ugly , too - they seem solid but are very discolored and kind of sloppy , with the discoloration extending all the way across the legs . Somebody spent a lot of time cleaning up the one in the picture , if the one I got is normalShould it work for its intended purpose ? Probably . But I expected better welding and at least a clean part .
 Mess of a sale . Vendor advertised one product but shipped a later replacement which is inferior . Took ages to get the product returned and credited .
 Wasnt even 2.5 '' ??? Not sure what ruler they are using but it wouldnt even go over my brand new 2.5 '' muffler , the tip measures in at 2 '' .
 Exactly what does `` Satin Gloss '' mean ? ... its either `` Satin '' or `` Gloss '' One or the other . Something cant be shiny and dull at the same time can it ?
 COLOR COAT is formulated to match , restore or change color on most vinyl surfaces , flexible and rigid plastics , carpet and velour . COLOR COAT is fade resistant , flexible and is a permanent coating.Currently -LRB- as of May 28 , 2010 -RRB- available in over 50 colors including 3 blacks , 3 clears and a selection of OEM automotive , bus and marine colors .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 good idea but unless you have a center stand on your bike , when you roll the tire on the stand the bike will move to either side and might fall off
 Bought this for a 00 Camry and when I was ready to put it on . It did n't even slide on half way and I ended up chipping some of the balancer trying to get it on.Went to Kragen/Oreilly and bought another brand that fit for about the same price . Pay a little more and avoid Dorman brand , now I 'm stuck with a balancer that ca n't be used .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I bought it for myself , I use small and I order it as small and it said small on the tag but it was way to large , I had to return it .
 The pants I received had some stitching missing , Velcro hanging loose and what looked like a last minute hand stitch on the inner liner that would never hold up during wear . I contacted jafrum and they asked I send pic 's over and I did right away with my camera phone . She said she would send me a fed-ex label over so I could send them back . 3 days later and still no email , contacted her again and she said to check my spam folder , nothing . I needed the pants for a trip I had planned and did n't have anymore time . I had my grandma break out the sewing machine and she did a great job repairing the pants . I sent jafrum an emailing saying I had the pants taken care of and was wondering if I could get a discount towards my next purchase . She wanted to see a receipt where I had the pants fixed . I 'll never buy from jafrum again and do n't advise anyone else to either . I Should of just saved for the Tourmaster pants .
 I returned the pants for two reasons 1 -RRB- they were too big 2 -RRB- the pants need a zipper on the side . First , ordering the pants a size larger than what you wear is not the way to go ; they were too big . Also , the pants did not have a zipper on the side , so you will need to take off your shoes to get the pants off . This is a big pain in the you-know-what . However , I sent them back and Jaffrum promptly refunded my credit card . I would order from this company again
 below is what i had to say about this product but now , completely changed my mind . the product itself is alright if it isnt defective . One of my straps completely ripped off within two weeks . so i returned it to the seller and 1 month later i call them because i had had no updates on my pants . so they tell me they need to track m it down and they will call or email me the next day . another week goes by , no response , so i call email them . three days later i get a response saying that they found my pants , that they were on back order and had no estimated date for shipment . i responded with a request for a refund and they did . but all in all , pants are good if you are lucky , but Jafrum , sucks terribly !!! if they rip of whatnot , just get a refund , dont bother exchanging.These are really pants for such low price . there is a little padding on the knees and side of the leg along the femur . the only thing i 'd say is bad is since i have a high bike , when i sit on it , since the crotch is so low it rides the pants legs up a little . thats the only thing though but im 6 ' 2 '' weighing 150 lbs , so clothes usually fit off . i was in 40 degree weather and i felt no cold at all . I have yet to try it in the rain though . .
 I found these pants were of poor quality . . size was about two sizes bigger than label . . strap/belt tore off right out of the bag
 Huge cut out for the rear view mirror . Makes the shield obsolete . Very cumbersome for this modern era of technology .
 Not very good . Cheap as they do not work like other lights I have used . Would not refer to a friend .
 IT should not move . But it does . Which makes it virtually useless for the intended purpose . I suppose there are workarounds . But then it is no longer useful as a quick way to get your car up to change the oil . Also , it 's about four inches too low , unless you 're a skinny guy or gal . For the money , you 're better off paying a little more and getting some good jackstands and a nice little hydraulic jack .
 do not buy this ramps they suck i just got them when i try to put my car on them i gave just i little of gas and the shoot under need the car bend my center molbing on the bottom and they land on the need where the is a frame and they have a big cut where the ramp as that big lip if this ramps where better made the part of the car frame will hold the car up and wont damage the bottom side center of the car plastic molding in few word the ramps when i give little gas to got up the ramps they flew under need the car and they land right in the center of the car now the ramps they got jamed il the metal frame which made a big gut in to the ramps and if the were stonger wont not be any damage to the car because the part where the ramp got cut is sheet so beware
 Ramps are nicely constructed and delivery was fairly quick , but my understanding was that these would work for on a C5 Corvette . My car has NOT been lowered and has wheels off a Z06 which are also not supposed to affect ride height . The front bumper of my car hits these ramps well before the wheels do making these ramps virtually unusable for me . Very disappointing .
 Dimensions are confusing/inaccurate . Stated height of 11.5 inches is not correct -- perhaps this is shipping container . Actual product is about 8.5 inches high , but taking into account the cradle for tire , only raises the vehicle about 6 inches .
 The ramp is strong enough but the rubber feet are crap and will fall apart/slip when used with rear-wheel drive vehicles .
 This ramp is good for small cars . It may be powerful when you get the car up , but first you have to get the car on the ramp ! With my BMW 650i , the ramp keeps sliding away and creating dangerous situations . It slid 6 out of 6 time and thank god it slid away from car and did not hit anythung serious , but it can also damage the car . When one slides and the other tire stays half way up , the car is slanted and you are always scared if one of the ramps gets wedged under the car . Then you are screwed really good!I recommend this ramp for light cars with plenty of clearance . I wish they would make one with lower height and longer -LRB- lower degree of ascend -RRB- .
 I bought this to replace my home made wooden ramp for my garage . It was supposed to remove the clunkiness that was my wooden ramp , as well as provide something lighter . Well , it did both . Unfortunately , it did n't work as intended . While it was fairly easy to get my BMW 530i up the wooden ramp , it was nearly impossible to get the car up this ramp . Every time I tried I would get part of the way up and one of the ramps would slip out -LRB- slide forward -RRB- . I checked and indeed the rubber traction pads were still there . Turns out that this ramp was n't really made for garage floors that are basically flat . I have n't been able to try it outside as yet , but I am guessing that with a rough surface it would be quite easy . I was finally able to get my car up the ramp . To do so I had to put my car in the manual mode , into the first gear and drive slower than a centenarian trying to cross the road . Subsequent attempts were n't as successful , but at least I know I can get it up the ramp . Get this if you plan to use it on a less than smooth surface . If you have a smooth surface then think twice as it could get frustrating . Vehicle weight and drive system -LRB- FWD or RWD -RRB- should also be considered . My car has a RWD which pushes the car forward . It might be easier if you are using a FWD system .
 I installed in my corvette . The first redtop lasted under 3 years . Replaced under warranty . Replacement also lasted under 3 years . This battery is way overrated and over priced . I replace it at less than 1/2 the cost with a battery with more power and the same warranty . I would not recommend this battery .
 I purchased this battery for my G35 coupe . I have used it for 2 months to replace the OEM battery . OEM battery lasted 4 years , but opitma Red Top is having trouble turning on after only 2 months . The cells can not hold a charge and the battery sounds weak when I lock the car doors . WORST EVER ! Do not recommend !
 I am quite impressed with the quality of the product , but the description makes it sound like there are going to be both front and back floor mats in the package ... WRONG !!! This is the front seat only . Buyer beware . I have had NOTHING but luck with Amazon , so I am not going to blame them , the box that the mats were in even showed that it had 4 mats -LRB- both front and back -RRB- , but in the very tiny disclosure at the bottom , you will see that there are 2 different product numbers . VERY misleading.They do fit my 2008 Audi A4 perfect , so i am going to keep them , but am VERY disappointed in not having back seat as well.Amazon , it would help if you were more clear in your description !!!!
 i FOUND THE VINYL CLEANER NO MORE EFFECTIVE MANY OTHER HOUSEHOLD CLEANERS SUCH AS 409 . THE 303 VINYL PROTECTOR LOOKS OK BUT RUNS OFF IN THE RAIN JUST LIKE SOME OF THE LESS EXPENSIVE VINYL PRODUCTS LIKE ARMORALL . FOR THE HGIH PRICE , I FELL THE PRODUCT IS OVER-RATED .
 We were excited to find a custom fit seat cover set for the aging seats in our Passat.The advertisement goes on and on about the fit . CAD designed just for your application . `` designed to fit as well as original upholstery '' `` The Coverking fit rivals the seat 's original upholstery `` Well not quite!I have personally designed using CAD , and I believe I could have achieved a better fit using pattern paper.You know how these days there is
 The carrier was delivered promptly and appears to be well made.Unfortunately , I waited until just recently to try it on my trailer spare and it does not come close to fitting on my 15 '' 5-hole rim.I would recommend that you try it out immediately and return if you have a problem with it fitting your rim .
 Purchased this for my 15 '' spare on my flatbed , will not fit any way you mount it even though it says it will . Your experience may vary but I would steer clear if you have a 15 '' wheel .
 UPDATE
 I have nothing against Stoner and I like trying new products for our cars . I was hoping that this would , as advertised , give a nice , glossy shine to my dashboard and other plastic or vinyl inside the car . It really did not . I think it may have imparted a slight gloss , but not the type of shine you 'd get with a liquid product and certainly not detail worthy . Luckily it was inexpensive .
 The description of this product on Amazon 's website claims it can be used on leather or upholstery . On the can itself , it specifically warns against using on leather . I had purchased this specifically to use on my car 's interior , which has both cloth and leather components . Also , the product can not be returned because it contains hazardous checmicals ! Luckily , Amazon agreed to refund me the purchase .
 Big fan of Stoner products , but Trim Shine should only be used for internal areas , unless you wish to keep detailing the same panelsover and over . The 5 gallon container of Trim Shine does not have the water resistant properties as the spray cans , so beware.The spray can product makes panels look nice , and withstands rain , but only for a week or two . Very disappointed .
 Not sure if I am missing anything here . Used this several times after thoroughly washing the tires . Despite generous use , it did not give the shine that the car wash shops do.I follow the written instructions , but not working . When I take my vehicle to neighborhood car wash , their stuff works . Disappointed ...
 its listed as 48 '' the one thet sent was just 18 '' it works just way to short i had to connect 2 to make it work
 The wiring plug-ins do not match a 2002 Dodge Dakota Quad Cab as claimed.I should have returned it , but do n't know what to buy to match-up .
 `` The reason I purchased this product is because of the promise to clean just about anything . '' I have a few small rust spots on a bathroom floor and a I wanted to try it on oil in my driveway . This stuff is a joke . It not only did n't work at all , it has a citrus odor that is horrible ! The rust stains are just sticky now and the oil stains are there and not at all cleaned up . Read the statements . . this spray cleaner is supposed to cut through grease and grime and everything else it touches . You are better off with Industrial cleaners that you know and trust can do the job . This product was a complate waste of money and time !
 You mailed to me Xenit Mold Cleaner . So I still do n't have the Xenit Citrus Cleaner and Remover - 10 oz . product.I ca n't rate it ... I never got it ... but if I have to rate so you can get this message I will .
 I purchased the cleaner and waterproof products . I followed the directions on both . I applied 3 coats of the waterproofer allowing ample drying time between all applications . It rained last night and my top looks just the same as it did before I applied it . I will look elsewhere for another product . Unfortunately I have to give it one star in order to get this review in ; otherwise it would be zero stars .
 I purchased this product along with one of RaggTopp 's cleaning solutions to try to stop my top from leaking . Product says it ` Restores Lost Water and Stain Repellency To Like Factory New ' . This is an absolute lie . Cleaned and applied multiple coats to my top . During the next heavy rainstorm the inside of my roof was completely saturated with water .
 I used this on the black cloth top of my convertible . It was leaking when parked out in the rain . I brought it to a mechanic who recommended this product.I took some advice from other reviews and ordered 2 cans , using most of them on about 4 coats . I was hopeful , but the cloth top still leaks , granted not as much as before . There is no visible difference -- the cloth still looks like it is soaking water in.Two stars because it helped a bit , but did not solve the problem .
 I used to use the Vinyl top version of this product on my 97 Miata and it kept the tan top in absolutely perfect condition . No cracking , discoloration etc. . Great.So I thought to use the same brand on the grey fabric top of my new Boxster.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT . Although the water repelling feature is there , the grey is now a lot darker overall , and a different , lighter shade where the fabric is under higher tension -LRB- above the frame rails -RRB- . It really did a `` job '' on the top . Looking closer , it appears that the solvents attack the vinyl layer underneath the fabric and some of it 's dark color leaks along the fabric 's fibers to the top.Do the product developers at Ragtopp know how much a new top for a Boxster costs ?!!? So , unless your top is really ragged and needs this for some other reason , stay away from it ! I learnt it the hard way .
 Be careful ordering this item , it is not the bed rail caps it is the tailgate cap only .
 I have yet to install it as no directions or product information came with the item . What is the purple wire for ? Great idea but lacking information .
 I bought from MyRespiratorySupply . I could of made this from going to the hardware store and buying the two different ends and wiring them together . The package came in a plastic baggy no directions or anything and that was it not a Hopkins brand wiring product .
 We were excited about the prospect of a `` custom-fit '' seat cover and the price was right too . As we were installing the covers we noticed the covers were quite tight , which could be a good thing , but there was no stretch or give at all . During the installation process , without any abnormal pulling , the covers started to rip at the seams . Before anyone had even sat on the covers , there were large holes ripped in the seams . We immediately contacted Amazon who quickly offered to replace the covers for us . We thought -LRB- hoped ? -RRB- perhaps this might be an isolated incedent , but no such luck . The exact same thing happened with the next set . Apparently the price WAS too good to be true . Coverking must be able to keep the price low because of the quality of the fabric and stitching . Guess we 'll have to find some other way to keep our seats clean .
 I ordered seat covers for my Mazda 5 directly from CoverKing 's web site . The second and third row covers came within a couple weeks , but the front row covers took 34 days to arrive , with no explanation.Three pieces of the second and third row covers were sewn/assembled incorrectly . One seat bottom cover included two indentations for the seat belt buckle , one on each side . The rear seats have hinges to fold flat , each with both a narrow and a wide hinge - the covers came with two narrow hinge pieces on one , and two wide hinge pieces on the second . They need better quality control processes!I contacted customer support , and provided pictures of the problem areas . Customer support seems to generally take several days to respond to inquiries . Instead of offering to take care of the issue , they insisted they needed additional pictures of the car before they would do anything . After receiving the pictures , they needed several numbers from the shipping boxes , which of course had been discarded by this point . Apparently , the order number alone is not enough for them to process replacements?So , I still have three pieces that do n't fit , and while they finally agreed to prioritize sewing new covers , it will be another week or two before they arrive . * If * they make the replacement covers correctly , it will have been at least 50 days from the time I placed my order , to when I finally have everything installed.On the positive side , the covers seem to fit well , except for the arm rest pieces - they 're significantly baggy . No seams ripped while installing , and they 're relatively easy to secure . Not sure how they 'll last in the long term , but so far , spills wipe up easily .
 I haul a boat , enclosed utility and a snowmobile trailer and need this adapter for my Chevy Avalanche . Cheaply built and all of my flat 4 prong trailer plugs frequently work themselves loose and disconnect . Amazon offers others for a few dollars more . Pay the difference and get one of the better adapters ... unless you enjoy being unplugged .
 I ordered this item twice , neither one worked for my application . All I wanted to do is attach a lighted hitch cover to my hitch . I returned both , bought one that worked from a local U-Haul .
 I have tried this product twice . Both times I masked off the top with tape & newspapers so I could get good coverage without being concerned about getting spray on the paint or windows . I was particularly carefull to get good coverage in the seams.After a hard rain -LRB- this is Florida after all -RRB- I need to wear a water proof jacket , cover my legs with plastic film , move anything I do n't want to get wet into the middle of the car and prepare to mop up the streams of water that come out of the side rails with towels . The water does not bead up on the surface.I am going to try some seam sealer next and after that I guess a new top . The car is a 1997 Saab and the top looks fine - just leaks .
 i purchased this product to clean my vinyl 2006 mustang convertable top based on the reviews on amazons web site . the top on the car is a little over a year old . well i can tell you now that this product does not work . i tried cleaning the same spot multiple times . each time the same result . the heavy dirt spots are still there . i used a brush to scrub each spot . it is almost laughable when the directions tell you to use a cloth.i followed the instructions 3 different times . the top is still dirty.this product is useless overpriced snake oil .
 As a relatively new cloth convertible top owner I wanted to pro-actively to take good care of my top from the start . All roads lead to RaggTopp Fabric Protectant , which essentially meant that it has the recommendation of the Hartz Fabric Company recommendation . I have used this product before and it worked , but this year it was a disaster . First of all they changed the spray nozzle on the aerosol can to produce an extremely fine spray . Whatever their reason for this was it now means that it is impossible to use this product outdoors as the slightest of breezes sends it off into the wind . You must apply it in a garage setting only . Secondly when my small top failed to bead water after apply three coats per the directions I contacted the manufacture to try to understand what went wrong . They were far from professional , in fact I would characterize their behavior as nothing less than insane . First telling me that I did not apply enough . Then telling me that I applied too much . And a few other really bizarre comments were sent to me written in all capital letters ! It appears that this company is really just a one man and a bitter and unhappy fellow at that ! But the good news is that this interesting information that I would like to share with you . This is not the only option for fabric top protectant . And of the alternatives there is one that had been the defacto Hartz recommended product for over 20 years -LRB- RaggTopp was only recommended by them for the last few years - do I smell a bribe , or should I say paid product endorsement ? -RRB- . The alternative is a product called 303 Protectant - High Tech Fabric Guard . It is available from Amazon and it is less expensive than Raggtopp . 303 also makes a fabric cleaner . And 303 has a manual pump spray which allows for much greater control in applying the product . My top beads water again thanks to 303 . Goodbye RaggTopp , your horrible customer server has turned me and now everyone in my roadster auto club off of your products for good .
 In short , RaggTopp convertible top care does n't measure up to my expectations . I read about the history of the product and product reviews before my purchase , which influenced my purchase . Sorry to say this stuff just did n't provide noticeable results in cleaning the fabric top of my Porsche Boxster . I can only guess that the `` protectant '' product is working . The application of the protectant can be arduous because it is in an aerosal can . Any breeze or air movement will cause the product to fall on the glass and paint surfaces of your car . All in all , I probably wo n't purchase this particular product again .
 the cleaner works fine , leaving the top really clean.protectant do not leave a shine coat like other protectants does . I followed instructions in strict order and leaved a nice coat of protectant without necessarily leaving a mess . I wait a while to check it 's `` magic '' effect but two weeks later still waiting for some david cooperfield stuff . another thing , the protectant is a spray , so is very inefficient in saving it 's content for a next use ; almost used a can for a single application . if you buy it , please consider eye protecting googles . for it 's price it 's expensive and inefficient .
 I bought this product to re-water proof my convertible soft-top . The result after I used it was disappointing -LRB- utilized as described -RRB- . I finally bought and product water proofer for fabric boat roofs which was amazing . My soft-top is perfectly water-resistant again !
 Was really looking forward to the results I read about ... Did not get full three coats with spray sealer . Was okay about this , but when rained on , it did not bead up AT ALL . Rain soaked top flat with no visible improvement from prior to application . Very let down : - -LRB-
 Okay , call me the dummy . The spray treatment for the top lasted for ONE coating or application-not several as I had been led to believe . And the cleaner ? ... mix some simple green in warm water and use a small scrub brush.Despite all the rave reviews , I have this sick feeling I 've just been hustled !
 I used this with my office chair for 3-4 days , then it sprung an irreparable leak . Once you see the product yourself , you will understand why leaks are bound to happen under any normal use
 Pillow arrived with a large leak in the seam . Needless to say , I am not impressed with the quality .
 This cushion is easy to inflate and deflate , as well as store and pull out to use at a moments notice . It also seems durable enough . The big drawback is that it is made of fairly slick material that slips easily out from behind the small of my back . I have to keep retrieving it and rearranging it . I wish it were made with a non-slip type of material . Otherwise , it would be pretty useful .
 This lumbar support lasted less than a week before it started leaking air . I bought one of these 10 years ago that still works fine . The new ones , however , are of an inferior quality .
 Not recommended . The valve stopped functioning within a week , unless there 's a leak in the fabric , but the end result is the same . Now the item deflates within a few minutes .
 I purchased many of these cushions over the past few years . About three years ago the quality was good and then I suspect that the quality control department must have been involved in a Lay Off . With a bad lower back , the theory behind the cushion would require it to hold air . The last three purchases in bulk for me have been horrendous - you would be lucky if 1 in 10 held air for more than a day or two . I think the quality issue is in the valve itself . Do not waste your money on these . They are asking over 10 dollars a piece for an item that may not be worth 5 cents . Please find an alternate cushion !!
 The Airback lost its ability to hold air almost instantly . I have not isolated where it is leaking -LRB- valve , seams , or simply material -RRB- , but it began leaking after very few uses . It has to be re-inflated multiple times on even the shortest car and plane trips . I would not purchase another one of these items nor would I recommend anyone else purchase one .
 This air pillow provides an adjustable amount of support , and was very comfortable under my back all night . I used it while sleeping , and loved it when I first bought it . But , here we are 6 weeks later , and the pillow is leaking air at an increasing rate . The nozzle looks fine , so maybe it leaks along a seam . I 'm extra bummed , because it is made in USA , and I always expect good quality from us . Today I bought the OPTP Pillow which is also made by McKenzie . Costs twice as much , so maybe it is better made . Got my fingers crossed !
 The airback started leaking after a few weeks . The company refused to replace it claiming that it is a disposable item ????
 It leaked after two weeks and I 'm sick of having to keep blowing it up.Just get the non-air back supporter .
 Air would escape from the roll whenever I put pressure on it -LRB- i.e. behind my back -RRB- . It would deflate within 5 minutes of inflation .
 Sprung a leak during first use . It is the second one we have had and the other one lasted a few months . Waste of money . We 're on a trip and wo n't be back to return it for a while so probably wo n't get a refund .
 Will not retain air ! Better off with solid roll which can not leak and is more comfortableDo n't buy one!I have the self-inflating one by same co. . That is shaped like a dog bone and it is excellent , portable , and does not leak .
 My Airback sprang a leak -LRB- see picture -RRB- about 3.5 months after I began using it . Until this happened I liked it . It was comfortable and easy to adjust . Time to find an alternative !
 check engine light was on-Code
 Do n't make the same mistake that I made and trust what Amazon 's fitment guide tells you . I made that mistake and as I type my wife 's 2011 Ford Explorer -LRB- 3.5 L engine -RRB- is sitting in the garage with an empty oil pan and no oil filter . Why ? Because I mistakenly trusted Amazon 's guide and ordered this oil filter several weeks ago . Now that I tried to install it - including filling it half way with fresh oil as one should do with a new oil filter - and guess what ? It wo n't thread . I examined the old filter -LRB- a Motorcraft OEM filter from Ford -RRB- , and the threaded opening is 1/8 '' smaller on this Bosch than the OEM . Gee , I wonder why it wo n't screw on ? Duh . Thanks Amazon for costing me more money and wasting my time , plus making a huge inconvenience .
 The pants were too large . I tried to return them to the vendor Extrememoto but I did not get any response to my multiple email messages.Shame on you Extrememoto and Amazon !
 I made a mistake and ordered the wrong type of air filter.I had no problems with the order though .
 According to the dropdowns , this filter is what fits on a 2008 Ford Escape Hybrid ... guess what , it does n't . Got it like 20 minutes ago - went outside to put it on and nada . I rated a 1 Star for that reason . Amazon shipping was great ... Amazon is great . But now I have to return this filter and get another . Already found it at Amazon .
 Used item ?????????? This little item is certaintly useful to me , yet am very disappointed that it is a `` used '' and not new item . First problem is I had to repaint the entire piece to cover the scratches it had from a previous owner . Second , there are drill marks where someone attempted to give the mounting holes a countersink shape .
 While the box has the same picture -LRB- orange gasket , metal frame , metal screen -RRB- , the one inside was not the same . Has the metal frame , but a black gasket and no metal screen . If the screen is something you care about , be warned .
 Bought this product by seeing the reviewa . I tried to remove stains on the carpet but of no use and it made it worse by spreading . Waste of money . . even though the product costs less . . the shipping is waste . . Totally unsatisfied with product
 this is the best product we ever tried on our carpets and rugs . We received a sample of this product from one of our friends in the hardware business.We first tried it on our carpeting that had some long time pet stains . We followed the directions and to our amazement the stains just came right out.I would not hesitate to reccomend this proudct to anyone .
 After reading all of the reviews on here I thought this was a must have product to get the carpet cleaned in a few spots so i could get my security deposit back from my landlord . Guess what first thing he said when he came in well guess we have to get the carpet cleaned to get these spots out so the product made them maybe 1 shade lighter but the stains still where there .
 This product really did clean my pet stains quite well . As long as it worked , that is . The aerosol spray has stopped working after no more than eight to ten uses . The can feels almost full when I shake it but nothing comes out . I am switching to a non aerosol product in hopes that it cleans as well as this one , but works until the can is empty .
 I used it on a 3 day old dried hand-soap stain that had been washed with water . The stain is still prominently visible after many applications .
 I had a coffee stain on my carpet in my living room and grease on my car 's carpet inside the trunk.I bought this item after I read the positive reviews , used as directed and stains are still there , worst part I ca n't return this item back to amazon , they will not take it back for safety reasons . -LRB- flammable liquid -RRB- .
 My dog stained my carpet with pee stain . So I purchased this seeing all the good reviews . It did n't really work out for me .
 took forever to arrive and when it did it let us down . Did nothing for a tea stain on a cream carpet . not even lighten it . might be good for other things though , who knows
 I used this EXACTLY as directed ; even used a brush like they said . It did n't work AT ALL on fresh coffee spill or any easy stains . I did it more than once as well . Resolve worked more and that says a lot b/c that stuff does n't get anything up . The smell is toxic like . Seriously , why would you spray this junk on your carpet ??? What a joke . Tossed it in the trash . Point is this cleaner works the LEAST out of the many that I have tried in the past . Do n't waste your money or energy .
 it did n't work for me.I just used on regular stains on carpets , I brushed and ran dyson vacuum cleaner over it ... did n't work .
 My husband and I used this product on a carpet area that had a water stain and I know the stain is not that old , maybe a few weeks . But , the carpet cleaner did not bring up the stain . My carpet is like a light tanish color . Not sure what product this positive reviewers are using , but it must be something different .
 does not lift stans , all it does it provide a wet medium , you can just spray some water on your carpet and will get the same effect , also btw it stinks up the place !
 I bought this product to get a rather large coffee stain out of a light-colored carpet . It did n't do it .
 I bought several cans of this carpet cleaner because it is so effective as a spot remover . However , every can from this batch was unusable due to no propellant . ERGO the can is full but will not spray ... . so useless . Not the problem of the manufacturer but whoever distributed this , should be sued . I did n't realize this affected the entire shipment until months after I bought them so I did not have the chance to return .
 I purchased this inverter from Amazon on 6-3-11 and it has seen only very light use in this time , never over 150 watts and then for only 1 hour or so at a time . Today , 6-20-12 , I went out to check it , as it has been hooked up for several weeks in an enclosed trailer to a new solar charging system , keeping several vehicle batteries charged and found it failed , with a constant alarm and internal relay cycling.I purchased this inverter after evaluating numerous inverter manufacturers fact sheets , along with Amazon reviews and finally decided on Power Bright as my larger inverter manufacturer . I see I have chosen incorrectly and now have to reevaluate my decision and select a different manufacturer .
 Voltage with no load reads 110.0 . Voltage with 240 watt load AC reads 105.0 . This low voltage may be unacceptable for use with a refrigerator .
 I expected much more from this inverter.It can not run a circular saw , can not run a belt sander , can not run a router.The only thing I could get it to run was a fan , and if I put anything else on the line , it bogs the fan and shuts off . . If it 's really 1800 peak , it should start the saw at very least , but it ca n't .
 HELLO BOUGHT THIS INVERTER SPECIFICALLY TO POWER THE 180 WATT BATTERY CHARGER THAT I USE TO POWER UP THE BATTERIES ON MY ELECTRIC MOTORCYCLE.VERY DISAPPOINTING . IT IS A 900 WATT UNIT AND WHILE IT WOULD POWER OTHER 110 VOLT APPLIANCES , IT WOULD NOT RUN THE MUCH SMALLER DRAW THAT IS REQUIRED FOR THE ABOVE MENTIONED CHARGER . ONCE THE CHARGER WAS PLUGGED INTO THIS INVERTER , THIS INVERTER WOULD START BEEPING EVERY ATTEMPT.FUTHER , I EMAILED THE COMPANY THAT MAKES THIS UNIT 2 WEEKS AGO AND I HAVE NOT HEARD FROM THEM.I BUILT MY OWM SOLAR PANELS , AND THEY WORK FINE . I PUT TOGETHER SOME 12 VOLT BATTERIES POSITIVE POSITIVE TO POSITIVE ETC. . MY GOAL WAS TO HAVE ONE SOLAR POWERED RIDE ON MY MOTORCYCLE THIS FALL BEFORE IT WAS TIME TO PUT IT AWAY.THAT DID N'T HAPPEN.I DID MY PART , BUT WAS LET DOWN BY THIS PRODUCT.END OF REVIEWRodney7777
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I purchased one of cover king 's covers for a different brand car and it did not even come close to fitting and because it was a `` custom '' cover , they would not take it back or make it right . So I have an expensive dust collector in the garage right now . Just a caution to anyone considering a custom cover from cover king purchased through auto barn . I 'll never do business with either company again , for any reason .
 I purchased this for my celica and the first remote that they sent me didnt work . i called the customer service and it took me 3 days to even get an answer then i was told to buy a new battery and try that . i spent 8 dollars on the little battery it takes and it still didnt work . they sent me a second remote and told me to send back the other one , so i did . second remote didnt work it then took me a week to get ahold of their customer service . i said i wanted to return it they told me to pay for shipping and a 10 % restocking fee . at this point ive already spent 30 dollars just to have something that doesnt work ... . very pissed at this seller !!!
 Description of item was not very good it was suppose to fit my car but I had to make a adapter to get it to work
 Compared to local OEM supplier , this compressor price appears to be a great deal . But , with no picture and no detailed description , you do n't realize that this compressor does not come with the clutch . So when you are comparing prices , be careful to add in the price of new clutch as well to get a good comparison . The savings shown in the listing are not all that great . We did get the compressor , delivered on time , but are now having to try to swap out the old clutch . Bummer .
 I bought a new FRAM G3802A in-line gasoline filter last year to replace a 12-year-old OEM gas filter on a 1996 Mercury Sable . The OEM filter was still working , but way past due for replacement , with 120,000 + miles on it.Well , the Fram gas filter only lasted 10 months and self-destructed , or collapsed inside of the metal filter casing blocking the flow of fuel.Since I have been buying Fram filters for years with good results , I was very puzzled.Checking further , and it is now stated as such on the boxes that the new Fram filters come in , I found that they are now manufactured IN China.That explains the collapse .
 Mine failed . I found the carb was clogged with fiber residue . On cutting the filter can open , I found the paper filter element was coming apart and was no longer a filter . In fact , this filter needs a filter after it.Fram no longer makes filters . They just make Fram decals to put on filters made by the lowest bid factories .
 This product easily removes excess touch up paint but I was not able to make the surface completly smooth and blended in . It could be just me but I 'm sure most people buying this do n't know how to wet sand either . I 'm just a regular joe . I would only use this to remove big blobs and then just start over with a touch up paint pen .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 The product description says 900 amps , the box says 600 amps , and my analog ammeter said 230 amps -LRB- give or take 20 , since it 's hard to be exact with an analog gauge -RRB- . It could n't even begin to crank the starter on an older , low compression , 350CI small block Chevy with a dead battery . It seems that actual cranking amps are less than 1/4 of these so called `` peak amps '' . I do n't know how they measure peak amps , but it is a very misleading measurement . Maybe they give it a zero-ohm load -LRB- dead short -RRB- for a microsecond and measure the amperage then . Also the 2 accessory plugs had the plastic molding around them sticking into the opening , causing one device I plugged in to get stuck , and break when I removed it -LRB- I have used the same device , a DC fan , in 3 other outlets , with no problems -RRB- . I had to trim the plastic so devices can plug in without damage . I tried using the compressor to fill my portable air tank to its 135-PSI max , but it started smoking at around 100 PSI -LRB- it was already at 90 , so it only put an extra 10 in it before the smoke started -RRB- . All in all , I was n't expecting 900 cranking amps for this price , but at least enough to spin the engine 2 revolutions , which would at least give all 8 cylinders a change to fire , would have been nice . The manual says the jumper cables are rated at 400 amps , but they are smaller than 4-gauge cable , which is usually used for starting systems . Oh , the 2 lights are pretty cool.Update
 This thing is a flat out scam & would not even turn my engine over once , much less start it . It failed completely the first time I actually needed it . Do not go anywhere near this turkey . I 'd give zero stars if I could .
 Less than 5 months ago I purchased one of these Jumpstart/Compressors at Kragen Auto Parts . It had a defective pressure gauge , so I immediately returned it and exchanged it for another . Today , after having only been used a few brief times to inflate tires , the compressor gave out . I also noted that one of the LED work lights was out.I just read the details of their 2 year warranty and discovered that I was required to ship the unit back to them at my expense along with a money order for $ 19.95 . I will not be doing so .
 i have a 98 ford f150 and when i ordered it it said it fit . now , when i check back it says it doesnt . im going to use it and make it work but i hate having to jerry-rig things to get them to work . at least they have fixed the site , too bad it was after i ordered it .
 I received no clips with the filter to replace the old clips . Now I have to somehow take off the old ones without damaging them . No way to contact seller . Damm you !
 Fram is trash . I have removed several fram products that were brand new and their removal and replacement with a WIX product fixed a drivability issue . please save yourself the trouble and get a WIX product like NAPA or well WIX .
 this arrived with the on/off switch dangling and the black square rim you see surrounding it on the right with the blue on/off switch loose and falling inside the case . bought 3k even though vacuum is only 2.5 k or so and with only about 5 uses -LRB- under 15 min each since only 1br apartment -RRB- it stopped functioning . the model is not supposed to have a fuse so there is n't a way i know to fix it . if anyone has suggestions , would be keen to hear them . also , the multiple adaptor is flimsy and sometimes would spark when plugged into the outlet . i never felt save with it plugged in after use so that it was always disconnected from the outlet after use . do n't waste the money on this brand !
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 Not shipped as shown on photo . No brackets to keep it in place . They want to sell you a floor mat that will roll up under your feet , blocking the pedals and cause you to wreck and die . This company sucks really bad .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 these mats are poorly designed/made because the plastic is warped and there is no way to securely attach them to concrete -LRB- even with stickies -RRB- .
 My father had this product when it first came out -LRB- the originals -RRB- . They were made of a rubbery plastic that was more rubbery than plastic -LRB- flexible even -RRB- . The pair I received about a year ago is made of hard plastic -LRB- no rubber feel about them -RRB- . This smooth plastic slides around REALLY easy.The design is supposed to be such that the 3-4 inch lead on the mats -LRB- before the first bump -RRB- is under your tire and holds down the mat -LRB- in place -RRB- using your car tire and weight , however , for my situation , I have to curve/turn into my garage . This means that my wheels are not straight and continue turning once I am in the garage/spot to straighten them out -LRB- for pulling out of the garage next time -RRB- . I think the mats would still work `` okay '' if you pull straight in and straight out -LRB- no turning of the tires at all -RRB- , but if you turn the wheel even the slightest , the mats move A LOT.My father 's older mats did stick to the concrete some because of the old material . These are a great idea and the older versions worked great -LRB- reason I gave it at least a 2 star rating -RRB- . I would suggest the manufacturer rethink the choice of material and until then , be careful of how you plan to use this inventive product .
 The mats move as the tire rolls over the first bump . This makes them useless as garage parking markers .
 This is made of plastic . It does not lay flat on the floor and slides easily . No adhesive came with product . Not useful unless secured to floor .
 These plates are not red . Not even close . They were almost completely orange . I wonder what the orange ones look like ...
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 This product works well if you want to strip paint . Do not use this product if you have any paint on your wheels that you want to keep there
 I bought this for my husband to polish my car 's headlights which are turning yellow . He said the fabric of the ball was n't right for the job . It was taking him longer to polish the lights with this product than it took him to do it by hand . So now he uses the ball to clean my rims , but even then the ball is too big .
 This thing is an even bigger rip off than Mothers `` PowerMetal '' . I expected a fairly heavy duty , functional tool for the price . Surprise , surprise , it 's a cheap piece of junk . Within a minute of using it , the crappy ball came detached from the shaft -LRB- oops , I guess it 's made to rotate in ONLY ONE DIRECTION -RRB- . The junk foam is off center , so , the thing flops around on the work piece like a carp out of water . Pass by this one and get a decent polishing wheel .
 not what i expected , i thought it would be a little more hightech , more powerful . Not sure it is worth it for the price .
 Bought the Mini PowerBall to do the aluminum wheels on my motorcycle after I tried the regular PowerBall and found it WAY too big to get into all the areas I needed to . Even the Mini was difficult to get into some areas . I wish Mother 's would make a Micro or Nano version.The ball worked well with the Billet Polish to get a mirror shine in most areas . However , I would caution you to take your time and use only light to light-medium pressure on the ball because it did n't take too long before it began to tear apart on the inner folds and start thumping around on the surface , making it useless . I had to buy another in order to finish the job and it was starting to tear by the time I was done . Not very cost-effective . BTW , I have used cotton buffing wheels with the compound bars and the like in the past in order to buff various metals and had already used that method here before using the Mini PowerBall and Billet Polish for the final step in the process . So I was n't trying to grind away at a rough , dull surface with this PowerBall , just bringing up the shine to as close to chrome as possible .
 Dont waste your money on this until mothhers makes refills for this . Its expensive up front which would be ok if it came with another mini ball you can purchase but mothers has decided to discontinue making the refills . why ????? I have no idea .
 This antenna technically fits , but does n't use the same mounting as the stock antenna . -LRB- 2002 toyota celica -RRB- . I do n't feel it is stable and needs tightening on occasion even though I used an additional rubber washer which helped out some . I am not sure if you can find better , but I would try .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 Picture of Hedman 88400 headers shows long-tube headers - they are actually ` shorty ' headers . Picture -LRB- s -RRB- should represent actual product !! I had to send my order back and reorder .
 IT DOES N'T FIT ! It arrived quickly & I was so excited.IT DOES N'T FIT ! I challenge anyone to get it to work on the rear hatch strut of a 2001 Toyota Celica GT . Thexton should have bored the hole out more . What a bunch of MORONS.Hey , Thexton -- why do n't you fix the problem & send me a couple for free ?
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 not as pictured , look on line for the item # to see what you get.not as pictured , look on line for the item # to see what you get .
 I used these for awhile on my 99 Taurus ... Until i did some research and found out Frams are the bottom of the barrel . They use poor filter media , cardboard endcaps where the industry standard is metal , have poor burst strength , poor flow and lack of anti-drainbackvalve . Avoid all of these filters - Fram Extra Guard , Fram Tough Guard , Fram Double Guard , Fram High Mileage , Pennzoil , Quaker State ; They are all Honeywell and cheap . Anything is better than those.I recommend Purolator Pure Ones if you want top performance for a not so crazy price , but the Motorcraft filters are usually Purolator pureones anyways , so go with those for your Ford . Others i recommend , Wix , Napa Gold , Carquest , AC Delco , or if you have the money the K&N ; and Mobil 1 filters are top choices too.If you change your oil every 3k miles and do n't drive hard they will be better than not using any filter at all , which is why i gave them an honest 2 starts , but put your hard earned money where it belongs ; in a quality oil filter.I am never putting another Fram filter on my car again !
 It was so convenient that Amazon provided pull-down menus to help you find the perfect filter for your vehicle . Too bad it 's the wrong filter.This filter does not fit a 2004 Ford Escape 3.0 XLT no matter what they say . I needed to purchase something for around $ 4.00 at Christmastime to get free shipping . Although I did n't need it yet , I ordered the filter . Now it 's February , past the return date , and the filter does n't fit . Just be careful when using Amazon 's part finder .
 i am not here to tell people what to buy or what not to buy . it is a 4 dollar part that is used to protect your engine , which might be thousands of dollars if it break in anyway.i highly recommend people search youtube videos using tags like oil filter compare , or something similar . there are tons and tons videos of people who crack open numerous oil filters and show you the inside . simply put , Fram is always , ALWAYS , the most cost cutting and worse out of any filter comparison that i have seen to date . -LRB- side note , Honda 's oil filter look just like Fram , but cost double , what a bunch of blood suckers -RRB- spend a little extra now , can save you a lot later . my advice .
 The standard Fram oil filters are considered one of the poorest quality oil filters on the market . They have cardboard internal end caps and irregular filter medium held together by clips . These are constructed in Canada and quality control does n't seem all that good . As someone else mentioned , go to YouTube and look up `` oil filter comparisons '' - you 'll see how inferior Fram is compared to other brands . I used Fram for years , but will not buy any more after seeing these dramatic comparisons !
 Fram is trash . I have removed several fram products that were brand new and their removal and replacement with a WIX product fixed a drivability issue . please save yourself the trouble and get a WIX product like NAPA or well WIX .
 I bought it to inflate my road bike tires -LRB- 100/110PSI -RRB- The inflator does not go over 70PSI . Useless !
 ca n't say it 's the best . is n't the worst either . do n't think we 'd buy another though .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 The gaskets do not fit my 3.1 malibu being that my 3.1 's plenum was made a bit larger than this one so if you have the larger sized 3.1 engine do not get this it will not fit
 Box had been opened , then taped closed . Sloppily.Missing one upper plenum gasket.Both lowers were bent , but not kinked , so I could use them after straightening.Had to run to GM to buy plenum gasket . They come in a set.So I have an extra lower plenum gasket.I guess I could have put that in the package and returned it.But I do n't do that kind of thing , even if it was done to me.Sour experience with Amazon , but unusual.DON ' T PAWN OFF OPEN BOX AS NEW !!!!! I wo n't be buying gasket sets from Amazon any more .
 This product came in a crushed box , It looked like it had been run over with with the p.o.s truck it came out of . So I unbox this CPU Which in the add said `` remanufactured '' this part what full of dirt and oil it looked as tho they yanked it out of a junk yard put it in the box and shipped it . The bolts had never even been touched by a tool , FALSE ADVERTISMENT in the fullest this part not worth the money to become just as usefull as a paper weight severely disappointed .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 this product looks good , but u do n't gt wat u seen ... . from experience this product is every expensive , actual price should be $ 10.00 or removed from amazon for customer protection ... the grip looks like som1 jst glued the product / very thin ... . think i got a faulty pakage
 I tried twice to get this to seal to the intake but it would always leak.I put the old one back on and it sealed the first time.It 's a nice product and I 'm far from being new to installing them but thisone gave me fits.Woody
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I got this and it did n't charge my daughters 4 - wheeler !!!! I 'm not sure if it is this charger or if the batterie is bad :-LRB- I ca n't afford a batterie to when my daughter has almost grown out of her fisher price 6 volt four wheeler :-LRB- she has never been able to use it . We got it and the charger burned up in a fire in when we were moving . Everything including my truck burnt to the ground . : -LRB-
 Will not fit your 1996-2000 Civic 2 door . At all !! Quality is beyond cheap . Fit is non-existent . Product requires you to wedge plastic lip up under weather stripping , but plastic lip is twice the size of the weather stripping . Piece of junk do not waste your money .
 This smokeless ashtray not only did n't suck the smoke into the filter , but it blew it back out . There also is very little room for the cigarette butt to be put out . I spent more money on this one smokeless ashtray than I did on purchasing 2 from another seller of which I was very pleased . I would not recommend this product .
 This item was an exciting idea , but it stopped there . After receiving 2 of these items , both were tried and very little , if any smoke made it to the filter , even when holding a cigarette within an 1/8 of an inch from the intake . Usage of this item even as only a simple ashtray is not possible as the holders are so small that any cigarette of normal size does not fit.The item is made of what is clearly the cheapest materials and it shows in the workmanship . The plastic housing , wiring , battery cap and filter are reminiscent of that cheap 1 or 2 dollar toy car with lights one finds and discount stores.The practical application of this &#34; smokeless &#34; ashtray will leave you smoked out , and frustrated , with only a waste of your time and money .
 This Product is only good for after market alarm systems . I tried to use it for my factory alarm system and it will not work . Just blinks blue really dim .
 Delivered quickly . Item does NOT scan as described on any DEI system -LRB- Avital/Clifford/Viper -RRB- - it just flashes 1 LED . Very disappointed . Too much work to return it . Lesson learned .
 This item is very heavy . The bottom tongue Sticks out from the bumper real far , this keeps you from driving off road into dips and valleys . I would not buy this product unless you have a truck with a lift kit . I had to modify mine to make it user friendly and more theft proof . However this product secures the 4 wheeler very well .
 i was hoping that it can reduce dust in the car . . but it is making more ... and it does not fit well .
 They accept the payment , but never sent the Item.Now I have to cancel after three weeks of waiting.unbelievable but true , do not send e-mail to keep you informed .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Did not fit , had no instructions & ripped . The skews to mount between the windshied & driver side window did not align . The cable tore & I 'm without radio now.Thank for nothing.Do not buy this product .
 I was looking for this antenna because no one sells Toyota -LRB- Celica/Paseo -RRB- antennas anymore . And , factory direct ones are waaaaay overpriced ! I found this antenna by this seller for around $ 13 dollars . I had waited for a couple of months , and when I looked agin the price was the same -- the `` only -LRB- -RRB- left '' is always there on the page -- so I purchased it . Then three days later I get an email that they are out of the antennas so my order is cancelled , but I can re-order and the price is now more than $ 18 dollars ! WTH ?!! This is really lame , and I will never order from this vendor , period ! It is really bad business and really aggravating when vendors have products just sitting and waiting until someone is interested -LRB- most products have very few buyers -RRB- , then make up excuses about why the order ca n't go through -- only to change the price because NOW someone is interested . Really scummy .
 it looks good and seems to work ok but after a month the 2 black o rings get brittle and fall off . this happened to my radiator cap , power steering cap and bolt caps with the o rings .
 I would n't purchase this product if I were you . The reasons are simple , insufficient instructions , lack of customer/technical support -LRB- unless you are a dealer -RRB- and the product was defective out of the box .
 I bought this item last august to run fans at an outdoor flea market . It worked great last year we used it until the end of september and put it up for the winter . When I tried to use it yesterday may 24th it no longer works . Will try customer service and see if they stand behind what they sell .
 Me using the Cobra inverter started off great . Used a varible speed drill and a jig saw with no problems . Returned from a short break and blew a fuse , and blowing the fuse out is what is was supposed to do because of the mistake I made . I then tried finding the 50 amp spade fuse at several locations , even the place Cobra referred me to did n't have it listed online anymore . I spent half a day searching for the fuse with no luck . Their inverter with only one good fuse is useless unless you need a large paperweight .
 The picture is wrong , the titile is wrong . This book has nothing to do with V6 Blazer but for all Checy full size V8 trucks . In case you return , the seller will make money on the shipping .
 Cuts out when DC voltage is still well above the cutoff voltage specified . So it becomes less useful than specified .
 This power inverter is a great deal , but do n't try to charge a laptop with it!For some reason this power inverter will not function properly when charging our laptop , the primary reason it was purchased . There was a warning in the manual about certain types of battery chargers , but it mentioned cordless power tool batteries , not laptops . The power consumption of the laptop charger seems to put it well within the technical limitations of the unit.When I first purchased the unit I connected it to a battery and plugged in a 120VAC light and it worked great so I 'm sure the unit is functioning.Other than the laptop charging issue , the inverter appears to be well made and the included carry case is nice . I was a little disappointed that you have to use terminal posts to connect either the cig lighter plug or alligator clips . Seems like a plug-in connector would be sufficient and a whole lot easier to do . That 's a small issue , though.I probably would n't buy it again , but the price is right and I 'm sure I 'll find a use for it in the future so I 'm not really sorry I have it .
 Do n't buy this Cobra model . I had a Vector invertor 400 for 10 years , went bad order a Cobra 450 because of price $ 30.00 no shipping . Unit was defective , returned it $ 8 shipping , replaced it with like kind , defective , $ 8 return , letter from Amazon widespread problem with this model , could not replace it . Re-fund my money , ordered a Vector $ 38 plus $ 10 shipping . Got email no refund on 2nd Cobra replacement order placed 2 months without , could have bought a unit in town for $ 45 go figure .
 Amazon has no feed back on purchase , and UPS terminal unlisted number unresponsive so I can not report that I never received a delivery that was suppose to be put in my front door . In all accouts , this is probably a very good device , but since UPS dumped my package instead of delivering it , and nobody seems to want to present an avenue for communications , I find this the only way to communicate . This may well be the end of business with both Amazon and UPS for this reason . The only option left is to stop payment at credit card level , and let them try to figure it out ! Grrrr .
 I bought a Ford Ranger with the black running boards . Tube type . The truck had 8,000 miles on it when I got it . When Spring came I noticed some small rust spots on them . I gave them a quality repair job . The next Spring I noticed the rust was ten times as bad . Fixed that too . The next year I had to give up . It seems the rust was comming from inside . It seems the metal they used was not properly treated to resist rust . Now that I look around I see that other people with Westin running boards like mine also share this problem . If you must buy from Westin , stick with the chrome ones .
 the product ordered arrived quickly but where do wrong match for my 2004 acuru TL.returning them was no problem.second time same thing happened , wrong size !!! before trying again I got correct set number from weathertech themselves and third time was the charm.finally the right size but had too much trouble mounting front deflectors.windows would auto stop and could not close without great stress to window and mechinism.returned all items back for refund with no problems with amazon.maybe the sensors on autotrack windows are too responsive , but I would not recommend this type for my car good luck
 Purchased this set for a 2006 chev silverado 2500hd , it fit the front windows but not the back windows , they were for a full size window , not extended cab .
 I ordered a side window deflector for my 2003 Nissan Murano . I received the wrong item . It was for several different makes/models - but not for the year/make/model I ordered . I returned the item describing what was wrong and providing the right year/make/model again . The replacement I received was once again the wrong item . This time I returned it and did not ask for a replacement but for a refund . I would NEVER order anything from these guys again !
 I will have to return this product . I was assured it would fit my 60/40 seats on my 1998 Ford Ranger pickup . When they arrived they did n't fit . They should get their products straight . Beware of these .
 El manual es muy generico e impractico . Lo primero que busque fue informacion sobre el actuador de los ejes frontales para diagnosticar y no hay absolutamente nada sobre este actuador ... !!!!!!!!!!
 The Clock face looks & functions great . The lighting in the clock is not capable of lighting the clock face . This clock was to replace an old Auto Meter clock that was no longer adjustable , the case & structure where easy to trade out . I am not sure why but the old clock illumination was good & the new one is pathetic . If this is a sample of Auto Meters current products I will need to find a new manufacturer for my future gauge needs .
 Even in my old Land Rover , with no soundproofing whatsoever , I can hear this clock ticking while I drive . At night , the illumination is practically zero , just like the rating I give this gauge .
 All of my gauges are Auto Meter Z-series . So when I read the reviews on this clock being too dim , I kinda cringed because having gauges that do n't match look downright stupid . So I bought the gauge and true to the other reviews , the gauge is so dimly lit , it is unbelievable that AM would actually put this clock out on the market . I swapped in a new bulb , same effect . Compared to the two other gauges that are next to it , it looks like the bulb is dimmed and going out.So to reiterate
 over priced junk . to dim . no nomenclature on overall size etc. . Amazon being a fraud operation at times wo n't let you get the real information on this product . Hoping you wo n't return it .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 My beef is not with the seller in this instance . Amazon gave the assurance that the product was the exact fit for the car specified . This was way off the mark as in fact these rotors will not fit the E Class Mercedes . I am now stuck with two rotors that fit the C Class.As a long time user of the Amazon service I will admit that I have been quite satisfied over the years . It is now twice in six ` months that I have been disappointed . I suggest you tighten up on the system of verifying that auto parts do match the vehicle specified .
 Major gimmick with sizing since amazon.com is not listing manufacturer part numbers , but its own . Their sizing chart has major errors and the send rotors were for different model that I entered into system.There is nobody to talk to how to correct the errors.Got full refund , so this is good part , but what a headache.Rotors looks good , but were not usable for me because of amazon screw up .
 i bought a set , they where to small in size . they do not fit the front of a mercedes clk 55 amg
 I have a Dell laptop . This inverter provides sufficient power to recharge the battery while I drive . But it ` cuts out ' if I try to turn on the laptop to use it in the vehicle . The information on Amazon.com does n't make clear the limitations of this product .
 First off , this thing was almost too long to fit between the `` lighter '' and other parts of the vehicle . I bought this to power my laptop on a trip , and it worked fine on the way out . On the way back though , the power kept cutting out randomly as said in another review . When I unplugged to , it fell apart . For the rest of the trip it kept falling apart , and eventually I lost the internal spring and could n't re-assemble it . It was the worst thing I have ever bought
 I read a bunch of reviews of this product before purchasing . Most were pretty positive about how good this product worked . I was hesitant but ordered anyway.The first problem was I could not use it on the face shield I had wanted to clean up -LRB- even though the reviews were about face shields -RRB- . Since I had the product I figured I would try it on a couple of other items , but it did nothing . I followed the directions exactly , I tried it twice to be sure and nothing . It did not remove even the slightest of scratches . It does clean -LRB- remove dust -RRB- nicely , but I can buy a cleaner for less money.Do not bother , it does n't work . I have no idea what the positive reviewers used it on , but it was a waste for me.Compliments to Amazon for taking the product back and issuing a full refund -LRB- including shipping -RRB- .
 I bought this product to remove some small scratches from my motorcycle helmet . The cleaner was reasonably good - nothing Windex would n't do , but the scratch remover was absolutely worthless . I applied it several times without it removing even the slightest scratches . It is a waste of money .
 This stuff is expensive , and hardly worth it . Half of each bottle of novus 1 , 2 and 3 , two of their little ` polish mates , ' and an hour of my time could n't take out a few minor , already almost invisible scratches on my GBA . The end result , after all the polishing , buffing , and repeating?No discernable difference whatsoever.I wasted half of this stuff I could have gotten the same result with windex and a paper towel , for all the good it did . Extremely disappointing . I went out of my way to get the Novus polish , -LRB- and basically wasted 20 $ on this useless junk , -RRB- since all of the reviews I read claimed it was this miraculous , magical product ... Do n't believe it for a second .
 I read many reviews before buying this product from Amazon specifically to repair damaged Wii games . This product did not come with paper instructions . Only directions on each bottle label . After following the directions and repeatedly polishing and cleaning 1-Disc several times , the scratches were not buffed away and the gloss was removed from the game disc . The manufacturer claims that CDs and DVDs are repaired , cleaned and polished but did not do come close to that for me . The 2-stars is that amazon allowed me to return it soon after I recieved it .
 I searched long and hard for a product whose title was , `` Plasma tv screen scratch repair '' and I thought I had found it . If you type that phrase in the Amazon search bar , this product is the first product to appear.Great reviews so I figured , this is finally it.I got it in the mail from Amazon and read and reread the instructions and what happens ? Scratches still there and my screen is ruined ! It takes the protective coating off of the screen and does nothing for the scratches.No customer service from Amazon as this is from a third party seller . I have contacted the manufacturer and was basically told that I have to contact the distributor ... after contacting them , I get an automated email telling me to contact Amazon.com.I am SOOOOOO Not happy !
 First of all , I did n't need all I ordered . I should have looked more closely to what I was buying . After trying the product on a cell phone case with both grades of scratch remover and the polish I was not to impressed . Because of the gritty compound it just added finer scratches .
 Other forums noted that this would help get scratches out of the Blackberry screen . It did not . In fact , it put additional scratches in the screen which distort the display . I would strongly suggest that this product not be used on display screens of any kind.The documentation received with the product is just a brochure and does not mention how it works on display screens . This is a major flaw in the instructions provided with the product .
 We receive sunglasses by the box , a few have minor scratches . The polish from 1 to 3 did little , but not enough to make them sell able . I believed in the product and ordered two sets to receive free shipping -LRB- orders over $ 25.00 -RRB- . The product did not help and I was charged shipping .
 I ordered this product based in some reviews and I have no words to express my total disapointment ... The number three is nothing else than a cleaner , similar to any LCD cleaner , that does no more than water alone . Number three is very rough , and number two do not offer a fine polish , not better at least than any auto detailing product of the market . Mother 's scratch remover or McGuire 's scratch-x work far better for example ... First let me say that I 'm very familiar with polishing techniques , as I 'm an auto detailer , I got this one to polish the trim of an LCD TV , that the products I have refuse to finish properly , but the scratches lead to a haze blemish after using the number two , and what initially was a fine scratch now has become an hazed spot , impossible to remove . NOT EVEN AN ELECTRIC BUFFER FIXES IT NOW !!! If you want to restore plastic any auto detailing product will work far better than this product , the polishing cloth are nothing more than a glorified paper towel pieces , that 's it . I was expecting at least a microfiber towel , nope , a paper towel period ... Resuming , number three is too rough , number two does not polish what number three does , and number one is nothing else than a LCD water based cleaner ... Stay away from this rip off , you will be better served by any auto detailing product , that are cheaper and easier to find ...
 Technically speaking , it is a cleaner not a scratch remover . It can make almost all plastic material shiny and looks like new but you still can see the scratch on it .
 I followed the instructions to the tee with the attempt of getting the haze out of my Isinglass . My work was not successful and very disappointing .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Put them on a 2008 Subaru STI in the high beams which are sent partial voltage when my headlamps are not on -LRB- during day driving -RRB- . I purchased them August 29th , 2012 and the driver side bulb burned out September 21st , 2012 . Not a very long life when they are rated at stock voltage ... For the price , which I guess you could say was cheap , I might try them again only because I like the color , but I would not recommend them to anyone else.TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- STARS search for a better solution .
 This unit was as bad as the original I was replacing.I had to purchase a new one from local Auto Store , which I should of done in the first place . I guess I learned from making a bad choice .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 the westin 63000 fey diamondstep black rear utility bumper did not fit . the holes would not lined up and brackets were incorrect .
 i bought this thinking it was the one pictured and it totally is n't hopefully i get my money back as i feel it is not fair that it does not even come close to the picture .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I loved the view , you see so much more . But when the sun got in my eyes , and I went to put my sun visor down , no dice ! There was no way of positioning the mirror or visor so that they both worked at the same time . Lots of squinty eyes and dangerous sun in your eyes was not worth the extra view in the back -LRB- what you need to see in front of you is more important , I concluded -RRB- .
 The bracket design is really poor . Seems like it would only fit a mirror that is a 1/4 '' thick and about 3 inch in height . I tried to put it in my 2009 Scion xD and it does not fit because my mirror is 1/2 '' thick . The plastic surrounding the mirror glass is not smooth , it 's actually too big for the glass also , so it shows the rough edges in the inside -LRB- the glass edges showing on one side -RRB- . The worst part is , the glass broke on me when I try to rig it to work with my mirror . Stay away from this item . Way too pricey even if it will work for you . I did not have it working so I ca n't write a review on how well it works or not : /
 this bumper was advertised to fit a 97 dakota , it comes without mounting brackets and does not fit the brackets on the truck-to modify the brackets they must be torch cut approx 2 '' and completely redrilled -- very unhappy with this product !!
 I was charged freight for bumper that was listed as the one that fit my vehicle.I check their limited listing Amazon provided - this is the bumper!When I got the bumper 3 '' to short . Did some research found ther are 2 bumpersfor my vehicle . Got the right bumper from Quality Bumper in Phoenix.I find this is a poor way of doing business Amazon.I stuck to your system andI 'm the one that got stuck!So long AmazonFrank Hawkridge
 We purchased this item thinking we had a really good deal when we purchased this item.First of all we got a totally different color than the picture . -LRB- Color was not a big deal -RRB- Then , this bumper did not fit the vehicle , When I tried to return this item or even replace it with one that fits , I called the seller and gave me run around over and over.I tried calling and calling no answer , Tried to leave a message , answering machine was full therefore , I was unable to leave a message.After trying to get a hold of this company finally somebody answered only to put me on hold for over 30 minutesThe only response I got was we will send u an e-mail with instruction on how to retun the item.Several days later ... I 'm still waiting for that e-mail ugh
 Date of this review shows the purchase date not the date I wrote it.EDIT
 The first thing you need is a vehicle that is either positively or negatively switched . Honda uses relays such that there is neither ground , nor power when it 's off , so you 'll need a different setup.I went through the trouble of rewiring the H4 bulbs through a relay , and making them +12 v switched -LRB- having constant ground -RRB- which reassured me that the DRL module was being used as intended.When all was said and done , the module passes through 12v all the time , even with the IGN off . Amazon sent me a second with similar -LRB- not the same -RRB- results . I was extra careful , since H4 bulbs have high and low filaments -LRB- if you trigger both , you 'll burn the bulb out -RRB- , so I 'm just not going to bother with this module further and probably go with something from Hamsar instead . Too bad Amazon does n't sell them , since it 's always excellent to deal with Amazon.Even if the product had worked as designed , there 's a couple of things that I found displeasing :1 -RRB- Wire gauge could have been higher for supply wires2 -RRB- Two DRL-out wires should have been provided , one for each bulb3 -RRB- One of the DRL wires should be at least 6ft , allowing you to not have splices anywhere except where it contacts the wire .4 -RRB- If they would have included splicing information for newbies , it would have been better -LRB- DEI does that with their products -RRB- -- the Scotch Lock is a tenuous link into any system that may have the wires moved or get moist ; a proper splice and solder would give people better results .
 This product has a label on it which says `` Made in China '' whereas on Amazon.com it is stated that the product is manufactured in the U.S.A.Also , the intensity of the lamps are not reduced to 75 % , but stays the full 100 % . - DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT -
 I got the product and it installed easy enough , but it lasted thru april 18 then it quit working . it had the inputs needed but no output . do n't buy it
 Auto barn has and image of drilled Brembo rotors . When I purchased them they are not as shown thaey are normal type rotors not drilled . My mistake was not in opening the box when they arrived and not reading the fine print of the add . Much to my dismay to find out that Auto barn will not allow me to return them it was over their time limit.My fault and theirs I will not return .
 thought i was going to get all 4 windows , but it just included the back sides ... picture shows front as primary and a cutoff shot of the rear side ... will return .
 This company sells other kits . They may be fine . This one is awful . The insertion tool is flimsy and does not have a smooth curve for the plug to ride out on , there is no awl included , and the rubber plugs do not have any tensile strength whatsoever , so they will break off instead of allowing the tool to push them in . This is n't helped much by the sharply machined edges on the insertion tool , but the plugs are so inferior even using a better tool will not help .
 Nice that they include rain covers in the zippered pockets , but otherwise these gloves are crap . One month after I got mine a seam started tearing in the right glove . Now , 6 -LRB- ? -RRB- months later , the leather is just falling apart on both gloves . Save your money and buy something else .
 Everything I have ordered from Jafrum has been way too small . I ordered the largest size available . I had to give them to my son , since I could n't get my hands in them
 I used the gloves less than 5 times and the stitching was coming apart . Only ised while riding so there was no heavy usage . Not recommened
 This glove is worth the money , except they were too small . I ordered 3xxx large , and could barely get my hand in them . Shipping was prompt .
 The starter I purchased is the correct size and fits perfectly with my 1994 Infiniti Q45 . The major problem is a noise the starter makes every time my car starts . My car does start and continues running , but when initially starting up the starter creates a long loud grinding noise . There are no other reviews of this starter , so this issue is worrying me . -- Written January 14 , 2011The starter completely failed me 6 weeks ago , coming home from the grocery store . Because of school and my job I have not been able to consult anyone about this issue . I use my car often , but not for distances over 25 miles . I am not sure if it is the starter or another problem . But having slight hesitation in my car starting , since the new starter , allows me to reasonably assume that it is my starter . I will update once the problem is fully diagnosed . -- Written December 11 , 2011
 picture was an exhaust tip . what I got was a water pump gasket for a car I do n't own . Do n't waste your time .
 I was looking at exhoust tips which this items pic is of . I sent an email after I ordered it and realised the description disnt match the photo but it still has same photo over a month later . Its not just their falt I should have read beter but it is their fault if anyone else gets screwed because I told them
 the picture and description of this product does not correspond to the product I received . Actual item is a rubber stamp for pontiac thermostat identified with the number 35126 . http://www.amazon.com/Fel-Pro-35126-Gaskets-Thermostat-Seal/dp/B000C2CA7C/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1347633131&sr=8-2&keywords=35126+felpro
 This item will smell for about 2 weeks and then you have to smell for the sent.I will say buy a different product.RAL T
 This item will smell for about 2 weeks and then you have to smell for the sent.I will say buy a different product.RAL T
 it is advertised as a high quality chrome like finish , my el cheapo bench grinder stand made in China has a better finish on it . it was supposed to have a hardware pack which it did not have , I thought at first it had a silver chrome look alike paint job with a lot of runs in it but those are pits , casting lines , and numerous grinder scratches deep in surface . I have the equipment that will clean these up and get all the numerous blemishes out of it if you do n't have the equipment I would look elsewhere for a light bar I really like the idea and can finish these like they were supposed to be finished but I will not buy a Carr product again High quality makes me laugh , I have since writing te above installed it the whole thing was warped , and took it back off laid it on a surface plate which is perfectly flat , the whole thing is twisted so I spent a long time making shims installing and uninstalling it until I got it to look half way square to itself I really made a bad decision buying this item and another bad decision polishing and mounting it up I should have just returned it right off my regrets had I not have drilled the holes and polished it up before I learned it was warped I would have returned it I regret this transaction totally
 ordered 2 sets each are different vehicles , got one that worked fine the other was for my wifes 06 chevy cobalt `` SEDAN '' they sent one for a coup 2dr , wrote them got nothing back owe well ...
 i was not happy when I received this product . The picture on the website clearly shows 2 eyelets at the bottom of the floormat to be able to fit over the hook in the floor of my vehicle . -LRB- to keep it form sliding -RRB- When I received the floormat set they were obviously a cheaper knock off without the eyelets .
 ITEM CAME WITH NO INSTRUCTIONS TO INSTALL . SELLER WOULD NOT RESPOND TO EMAILS TO RETURN ITEM . VERY UNHAPPY WITH PURCHASE . FOR NOW ON I WILL BUY FROM THE STORE WHERE I CAN RETURN IT . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 rediculously to long to wait . Does my 80.00 prime membership do anything ? what is going on ? Were is my air filter ?
 I have a set mounted on a KTM 950 Adventure . They were the only aux light housing that was small enough for my application but I think I need to look for something else that 's not as fragile . I 've gone about 20k miles of mostly on road touring but lots of dirt/gravel roads as well with these lights.I 've had the 1100x on my bike for about 14 months and I 've gone thru 3 bulbs and a left housing because the inside wiring fell apart and you ca n't just replace the wire . The only good thing was that PIAA warrantied the bulbs and housing but it does n't really help when I 'm riding on a backroad at night to find that I only have one driving lamp . Only one of the bulbs burned out . The connecting pins on bulb of the other two broke at the base . The replacement bulbs are $ 40 each . Glad they were warrantied but it 's silly that they could n't just use H3 or other similar bulb.The reflectors are not very good either . They just throw a lot of light everywhere . There is no cut-off so you can blind oncoming traffic . Before I upgraded my headlight to HIDs , I rode with the PIAAs on all the time but they were pointed about 15 ' in front of the bike . Now I have them adjusted normally but do n't use them unless there 's very little traffic.When another bulb goes out , I 'll be looking to replace the whole system rather than pay $ 40 for bulbs that will surely fail in another 3-6 months with limited use .
 If you are looking for a far reaching , concentrated beam this is not the light for you . If you drive many winding , mountain or back country roads where you do n't out-drive your high beams then this is probably the light you 're looking for . They provide good light to the sides and there may be some light down range but they are n't noticeable over my stock high beams . Quite honestly , the only difference I see when I turn them on while using my high beams is a bit more shoulder light and good vision of the trees - and yes , they are aimed correctly.Wiring is straight forward and there was plenty of harness to run the switch into the cabin . The switch is a small push button type with green/red LED -LRB- green with power to the switch but lights are off and red when lights are on -RRB- . The switch is mounted using double faced tape with no privisions for a screw mount . If you need to mount the light assemblies upside down and want to keep the PIAA logo upright , be careful repositioning the light bulb in the housing - the contacts at the rear of the bulb are very small and fragile ! At $ 30 to $ 40 a bulb you do n't want to damage them!Many of the reviews I read praised these lights but there were many inconsistencies . Some folks were using them as high beam assistance and many were using them as low beam assistance -LRB- motorcycles -RRB- . I wanted something to compliment my high beams so I called PIAA to verify their recommended use . I was told by the company the only use the 1100X is intended for is `` high beam assistance only '' . Maybe this explains why I 'm blinded by so many motorcycles .
 I bought these lights to fill in the black holes left and right of the single narrow high beam halogen headlamp on a 2008 Triumph Sprint ST. Not much help because the beams are not focused ; a lot of light scatters to the sides and overhead ; little reaches out to 100 ft. Small size does make for flexible installation options .
 Did not work on my Yamaha XT-350 ... Instructions state it is for a kick only Harley . Amazon description did not state what bikes it is for .
 Dorman 42002 states 5.5 inches but it is only like an 1.5 '' . I needed the long one alas this did not work .
 Much too large ! . I liked the piece . But my daughter refused to but anything that large into her car . we sent it back .
 I really ca n't rate this item because I never received it . I was sent something else by mistake , was told I would be sent the correct item ... and still have not received it . I am not pleased at all with the services .
 I paid a premium price for these floor mats , and I am not at all impressed .1 . No hole for the factory anti-skid hook2 . No &#34; spikes &#34; on the bottom to keep them in place3 . Color is totally off4 . fit is just barely close -LRB- ordered custom fit floor mats -RRB- I paid over $ 100 for these floor mats and expected much better . I am totally unimpressed by these extremely expensive floor mats . Take a look at the list above and you can see why . I really feel ripped off . My worn out mats stayed in place when you entered/exited the vehicle , even when you vacuumed . Not these , they do n't even sit flat , let alone fit the floor pans.These are thick floor mats , they appear well made . That 's it . Should you want to put them at your front door I 'm sure you will get compliments . Not in my Eddie Bauer Explorer . Not even close . Live and learn .
 the keychain is absolutely massive . way to big to be used on most keychains . Really awkward size . but would be great if it was smaller
 Simple as that , way too big for a key chain , unless your into that kind of thing . Good quality .
 Not what expected , side curled after a few days ? Was a good fit until it curled , an we do n't get real bed weather in CA and I MAY drive only 5 miles a day , so not from excessive use . Passenger side is fine , maybe Drivers side was lemon . Would like a phone # of someone in company . Bad piece ? other than that I like them .
 I ran the year , Make and model and the system verified it was the correct part . When I received it , and removed the old one , it was not the correct part . Had to send it back , but at least Amazon payed for the shipping.Little things are bound to happen when you buy online , I still love ya Amazon . .
 It worked for 4 days then quit . It was not effective . would not recommend it . It is not worth the money
 It 's quality is cheap and poorly made . I bought two thinking it was a good deal but I threw them out after 2 days because the on/off switch did n't work . It was also very loud .
 I do n't recommend this ashtray to anyone . I was never able to use it since there were no instructions with it and I could not figure out how to put batteries in . Other people tried besides me . There was no way to contact the company as their website does n't seem to exist anymore . At least I could n't contact them after numerous attempts .
 I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED , I PURCHASED THIS AND IT CAME FAULTY , IT DID NOT WORK , I AM STILL WAITING FOR THE COMPANY TO REPLACE IT.I HAVE ALWAYS LIKED PURCHASING THROUGH AMAZON , UNTIL NOW .
 I did n't like it because the ashes get blown out all over the table by the fan . Also it is hard to get the ashtray part out to clean it .
 This smokeless ashtray took 4 `` C '' batteries that last only 2 days tops and compared to others it is very messy .
 I purchased this for my wife , who still smokes . It 's made of cheap plastic , flimsey wiring , a extreamly noisy fan and a motor that eats batteries . The upper ashtray portion is difficult to remove -LRB- must pry it off -RRB- to access the battry and filter compartment . The inside portion , -LRB- battry & filter cavities , and motor & filters area -RRB- fill up with ashes , creating a mess to clean up . Unless the batteries are new , the cigerette is centered in the tray , smoke will curle up from it entering the room . A total waste of money .
 This ashtray does work , if you keep you cigarette near it also it captures all of the smoke when the cigarette rests in the ashtray . However , it is irritatingly loud , I even tried headphones while using it , still could hear it . Also , it uses batteries quite quick , I probably smoke 10 cigarettes a day and in 2 weeks the fan was slowing enough that I needed to replace the batteries . I would think it might work well in a game area where there are multiple people talking and making noise and you are n't using it on daily basis to use the batteries up so fast .
 It did n't turn on . I had high hopes and the product is a dud .
 This radiator part number is to be a copper/brass radiator . The warehouse was called to verify it is the copper/brass part and that it was in stock . The received radiator was a inferior aluminum/plastic part . The box had the part label for the correct copper/brass radiator stuck over the label for the aluminum/plastic radiator . Amazon handled the problem well , but the second radiator was still a aluminum/plastic part . Since the vehicle was needed and 5 weeks had passed , the inferior radiator had to be installed . We have to live with an engine that runs much higher temperature then the original plugged copper/brass radiator . It is a bit sad , when correct parts are found and verified , then receiving a unwanted inferior product . The inferior product can not equal the original part . This is not a Amazon problem , as they only provide a source to purchase items . This is a manufacturing and logistic problem . It is entirely incorrect to just stick new labels with correct numbers over the top of the labels of incorrect parts . There is not an interchange . There are two specific numbers for radiators based on construction , for the same application . The correct part should be recieved after a call to the warehouse was made . For verification a box was opened for a visual inspection and verification . Still the incorrect and inferior product was received . That is not an acceptable procedure for consumers .
 The picture for this item is not correct.If you are going to sell solid rotors then show a picture of solid rotors ... NOT drilled : -LRB-
 Cuando realice la compra me enviaron un producto que NO ped&iacute; , no los recomiendo . When buying a product they sent me did not ask , do not recommend
 Cheap garbage . Clamps are thin extruded aluminum and mounts are PLASTIC . The screw threads in the clamps were so rough that they stripped when I tried to mount them - I ended up having to through bolt them . The actual signal mounts are flimsy plastic and so the signals bounce up and down all the time just from the motor vibration . These shouldnt cost more than $ 5 for the low quality .
 I bought this stand to use with a dual-purpose motorcycle , a Suzuki DRZ-400SM . The SM is lower to the ground than a dirt bike and required an inordinate amount of effort to lift . I weigh about 180 lbs and could not lift the ~ 300lb bike by standing on the lever.It requires assembly -LRB- about 30 minutes -RRB- and appears to be well-made , but may be suited only for very light dirt bikes with more than 12 '' ground clearance .
 This is a waist of money even if it was 5 bucks it still does a lossy job and does n't do the double flare correctly , It give a very thin double flare the dye 's suck who ever machine them should be shot hung dragged behind a speeding Locomotive for 500 miles Bottom line buy a tool that works even if you have to spend the money . It cost more in the long run if you have to keep doing the job over and over
 Kicking the cover is what it should be designed for ... my five year old managed to kick it enough to rip the black attachment strings off ... so I am off looking for a new one .
 This is not worth your money you can not tie the ends down . You can only strap around the headrest in newer cars .
 We purchased these seat covers for our minivan . I did not have high expectations for the price , but I was still disappointed . One of the covers ripped while it was being installed and was rendered completely useless . The other also ripped but we were able to leave it there to protect against our youngest wiping his feet on the back of my seat . I would not recommend these ; and if I had it to do again I would have spent a few more dollars for something that -LRB- hopefully -RRB- would not tear during installation .
 The bottom of these seat back protectors stay fastened with velcro sticky things . Well , the tape on the stickers are not sticky enough . I drive a bmw with plastic seat backs and they do not stick to the plastic at all leaving the bottom portion of this item useless and unsecured . I would definitely not repurchase ! I threw both of them out -LRB- I thought maybe just one of them was bad , but both sets of sticky 's were simply not sticky enough ! -RRB-
 Basically , you get what you pay for . These are cheap covers , and they protect well . But the fit to car seats is not good . I have a BMW325i and a prius 2010 , and the outer edges of these keep curling out . The adhesive on velcro at bottom is no good either.If you want something that hugs the seat nicely , look elsewhere .
 We bought these for our middle row in the van , since we recently moved our Kindergartner to the back seat . We took a road trip and I sat back there with him . The vinyl was a nasty feeling on my bare leg against the back of the middle row seat-it was sticky and made me sweaty . My 5-year-old kicked at it the whole trip and just before we got home , he said he did n't like them , pulled on the top of it and the stitching to the laces that hold it to the headrest just ripped right out.I would not buy these again.We have some gray , fabric seat protectors that we purchased at Wal-mart a couple of years ago , made by Fisher Price , but can not find those anymore . I wish we had had the foresight to buy a second set back then .
 This might have been okay but I have a BMW 650 and the cover does not fit my car . I would have returned this but it was not worth it.The coment that it attaches to any seat is kind of correct . However it does not say it fits and it does not .
 I do not recommend this product to anyone who owns a Town & Country Chrysler minivan -- does n't fit ! But a great price ... too bad .
 Yes , this product is cheap and there is a reason why , it is junk ! It does ot stay on and it does not cover the entire back of seat . My kids can kick it off with one kick . Spend a little more cash and get something that will do the job correctly .
 I mainly chose this because it was clear-color . But the construction is very flimsy and the threads holding it in place ripped in just a few weeks when my 4-year old pulled at it casually , Supposed to protect the car seat back from kids but it 's not built to be kid-proof . Not recommended .
 This product was on the back of the driver 's seat for less than 2 minutes before the child in the carseat put her feet on the protector and it ripped off . The whole elastic tie totally ripped off . When I checked it , there were only two stitches holding the elastic ties to the plastic . The construction was shoddy and the plastic is very poor quality . I am not going to puchase this particular item ever again .
 Very disappointed . After a week , the sides started to fan out away from the seat no matter how tight the straps are . Would NEVER buy this product again and actually in search for another one that works .
 Great concept but not well thought out ... NOT all cars have a head rest ... and a head rest is REQUIRED to attach the top part ... if the inventors of this were really ingenious they would have thought of a way that it could attach to all seats , including those that do not have head rests , but is just one solid seat -LRB- like in a ford explorer/expedition/etc ... -RRB- . I wasted my money on this !!!
 The straps on the top of these do not keep the top corners from falling forward , exposing a lot of the top of the seat . This is very evident when it is hot out . The material is just a thin plastic so any heat makes it very flexible .
 since it is hollow the only sticking part is on the edge of the frame so it does n't hold very well
 The picture shows a frame with two holes for screws . These came with no frame with screw holes , only the sticky back
 My 17-year-old Plymouth van failed inspection for inoperable license plate lights . When I removed the lenses to check the bulbs I saw the entire bulb holder had turned to the consistency of earwax . Google search by part number turned up several sellers but this item on Amazon was the only one showing the correct connector , or any connector at all . The Amazon photo looked exactly like mine down to the proper connector . I ordered two . When the two boxes arrived the boxes were identical but the contents were n't . One was made in China of a yellow material with no plug , just stripped wire ends . The other was nice white material , made in USA , with a quality connector on the end ; it just was n't the correct connector for my vehicle nor was it the same connector as the photo on Amazon.com.I decided not to bother with sending either back , and the time invested already made me loathe to wait any longer to replace the bulb holders , so I cut the connectors off my old sockets , cut the connector off the new made-in-USA socket , and soldered the old connectors to the new lamp sockets . I used heat shrink tubing to make a weather-proof seal . Sure I should n't have had to do this much work and I could have ordered them from the local Chrysler dealer and just told them where to stick them if they were wrong , but with Amazon , I figured with only one left in stock , the chances of ever getting the correct item was nearly non-existent , and I needed the old van working . In reality , they should have just given the parts to me for my trouble and changed the photo . I suspect these came from some stocking dealer who either mixed them up or saw they were junk and sold them to a jobber who sold a lot of parts to Amazon . How else to explain the wrong parts in identical boxes and why would Amazon have such parts anyway ?
 I purchased this due to my previous experience doing rear brakes taking 4 hours with twisting the piston a quarter turn with channel locks and pushing in with a c-clamp over and over and over again on my 03 Maxima . I was hoping this would make doing my mom 's 02 Monte Carlo a breeze . First thing I noticed when I received the package were misspellings on the box and the 2nd was it was made in China . I opened the package up and there was obvious signs of wear on several pieces . The 08 piece for GM products had some sort of oily/greasy feel . I know some factories put rust inhibitors or products to protect pieces but ONLY this one had this oily/greasy feel . The packaging and case are new but it appears that used pieces that are returned/salvaged get recycled into new units from what I can guess . All of this I would probably be alright with if the dang thing came with instructions and worked . There is one piece of paper that says it is the instructions but on the backside of the page is a picture of all the pieces and labels for what manufacturer the discs are used for . On the front side , half of the page is dedicated to safety tips and recommendations . Another quarter is dedicated to listing the parts included . The last quarter lists warranty information . I could n't figure out how to use this on the piston and rather than wasting daylight I used the C-clamp and old brake pad approach and thankfully it was a breeze . I took this over to my uncle who worked as a maintenance tech , electrical engineer , and is now a software engineer and he could n't figure it out . I 'm just going to return this . I 'm not going to waste my time calling their customer service for real instructions since the job I needed this for is complete . I was going to give this 2 stars but I ca n't come up with a positive thing to say about this . Maybe its a good product if you know exactly how to use it before you purchase it?Oh and if you just vote me as non helpful because you were able to figure out this product and I could n't that 's just low . Comment me and let 's debate . If not , then keep being a coward and hiding in your mom 's basement . I gave a detailed explanation why I rated the item so low , not every person has the same experience using the same item
 Bottom line
 It damaged my Mass Air Flow sensor in such a way that the CRC MAF cleaner did nothing . I had to buy a new MAF . I also suspect it damaged my Throttle Position Sensor . The replacement of the MAF , throttle sensor and paper filter ended up costing more than $ 400.00 .
 The product pictures is not what you will receive . I have brought this to Amazon but as of this date they have not removed the picture and replaced it with the correct one . What you will receive is a short patch cord and not a splitter .
 I purchased this product because it said it included the 4wd adapters . It does not have the correct adapters to fit the Dana 30 used in both my Jeep Cherokee and Grand Cherokee . So now I have a worthless product that I will either store forever , or donate to Goodwill .
 I purchased this to power up my itouch and nokia phone during a 4 day train trip . After hooking up to my itouch it seemed to work , then abruptly stopped . Probably an itouch software issue with usb . Then my Nokia phone does not fit any tips provided with this . You have to purchase separate tips for $ 9 or more apiece . Can not power my psp without buying yet another tip . It claims to handle all these brand names , but only some of their actual products.Stay away from this one . It 's outdated and just needs lots of pricey separate accessories to work .
 I can not rate this item as I never got the chance to use it . The first order arrived with a hanger on the muffler broken of . I contacted Magnaflow and they were no help . Amazon was not able to send me just a replacment muffler , so I was sent a second complete exhaust system . The second muffler arrived also with its hanger broken off.Amazon sent me a return order through UPS and I had to ship both exhaust systems back to them .
 Very disappointed . Picture makes you think you get an assortment of fittings . Not the case . I will be looking for another kit that includes the fittings .
 this product was ok . the first thing i want to say is that it will rust . i think after about 2 weeks i already noticed it . but it was cheap so i guess i dont expect much . you have buy extra dividers because it does not come with it . i 've used it for about 2 months but the rust was getting so bad i removed it . i guess if you just keep it dry and remove it after every use you wouldnt have this problem . . but who wants to do that ? its got plenty of grip . . if only they would have coated it or made it out of a better / longer lasting material . personally i dont recommend this .
 This would be a 1 star item for me except that it does get +1 star for not being the normal cheap `` This wo n't last more than a few months '' cargo bar found at home depot etc. . This thing is very solid and obviously durable and robust ... a little bit too much so to be honest . This is not the `` throw stuff in the back and use the cargo bar '' item I was hoping for , for quite a few reasons ... First , it 's very sturdy and well built ... which also means heavy and large and inconvenient to move around the back of your truck . It 's not easy to handle and change positions with , a fact made worse by the other shortcomings of this cargo bar ... Second , unlike even the cheap-o ratcheting cargo bars this one does n't ratchet repeatedly , allowing you to extend the bar with the ratchet until it 's tight but not too tight ... with this one you must set the initial width by eyeball and then engage the ratchet -LRB- which does n't actually ratchet , it 's just a geared handle that extends the inner bar -RRB- ... but if your initial guess at width was too short there wo n't be enough tension and if you guessed too long there 's too much tension and it will bend your bed ... so you have to set it , release it , reset it , release it , reset it over and over to get the tension strong enough to prevent items sliding but not so strong that it bends your bed . And with this thing being nice and big and heavy ... that 's a really tiring and annoying routine.Third , the instant you release the tension on this bar it 's completely loose again , so you ca n't even figure out a good width and just leave it at that width for next time , you have to go through the tedious `` eyball , set , release , eyball , set , release '' procedure every time you use it.Fourth , the ratchet handle is positioned towards the middle of the unit -LRB- you can see this in the pictures -RRB- so you have to lean well into your truck to use the ratchet handle , and if you have a large truck you 'll have to actually get IN the truck bed to set this thing.Fifth , when it 's under load the ratchet handle is conveniently designed to whack you right in the hand when you release the tension , it 's like a mouse trap that will bash your knuckles good and hard if you 're not careful how you release it.Basically this cargo bar is well made but a real hassle to use . I wanted a simple , durable and convenient way to secure stuff I throw in the back of my truck ... this scores well on the simple and durable part but there 's nothing convenient about it at all . Too much of a hassle to return , so I 'll use it , but I wo n't be getting another one .
 I was on the fence between a 2 star and 3 star . I gave this one a 2 star because its awkward to install it in my Silverado 's bed . It 's not a ratcheting system either , even though the photo looks like it . It 's a guess at the width you will need install ... if you guess wrong , it 'll either be too loose , or way too tight . You definitely ca n't do this with just one hand . As far as my wife being able to install it , that 's not going to happen . Its just too clumsy.However , its incredibly sturdy and I anticipate it to last a long time . I have a bed cover , so I wo n't see the rust issues that others have talked about . But I 'm hoping this one lasts longer than the other crappy bars I have purchased in the past . -LRB- Not from same manufacturer -RRB- I 'll deal with the clumsiness as long as I have the truck . I do n't anticipate buying another one .
 After reading the reviews of this product and seeing information on the companies web site , I thought it was going to be a good quality product . Turns out to be a cheap , poorly made , poorly designed piece of junk . The company website also indicates that their products are made in the USA , but this one clearly has a `` Made in China '' label on it.When I tried to install it in the back of my 2007 Nissan Titan , the first problem was that it was barely long enough to fit , even though the bed width is 4 inches skinnier than the max width claimed by the manufacturer for the bar . Second problem was that the 2 tubes of the bar fit together so poorly that the bar bows in the middle when put under even the smallest amount of tension . Once it 's under tension , it does not stay in place . The first bump I hit , the bar detached itself even though the latching mechanism was still latched . I have cheap $ 30 bars I got from Advance Auto that are much better quality and much stronger than this overpriced piece of junk .
 Good adhesive . Clip in back holds whistles in bracket but may be hard to get to depending upon where installed
 The fact that one person -LRB- previous reviewer -RRB- had some deer stand and watch him proves nothing . -LRB- The fact that he saw them suggests it was daytime , anyway , when they would not be dazzled by headlights . -RRB- All credible independent tests show them to be ineffective . The companies that sell them claim otherwise , but if you look into it very deeply you will find that they ca n't back these claims up.Here are the facts
 Amazon describes this basket to be eight inches high which is the right height for what I intended hauling . The basket actually is four and one half inches high on the outside with only a three and three quarter inch inside wall height . Also , I expected this basket to fit my rack better as it was pictured on the same Honda Rancher I own . The front basket indention did not fit under the front rack 's raised front bar as pictured .
 This product does NOT fit my 1997 Lexus LS400 as stated . Packaging INSIDE the box states it fits 2003-2007 Highlanders .
 Loved the look of this boot . Needed something new when riding motorcyle . Looked good on but , unfortunately , this boot failed to deliver on function . This boot is extremely stiff . Could not flex foot at all . Felt like wearing ice skates or snow board shoes . Furthermore , there was room in toe box so I know the boot fit but I could not lace them up properly without the boot itself hurting my foot and I have a thin to average size foot . Would not recommend at all .
 They are gigantic even when I ordered my regular boot size . I like the style but they are so stiff just could n't keep them .
 The plastic this part is made out of is so thin and flimsy that I cracked the adapter just taking the packaging wrap off of it . It cracked again when I was adjusting the air cleaner after using the adapter on my car .
 The product selection said this fit a 2010 Subaru Outback and it is not even close to the right filter .
 Right out of the box , it was clear that the filter was flimsy . It was bowed in on 2 sides . It certainly looked and felt less substantial than my existing filter . Because of the concavity , I could n't get it to seat evenly inside the case . If I 'd used it , air would have certainly flowed around the concave ends . I put it back in its box and returned it .
 Bosch has always been associated with quality German engineering . Much to my disappointment this product was made in China . If this product was made in the U.S. , I would have gladly paid double for it however , I refuse to hollow out United States jobs .
 So thin and flimsy it would n't stay in my windshield unless I sat there and held it . Buying a much better quality one now .
 It wo n't stay on . Has hooks on the sides , have no idea where I 'm suppose to tie them ? A friend of mine , bought a sunshade at a local store , much better . It has suction cups , very convenient . This sunshade , i am not impressed . Poorly designed .
 turned out to be just like the ones we already have , looking for something that fits better , so i sent them back . nothing wrong with product alreay have same .
 Got one for my keys , fastener worked fine . Got a second one for my wife , but fastener broke in a few days . Did n't return soon enough to get replacement or money back .
 This cheaper part failed for my application -LRB- 2001 Focus 2.0 Zetec -RRB- after only 2 months -LRB- 3,000 miles -RRB- . It started to squeak -LRB- telltale sign of bearing failure -RRB- as confirmed with a mechanic 's stethoscope . Impeller is cast metal instead of Ford part 's plastic design . Waste of time and money .
 I used to like this product , but on the last two , the edge material starts to degrade and leave particles all over the dashboard and front seats of car . Best to pay a little more -LRB- about $ 12 -RRB- for a better-designed shade with durable edging .
 I will not but this item again as first it is very thin and when i used in on my car on a worse sunny day my car was hot even when it is on which means it has no shielding plus it became way too hot itself . It has suction cups with it and they are useless as they never stick to my car window.One more thing I was unable to track the package at all by using tracking number provided by the supplier and i have to send him email couple of times for this .
 According to the packaging , my car -LRB- a Porsche Cayman -RRB- requires the jumbo size . It is WAY too big to fit though , and I 've already thrown away the packaging so I ca n't return it .
 Was originally happy with this , but after a month or so the cloth around the outside started to disintegrateleaving small pieces of cloth floating all over my car , which defeats the purpose of the cabin filter I installed .
 This product worked great for about a month . After that I started to notice a silver dust on my fingers and dash and could n't figure out what was causing it . It turns out the `` fabric '' used as trim disintegrates and turns to dust . I ended up throwing mine away rather than constantly cleaning my car 's interior .
 u spend too much time trying to fold ... they do n't fit neatly across any car window I 've seen ... they bunch up even though the photo on packaging shows it as flat . piece of crap . a friend got these for me after my magic nylon ones tore up . mine are from a company called alpine gear but everyone that i know that has these hates them and eventually throws them in trunk or garage like i 'm about to do.DO NOT BUY THIS
 Buyer beware
 Product came very fast like all Amazon Prime products I 've ordered . Worked one time with guages then would n't let me do anything . I got an error code iirc 102 but have n't had time to try to resolve the problem . If I ca n't fix it in a couple days I 'll ship it back for a refund .
 These seat covers appear to be well made , but they DO NOT FIT a 200640/20 / 40 seat F-150 . My seats have a small ` tower ' on the outside corners housing the seat belt mechanism , and there is no provision in the covers to acoomodate that feature .
 Save your money.Followed directions to the T. Product had already gotten bad reviews . I thought maybe they did n't follow directions.It just does n't work period ...
 i have used this three times trying to fix a M5 hole , on a carburator cover for my motorcycle . each time the screw strips it even with light torque.i then tried three times with a points gap adjustment screw , and again it will not hold . do n't buy
 When it came the package clearly stated it ca n't be used on brake systems . I ended up ordering a Heliocoil kit to make the thread repair . The Heliocoil kit worked great .
 Looks good , fits well , but will not hold setting . No way to adjust tension as bolt just spins . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The mirror itself , not just the housing but the actual mirror , is plastic ! What you see in it is of course distorted , and it will no doubt scratch very easily . It was inexpensive and it is very cheap . I should probably give it another star just because I should have known better.More trouble than it 's worth to return .
 Water Pump started leaking after 500 miles . Although a Bosch product , this part was made in China . I will not buy anymore Bosch products after this . What was a good German name now is worthless , since they started making their products in China .
 got these and the top plates were cheap and cheesy metal nothing substantial closer to aluminum foil also they were mangled and bent and looked like absolute crap
 cheap plate 's very thin not even stainless steel started rusting in 3 days I ruined my brand new Hood with this set
 The pins are ok ... one of them came whit a little rust inside the pin hole , look kind of used . Also one of the screws was missing .
 This pump died after 3 weeks . The bearing failed . Dont Buy this pump . Im out $ 600 in labor to change the pump twice . Avoid Bosch
 WRONG SIZE WRONG SIZE WRONG SIZE AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET SOME CUSTOMER SERVICE PEOPLE THAT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING !!!!!!
 This mirror is ONLY for Toyota PICKUPS 89-95 NOT for Toyota T100 'S ... it is far too small and does n't come close to mounting up .
 I purchased this for my dads truck . Kind of of a cheap feel to it straight out of the box . When it came to installing it the bolt pattern did not line up . Had to modify the holes a little . Some aftermarket parts are n't bad but these seemed to remind me of the old saying ` you get what you pay for '
 Purchased this Mirror at the end of 2010 the glass started to fail and peel by the end of 2011 this is an inferior Product you should avoid . Do n't waste your money
 Very unhappy with this purchase . I ordered a mirror and I got a piece of rubber in a box . Purchased the mirror on sale and was told by a rep that I had to repurchase the mirror . And send the piece of rubber that was sent to me back , now the mirror is two times the price I paid . To much hastle for a frigen mirror wish they would have sent me the mirror properly the the first time . Last time I will buy car parts on amazon .
 Although the picture on the website and on the box that I received the wire set shows the tubes that connect to the sparkplugs . They are not part of the set !! These are not optional and are necessary to connect to the sparkplugs and seal the tops of the tubes that enclose the plug , because they are recessed . I sent the set back .
 I bought this to replace the fuel pump and sending unit in my 97 C3500 7.4 L pickup . I knew the price was too good to be true . It has n't worked right since day one and I 'm replacing the pump portion because my fuel pressure is only 45psi when it should be 60 . I 've tested and verified my pressure regulator is good so leaves this as the culprit.Great deal if you get lucky and it works for you or if you need to replace just the sending unit but if you 're buying it for the pump , do n't waste your time/money .
 Fell apart after 4 washes . I 'll stick with a wash mitt from now on .
 We were excited to find a custom fit seat cover set for the aging seats in our Passat.The advertisement goes on and on about the fit . CAD designed just for your application . `` designed to fit as well as original upholstery '' `` The Coverking fit rivals the seat 's original upholstery `` Well not quite!I have personally designed using CAD , and I believe I could have achieved a better fit using pattern paper.You know how these days there is
 After i replaced my mirror with this one , which is not an easy task . I drove and it turns out that the mirror shakes . : -LRB-
 `` FOLDING '' Mirror does not fold . The mirror feels like cheap plastic , and it vibrates a lot while driving on the highway .
 I gave this one star only because I had to to post this.I tried this unit on a 1992 Ford F-250 CII -LRB- C2 -RRB- pump .1 -RRB- The puller would not pull parallel with the shaft . The tighter it got the more off angle it went .2 -RRB- The installer made the pulley rotate while trying to push it on . This requiered holding the pulley and jack screw wrench at the same time which became impossible.OTC has a unit similar to this one only upgraded a bit . It works for pulling and installing.HOWEVER be aware that on both of these units the jack screw uses only a 1/2 '' wrench . If like me there was not enough room to use a breaker-bar and socket you probably wo n't get it off.You would be better served with the OEM equal tools from OTC . The remover is # 7185 -LRB- I borrowed one to get the pulley off mine - it uses an 11/16 '' wrench -RRB- . The installer is a # 7005 -- it uses a 5/8 or 11/16 '' . This is always a slow process unless you can get a ratching type wrench on both the pusher nut and the jack screw .
 worked about 3 days an quit replaced it again , replaced motor and it made lots of noise when ranning and ran 3days and stopped working replaced it with a different motor and still trying to get it to working again after this one locked up .
 I purchased these same mats from another supplier , not Amazon . They do not fit a 2008 Cadillac STS perfectly . The area around the left foot rest is curved - it needs to be square cut to lay on the floor correctly . The passenger side is also too wide , and rides up on the hump . Weather Tech verified that these were NOT specifically for the STS , but a generic set that was close .
 I sent the deflectors back . Looking at the ad was misleading . The picture shows front and rear windows . When I got the item there was only the deflectors for the rear windows . No where in the ad does it say its a 2 piece or 4 piece set .
 ordered these for my '05 ford escape . they &#34; fit &#34; 16-inch wheels but do not work for this vehicle 's standard wheels . all kinds of rubbing/squeaking on the rim . they may work on other 16-inch wheels .
 It was time to change air filters so I decided to get a pair of K&N ; filters instead of stock filters after reading good reviews about them . I figured that these filters warrant a higher price because they are reusable and I was excited to not buy new filters again . Not to mention the fact that K&N ; is considered the best.I installed these in my Mercedes W209 CLK 500 , following directions and making sure they fit snugly inside the appropriate housings . I started noticing problems immediately . The car started to idle between 1,200 to 1,400 rpm after being fully warmed up . When driving , the car would suddenly kick hard before changing gears and would change gears between 2,500 and 3,500 rpm at speeds under 45 mph . The engine sounded like a chain smoker trying to run a marathon - hacking , coughing and gasping for air . I 've also experienced a tremendous loss of power when accelerating . I had to really push the accelerator to get the car to move as fast as it used to . The kicking made me sure my transmission was going to give out at any time . After all , why else would the car be driving like this all of a sudden ? It could n't be these highly acclaimed air filters ! Or could it ? I drove with these filters for a few weeks until I could no longer pretend that nothing was wrong.After much debate with myself I had Amazon overnight me stock Mann air filters . When stock filters were delivered I was eager to test my car . Removing these K&N ; filters and installing the stock filters made the car behave like night and day . Immediately I noticed a complete reversal of all the problems I described earlier . My car idles at 400 rpm after being fully warmed up again . Gears change at < 2,000 rpm again . And best of all , the car immediately stopped kicking when the gears changed -LRB- and here I thought my transmission was broken ! -RRB- . The engine purrs like a kitty again . The drive is smooth as silk just as it was before.Maybe I got defective filters or maybe not , but based on my experience I would not recommend these to my worst enemy , adversary or foe . If I could give these 0 stars , I would . If your car started to act like I described above , it does n't like K&N ; filters ! I 'm choosing to stay away from all K&N ; products from now on .
 Had to buy another wench . not real happy with product . Also when i got it the remote was turned on and the battery was dead ...
 This would have worked great if it fit nicely but it would have taken way too much time to modify to get it looking like a factory option . Ended up just fabricating a mount into the pillar and color matching it with SEM paint . Cleaner look and the same amount of work it would have been just to make this product look acceptable .
 this fan is terrible . I deliver mail and purchased one for my vehicle because my car gets incredibly hot . While I recognize that I run my car for an extended period every day , I am not disappointed with the cooling ability of the fan . I used the fan for about 2 weeks and then out of no where , it started to make a terrible noise . The bolts that held the face to the motor came loose and got cought in the actual fan blades , causing the blades to stop rotating . I thought I solved that problem by screwing back in the bolts , when the motor case on the back came loose and caused the fan to slump on the clip . Then the bolt came loose again , rendering the fan useless . I decided to try to rebuild this fan -LRB- which by the way , sells for $ 10 at walmart -RRB- and came to realize that instead of using a screw thread , it used a plastic bolt in the motor case that was completely inaccessible without completely destroying the fan . Do n't buy this fan , save your cash and buy yourself a cold drink .
 The plastic top plate broke completely off and the lower clamp assembly fell down into the stake pocket on my 2006 GMS Sierra when I was tightening the screws . I used a screwdriver with what I thought was normal force , not a power drill.They looked like they would have worked ok if they 'd not broken during installation , though . I ended up ordering a version of these that has metal-to-metal contact at the installation point instead of plastic-to-metal .
 I bought these for use on a 2011 Chevrolet truck and the anchors are too narrow and too short for the stake pockets -LRB- 1.75 '' x 2.75 '' -RRB- on the side rails of my truck by at least 1/2 '' in each dimension.I returned them to Amazon and had to pay a $ 6 return fee even though the item was not right for my vehicle.I went to another vendor and found the Bull Ring truck anchor points part number 4003ss for the 2011-2012 Chevy/GM trucks . When they arrived it was clear that they were stronger than the Highland Bull Ring and had an extra plate to latch into the stake pocket and provide a solid connection .
 These seem ok . Size of ring seems a little small to accomodate a large hook which would be on a 2 '' ratchet strap .
 I bought one of these , now I 'm shopping for a second if I can get a good price , which describes the experience in a nutshell . It does n't move a heck of a lot of air , but it 's enough to make some difference ; I think another one in tandem might help enough to make it worthwhile . -LRB- the product literature mentions this possibility -RRB- . What else ? Build quality is quite good . It seems to be made in England , which might explain why it 's having a bit of a hard time in the US sun . The main body of the thing hangs inside the window with the solar panel -LRB- visible in the picture above -RRB- facing through the window . The lip with the exhaust -LRB- also visible in the picture -RRB- fits into the slightly open window so the air exhausts out . It comes with a long strip of plastic baffle that is cut to size and posed in the remaining window gaps on either side of the lip of the fan , to keep out rain and bugs and stuff . The attachment of the end of this baffle to the fan body itself is n't terribly secure , but that 's not a problem and makes it easier to keep the thing in the back seat anyway between uses . Once you 've cut the baffle to size , you 've committed the unit to being installed on one side of the car and you have to park the car with that side towards the sun , this thing being solar powered and all . You might be able to tinker it to fit in the opposite window , but I 've never found it to be a problem so never tried.BTW , this is for a darkish red compact car in CT ; if you have a jet black van in Florida you are definitely looking at an uphill fight.Another possibility is hooking up that old dashboard mount solar car battery charger up to this to see if that gives any more oomph ...
 I could not get this item to work . I 'm not sure if it was user problems or defective . Luckily I was able to return it .
 I do n't know what Amazon is thinking selling this product , it 's just a little spinning plastic that does absolutely zero . I get direct sun everyday -LRB- Arizona -RRB- so I thought the solar panel would work here , but the fan does not spin fast enough to circulate air through the car .
 This thing was a huge piece of junk . I am more than mad . It never fit snugly , and when the window is up all the way , the fan wo n't spin . The unit always fell apart and I could n't keep the pieces together . I could hear the air coming in while I was driving , and it drove me nuts . Every time that I would snap all the pieces back together , as soon as I tried to put it back in the car , it fell right back apart . The only way I was ever to get it to spin , was to stand outside the car and hold it in my hands . Huge waste of money !
 Blanket does not get warm enough to make it better than any good quality regular blanket . Also , It gave off an unpleasant odor , a fuel like smell .
 Garbage . Not even luke warm . Lasted about 3 months and then came apart . Never again .
 This blanket is a waste of money , this thing barely gets warm to the touch , some people rated this 4 stars i just dont see how.I bought this blanket thinking it would keep me warm in my car at work when i 'm on lunch and do n't wan na run the car engine to keep warm . plugged it in to socket and the light on the cord came on . while the car just got colder and colder i waited and waited and after 20 minutes and this thing was barely warm to the touch it was as warm as my hand was , , there was no noticeable increase in warmth in the car either . wow what a gimmick , i should have known it was too good to be true . dont waste your money , will not keep u warm . It was just annoying having this thing covering me totally useless .
 I received this blanket and it never worked ! It made a weird buzzing sound and never heated up . What a joke .
 Just opened up product and put in car . I believe it 's defective because the mechanism when plugged turns on but the part that determines heating time clicks on then turns off within seconds . I thought that the blanket would heat up , in spite of the mechanism clicking off , but the blanket did not heat at all . Would like replacement to determine viability of the blanket .
 I received this product as a gift . I made the mistake of assuming it would work , so I did n't try it out until a cool morning in February -LRB- past the return date -RRB- . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.Not only does the device make an obnoxious buzzing sound -LRB- I 'd say the equivalent of a mini generator -RRB- , I left the blanket on for 30 minutes and did n't feel a bit of warmth coming from the blanket . On top of that , the blanket is n't even soft or comfortable.Oh , and did I mention it 's not machine washable?Because I am out of the return window for Amazon , I tried contacting the company directly -LRB- Trillium Worldwide , Inc. -RRB- . I received an email from the president/CEO , Gary Devroy , who admitted &#34; Sounds like a lemon Colleen , sorry . It happens every now and then . &#34; When I asked to exchange the product for one that worked , he told me it would cost me another $ 15 -LRB- on top of what was already spent -RRB- . When I told him that I was n't willing to spend more on a product that I do n't yet have faith in , I received a seemingly apathetic &#34; Sorry . We tried . &#34; So that 's zero points for Customer Service on top of zero points for the product . One star on Amazon just seems a bit too generous.Save yourself the money and buy yourself a soft throw blanket from Target or Costco . It 'll keep you warmer , without the annoying noise .
 do n't buy this is not warm at all and goes of every 15 minute do n't waste your money i was hoping this thing will give me some heat i got nothing it good only if you want to clean on dashboard
 Its on a timer . . stays warm for 30 minutes then shuts off It SUCKS
 I have n't installed them yet - but they 're spark plug wires - what could go wrong?But I chose these because I saw the wire loom clips shown in the picture on this product . They are NOT included!However , only 4 wires are pictured when I actually received * 6 * !!! There are 2 coil to distributor cables . I 'm not sure why there are 2 . I 'd rather have 1 and the pictured loom clips.Otherwise , they appear well made . I dislike not receiving what is clearly pictured .
 The bulbs are astonishingly packed together in a plastic pouch inside the product 's box ; there 's no padding as the bulbs clink against each other . Seven of my bulbs arrived broken . A simple impact , despite Amazon 's effort to provide some padding , will destroy these bulbs.The cost of the product is n't worth my time to return , provided I 'm able to use a couple of the bulbs . Consider ordering from another company that takes greater care with its packaging . Very disappointed .
 Well , I have convex mirrors on all of our cars -LRB- 4 cars - 8 mirrors -RRB- so I know how to put these on . This is the first brand that has fallen off . Need I say anymore .
 nothing to hold the shield up ... just falls down and does n't fit correctly too short to cover top to bottom as well
 The shade seems nice . Does n't have anything built in to keep it in place . Way too small for a 2009 VW GTI window -LRB- by about 6-8 '' -RRB- .
 This is the largest size but it is still to small . It is suppose to fit my 2012 Camry . It is too wide side to side but too short top to bottom . My visors are barely able to hold the shade from falling from the windshield . I do n't know why manufacturers ca n't seem to make these fit new cars .
 Although service by this company was good , the product itself is billed as a `` Jumbo '' sunshade and will NOT fit cars as small as the Honda Accord . Very disappointing . Manufacturer needs to stop relying on Chinese production of this product as the width dimension of 27 inches is undersized for virtually every car in the market .
 This windshield screen does not fit a Ford Escape . It is also too stiff and makes it difficlult to place it around the rearview mirror . I would not recommend this product becaude it does NOT fit three of my vehicles - all of which are common nrands and models .
 Without using this set I would have rated it 5 + . It includes a vast collection of adapters and seems well built -LRB- minus some surface rust on the press itself -RRB- . However , after using this press for the first time on my 09 ' JK , it 's obvious the press itself is not heavy duty . Trying to press out the lower ball joint I was able to bend/spread the c-press into almost a Y shape with heavy pressure from a 1/2 '' breaker bar . I was not able to remove the joint as this thing just kept bending further and further . Returning for either the OTC or Alltrade version .
 I have used this set after buying it about 3 months ago . After using it about 40-50 times the clamp has begun to spread apart causing ball joints to press in crooked . I like all of the adaptors but would recommend buying a higher quality clamp .
 This item broke the first time it was used . It was one day outside of the return window , and now I am forced to pay to return the broken parts to the manufacturer and wait 4-8 weeks for them to decide whether they will replace it or not . A terrible product . I would never purchase again .
 BROUGHT THIS TOOL TO DO MY UPPER AND LOWER BALL JOINT 'S , BROUGHT THE MASTER SET , LOOKED UP MY DODGE IN THEIR INSTRUCTION BOOK THAT TELLS YOU WHAT TOOLS TO USE.THE INSTRUCTION 'S FOR DODGE ARE VERY BAD , THE CHEV AND FORD ARE EASY TO FOLLOW.I CALLED ASTRO PNEUMATIC FOR HELP , THE FIRST MAN TOLD ME YOU JUST HAVE TO FIGURE IT OUT , CALLED BACK THE SECOND MAN WAS HELPFUL , HE LOOKED AT THE INSTRUCTION BOOK AND SAID THEY WERE HAVING A LOT OF PEOPLE CALLING NEEDING HELP WITH THE SAME PROBLEM I ` AM HAVING.SAID HE WOULD LOOK IN TO IT AND GET BACK TO ME.WAITED 2 WEEKS NO PHONE CALL OR E-MAIL . E-MAIL THEM NICOLE FISHER E-MAILED BACK SAID SHE WAS SORRY , AND SENT THE SAME INSTRUCTION BOOK.CALLED HER SHE HOOKED ME UP WITH RUBIN HE GAVE ME WHAT TOOL NUMBERS TO USE BUT THEY DID N'T MATCH WHAT WAS IN THE INSTRUCTION BOOK , I ASKED HOW HE GOT THESE NUMBER HE SAID HE BEEN DOING THIS FOR YEARS AND KNOWS WHICH TOOLS TO USE.HE ALSO SAID YOU MIGHT HAVE TO MODIFY SOME OF THE TOOLS TO MAKE THEM WORK.I GOT MY BALL JOINT DONE BUT WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM ASTRO PNEUMATIC TOOL CO AGAIN.RGW EL CERRITO , CALIF
 Was great that the master kit had a wide variety of adapters , however after pressing in the LCA ball joint on my '99 ram , the clamp became warped . By the time it came to install the last ball joint , the frame was bent beyond use . Had to use a press to reform it into usable condition . This product seems to be a one time use kit .
 I spoke with the manufacturer and asked if this would work on my 2003 2500HD even though the product details through 1997 . I was told it would work up to 2004 . WRONG ! @ The only socket that comes close to my ball joint on the LCA does not fit into the bottom groove of the LCA ball joint slot . The socket slipped offset damaging the socket badly and warped the C-Tool way out of whack . The case is made of thin plastic , I had this shipped by air which means turbulance , needless to say the case was damaged all over the inside with huge cracks . Although this set has a nice variety of tooling sizes , it just , simply put , is not strong thick metal needed for heavy duty jobs . I returned this product to Amazon .
 I ordered two new Wagner disk brake rotors from Amazon . The first shipment arrived quickly but upon opening the package I find one very used rotor and one new one . I sent the used rotor back and they replaced it with the wrong rotor . I sent that back and they replaced it with according to Wagner -LRB- I checked with them -RRB- a counterfeit rotor . At that point I sent back both rotors . The folks at Amazon were very good about trying to resolve the issue and refunded all my money . I will use Amazon again for that reason . I understand some suppliers to Amazon may not be what they should and I do n't fault Amazon for this because they ca n't police every one of the thousands of suppliers they use . In the end the only cost to me was time but as we all know time is money .
 I bought these Bestop Jeep Wrangler TJ door entry guards due to the high quality of other Bestop products I have purchased . The fit of these was horrible , so I returned them . I would NOT recommend them to anyone . Instead , I purchased some 3M Gray `` Safety Walk Indoor/Outdoor Tread '' traction tape . The 3M product number is 7647NA . This is not the sandpaper type stuff . It is more of a molded vinyl textured tape with a super strong all weather adhesive . This works perfectly and looks so much better . Just cut to fit and carefully apply . The gray color looks great on my silver Jeep . I think it is probably available in black as well .
 I bought this for my 05 Jeep hopeing to improve the looks of the door sill . First it didnt fit to good and second it did n't improve the looks because it was a hard plastic . It also effected my door closing so I got more air leaks than I wanted . Thismust fit several cars but not too good on my Jeep . Beware of this product try to find someone that has used it on the model of yours .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 This is a company which does not stand behind its questionably built products . I received this as a present and charged it up and used it less than 10 times -- the battery appeared to need recharging but it would n't recharge -- the red light would n't come on and when I called them to let them know , they could n't have cared less . They acted like it was okay to have the board that recharges it stop working within 2 weeks of using it . They had a surly attitude and said that if I wanted anything done I 'd have to send it in at my expense and they would n't reimburse me . Additionally , it looks like the company 's sticker on the back of it is the only thing that keeps the two halves together . I 'm sending it back to my parents and they are taking it back to the store . My recommendation
 i bought this winch mount along with a warn winch . . the reason , i thought because both products were made by warn , they would work together . but the bolt pattern was wrong for the winch . . and i had to buy another one . also , it was expensive . . about $ 94 . the one i bought that worked only cost $ 40 at harbor freight .
 I guess I should 've done more homework before buying . There are slip-on ISO grips available , these are n't them , these require removing the throttle cable connections and adjusting the cable . I had to take it to a bike shop and pay for a half hour of labor for installation and they told me to keep my originals because the throttle cable connector on the grip does n't match up like the original and if the throttle feels like it is n't twisting properly I 'll have to re-install the originals . So far , I have n't had to do that .
 This Carter fuel pump looked fairly good when I purchased it 6 months ago . I installed it on my 1979 GMC 4x4 snow plow . The pump worked through the winter as advertised . Just guessing , I would say I used the pickup about 10 times through the winter X 1 hour per use = 10 hours running time . This spring I unhooked the plow and parked the pickup . Next time I went to start the PU -LRB- 2 weeks later -RRB- my trusty GMC would not start . After much checking , I finally realized that this pump had stopped working . Took it off and tested and retested -- it sports an internal rattle -LRB- when connected to 12 volt DC -RRB- and it no longer sucks . The pump is ` kaput ' , no doubt about it . For me , this pump was a bad investment .
 First of all I only got one , I expected a pair.Second it is really cheep material and build , cost probably 10 cents or less to make in china . Probably they are charging that much -LRB- over $ 4 -RRB- since they send you this tiny garbage in a oversized box so you mostly paying for shipping.I went and bought a much better adjustable ones a pair -RRB- from Wal-Mart for almost the same price .
 This thing might be fine if you are sitting in the passenger seat right next to it but it is too small to see much from the drivers side which is why I bought it . Wish I had not purchased it .
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 Avoid this product ! It looks like it would attach to the metal piece that 's glued to your windshield but it does n't . It comes with a very poor peel and stick glue area that wo n't last over a day on a windshield . Very flimsy , ca n't switch from night to day without completely resetting the mirror . The company I bought it from had a lot of double talk about refunding my money and I never got a settlement other than being stuck with junk . I would suggest looking somewhere else unless you want to have to do as I did and buy this one and throw it in the trash and then go and buy another one somewhere else to actually use . Save your time and money and avoid this trash !
 Description allows you to search the model of your car to make sure it fits . It does not explain very well that ` fitting ' means it can be glued to the windshield . This is disappointing if you 're looking for something that will replace your original mirror .
 This item gives the review for it self and you get what you pay for . It was cheap and the item was also . very wobbley .
 Bought this from Amazon . The rubber rings I received were so loose , I could not use them . Instead , I re-used the old rubber rings .
 What a complete waste of money . Cheaply made and very inconvenient to use . Does n't stay in the area of the seatbelt that I needed it . Threw it away .
 I did n't buy this peticular product I think ... but I did have a pair almost exactly like it if not the same years ago for my jeep wrangler . I loved them for the couple years I used it but when I took them off my seat belts never went back the same . To this day , which eight years after I took them off , my door only closes half the time without my seatbelts getting jammed in the doorway . Had I known I would have never used anything like this , it 's now a constant problem with my belts and door . Hope I can save someone else the headache .
 I hoped this would be a bit thicker - it does n't work on the seatbelt like I thought it would
 After reading the RAVE reviews I ordered 2 seat belt shoulder pads . I was so disappointed when I received them in the mail , and they did n't match . 2 totally different fabric textures .
 I was swayed by all the good reviews but I found this pad too warm and itchy . Does n't shed but the material is just too uncomfortable . I will be trying one of the memory foam pads .
 I wish I had returned this ! It is horribly itchy . Not comfortable at all . Do n't waste the money .
 A seat belt cover should be soft . This one was n't soft at all ; in fact , it was rough to the touch . I would n't want it anywhere near my neck . I gave it to my dog .
 I received this today . After reading so many positive reviews I am stunned by the poor quality of this product . I can only deduce that they changed the product somewhere along the line . It is most assuredly NOT sheepskin , but rather some sort of synthetic material . It is very stiff and uncomfortable . Stay away from this one .
 These seatbelt shoulder pads are high quality and soft but unfortunately they are not wide enough so do n't move up and down on the seat belt easily .
 It was a great price and shipped quickly but the first one had a rip and the second had loose threading when I opened it and it 's too large for the seat belt . Going tonstart researching another brand .
 In the reviews of this sheepskin pad I found two differing opinions , one excellent , one not . I needed two pads and decided to chance it and so ordered . -LRB- Item # 8000CAINT8 , # 019912525297 -RRB- When they arrived one was simply outstanding , the other could not have been much worse . The sheepskin or whatever it was , was thin and ragged ; it looked like my dog had been chewing it . The other was thick and fluffy and fit perfectly.I also ordered one fabric Ergo Seat Belt Shoulder Pad as a backup . -LRB- Item # 8001SL9LYG , # 019912535920 -RRB- This pad is a bit smaller but works really well , I am very pleased with it and will use it on another vehicle.None of the three pads had any noticeable odor and all fit well.I am sorry for those ordering to have to face this quality situation . The good sheepskin pad is perfect but both sheepskin pads have the same number -LRB- # 019912525297 -RRB- . If you really need a pad , as I did for neck injury , I recommend trying the sheepskin - you might get lucky . The fabric pad is extremely nice as well .
 THIS WAS A VERY CHEAP VERSION . I BOUGHT IT TO REPLACE ONE I HAD TO USE FOR AN EMERGENCY IT WAS VERY STIFF AND NOT SOFT AT ALL ALMOST AS BAD AS THE SEAT BELT
 Uneven dying , skewed stitches . Bought 1 pair , different color and red stain on one of them.I know it 's cheap , but quality is still poor for this price.Not sure how come there are good reviews . Maybe I got the bad ones .
 The seam is sewed together very poorly ... . the `` sheep skin '' feels ok ... . i had a hard time covering the white seams which made the pad looked cheap ...
 These are cheaply made and shed on your clothes . Not much padding for your shoulder . I strongly recommend you forgo these and order the Ergo seat belt shoulder pads .
 Very poor quality sheepskin ? Feels more like rabbit fur . When installed on my seatbelt , I can still feel the belt pressing on my shoulder . Product made in China , I should have known better !
 They are too long , they move up and down on their own . Wo n't stay in one place . Totally uncomfortable . Sorry we bought them .
 I was so disappointed with this order . Awhile ago I purchase the same item on Amazon and loved it . It was a grey Sheepshin Seat Belt Shoulder Pad in Grey . It was wonderful . It was very fluffy and thick and felt excellent to the touch . This month I went on Amazon to order another one . Little did I know that they had changed the entire item . The one I received had no real leather backing , it had little fluff and looked like a drowned rat.I tried to call the company at AutoExpressions to find out what happened . Both pads inside have a small tag from AE with a phone number and email account . No one answered . I will try on Monday 10-18 . I am now writing you to see what happened.Please let me know where you are keeping the thicker pads . I am willing to pay more . I need to hear what to do . I do not want to keep this last pad and need to return it . I do not feel that I should have to pay any cost . I will just send it back . It is such inferior merchandise . Amazon please email me back asap .
 They may be half the price of other internet sources , but these sheepskin seat belt shoulder pads are also half the quality as far as softness goes.I returned them .
 Although the item is soft , it balls up because it is synthetic . I 'm disappointed it 's not the real thing .
 Poorly constructed . Rough edge along the Velcro that you have to make sure is away from your face , and be careful how you grab the seatbelt because if your hand slips along that rough edge , you will get an abrasion . Should have realized at the low price , the quality would not be there . Not worth paying the return postage on though .
 Canx ` ed order TWICE due to super-duper slow shipping - shame on me !!! Do yourself a favor and go somewhere other than Amazon for this one .
 I ordered this water pump on March 8th because it was the cheapest Bosch one available online . However , Amazon does not have it in stock and will not display it as backordered or out of stock . Every time I check the order status , the estimated shipping date is pushed back farther and farther . As of now , it is May 10th . I used supersaver shipping but that should not matter since Amazon does not even have this product in their warehouse . I have called customer service multiple times and they have not done anything about this situation . I am just going to go ahead and cancel my order and pay more for this part elsewhere because Amazon clearly does not care about its customers .
 This is a 25 amp hour battery . I assumed that it would be a 55 amp hour battery like the ones that came with my Jazzy power chair . These batteries are physically smaller and not nearly powerful enough for me .
 THE PRODUCT WAS IN BAD SHAPE , DO NOT ASK FOR RETURN , DO NOT WORTH MY TIMEPLEASE SEND THE PRODUCT AGAIN
 read the label when it gets cold out you need to double and sometimes triple the amount used , this gets expensive . I 've switched to Penray 202032 it treats a full 250 gals .
 Very unhappy . Bought for my husband 's back - recovering from back surgery . He is a big man -- over six feet , 200 lbs and cushion was too small . Sides are hard so no give to them . Went to Walmart and bought a round oblong lumbar pillow -- cheaper and works better .
 This item is too thick and too firm to be of use for me . I went with a much thinner and smooshier design from another manufacturer .
 This Item Was received bent and did not appear damaged in shipping . Money was gladly refunded and a better price was gotten local at U-haul .
 I have hard water . I washed my car and dried it with a chamois . However , there were some water spots , especially on the hood of the car . I assumed the turtle wax ice paste would clean off the water spots while in the polish/waxing process . It did not touch the water spots . I am afraid it even helped preserve the water spots , making it impossible to get rid of them the next time I wash the car . Only time will tell . I hope my car 's finish is not irreparably damaged . Do not think this product will provide any cleaning ability whatsoever . Also , it states you can use it in the sun and on hot surfaces . Do n't do it . On the hood , it seemed to smear around rather than wipe off and buff to a nice shine . I am super disappointed and will throw it away . A waste of $ 16 for sure .
 What kind of country are we becoming when this kind of horrible stuff is sold on amazon ?
 What is this doing on Amazon ? And what kind of insult is this to the Iraqi people who we supposedly are `` helping '' ? If this is the kind of thing people waste their money on , I 'll be posting my own bumper sticker soon - `` Next time we wo n't have to ask why they hate us '' .
 Is this supposed to make me feel proud to be American?Shame on Amazon for carrying this obscene product .
 This should be removed from Amazon . I thought this was a responsible retailer . Saddens me to see this type of thing for sale here . Are anti-semetic , anti-hispanic , or other overtly racist and hostile items available for sale ?
 Even though this is branded as Audiovox , they do n't consider it their product . I 've had this unit connected to a Code Alarm remote start system for about 3 years , and I will never invest in it again . It is extremely unreliable . At best , there is a 5-20 minute delay from the time you hang up until the time the signal is actually sent to your vehicle . At worst , the signal is never sent . There were plenty of times during the winters where I could not get it to send a signal for 3 or days at a time . Support is non-existent . My car went into carjack theft mode on its own in the middle of the night , which means flashing lights and honking horn . The only way to get out of that mode is to call the Carlink number and choose reset system and hope the signal gets sent . There is no way to reset the system otherwise . The remotes wo n't unlock the car , and the programming button does n't work . I tried to have it send the reset signal , but I gave up before it ever came.I called Audiovox/Code Systems , and they said they could n't help , and gave me the number to the folks at Carlink . They said they do n't offer support , they just sell the module.So be forewarned , if you ever decide to put it in carjack mode to see what happens , you may not be able to reset it .
 Low quality , I painted and heat wrapped them to cover the poor looking welds and heat marks . COmes shipped painted with non heat resistant paint that you have to strip off to paint properly ... PITA !
 The water pump arrived before I thought it would . I was pleased with the timeliness of the shipping . I am disapointed with the product , in that it has a removable water pump pully . I had thought it would come with one . I was unable to find one quickly and opted to purchase another water pump locally . It as with the origional one had a pressed on type , unlike the flange style I had recieved . I am sure it will be a good pump but cant use it if it doesnt have the pully . It didnt state that it does not come with the pump , how-ever , I should have called and researched further first .
 I bought this tag about a year ago and really liked it , but it has started to rust and looks terrible now . Do n't buy this tag unless you plan on hanging it inside on your wall or just want to buy a new tag every year .
 The mudflaps did not make it thru the first water puddle I crossed ; the driver one fell completely off and the passenger lost two of the plastics pins .
 you lose alot of torque which you need so badly .2 nd the down pipe routes right under your oilpan instead of around the front like your stock setup is . I cant wait to get off road again and tear it out over a rock . I first bought the Banks torque tubes but the had metal shavings in the tubes and were not polished as they said they were so I sent back and had them replaced with another set which was worse than the 1st , they looked as if someone was drunk when they made them and dropped them . I still shoulda kept them and polished them and cleaned them out because the torque you lose from not having the back pressure you need is huge .
 This is a MADE IN MEXICO filter . My past fleetguard filters with this part number were Made in USA . This `` Mexico '' filter is over 1 inch shorter . Do you realy want to trust your Diesel to a MEXICO filter . Also , the PICTURE in the ad shows the larger USA filter.The description also says it 's the tall size . Waste of money since I wont use the filters I bought !
 Why on earth is an item like this for sale through amazon ? This is political , religious opinionated junk . Keep this kinda stuff off of amazon .
 What a great concept but the good news stops there . It just does n't work . Before I installed it I got the service manual so I know I connected all the right wires . I even tested all the voltages and got 12V across all wires as expected but the thing does n't work . Not only does it not do what it claims to do but it made it so I have to reach over and use the passenger side window button to work the passenger window instead of just using the control on the driver side . After 1.5 hours on hold listening to really bad music their tech support could n't tell me anything useful and when the phone connection was lost they did n't call back . Extremely frustrating ! Another day I called back and they said to send the unit in for testing . They never called back so I had to call them and they told me `` it works '' and that it would cost $ 18 to ship it back to me . It 's a small piece of plastic ; it should be less than $ 3 ! Now they 're trying to rip me off on shipping ! I told them to keep it because I 'm not spending another $ 18 on this piece of junk . I would never buy another product from them again . I 'd give this product a negative rating if Amazon would let me because I basically just threw away about $ 45 including installation costs but they 're forcing me to give it at least a 1 .
 I 'm building a custom car and wanted to get away from having to run several heavy gauge wires into my door -LRB- have a small door loom -RRB- . Decided to install 2 relays in the door instead . After coming across this item , I thought what a great idea . This will provide the same functionality as dual relays and also give me the 1 touch capability ! The unit was fairly small and can easily be mounted inside the door , but does n't work as advertised.The instructions say that if you tap the switch once , the window will roll all the way up or down . Unfortunately , they do not say that the only way to stop the window is to hit the switch a 2nd time . In my experience , most one touch windows allow you to hold the button down until the window gets where you want it , then when you let go , the window stops . Not the case here.I also had a problem with the window rolling up . Does n't matter if I single tap or hold the button , the window will only roll up a fraction of an inch at a time . I suspect that the load detection is kicking in too soon and stopping the window.Called AutoLoc , waited 10 minutes for someone to answer only to put me on hold for another 20 minutes to talk to a tech . Explained to the tech what was going on . I could hear him reading the manual in the background . Not a real good feeling regarding their expertise . Even though I had tested 2 of the 4 units I purchased , they wanted me to test the other 2 . No thanks . Got online with Amazon.com and was able to process my return and print the shipping label in a matter of minutes -LRB- Nice system by the way ! -RRB- . Guess I 'll go back to my plan using relays ...
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I ca n't remember if I ordered it on here or from Sears , but I got it because it was on sale . Worked great for awhile , then it started to lose power . I took it apart and the 3 bolts on the rotor housing loosened up and the gasket blew out so none of the air was making it to the rotor etc. replaced the gasket and the other 2 gaskets and it worked great again for awhile . Then it just stop working altogether , took it apart again , found the bolt loose again , the gasket was blown out again and the rotor shaft was partially bent/breaking so it binded up and wouldnt ' turn , bought a new rotor for it , installed it , but it still binds and wont ' turn once i tighten up the bolts . For the amount of money that I spent on it I am just not impressed . I have had many other air tools that I use daily that have lasted longer then this considering I do n't often use the 3/4 . I will never buy another SK air tool again . I will stick with Chicago Pneumatic .
 this product has a large curve and will not lay properly on a flat roof or even a slightly curved roof ; avoid this at all costs
 The tape came unstuck and it landed on the hiway . . A car behind me ran over it . . so it was trashed . . I would not recommend this product because on the corners you have to cut little pieces of tape to make the tight turn . . I think that is how air got underneath of mine and blew it off the car . .
 While the windows and top seem rugged , I ca n't beleive how hard they made this to put up . Getting it down is a breeze , but when it comes time to put the top back up - one better hope they have someone to help and that they have 10-15 minutes before the rain starts . You must feed the front lip into a thin ledge over the windshield . They did not design it to work with the existing clips , which jeep owners know to be very simple and quick . There is also an extra set of hardware that you must fold down and replace when you want the top back up . I will swallow the money spent and quickly buy a factory top . Lesson learned .
 Need better description put it on a 6.5 hp go kart and it does not have enough power to engage it so it just burns up look it up online and it describes for a junior snomobile or dirt bike not a small go kart
 I ordered this part to replace a broken one . it did not fit and was a waste of my money . next time Ill buy one at the auto parts store .
 The hole on clutch smaller my driveshaft then I ca n't put clutch so I 'm not really happy . The hole on clutch smaller my driveshaft then I ca n't put clutch so I 'm not really happy .
 The picture is of an American made polished housing but they ship out the red Chinese version.Not a happy customer at all.Will have to wait and see how the tool performsIf not made in America these sellers should be required to make that fact CLEARLY known .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 I bought these for my Ford Escape 2012 SUV . They are too big and thus do not fit my car . They are attached via mounting tape and seemed like they might have worked OK if they had been the correct size . I pulled them off and am throwing them away . I have ordered a set of in-channel ones that I am hoping will be the correct size for my vehicle .
 I expected something better , but this one has made same material as single use silverware , I just lift it 's edge it bend over , ca n't even hold the shape it supposed to be !!! absolutely returned . . , lost shipping $ $ $ but happy for not stick it on my car . It is better to stick regular duct tape on top edge of the window . ThankS
 While the price is cheap , you really do get what you pay for !!! While this may be OK for Home use once in a while , that 's all it 's good for . For Comparison , a real 1/2 '' Air Gun like a Snap-On MG725 . 1,190 ft. lb . -LRB- 1,613 N * m -RRB- of Bolt Break Away Torque ! 810 ft. lb . -LRB- 1,094 N * m -RRB- of Recommended Working Torque !!! Let me tell you , makes a HUGE difference . Not only that , but holds up for a very long time , until you have to get it rebuilt . The Snap-On is also lighter in weight !!! Then again the Snap-On is $ 400 or so . I 've used a few Chicago Pneumatic tools in the past and they were JUNK !!! Snap-On tools are also MADE IN AMERICA !!!
 I ordered the Champion 4412 Truck Plugs for ten dollars and thirty one cents and expected to receive a six pack of spark plugs for my Jeep 4.0 L but Amazon only sent one individual plug ! I emailed them and called them trying to get this fixed but they refused saying this amount for one plug is correct . The same single spark plug sells for between two and three dollars elsewhere and ten to fourteen for the six-pack . The Amazon representative vehemently claimed the third party sellers are selling reconditioned spark plugs ! This excuse is ridiculous and this item is a huge rip off !
 I also ordered this and received only one plug . Price asked is for a six pack of plugs . It was returned .
 Product does not fit my 1995 Audi A6 Quattro as described.The holes on the front mats are about 3 inches too wide and incorrectly placed for the factory mounting points . In addition , the mats do n't seem to line up properly with the shape of the floor.The rear mats are too large and do n't really line up with the floor either . The rear mats cover up the under-seat air vents by about 1 inch.This is not compatible with 1995 Audi A6 Quattro 's -LRB- and I imagine all C5 audi 's -RRB- . Not sure why it is advertised as such.It came with a note saying to contact Coverking with any issues . I contacted them 4 days ago and 2 days ago and received no response .
 I experienced the same problem as the other reviewer - the unit did n't hold a charge even after 72 + hours of charging . Ordered a replacement unit within a week and could n't believe it , but also this one had the problem and I needed to return again !
 The battery part of the unit seems ok . After two years of usage it still works . The compressor part is a piece of junk made in China . I used it 4 times and it broke . Xantrex can not get parts for it and does not fix it . So if you buy the unit for the battery powered compressor like I did , this is a bad deal .
 Bought this item to bring on a camping trip to power a cd player and patio lights . Before leaving , we charged the Powerpack for nearly 72 hours , more than the 48 hours suggested by the instruction . The first thing we tried to use was the cd player - the Powerpack worked for 20 minutes then died . We then recharged the Powerpack by plugging into our vehicle 's power source and driving around for a few hours sightseeing . The Powerpack green light came on indicating it was fully charged . That night , we waited until it was dark to try the patio lights -LRB- 1 strand -RRB- , the lights & Powerpack died after 20 minutes . We were n't expecting to light the area all night , just 2-3 hours which was what the Powerpack should have done . No option for zero stars , so had to pick 1 star .
 Purchase with expectations that was to high . I thought the outlet for power was like other things with outlet . Worked great until my son plugged in a saw into power outlet . That was the end of power the other things went out shortly after .
 Buyers should be aware of the following problem . The recharging system has what tech support described as a `` low-charge cutoff '' , which is designed to keep the battery from falling below a minimum level of charge . The problem occurs when the unit falls below the minimum charge which can happen if you leave it sitting around for a while . When the unit is plugged into an outlet to charge the battery , the `` low power cutoff '' prevents the battery from being charged , so you find yourself in a catch-22 . The battery can not be charged because the `` cutoff '' mechanism prevents the battery from being used OR EVEN CHARGED ! -LRB- A red light accompanied by a clicking sound is heard when this occurs -RRB- Tech support 's recommendation is to turn the unit upside-down for 24hrs -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- and try again . If this dose n't work , their recommendation is to throw it away and buy a new one . My recommendation is to avoid buying the charger at all until they reengineer it to not self-destruct . Caveat Emptor .
 Every other feature still works as should . AC outlet dead . And , no it is not the fuses . Tried contacting them several times - no joy . Wo n't see me buy from Xantrex again . Very disappointed , not only in the dead outlet , but in the complete lack of customer care .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Battery was DOA . I had n't used it for the first 30 days -LRB- I only used the actual inverter , I had charged the battery and it had appeared to work -RRB- . Wrote to Xantrex , no response . I 'll have to buy another one from some other more reputable company .
 The seller has description listed as it is what is pictured but it is NOT it is only the Inverter not battery pack as listed in the description . Emailed them they said I `` should '' have known because of the price .
 Years ago replaced worn shocks on a 87 dodge D150 with Monroe Gas Magnums and it was like a new truck . Time for new shocks and thought I would try the newest from Monroe . What a mistake!Tried the Reflex on a 2002 Dakota 4X4 Quad cab . 134K on truck and though no signs of shock leaks decided to replace my shocks . Bad choice.While cornering improved , ride quality dropped dramatically . Enough that the wife now refuses to ride in the truck . New shocks are jittery on neighborhood roads and harsh to uncomfortable on more severe rough pavement . Smooth highway is a good ride but that is not the reality of daily driving.What a waste of money . I much preferred the ride of the old shocks but had thrown them out.Don ' t buy unless you always carry a load and suggest you ride or drive another truck with same reflex shocks before buying .
 The product is great if you want a very touchy , overly-sensitive , loud alarm system . But it locks and arms way too quickly . I ALWAYS had to hit the unlock button just so the alarm would n't go off from leaving the car for 30 seconds . Also this DOES NOT FIT ALL CARS . I did n't have a bypass module -LRB- which is around $ 100 or so -RRB- so I had to keep my stock key fob to actually unlock the car . Overall I regret buying the item , there 's a reason why they 've made better and newer versions , the newer versions are a worth while investment .
 It 's a good basic alarm but I do n't like the on board shock sensor . This makes it difficult to mount the brain in an ideal location under the dash without compromising the sensor sensitivity . If you want to take advantage of the programming feature , you need a bit writer . This can be expensive ... another way the manufacturer makes more money . In the end , I returned the unit for another alarm brand .
 This is not for a 98-2002 Amigo . The directions that came with the top is for a 89-94 Amigo . Do not buy if you have a 94 or lower . I have a 98 and this does not fit . Took a month for me to get it and it is the wrong one .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I have owned many different book lights . I purchased this one because I thought the push button was neat , and it seemed travel friendly . Those are it 's only features , though . It is not very adjustable , at all . I usually have to hold it in my hand to get the light into a position to be able to read anything , which kind of defeats the purpose , does n't it ? It 's also not terribly bright . To top it off , I was using it last night and went to pull the metal clip forward so I could slide the pages into it without tearing them -LRB- it 's not easy to slide on one handed -RRB- and sliced my finger wide open ! I 've had smaller cuts from carving knives ! Now I have a bloody book , a crappy booklight and a sore finger . Not a bargain !
 Monroe makes these shocks and they are SUPPOSED to have the best Lifetime warranty but they do n't . To me , `` Lifetime '' means that I never have to buy them again if they wear out . Most places use this definition but NOT MONROE!Most of the time you will never know that they do n't honor the warranty because you do n't keep your car long enough . I am one of those few people that kept the car for a long time and now my shocks are worn out again . Sorry NO WARRANTY FOR THAT ! Only if they break or leak . Wearing out is not covered !! I bought my shocks at SEARS and they wo n't help me . I will never buy Monroe shocks again and I will never buy from Sears Auto again . I recommend that you google `` sears auto scandle '' for many hours of interresting reading !
 Well its a nice looking unit , it was easy to install , but after driving My Truck I do n't care for the vibrating and dissorted mirror.If I did n't need a mirror right now I would probably send it back for refund .
 Edit
 The write up indicated , in fact I followed hot buttons to , a `` custom fit '' tray . The picture showed a tray that followed the contours of the space and fitted up from the tail gate to the brackets for the rear seat . I got a generic and undersized piece that was woefully deficient from what was promised . It was neither as wide as the space nor as deep as the space . Too much trouble to send back !
 Do n't waste your time with this strut mount . I had to re-thread the bolt holes . The holes that the bolts go through were not threaded . Delivery was late as well . I tried to cancel the order within a few hours of purchase and they would not cancel .
 I bought two of this mounting kits along with new springs and shocks to replace originals on my 2001 SAAB 9-5 SE Wagon . after putting everything together I tried to mount the new set and realized that this mounting brackets do not have threads for the bolts . tried to return it today , but yesterday was the last day for return policy -LRB- could n't do it earlier , was waiting for springs to arrive -RRB- . do not buy this product - it has manufacturers defect - it 's not threaded . go with different brand . `` Monroe '' is the worst quality . one of two `` Monroe '' shocks -LRB- that I got at amazon along with this kit -RRB- had uneven welding at the bottom spring holding plate . makes one side of my car higher than the other by 1/4 inch . my recommendation - go with different brand for all your suspension needs and test the product before your return policy expires . `` Monroe '' is waste of time and money .
 I received the ZTS battery tester as sold by Adorama via Amazon as a gift . Neat product but it only worked for a few minutes before failing . Unfortunately , Adorama return policies are much more restrictive and inconvenient than Amazon . Adorama did not exchange this item for a new one per my request . I recommend avoiding Adorama .
 I got this to test some batteries i had collected from around the house . I got a blank readings on about half the batteries I checked . That would be fine if it meant the batteries were dead , problem is , I get the same reading if I slip in the middle of the test and lose connection . Some batteries do n't register at all . In both these instances , I tried the batteries in my battery charger that has an lcd screen and half the time the batteries gave me a reading in it . My battery charger is n't portable though and only works with AA and AAA 's . Summarization
 For a 1/4 '' rachet , it 's almost useless . The Tee handle is great , but the backforce is so high with this rachet you 'll find yourself unassembling things more than assembling . Really a let down .
 Warning , what you get is not what is in the picture . You are only getting the red lens , not the single versalite that is in the picture . The Grote 90742 lens fits a lot of things besides the versalite series of light fixtures so I do n't know why that is in the title .
 the spray did not spray good , gummed up sprayed all over ... gel spray is a bad idea . . i really would like my money back ... mick
 I used this product according to instructions on the label to remove rust stains from a metal shower rail & did not work at all , I do not recommend anybody to buy it !
 i purchased these for my dually truck ... they installed easily and worked well ... then i went for a 100 mile drive . i pulled off the road when truck was driving sloppy -LRB- slide in camper was in the bed -RRB- ... i found both my outer rear tires flat . the connector had spun loose just a little which allowed the air to leak out ... they are now un-installed
 I bought this for my Mazda 6 . The usage menu said it was for my car . Not even close . Of course you do n't know this until you have the strut assy . already removed from the car . I had to reinstall the old assy . and order the correct part from the Mazda dealer .
 The picture does n't match with the descriptions . I recieve the Wheel Masters 180 Degree and the picture show one of 90 and 120 degree , not 180 . I waste my money . -LSB- ... -RSB- RGDSAndro Scaramelli
 i too was amazed $ 249.00 spark plugs fore only $ 9.99 that was my price 3 weeks ago , when i got the plugs they were not 6241 platunum they were 3.99 bosch plugs that sell at auto zone for $ 2.99 , when i called i was told that the 6241 's have been superseeded with the cheep ones that i got in the mail , trust me i do alot of shoping on amazon and i have never had any problems untill this retailer , dont waste your time IT A JOKE
 Not happy with this at all . The mirror shakes and vibrates so much it 's useless . It 's a big difference from the factory mirror I still have on the passenger side . A waste of money .
 I bought both belts for my car from Amazon . When I bought this item , it clearly stated that `` it fits Mazda Protege 1998 , 1.8 liter . When I recently took them to my mechanic , one was fine , but this one did not fit my car . Since the day -LRB- Oct. 18 -RRB- passed , I ca n't get the refund , except a partial , which will not be worthy because the shipping will probably cost as much as the `` partial refund '' . So , make sure , you check with some other places , if what you buy from Amazon really fits your car , because you ca n't trust what Amazon said.I will try to see if I can sell it through e-Bay , even though I do n't really know what type of car really fits . If not , I will probably give it away .
 Their products are made using cheap labor and substandard materials in CHINA . THey do not honor warranties , nor do they refund for defective merchandise . Do NOT buy anything from Baja Motorsports unless you just WANT to throw away money .
 at first i thought this a great price . then did a google search on pocket and dirt bikes . easily found three sites with bikes at same price , including shipping . but one site stood out -LRB- lg wholesale -RRB- who ahd much the same bike at 525including shipping , AND it was a honda clone with back end support . and they gave LOTS of info on the specs . the amazon site was lacking on such info and on any support , parts etc. . . buying this from amazon would be a pig in a poke , with possible problems wit service and parts . and with dirt bikes that is SURE to happen . i will go with the hinda clone at the lower price .
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 Product is fine cans are not 12oz they are 11oz which amounts to a whole can i am shorted over the case .
 Amazon website asked a questions of info about my car before I bought , when I tried to install this part , the inner end part of it that connects to the transmission is slightly larger in diameter , so it did n't fit.I took the part off of the old axle and transfer it to this DSS5905N and that 's the way i put it to service .
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 i bought this leakage tester thinking i was getting a quality leak down tester ... i turned out to be a complete waste of money . . this leakage tester is highly inaccurate and inconsistent leaving much to be desired . most of all the equipment is completely unstandardized . i have since machined my on using FAA 's specs ... if your a professional id recommend , maybe a Goodson , Thexton or Star leak down tester ... for the casual user who doesnt need the numbers , just buy a valve holder to pump air into the engine .
 I bought this a few years ago to cover my Miata with the top up or down . It 's nice that it packs up tightly and does n't take a lot of space , and works great on trips to Miatas at the Gap each year as I can cover the cockpit and not put the top up each night . When I am ready to roll , just remove the cover , throw it in the trunk and off we go . Also allows me to leave the top boot on.As others have said , the white color shows dirt very easily , and it never gets clean ... so once it 's dirty , it 's pretty much dirty for life . It would be much better if it came in black.Also , the fabric has worn thin on mine to the point where there are holes in it now ... it 's not ripped , but it certainly has n't lasted as long as I hoped it would , given the price.For thirty bucks , I think this would be an excellent value in a top , and I 'd probably buy a couple to keep on hand . However , at the seventy that it 's usually priced at , it 's not worth the money . A cheap full car cover from an auto parts store would work equally well , and cost less.So I 'm rating it at 2 stars because for the price , it 's not very good . If they were to cut the price in half , it would be worth 4 stars , for sure .
 We were excited to find a custom fit seat cover set for the aging seats in our Passat.The advertisement goes on and on about the fit . CAD designed just for your application . `` designed to fit as well as original upholstery '' `` The Coverking fit rivals the seat 's original upholstery `` Well not quite!I have personally designed using CAD , and I believe I could have achieved a better fit using pattern paper.You know how these days there is
 i have used it a few times and it dise not do what is said of the product the interior doea not come clean it does take up a little dust but thats it , it did not clean all the dust like it said it would
 If your interior is already cleaned , do n't use it . It will leave lots of lint on your dash . I have a one week new car and i wanted to keep my interior dust free . So I got this from Amazon with other car care products . I had applied some ArmorAll on my dash and leather seats to keep it protected . After a few days I am noticing some dusts are beginning to collect on my dash . So I wanted to start using this duster . After opening it brand new out of the blister pack , I used it on my dash and it left a trail of lint on my dash and door panel . I thought the duster is chemically treated so that it should `` Pick UP '' dust instead of leaving `` LINT '' ? Now I am not sure if I would ever use this again ...
 I have tried everything from shaking , to holding it out my car window while shakinging , and I can not get this thing to stop shedding . It leaves behind more dust than it picks up . Terrible . Unfortunately , it would probably cost as much to ship back as it cost . Spend the extra on a California Duster .
 Get a California Duster instead . This duster just moves around the dust and leaves lint everywhere . A waste of money ...
 I have a limited edition , high performance car with a lot of bespoke Alcantara trimming on the dash and the doors . This product left fuzz , lint and thread all over the interior . I ended up laboriously sucking everything up with a hand-vac . Disappointed .
 I purchased this `` Interior Car Duster '' expecting it to DUST the interior of my car ... my problem is that I interpreted this incorrectly . What it actually does is ADD dust and lint to your interior , falling apart and leaving pieces of itself on the very first use . Upon continued use -LRB- got ta give it a chance , right ? -RRB- I noticed that it actually did not pick up dust off of the dash , seats , door panels , screens ... it left its own lint , and more pieces of itself . I could see the dust floating in the interior every time I picked it up . What a pile of trash this is , avoid at every cost unless you are looking for something to actively add dust to your interior .
 I was extremely disappointed with these floor mats . They were cheaply constructed - so they have been returned . Got much nicer ones at Walmart !
 Received super fast shipping with super saver . Product construction is good - fit is poor . Had to struggle to get the pin into the receiver . Large gaps between the L2R and the bumper on either end . I will keep it , but I would not spend the money on it again .
 The `` Fit System '' replacement mirror sent to replace the the 1st `` Fit Systems '' mirror still vibrates in the mirror housing at hiway speeds . The vibration is the same on the replacement mirror as the 1st mirror.After talking to a technition at `` fit Systems '' he told me I could make a adjustment on the mirror to tighten the mirror in the housing to eliminate the vibration.This adjustment requires removing the from the car and reinstalling it and I have not had time to do this as yet.My question to `` Fit Systems '' is why they did not ship me a mirror that was correctly adjusted?I am not very happy with this product but I will try to make it work .
 I was extremely disappointed with these floor mats . They were cheaply constructed - so they have been returned . Got much nicer ones at Walmart !
 broke the first day of use . i used it on 3 cars after that the gage was reading at 80 lbs . of pressure no matter what the correct air pressure was
 The product inflates tires . It is supposed to have a built in pressure gauge , which it does , even if it is totally inaccurate . I was very disappointed in this product . The seller shipped it in a timely fashion , and it arrived in good shape . It is just an inferior product . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought this steering wheel for my husband for Father 's Day . He installed it on his classic car , so it 's only been driven 3-4 times at the most , since he installed it . It was in beautiful shape when it arrived -LRB- it was sold as a new item -RRB- but the chrome is popping off the spokes already . I contacted the company , Grant , and they told me that buying their products on Amazon voids the warranty . So we have no recourse ; we will just chalk it up to a lesson learned .
 You need to edit your ads for adco spare tire covers . When you click on the icons to see the item.there is a cover latch -LRB- I think -RRB- shown instead . I looked at more than one of the adco covers , and the samething on all of them . It 's not likely you 'll sell what ca n't be viewed .
 You need to edit your ads for adco spare tire covers . When you click on the icons to see the item.there is a cover latch -LRB- I think -RRB- shown instead . I looked at more than one of the adco covers , and the samething on all of them . It 's not likely you 'll sell what ca n't be viewed .
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 You need to edit your ads for adco spare tire covers . When you click on the icons to see the item.there is a cover latch -LRB- I think -RRB- shown instead . I looked at more than one of the adco covers , and the samething on all of them . It 's not likely you 'll sell what ca n't be viewed .
 the smell was waaaaaaaaaaay to strong and all the flowers fell apart when i opened the package so i didnt even get to hang it ... i just kinda sprinkled them around the car
 Buy alternative product , excell coil for Dodge V-8 's 1991 t0 2003Older Dodge V-8 's need more spark voltage than this product can provide . Buy the Excell super coil instead which increases available voltage from 32K to 42K and your engine will perform much better .
 You need to edit your ads for adco spare tire covers . When you click on the icons to see the item.there is a cover latch -LRB- I think -RRB- shown instead . I looked at more than one of the adco covers , and the samething on all of them . It 's not likely you 'll sell what ca n't be viewed .
 I know these are aftermarket , but when you get the package and flip it over , these flaps are `` designed '' to fit 100 + makes and models . These are not cut specifically for any car vendor or come with any special mounting hardware . The seller was EXCELLENT . This review is not to critisize the seller , only the brand of the mudflap .
 `` New car smell '' does not smell like a new car . I do n't really know what this air freshener smells like , but it 's not a new car . It smelled worse than the smell I was trying to eliminate from my car.I would suggest getting the original scent and a can of glade lavender and vanilla , these two sprays together will eliminate the smell you 're trying to get out of the air , and leave behind a clean spring time scent .
 Ozium &#34; New Car Scent &#34; freshener should be banned from the market . I 'm dissapointed in Amazon as I got no response back about returning this product . The shipping company was &#34; The Auto Alley &#34; , probably one of the worst companies I tried to deal with . The product burned my eyes and made me sick . I got no response back from anybody .
 This is not even close to new car smell at all , do n't waste your money . You 're much better off with those Yankee Candles , and they 're cheaper .
 This gauge is supposed to be 1-5 PSI , but instead is 10-50 psi . I know this sounds low , but my tires have a max operating pressure of 5 psi . The 1-20 psi gauge I have is hard to read @ 4-5 psi . I did n't really believe it would be 1-5 psi , but I did a Google search on the model # , and everyone showed it at this psi . I guess the mfgt . made the error , & vendors did n't bother to correct it .
 These are crap . Bought two and the definition in the bends is crap . Look at the pics that I posted up . Do n't waste your time and money on these .
 ACDelco 540-74 Shock Absorber do not come with upper busing/absorber , nor washer , nor nut . You need to purchase these items from a dealer .
 They sent me the right packaging , but the wrong belt . And it took three weeks to get here . This is the last and final time I order from amazon !
 If you like a rough ride get these shocks thats all they are good for . these shocks are not what they are made out to be .
 It was very frustrating getting it in - would n't fit . Yes it is the right one . It gets 2 stars for being sturdy - I know , because the frustration led to it getting drop kicked across the shop . Probably not returnable as a result . GM gets a poor review for dinking up the air intake . My '03 Duramax air filters just dropped in , no problem . K & N will probably call it precise engineering . I call it just making life more difficult than it needs to be . I will still use K & N in my other vehicles but if you have an '08 Duramax I do n't recommend it . Any product requiring that much aggravation wo n't get many stars . Open note to K & N
 I was so impressed after reading about the 1 Million Mile Warranty , I ordered this filter for my 2008 Silverado 2500HD , Duramax 6.6 L. Amazon 's fast delivery had it to me in 2 days . I was heading on a 500 mile road trip , and hoped this would help with fuel economy and performance . WRONG!Three miles down the road and the warning lights started , Engine Lost Power , Change Air Filter , Service Engine Soon , and then I was on the side of the road.Called H&N ; , the rep stated that `` some '08 Duramax will not except this filter , and I should return to the OEM Filter . '' THANKS ! A little too late for that , after I 'm out here dodging traffic without an OEM Filter in my glovebox.Removing the top access cover allowed me to limp back home and remove the problem cartridge .
 Had to return this item after the check engine light came on.Filter allows to much air with disrupts the MASS air flow sensors.Had to replace with stock AC Delco paper filter .
 I purchased a K & N air filter for my Chevy Silverado 2500HD DuraMax . So far have not been able to get it to fit properly . Pretty disappointed in this product .
 Replacing the OEM filter with the K & N did not help performance or mileage disappointed in my 2006 GMC Sierra
 If you like a rough ride get these shocks thats all they are good for . these shocks are not what they are made out to be .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 Ordered It , Arrived 2 Days later . I Opened Package , And Received Wrong Sensor . . Disappointment . It was the Same Wire Input But Was Too Long To Fit Rubber Grommet . For Some Reason It Was made Of Copper ? I DO N'T Recommend This To ANYBODY .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 When I first purchased this , I have to admit I thought it was a great idea . I soon learned it was a great idea gone wrong . After only two uses , the spout cap cracked when I tightened it . It 's not like I wrenched on it very hard either . Unfortunately I will be recycling this pan along with the used oil in it - if I do n't spill half of it on the way to the dump .
 Score for this item should be a NEGATIVE five . If you want to drain your oil into something that you then have to empty into something else IMMEDIATELY , then buy this . If you want an actual CONTAINer that HOLDS OIL - DO N'T BUY THIS ! Cheapest design EVER . The engineers that made this should be smacked in the face repeatedly .
 Terrible Product . Like others mentioned it does not seal . Plus after a very short time of owning it the cap had disintegrated and what little goodit did in the first place is now useless . Find another oil pan as this one is not what you want
 DO NOT BUY THIS , IT LEAKS EVERYWHERE AND IT 'S CHEAPLY MADE . DO N'T BE FOOL BY THE PRICE . I GOT ONE AT WALMART AND WISH I DID N'T
 I bought this about a year ago and hate it . It leaks incessantly from the spout . There is excess molding everywhere on the thing , in the form of sharp edges . This has made an absolute mess in my garage . What happened Blitz ? You used to be of the highest quality and engineering . The lid that comes on an Aquafina bottle seals infinitely greater than this one . I wish Nalgene made an oil drain pan .
 I bought this drain pan thinking it was like the ones I had 10 years ago and left at my parents house . No problems with the oil change at all , but the the pan receives failing marks on the storage aspect . The cap , as some others have stated , does n't fully tighten and does n't have a gasket of any kind . What 's worse is mine cracked and the oil leaked out all over the bed of the truck I was working .
 I bought this for my son since I have owned a similar Pan for many years that is pretty tough . This item is much cheaper in material -LRB- TOO THIN -RRB- and Plug seals do n't work well . I had to sand down the rough edges of the center pan PLUG
 I got to use this twice before the large screw on cap that is for draining the full container cracked and started dripping oil onto my garage floor . Not cool at all.EDIT
 I have bought two of these , kept each for about 2 years , although both failed after a couple of uses . The cap on the pour spot is made of very thin plastic . It must be tightened quite a bit to keep it from leaking , but just a little too tight will cause the cap to crack . Once the cap is cracked , it will leak no matter what you do , even if you immediately dump the pan into another container , the residual oil will still seep out and get everywhere . I just learned to always leave it on a bunch of blue towels , but I have finally decided enough is enough and am going to switch to an old school open metal pan.Don ' t even think about putting this in a car with oil in it to take to recycling place , it will always have to be dumped into another container .
 This pan is a piece of junk ! I did n't even get one oil change out of it before it started leaking . This is my third one , and I for sure wo n't be buying another ! What a joke . Avoid at all costs !
 Steer clear ! This product will just frustrate you every bit of the way . They used to make a really good model but now it is n't worth 99cents .
 I 've gone through at least six of these for my truck , every one of them is cheaply made and the center screw seal will always leak . I need the volume of the container , but I wish they would improve the quality so I dont have to buy a new one every year .
 The shape and size of this drain pan promises to be just what I need . It does n't fail on that aspect , its the execution . As others have said repeatedly the cap on the spout does n't seal . Mine does hold at least 15 quarts but the end of the spout is lower than 15 so oil is coming out before my F-250 Powerstroke 's 15 quart crankcase is drained . The hole in the center is not big enough . Oil drains from my Powerstroke faster than this pan will fill . Overflow . Big mess . Its barely good enough if one removes the center plug rather than pull it up and half twist lock it open . Mine is slightly different from the picture in that my caps are green while the ones shown are yellow.Bought a 9 quart pan from Walmart 25 years ago that has provided excellent service with none of the above problems . However I know better than to drain a 15 quart engine into a 9 quart pan , hence the purchase of this 15 quart pan.Have since put a Fumoto valve on the truck and can now drain directly into empty gallon jugs . Close the valve when the gallon is full . Put another under and repeat .
 This is the worst oil drain pan that I 've ever used . I 've purchased multiple of them over the years , as a quick solution , and again , giving the benefit-of-the-doubt . All of them have been messy and have leaked . The drain cap on the spout is a joke . There 's no gasket , no seal , nothing other than plastic against plastic -LRB- think milk jug -RRB- ; it also cracks on the second or third tightening . The top of the oil drain pan retains a lot of oil . By that I mean that it has a large surface area to clean when you 're finished using it , prior to storage . Also , if it is set outside overnight , hope that it does n't rain or acquite water from condensation as this will be a big mess . And if you forget to screw the middle cap completely -LRB- this middle cap is a joke as well , no gasket , no seal , and it breaks easily -RRB- then water will contaminate the oil and you can no longer recycle it.If you want a low-quality , leaky , messy oil drain pan , then this one is for you !
 This pan is terrible and not worth the plastic its made out of ! Ok , so the engineer that made it did a good job with the large catch area , BUT what the hell is up with the caps ? My four year old son could tell you that this screw on cap is not going to seal . Coca cola can make a sealing lid for cheap , but not this company . IT IS NOT DESIRABLE TO HAVE A LEAKY OIL PAN . DO NOT BUY THIS MY FELLOW AMERICANS ! IT SUCKS AND WILL MAKE A MESS ON YOUR CONCRETE ! Maybe its marketed by jiffy lube ...
 Total garbage . Do not waste your money . Leaks badly . The cap can not be tightened down enough to prevent it from leaking .
 I have this pan , have disliked it for some time . I find it awkward to use , leaky ; and the top plug broke right away . I would advise buying something else .
 I thought I would give this item a chance regardless of the bad reviews , but like everyone here has experienced , this thing totally blows for its purpose , the oil will leak through the crappy plastic cap and the design on top is not deep enough to give the oil to splash inside the pan so it will splash along the top and run along the sides as well . Cheap plastic and the top is not removable .
 This one leaks , despite only adding 9 quarts of motor oil . The screw top on the nozzle portion of this product leaks , as it is not designed to fully tighten . It 's one of those cheap screw top mechanisms that loosens again if you tighten too much . As such , there 's a slow drip .
 this is bunk , it leaks , doesnt drain well , and is a mess . dont buy it
 On my first use , with only 4 quarts of oil in this `` 15 quart '' pan , both caps leaked with just minimal movement of the pan . The cap on the spout can not be torked , it just slips . You could not safely transport oil in this pan , even if it was just to carry it across the garage to empty into a bigger container . DO NOT put this pan in your car with oil in it .
 Do n't waste your time with this . The pour nozzle leaks because it does not have sealing surface for the cap . It also does not hold 15qts ; more like 14 .
 The spout cap either does n't tighten or actually breaks . Then it just leaks oil every where . Why has the world been taken over by this terrible Blitz company ? Everything they make is garbage and it seems to be all that is available .
 Both the front drain cap and the top fill cap will not seal . In other words , oil will not stay in the container ; Oil drain pan that will not hold oil = useless
 Having been burned by this product and their terrible spill proof gas nozzle replacement I have to ask ... do these guys do any testing during the design of the their products ? Or is it right out the door from conception?This thing is a mess . A regular bucket would work better . It leaks all the time . It 's almost as if the oil defies gravity and walks up the pan 's walls , down that spout and slow drips out . And God help you if you lose -LRB- or leave out the center plug -RRB- when you move it . Get ready for a nice splash of oil to the face . I understand changing oil can be messy if you 're a careless fool . But you should n't have to walk around like your carrying nitroglycerin.Here 's how they can improve the design : * Upturned drain spout * Real threading on all plugs , nuts and caps * Deeper bowl and higher edges * Square/rectangular shape * Yellow in color so you can see where oil droplets are for cleanup * Capacity level window -LRB- though color change may help with this -RRB- And yes , Blitz if you 're reading this , I would pay a premium for all of this . Because right now you seem to be the only drain pan manufactures around .
 Under perfect laboratory conditions or when used with a small engine , I suppose you may be able to make this work . However , if your vehicle has a large engine with an appropriately large oil volume , I would recommend staying away from this product in the strongest possible terms , unless you enjoy cleaning up large oil spills from the floor of your garage or patio.I have a 7.3 liter diesel engine in my truck which takes 14 quarts of oil at every change . I was attracted to this particular product because most other oil pans are far too small for the oil volumes that I am dealing with . The problem with this pan lies in the incredibly small size of the drain hole itself as well as the even tinier exhaust vent ... both are so small that if you completely remove the drain plug from your vehicle 's oil pan and allow the oil to flow out quickly , the volume of oil quickly rises in the catch basin and can overflow the sides , and it absolutely will overflow if there is the slightest obstruction of dirt or other particulate matter impeding either the input of oil or the outflow of air . The tolerances are way too tight for real-world use in that it simply does not allow a fast enough drain from the pan 's catch basin into it 's reservoir.I 've used oil pans with previous -LRB- smaller -RRB- vehicles that have had very wide mouths to carry the oil to the reservoir ... I 'll be looking for one of those in coming days.A profound disappointment that I would not wish anyone else to experience .
 This was the worst purchase I made in a long time . The center plug pops out just a little bit so oil can drain under it . During one of my first few times using this drain pan the plug fell in to the hole , closing it off . A bunch of hot oil rushed over the edges of the pan and made a huge mess . I decided to continue using the pan but going forward I took the little plug out completely . A few oil changes later the drain plug from the car fell in to the pan , in to the pan 's drain opening , and plugged it off . The exact same thing happened as before . This is the worst oil pan design ever.Another thing that is kind of annoying is that the top of the drain pan will always be oily and dirty , even after wiping it down . This makes it a nuisance for storing . The caps leak like crazy . Do yourself a favor and buy a regular old pan or something with a different design .
 I 've had this item for over a year , and have just about filled it to the top without any leaks.However , that has n't kept my driveway free from oil spots.The design itself is pretty decent in some regards , but could be improved on . For instance , the center hole -LRB- do n't even bother with the little plug ... you 'll lose it -RRB- is small enough to prevent your drain plug from falling in to the container . However , this means that you ca n't let the drain plug drop from your oil pan ... if you do , you 've got about five seconds to fish it out of the hot oil , before oil goes everywhere but inside of the container.And do n't forget to open the breather , or else the oil will come out faster than it can go in the drain hole , and you 'll have a mess to clean up.Did you plan on actually emptying the pan ? Well , you 'd better stock up on shop towels and kitty litter . There 's no way to get the cap off , without spilling oil . And be careful with that cap ... it 's designed in such a way that it will slip out of your now oil-soaked shop towel , and in to whatever you were using to drain the oil in to.There 's a raised area for draining oil filters , which is a great idea . However , it does n't work very well . If you have a filter large enough for the bumps to keep it tilted , you 'll recover some oil . If your car uses a smaller filter , balancing it on the bumps without blocking the flow of oil is more irritating than having a filter with a little oil in it.I guess it 's an improvement over the oil pans of the 50 's , but I would n't buy this again .
 Scraping blade is flat , so ice removal on curved windshield comes in one inch wide increments.Might prove useful in fending off zombies long enough to pull out your gun .
 single brush strip , so wont be that strong to clean . but oky according to the price . i would buy more better one though .
 Last time I purchased them they came in a nice sleeve . These are awkward and only have a band to wrap around them .
 Wire popped out of the edge within 2 months of buying . It was a real waste of money . I ca n't use it anymore because the little metal wire is pretty sharp and can also scratch my interior !
 I 've had these types of shades for years . I even bought my dad one . My would not fold the way it should of after the first time . It was frustrating ! I just ended up throwing it in the backseat , and because it did n't really fit my windshield , I just tossed it and got the crinkly one from a gas station for the same price . It 's not as frustrating !
 I got these sunshades because I used to have similar ones back in the 90 's and I loved them . The accordion shade I have now is cumbersome to fold inside a small car -LRB- in this case a Honda Civic -RRB- , and I remembered the little oval ones being easier to collapse . Plus , they fit in the pocket in the driver door - whereas the accordion type has to be maneuvered into the rear floorboard.The fabric in THESE shades is more like a type of tinfoil than fabric . Anywhere it wrinkles it creases and the metallic coating starts to flake away . Without the metallic coating , the screen blocks no light at all - making the shades increasingly ineffective . They should have skipped the metallic coating , used instead a thicker material - perhaps block out lining material like they use in curtains?Anyway - not worth the $ $ $ , even at just $ 8 . My $ 4 old accordion shade is more effective .
 I ordered these because the page suggested they would be the aluminized reflective shades , but what came was the nonreflecting plasticized cloth shades . They are much hotter -LRB- but durable -RRB- , and you can get them at any auto parts store . `` Styles May Vary '' should really say `` Product May Vary '' , since a `` Style '' would be some printing , slogan or pattern on the shade.So I went to Wal Mart and found them on the shelf . Apparently there is no indication on the package which kind it contains , so you have to visually inspect it before buying . In any case , the reflective sheet is very fragile , so that may be why they are so hard to find . I actually reinforce them around the edge with clear tape , then they last about 3 years .
 Though it says it is a Jumbo size and it fits an Honda Odyssey . It is a bit smaller than advertised.It think it should be at least 1.5 in bigger to fit OK , and about 2in bigger to fix well.It barely stays in place . It works on the Accord though , as the windshield is smaller .
 Jsut used the product for roughly about a week and the refletive silver is already cracking . The size is just right but doesnt seem to block much heat . Would return but not worth wasting time to pack and send back . Very dissappointed .
 After about a week of using the shades , one of the shades shrunk , I think because of the constant heat . The shade will not fold properly . I would not recommend these shades .
 Folding is very tricky - you 're supposed to be able to fold and roll them up but they just bend , and then they do n't fit flatly against the windshield any more . Right into garbage after one use . Honestly I 'm a careful and meticulous guy and these are just hopeless . So much so that I 'm driven to write my first review ever .
 Everything started out well . It did help a little to keep the car cooler . Here is where the `` BUT '' comes in . I am extremely careful when closing this product and putting it away . However the other day when attempting to fold it up as I usually do the wire that runs around the outside of the shade snapped . Now I only have one that actually works . I have not contacted the company since I have had for a couple of months and I do n't want to hear that I have to pay shipping and handling again .
 Product is made of very thin material . It has multiple pin holes in it . It does help keep the inside of my car cooler , I just do n't think it 's going to last very long because of the small holes .
 I had a spring type sun shade in my other cars . My Honda Fit has a much larger windshield , so I ordered first the Jumbo shade 28X31 which was n't large enough , came in two panels and was nearly impossible to fold , then I ordered Super Jumbo magic sunshade 31 x 38 inches http://www.amazon.com/Basix-Magic-Shade-Sunshade-Styles/dp/B000G72UOQ -LRB- out of stock at Amazon -RRB- do n't bother looking . The Super Size shades are even harder to fold , I gave up and they are sitting unfolded in my garage.Yes , I have a garage at home , and drive to work and park in a garage , but on a hot day I would like to pop open a sun shade to cool my car , but these products are lousy compared to the old ones that fit the standard car windows .
 I probably pick the wrong size . Yes ! Folding is a big problem , unless you get the tricky part of it . It does not keep the car any cooler in my opinion . The steering wheel was still pretty hot during the summer ... Maybe it would have been hotter ... I do not know .
 BOUGHT THIS COIL ON JAN. 2010 , CAME IN WITH A BROKEN TERMINAL . RECEIVED RMA ON FEB. 2010 . INSTALLED ON FEB. 2010 AND WORKED FOR ONE YEAR TWO MONTHS AND SHOWN CHECK ENGINE LIGHT CODE P0300 -LRB- RANDOM MISSED FIRE -RRB- . RESET SEVERAL TIMES AND CAME BACK . FINALLY PULLED IT OUT ON APRIL 2011 AND PUT OLD ONE BACK IN . VERY POOR QUALITY CONTROL .
 The Design Tech Deluxe Remote Car Starter comes with excellent features and a compact remote . The problem is , the item I received did not work.All wires were hooked up appropriately and double check with a test kit . Once hooked up , there was no response from the unit . After hours of attempting to troubleshoot , I looked online at Design Tech 's website for local authorized installers in the hopes that they might be able to answer my question.Unfortunately the three `` authorized '' installers in my area REFUSED to touch Design Tech 's equipment because , and I quote `` they 're too difficult to work with . We have n't had much success . `` A little alarmed by this response , I attempted to contact the company using their 800 number during their live tech support hours . After waiting 1/2 on hold with no approximate wait time and no end in sight , I hung up and decided instead to return the defective unit back .
 EASY AND CLEAR STEPS TO FOLLOW IN INSTALLATION , ALTHOUGH THE UNIVERSAL REMOTE IS REALLY BAD , FEELS VERY CHEAP ... TACHLESS MODE WORKS GREAT , BUT FINDING SERVICE AND TECH SUPPORT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE ... GOOD LUCK CONTACTING THEM !
 I had this alarm professionally installed by PepBoys -LRB- which is DesignTech 's recommended professional installer -RRB- . After the initial installation with all the wiring was done , PepBoys found out that the brain was defective . They confirmed this as well with several tests that they did . After being on the phone with DesignTech 's horrible customer service , and several faxes later , they sent me a new brain , and I just mailed out the defective old brain with a prepaid mailing label that they provided . After my 2nd visit with PepBoys , it was the same problem . And yes , DesignTech sent me a defective replacement . Several more calls and faxes later , I got the 3rd one , and that one turned out ok.The features worked fine , and the batteries lasted me a long time . But the fob themselves are made up of really cheap looking plastic -LRB- even the silver one -RRB- . Other than that , it worked fine . I got a new truck , and this time I 've invested in an AudioVox system -LRB- sold under the Pursuit brand -RRB- and I love that everything is so integrated and easier to upgrade . I still had a professional install it and I 've never had any problems with it .
 Had to send back the Car Starter because it was n't stated that you willalso need a bypass switch that cost about $ 80 and I think it needs tobe installed by a prof. I called a prof and he stated it 's $ 150 an hrto work on installing the switch and/or starter . And the Keyless Entrybuttons looked and feel like toys , very cheap plastic nothing like myFord remote .
 I am really sad because a really good company like Amazon has this bad quality item . The one that I got did n't work , you better take a good look of what are you selling .
 This was really cheesy looking and did not work . A waste of time and money .
 Had the DesignTech 23326 system in a Dodge Caravan since 1999 . Finally lost the last remove 11/2012 . Try to find a replacement ... their phone line gives you the runaround for as long as you put up with it ... `` please call back during regular business hours ... '' uhm yeah this is Saturday 12:20 pm , so you should be open according to your hours which you just recited ... Many places sell such a remote transmitter -LSB- for $ 50 + shipping - not much less than the entire system cost -RSB- ... but they claim the one that looks like our remote 23361 is not for our system 23326 ... different frequencies . Factory paperwork has nothing about the frequency , FCC number , or anything else that would HELP in getting the correct remote . At $ 50 a pop , we can not afford to guess which remote is correct . So , great product , but ZERO USEFUL TECH SUPPORT . Can not even speak to a person at all .
 Item did not work , sent back to Manufacture for replacement . Not sure I will get one .
 if it will work . I have a GPS locater alarm in my Dodge Magnum and after reading the instructions I 'd prefer not to install it . There are too many things that can happen in that I coulc get stuck without my vehicle .
 not even close to the right item . you put in the make model year style of your van & get something totally different .
 A bit skeptical about paying such a large amount for a ignition system but it was the only one available on amazon so I purchased it . After receiving it I tried to install and it didnt even have enough space to clear the timing bolt . I checked the compatible bike list multiple times to make sure the part was supposed to fit and it was clearly stated it would fit .
 I have returned this item and am waiting to see if i ever get my money back , or i would be honest of how wrong the discription was of the vehical this would fit ! Not even close !
 I have returned this item and am waiting to see if i ever get my money back , or i would be honest of how wrong the discription was of the vehical this would fit ! Not even close !
 I have returned this item and am waiting to see if i ever get my money back , or i would be honest of how wrong the discription was of the vehical this would fit ! Not even close !
 This cap does ` nt even have metal inserts where the cap is screwed to the distributor . CHEAP ! The knock-off brands are made much better than this . Wo n't be buying ANYTHING with AC-Delco on it again !
 I just got done spending 5 hours replacing the plugs on my Ford F-150 5.4 L , using the Autolite HT1 plugs & subsequently have a miss on the # 8 cylinder . My mechanic friend says he has learned to use ONLY the Ford Motorcraft plugs for the F-150 . I now have to laboriously swap out all of these Autolite plugs . Extremely frustrating .
 Received the product missing the hardware to attach the wheels . Poor packaging or too cheap to include the nuts and bolts .
 Horrible creeper ! very , very uncomfortable , no head rest , poor quality . go with the `` jeepers creepers '' creeper . very comfortable with a nice headrest
 Another great tool maker selling Harbor Freight Junk.Tool looked cheap . I have had two of these and they used tobe great , well made , this one looks a mess.I sent it back and rebuilt an older model.Sad . Stop buying this junk folks , demand better .
 I bought this alarm because it had exactly the features I was looking for at a reasonable price . The installation was very passive , without all the annoying alarms that ask a passerby to step back , or huge lcd readout on the keychain.The first problem was that the trunk would randomly pop when the alarm was turned off . Not all the time , but enough that it required checking every time the doors were unlocked . Then the door locking became unreliable.For the install time and frustration in use , this rate very poorly with me .
 I have owned a Powermate 400 for 26 months and used it for probably not over 20 hours supplying a VCR -LRB- 50W -RRB- on two vacations . The last time I used it I turned off the VCR and the inverter fault light started blinking and you could smell smoke coming from same . Being two months over warranty there is no adjustment . I feel that I should have gotten more service than I did and would recommend not taking a chance on this product .
 The inverter supplies power , but at a cost . The cooling fan seems to be a huge draw on the DC power source -LRB- battery -RRB- if left connected for an extended period . In addition the power provided has such a bad shape -LRB- the modified sine wave -RRB- that most devices make a humming or crackling type of noise . I was unable to use this inverter to power the following due to the noise
 I used the 400 watt unit -LRB- 800 watt peak -RRB- on a box fan rated at 250 watts . The fan barely spun on low and buzzed and after about 30 seconds and then inverter failed in a puff of smoke . Returned the unit and got a second unit with the same result . I guess these units are not good for a box fan even if rated to handle it .
 There IS a major difference between this after-market air filter and a dealer filter . It 's flimsy , and collapses inside the chamber for the air filter , causing both drag AND bad computer -LRB- Check Engine -RRB- readings on your vehicle . The difference in the rigidity of this filter vs. Toyota 's filter is astounding ... like night and day ! Spend the extra money , buy the factory filter , and be done with it . I can not be more disappointed -LRB- after spending over $ 1400 to replace the Air Flow Meter that sits on-top of the air filter -RRB- .
 The K&N did n't do much for my gas efficiency . Which is what I was really looking for . Plus the horse power wasnt anything special . It may have added 10 horses . The only thing that I some what liked about it , is the noise change , you can deffinatly tell
 I 've had this K&N on my Jeep Wrangler for several months now and have found that it really does not give me any gains in fuel economy or horsepower . At best , I 've noticed it does make the exhaust system sound a little louder but that does not translate to any performance boost in freeway , street , or off-road driving . To be honest , I did n't buy this system because of any claims by the manufacturer that it would boost fuel or performance , I bought it so I would n't have to replace the air filter as often . I live in an extremely dusty area and do a lot of off-roading . The K&N is easy to clean and eliminates the need to constantly buy the stock paper filters . It also seems to filter better than the stock filters . If you 're looking for the performance boost that K&N claims then I would n't waste your money on this system , if you 're just looking for a more efficient air filter over stock then try it but it is expensive for what you get .
 the site told me this belt fit my blazer not even close they told me i had to pay for shipping back for there mistake , ripoff in my opinion . stay away far far away from this company
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 Radial Tire Patch KtRubber patchs were ok , however rubber cement included in kit did not get sticky to cement patch to tire.buffed area of hole before applying however cement pulled away from rubber of tire and patch did not bond to tire.redid patch using spray adhesive and patch appears to have bonded to tire . Would not purchase again or recommend .
 It works as advertised , except record time is only 17 Seconds , not 30 . Audio quality is acceptable , but no better . Record button does not work every time , but usually works after a reboot . It works for my purposes , but I would have preferred the 30 seconds advertised . I will be contacting Wolo .
 Horrible line-in sound quality . Barely better with the mic.If you `` honked '' this horn at someone when you drove by , they would think that a giant static noise generator was about to crush them to death.What a dissapointment .
 Sound quality is subpar and it really needs a noise suppressor to even be useful -LRB- bad alternator noise bleeds through -RRB- , but for the price it 's somewhat decent quality and does the intended job .
 I purchased this for my now ex . At the same time , I purchased a heat shield or window shade from another vendor for a BMW that was slightly more expensive . It is now more than a year later.This Jeep window shade does work . Unfortunately , it is flimsy and thin . So with usage , it has several creases and flops over if not installed just so . The BMW window shade is at least three times thicker and with a felt-like interior , reflective exterior . Its cardboard like construction allows it to stay in place with careless installation . Its thickness contributes to a cooler interior.While the Jeep `` heat shield '' does reduce interior temperatures somewhat , in comparison to another , it is not nearly as satisfactory .
 This product do n't fit a 2004 545i BMW , can not return it waited to long before it opened box I will not order this product again .
 doesnt include ingle Inlet Pipe , Exits On Passenger Side Rear Corner , Includes Intermediate Pipe , Ultra Flo Muffler Welded , Single Tail Pipe , Clamps
 I installed a set of these Superwinch locking hubs on my 1996 Trooper -LRB- daily driver 99.9 % highway use -RRB- about 2 years ago . I own 3 Troopers . Two I will drive off road , they have Warn or Aisin -LRB- OEM -RRB- hubs only , and it will stay that way . Read on : The hardware provided by Superwinch will work if you go out of your way to be very very careful . The catch is to make sure the lock washers do not extend wider than the vehicles hub , or you will never get an OEM wheel back on the vehicle . The lock washers provided are too big and have an inside diameter to great to properly seat with the size bolts used on the Isuzu . They easily become eccentric to the bolt head , moving outward when torqued in place . The trick I used was to tap the washer toward the center of the hub as the bolt is tightened , and if it moved outward on final torque , loosen that bolt and start over.When I recently removed the locking hubs for brake service and to repack the wheel bearings , I found one of them had presumably leaked from the dial face as the interior parts were rusted , and some of the Torx head screws had rusted in the drive flange . One had to be drilled out to remove the hub body . I called Superwinch and followed their instructions to return the hub under warranty with my receipt from Amazon.com . Again this is a road vehicle , and had not been driven through standing water , or off a graded path . When FedEx attempted delivery to the address I was instructed to use , someone at Superwinch redirected the delivery to another location resulting in FedEx charging me a $ 10.00 fee for the redirected delivery . A phone call to Superwinch verified delivery , but no action had yet been taken at 3 days from receipt of the defective hub . Follow-up emails -LRB- 2 -RRB- and a letter have met with absolutely no response from Superwinch and it has been over a month since they received the defective hub . So much for the lifetime warranty , but consider this before you buy .
 the item does not reach the destination.Please send to : Total commerce Pentabox DBA1557 NW 82 Av Doral FL 33126Ph . 305-591-1161 Fax 786-6937605
 The filter had less pleats -LRB- 18 -RRB- compared to my old Fram air filter -LRB- 30 -RRB- . More pleats means more surface area for filtering the air . The rubber around the edges were loose and did n't form a proper seal .
 This filter has about half the filter media of the stock item . I expected better from Wix .
 It looks pretty but it does not stay on the sit securely . The elastic on the bottom does not provide a tight fitting . It looks bulky and clumpsy on the seat .
 I bought this generator one month ago yesterday . It NEVER RAN !!!!!!! I called this company for several days , so they told me to bring it to a service center . I did , well it turns out that the connecting rod was broke . The company refused to fix it because they said it was ran without oil . You ca n't run it without oil , it has an oil sensor switch . So I bought this and now must hire a lawyer . SO MUCH for american manufacturing . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!
 This mirror does not fit exactly right on my 2000 camry . There is a quarter-inch gap between the top edge of the assembly and the door . I wish I had tried to see if it fit before painting it ...
 The basketball magnet curls up at the ends . It does not stick very well to my car . I just removed it before I lost it
 Was disappointed in the fact that these were 1 and 1/2 of a set not a full set of seat covers . The velcro did not work well and the bottom portion would not stay on the drivers seat . Not at all satisfied ... but for the money thought it would be a good deal . Get what you pay for .
 Just opened my package and could not have been more diapointed . The mirror housing is plastic and would not stand up to a large insect strike in my opinion . The bracket to hold it onto the vehicle was thin and flimsy and poorly machined . The final straw was when I tool it out of the package and turned it over their was no mirror ! The whole mirror setup looked terrible and was useless . This is going back and I am going to go hit the junkyad now that I have seen just how nasty this can get .
 It fit just as its supposed to . Problem is after two weeks , the hinge and brackets against the door have rust pits . Looks like I will be replacing them with in a year .
 Purchased this to replace one I had from Auto Zone , because it was about 3 $ less than the Auto Zone replacement , problem with this one is the straps do not have a buckle on them you must attach a plastic buckle to the metal bed . Not easy and not going to last , so I took straps from old one to a upholstery shop to sew on and replace these , cost me an additional $ 10.00 . Plus this one is about 4 '' shorter length wise than the standard width of regular GMC bed . Your on your own , I do not recommend .
 I had to return these covers because they do not stay on my leather seats . I was getting a wear spot on my seats from getting in and out of my car . Each time i got in or out of my car i would have to reset the cover . No good unless you have material other than leather to cover .
 The quality was fine ; however , it did not fit the seats as stated . It bulged in areas and unable to stretch enough to reach around the lower part of the seat .
 These seat covers do n't fit well even though the model and year were chosen . I have leather seats and the bottom portion will not stay in place because of a lack of effective -LRB- meaning none whatsoever -RRB- latching on the front -LRB- leg area -RRB- of the seat . There is a large gap between the seat and torso area as well . Hope this helps save someone else the hassle I 've been through .
 Bought this along with Superwinch winch and wiring kit for my boy friend 's car trailer . Had shipped quickly as shop said they could install the following week . Two months later they finally installed the winch and said this accessory kit was for getting trucks out of mud , not loading cars in trailers . So I 'm stuck with a $ 170 item to try and sell . May be treat for trucks stuck in mud , but not for car hauler trailers . Did look like really quality products .
 I received these window shades -LRB- if that 's what you could call them -RRB- on time but although they were flat with tissue in between , they were hard to apply to my windows without having tons of air bubbles . They were too large for my Jeep 2005 Liberty although they were stated to fit . After a couple of days of trying to get them smooth on the windows I attempted to roll the windows down , they caused the stripping around the bottom of the windows to pull inward and stick . Eventually I took them off and threw them away !
 I recently bought Suntune automotive gauges for my car , and I needed the metric adapter for the oil pressure gauge . I am quite happy with the gauges , but the adapter 's are junk . Mine snapped off in the block with hardly any effort at all . Fortunately , it was easy to remove , since it was not very tight . On close inspection of the broken fitting , the threads are cut almost all the way through , leaving the brass fitting very weak . I just ordered the metric adapter kit by Equus , which has the same size fittings in the bag , and I am hoping to finally get the last gauge working out of the three when it arrives in a couple of days .
 I bought this kit for the BSP adapter , but when I got it , the BSP adapter was replaced with an m12x1 .75 adapter.The adapters are good , they just are n't the ones specified .
 As others have noted , the corners of this `` protector '' do n't stay flat against the seat . But it 's a cheap way to get at least some coverage and so far I 've been able to get my 2.5 year old to understand not to put his feet anywhere but the plastic . We 'll see what happens with winter wet feet .
 the corners do not stay nice and flat against the seat , as shown in the photo . My seat protector droops and folds down at the top corners , leaving the seat exposed ... which is where my toddler plants her feet . The pocket also sags open , which pulls the seat protector forward so that it bows out . I may have to rig it somehow - maybe add some straps and secure the seat protector around the seat so that it does n't droop and sag so badly .
 These are pretty decent seat protectors but my child has long legs and tend to rub his feet alot on the plastic and eventually the pocket ripped right off . It did n't take him long to do that . But , it 's cheap and useful to protect your seats . If you want really tough good quality protectors , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 The idea behind the charger is brilliant , but the quality of the components is poor.The cooling fans fail rapidly ; often within a month . Also the display is kind of freaky . It is essentially impossible to get one repaired . The original company got bought out by a fly-by-night monster corporation that just does n't care .
 Excellent Charger - excellent . The charging algorithm is excellent and charges batteries quickly and fully . The equalizing circuit has saved a few batteries . The jump start function works on weak batteries but not dead ones . This is to be expected from a charger of this power.Now for the bad.Unfortunately the unit is built like trash . The desulfating circuit does not appear to do anything except kill batteries . The voltage and current displays are off - voltage by almost 0.4 volts . I am not sure if this affects the control of the charging or if it is just a display . It apparently charges well . The cooling fan sucks . There is no excuse for this . Let 's face it - 12 volt cooling fan technology was maxed out about 2 years into the PC boom of the mid 80s . There is NO EXCUSE for the fan failures of which I have had 3 . -LRB- Warranty covered by Sams -RRB- . The clips are also trash . They snap off with minimal abuse . For an extra 3 dollars MAX in manufacturing costs this could be an exceptional product.Being an engineer it is sad to see what could be an excellent product destroyed by false economy .
 More junk from sunpro . Bought this with the temp gauge . The electrical connection popped off the top . I called sunpro and it 's on backorder . `` Send it back to us and we can get one to you in approximately 5 weeks !!! '' Do n't buy this junk .
 DO N'T BUY THIS UNIT ; CHEAPLY CONSTRUCTED AND FAILED IN SHORT ORDER . I ordered this item along with the matching dash gauge and installed both myself . Installation seemed fairly straight forward however this unit not easily adaptable to shallow tanks . Once installed it never read over 5/8ths full even when tank was freshly topped up . That soon became wild swings in the gauge and would only read at all for the first few gallons of use . Lately it stopped working all together.Took sender out of tank and found the windings inside the pivot portion had severed and were probably keeping the float from even going into the range where it still worked . In my estimation they used too fine a wire for the resistance windings and the rubbing action wore through it way too soon . Would not buy this unit again !!
 Ordered a part for my Honda that priced out at 3x the price everywhere else . No problems with the order or vendor shipping the item . At the time I placed the order I confirmed that the part would fit my car using the utility provided . Everything checked out . The part arrived within a couple days in good condition . The part was of good quality but was not OEM . I noticed immediately that the electrical connectors were not the same . For the price , I figured it would be still worthwhile to modify it to make it work . No dice . It was a lesson learned . Not very costly in money terms but nevertheless too good to be true .
 The instructions are poor and the unit will not work with my application . Apparently , there are different types of resistors used on sending units . The resistor on this unit will not work with my fuel gage . The unit can be modified to work , but only by someone with advanced mechanical skills .
 Since my fuel gauge is not working anymore , I decide to remove the Sunpro tank level that I 've bough a year ago . I find out that the end of the lever is a spring capped by a steel button which is touching the potentiometer made of fine wire . Imagine a boat sitting on a floating dock constantly moving up and down and the hard steel button would ripped apart the potentiometer wire . The part touching the wire should be made of soft copper , not hard steel ... Please stay away buying parts that are to cheap and made in China . I 've bought also a cheap Sea-Dog kill switch and it is falling apart too ...
 the diameter of the shaft was too large to allow insertion into the existing hole in my fuel tank.very disappointed .
 Bought this with the gauge , same sending unit though . Installed it under the car . Took an 8mm nut driver to tighten a little nut over the wire O-ring , and what do you know , the end of the sending unit just pops off . It was glued on , and very poorly at that , with no mechanical bond . I epoxied it back on after scoring the surface with sandpaper ... seems to work.Not saying we should all spend $ 150 on autometer , after all , I did n't , but keep in mind this is a cheaply made product .
 Sorry Sunpro , I just left an awesome review for you mechanical gauge , but I have a mechanical gauge because I tried this one first . It bounced all over the place . I do n't know if it was the sender or the gauge . I tried several different manifolds -LRB- to add or substract fluid damping -RRB- which did n't work . I thought maybe it was some king of electrical disturbance so I used different wires and used a shielding sleeve to shield it from electromagnetic disturbances . Nothing worked and the readings kept bouncing . I made sure the manifold was clear and the sender opening was clean ... Needless to say I went mechanical , I do use your electrical oil temp gauge which works perfect .
 Listed as a replacement oil pressure switch for 1973 Nissan 240Z . Not even close . The resistance is wrong and the fastener threads are standard not metric . Not sure what this part is compatible with . Contacted numerous parts distributors in Japan and they do n't show it either .
 The item in the picture is the correct item . The item sent is not even close . It is made of cast iron and does not fit in anyway .
 After mechanically installing the regulator , putting most of pieces back in , tested the unit by connecting the door panel switches , before reaffixing the door panel . It did not work . Took the door all apart again to remove the regulator and figure out what was wrong . Had power at the plug in point to the regulator , tested the regulator motor with jumper wires , it worked , finally figured out the connecting pins in the supplied regulator connector were too short to make contact when plugged in and fully seated . Had to cut off the plug from the old regulator and spliced it onto the supplied new regulator . Spent more time trouble shooting , removing and reinstalling this new regulator than it would have taken to fix the broken regulator I had .
 Right from the first use during a rain storm , they squeaked loudly with every wipe . During the next few rain storms and uses , only for a brief period did they not squeak . I have NEVER had other wipers squeak as much as these do ! I notified the manufacturer , and - to their credit - they shipped me replacement wipers of a different `` model '' of theirs . That was honorable of them , but it does n't negate the irritating noise these ones made . And do n't believe their `` superior quality '' , `` long-lasting '' claims . In the paperwork they include with their wipers , they admit that the wipers should be replaced every six months - just like regular , cheap ones !
 Right from the first use during a rain storm , they squeaked loudly with every wipe . During the next few rain storms and uses , only for a brief period did they not squeak . I have NEVER had other wipers squeak as much as these do ! I notified the manufacturer , and - to their credit - they shipped me replacement wipers of a different `` model '' of theirs . That was honorable of them , but it does n't negate the irritating noise these ones made . And do n't believe their `` superior quality '' , `` long-lasting '' claims . In the paperwork they include with their wipers , they admit that the wipers should be replaced every six months - just like regular , cheap ones !
 Did not install as soon as I received it . Very little recourse now . Had problem with Sunpro tach . Even though Amazon will not make an adjustment , I contacted Sunpro and they are sending me a new unit .
 Like my title says the tach is cheap . Went to hook it up to my 96 S10 and it needs an $ 35 adaptor but it doesnt tell you unless you look at a list they include with it . So it goes from $ 35 for the tach to $ 70 for the tach and adaptor . There are many cars and trucks that need the adaptor so i suggest you read up before ordering . Also the lighting in mine doesnt work because it 's a cheaply made tach . Id recommend an Equus tach or Autometer over a Sunpro anytime .
 Bought one for my 69 stang . worked and looked great for about 1 and 1/2 years . now it only will read after 1500 rpm . checked and re-installed wires and changed my ground to make sure that it was my tach and not installer error . Still the same problems . They work good for awhile if you need a cheap temp tach . i will be looking into an equus or an autometer tach next . You get what you pay for .
 I 'm a old guy that bought the REAL Sun tachs back in the 70 's . The old ones lasted more than a year like this one did .
 This may be a fine set of wiper blades , but they are not OEM . The original wipers for my 2001 BMW have an air foil , these did not . Also , they arrived without any of the mounting hardware inside , so sent them back .
 This are the worst wipers I ever bought . Just after 5 minutes of working noise of these baldes become unberable . They squeek and make a lot of other noises . Wiping performane was ok .
 I ordered these wiper replacements based on what this web site said I should order for my 3 series BMW . They are actually for a 5 series , not a 3 series , and I did n't try to install them until too late to return them . The web site now suggests a different replacement . Ca n't comment on item quality , but beware the accuracy of the blade selection process . I checked the reviews of several blade sizes -- quite a few people ended up with the wrong blades when they followed Amazon 's selection process .
 These are hard to find locally unless you pay a premium at the dealer so the price was right and it was the correct part . The packaging however was awful . The original manufactures box was place inside a larger box with no packing material so the box broke open and the items bounced around the larger box . I had to use a screw driver to straighten the metal clasps so the wiper blades would attach . Packed properly and this would have been a 5star review .
 The gauge seems acurate however the lens fogs up after a little cool air hits it.quite irratating .
 Although the unit seems well-built and I was excited to give it a try , I could not install it on my 2003 MINI Cooper R50 using the original bolts . The original bolts have a metal cylinder that surrounds them which can not be removed and the bolt shafts on this Standard Motor Products replacement do not have a large enough diameter for those bolts/metal cylinders.I suppose you could find replacement bolts that would work . I decided to return this item and give my original ignition coil connectors a good clean for the time being .
 This winich has no power out option , it 's only power in on the handheld . I tried to revise the input wires but does n't power out ! It 's most loud/noise winch I 've ever had . -LRB- make sure wear ear plugs -RRB- . Amazon does have a good customer service for refund it .
 I did n't expect much for the price that I paid but I will spend more and not have the problems next purchase . The wench works fine coming in but getting the cable back out is a real pain . Pulling the cable out is a real problem .
 Let 's start with the fact that the motor on the winch burned out as soon as the cable got tight . Then add to the fact that when I went to install the crank handle on the side bolt to use it as a come-along , the handle did n't have the D-cut into it that it needed to sit properly on the threaded shaft . Basically it was drilled out circular to fit on a D-shaft . Did n't even work for a second . I got home ... grabbed a garbage bag and threw the whole mess out immediately . You buy ... you lose .
 It locked up . I resorted to yanking things with a truck . I 'll try freeing the cable and may try again .
 the most frustrating thing is the speed ; it is ultra slow , ULTRA ... it also kept coming off of it 's mounting bracket as there is a lot of wiggle room when placed over the mounting studs ... it would seem you really need to make further arrangements in bolting this to it 's mounting plate , a lunch pin for example.i mounted it on the tractor and went to haul up some logs . the cable run is about 30feet ; sounds like a lot until getting down in a ravine and seeing just how short that is ... i attached an added chain , but still there was only a 30foot run at a time before having to go back down and make new attachments.i do belive the pulling data is very accurate , i tried to pull my 2500 pound tractor on a 5 % grade . it did it BUT i could have retired in the process ... ULTRA slow.there may be times when very slow is good as in tightening fence lines , pulling in a boat ... but most of what i do around the farm speed is more important to me ... if i were to guess i would say it winches in at about 6inches a minute . they say not to run the motor more than 8-12 minutes ... so , gee that figures out to be a whopping 6feet in 12 minutes ... the setup seems solid except the plastic housing which if rather flimsy , as evidenced when it fell off the mounting plate ... maybe a fall of 11/2 foot ... the housing got big deep scrathes and seperated at the seam . they mention it is not waterproof , well you can surely believe that.i will keep it as for the price it will have some uses , like fence pulling , lifting the motorcycle from a rafter/pulley to change tires etc. . . but for log pulling , moving something up to the flatbed well there are faster ways .
 I used this winch about 5 times to remove an item from my truck . The next time I went to use it , it simply did not work . After checking all of the connections it still wouldn &#8217; t work . I contacted Master lock about a warranty replacement and have gotten no satisfaction from them . It is still under warranty but Master lock is just giving me the run around . Buy at your own risk .
 I returned this unit as it was so noisy you could n't carry on a conversation within 15 feet of it . I do n't know if the unit I had was defective or if that was the design but it was n't acceptable either way . The unit is also very slow on the retrieve and does n't have a power reverse . I ended up getting an ATV winch for only a few dollars more which is very quiet and twice as fast . The one really nice feature to this Master Lock winch is the portable mounting bracket that can just hook over a trailer hitch ball so it does n't need to be installed permanently on any vehicle .
 man . . i was waitin for dis baby to pull my 18ft Mako up on my trailer when i wan to take my boat home out the water . . the sucker lacks the simple power my boat n motor only weight 1750 pounds soak n wet . . an it says it can pull up to 2000 dry no wheels nor water . . , i am highly upset i wasted my money on this thing
 I loaded my boat , took it to lake . The clutch would not release so cable would spool out when I went to load the boat out of the lake .
 Seems like a good deal ... but ... Poor quality and NO PARTS AVAILABLE !! This was aparently meant to be a disposable winch , and is built like it .
 I have bought 2 of these the product is good I repeat the product is good if you have a long time to wait for it . Cost was over 30 bucks to ship it and I 'm on my 2 nd week and still no product go buy one at a local hardware lowes or home depot for less and save time and money the ones there are just as good or better . Lessoned learned . Please no smart remark emails for telling the truth .
 Had mine two weeks and it could not pull out a 17th ft. boat . Locked up . I called Masterlock , they said I had to contact Amazon.com , which you can not call or e-mail . their return policy says I need the original packing box , which I tossed two weeks ago . I 'm out $ 67 . The warrenty did me no good .
 Not good for my use ... to pull a small sailboat out of the water onto a beach.The 30 feet of cable was just what I needed but retreval was way ... . too slow . Were talking 5 minutes to go 10 feet . Did I mention noise . Loud.So it may work well for a very short distance -LRB- 3 feet -RRB- but if you need it done today look for something more expensive . The quality of the unit was good .
 Bought one for light job but the hand held controller 's In/Out function was defective . Winch would pull cable in fine but would not turn in reverse -- had to release clutch and free-wheel -LRB- potential safety hazard with tension on line -RRB- to get cable out.Returned this one for a second -- same problem but this time the hand held did n't even have the word `` out '' to reverse the drum -- again , would only turn the drum in the `` In '' direction . Decided to keep it anyway and make do . -LRB- Return service with Amazon was excellent -- only thing good in this deal . -RRB-
 It was obvious how it worked . Not clear how it set up on the trailer hitch . Poor directions !! I returned it .
 Not like the Sunpro of the old day . Made in China . Is it so hard to make simple things like this in the USA ?
 Pure `` Made in China '' junk . Do n't even waste your time with this one or the temp gauge . Inaccurate and cheaply made . Do n't buy this junk like I did .
 ITEM CP7957 IS NOT A TEMPERATURE GAUGE -- IT IS AN OIL PRESSURE GAUGE , SO I RECEIVED THE WRONG ITEM .
 Although the Tuff Tonno was reasonably priced , it has made my truck bed almost inaccesable . It is difficult to impossible to roll up because of the sytem design . I will never by another product like this again , and will not recommend it to anyone I know .
 I understand that this was an in-channel part . But when a brand new truck does n't have the window motor power to close all the way , something is not designed properly . Get the tape on visors and save yourself the headache .
 Pure `` Made in China '' junk . Do n't even waste your time with this one or the voltmeter . Gauge numbers are off-center with the base -LRB- where it says sunpro -RRB- which looks horrible . Gauge is very inaccurate as tested against mechanical . Gauge indicator moves up with increased rpm , even though properly grounded . Additional fitting required had bad threads , so I had to buy a new one . Sending unit electrical connector popped off . SUNPRO IS PURE JUNK !
 The Sunpro CP7956 electrical water temperaature gauge was not in the shipment . Box was securely wrapped and showed no sign of tampering or damage .
 We bought a 15 yr old RV with these terrible cheap flimsy latches , most of which had broken . Lousy design , thin plastic and the worst part is the huge hole left in the door when you remove them . The price is absurd as well as the shipping . This is American junk too . Ca n't even blame the Chinese . I would advise yacht hardware , brass or bronze and built to last a life time .
 I purchased one sunpro gauge , and it leaked coolant everywhere . I thought this was due to faulty installation , but I purchased a second one and it leaked from the exact same spot . Do n't buy these unless you want to spend all your spare time refilling your radiator .
 I tested the gauge to a standard and it was over 10 psi off and non-linear . I ended up buying a Stewart Warner gauge which was very accurate and linear .
 this gauge worked fine for about two months and gave very precise readings ... . then one day the needle gradually went further and further down ... until it said `` 0 pounds '' ... . buy a decent oil pressure gauge ... do n't go to the trouble to install this piece of junk ... 11/06/11 update
 Image of item is WRONG . ! Bought it because of the grey rim , the one received was all black . I 'm sure it works fine , but would have bought a different one if the image actually showed the item being purchased .
 I checked and rechecked to make sure these would fit but there systems are incorrect ... stuck with wipers and no use for them ...
 Sad to know that these wipers don tfi my 200 bmw 530i . I made sure to doble check but no luck . Their references are nt accurate !
 Two days after I purchased it the shield cracked in half immediately . I gave it two stars instead of one because perhaps if you store in completely flat when not in use then it might last longer . It broke when I was attempting to bend it to store inside my sissybar bag when not in use . I do n't feel I bent it past what it normally would experience on the helmet . I ended up buying a flip-up , prebent face shield for a little more money . No problems with that one .
 The shield was flimsier than my older one and then it got a crack in the `` chin '' area the first week . I 've superglued it but do n't think it will last much longer .
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 ecco 5715ahow come you show 2 in stock and e mail me you dont have any ! lame lame lame , lame
 I 've tried window cranks from several companies , the knobs at the ends keep coming off . This one is no different . The crank is a little longer you get more leverage , thus , less force on the knob , so , it tends to not come off as often as others . The knob is easier to snap back on than others . Do n't waste your time ordering one from LMC , theirs is even worse.Bottom line , if you do n't want a crank with a knob that comes off every time you open or close the window , do n't purchase this one . Your best bet is to find an OEM unit , new old stock , wrecking yard or someone parting out a truck .
 For Christmas , we do gift exchange by picking names instead of buying the whole family presents . This is the only thing my brother-in-law wanted . Due to `` an error in the inventory system '' I was unaware that my item had not shipped until the week of gift exchange because they did not have any in stock -LRB- like their advertisement said -RRB- . This item was supposed to be delievered between December 2 and 5 . An email today said that they could n't confirm a delievery date but would guess it would be between 1 and 2 weeks ... not to helpful with gift exchange on the 11th ...
 I was relieved to find this and it installed easily and worked nicely for 11 months . Then a plastic part snapped . Not returnable . Had to order another -- there are n't any options I can find for this made-in-Taiwan part .
 Title is deceptive . States that it is plural to deceive you since they usually come in 6-packs but I only received 1 even though it says PLUGS .
 The Amazon list states that you are purchasing a package of 10 , but when your order arrives , you will find that they are sold individually . Not a good value for the price .
 Sure it is cheaper than the original Ford replacement part , but the quality is typical Made in China marginal . The cap portion does n't clip securely to the main body . Flashing lines are rough and not well finished . Better than nothing , but only just .
 I do n't see any specs that it meets VW/Audi 502 505 ? Many Syn do , why is n't this published , and why so expensive , claims it 's superior , but does n't even have specs like other cheap SYN , is this all BS ? No specs , no good . simple .
 Not much of a review really , I just was n't too impressed by getting one dinky little wheel weight that I could barely see for $ 7.00 . Perhaps it was only a packaging error but I thought I was getting the whole set as pictured.I did receive a refund from amazon though , much to my relief .
 Never got product !!! Seller is horrible !! Thank God Amazon got me my refund .
 I bought this for my husband to polish my car 's headlights which are turning yellow . He said the fabric of the ball was n't right for the job . It was taking him longer to polish the lights with this product than it took him to do it by hand . So now he uses the ball to clean my rims , but even then the ball is too big .
 This thing is an even bigger rip off than Mothers `` PowerMetal '' . I expected a fairly heavy duty , functional tool for the price . Surprise , surprise , it 's a cheap piece of junk . Within a minute of using it , the crappy ball came detached from the shaft -LRB- oops , I guess it 's made to rotate in ONLY ONE DIRECTION -RRB- . The junk foam is off center , so , the thing flops around on the work piece like a carp out of water . Pass by this one and get a decent polishing wheel .
 not what i expected , i thought it would be a little more hightech , more powerful . Not sure it is worth it for the price .
 this product did not fit the 4g eclipse progress rear sway bar , waste of money
 I am not that impressed with this polish . I used with the Mothers powerball and without it by hand . The paste seems to work better for some reason . It does remove some oxidation but had to go over it with mothers paste metal polish .
 `` PowerMetal '' is a joke . This stuff is hardly aggressive enough to remove dust from the surface . It wo n't polish anything .
 IMPOSSIBLE TO RATE PRODUCT AS AMAZON SHIPPED BRAKE CLEANER INSTEAD OF POLISH . RETURN OF INEXPENSIVE ITEMS NOT WORTH THE TIME IT TAKES . CONSIDER NOT USING AMAZON FOR SMALL PURCHASES UNTIL RETURN SYSTEM IS UPGRADED .
 I ordered this for a 2002 Dodge Ram 2500 , but they shipped me the dash mat for the 1500 two different times . After the mistake the second time , they refunded my money . Customer Service was great , they just could n't get me the correct dashmat .
 I 've tried plenty of spray waxes ... this was the hardest to remove of the bunch . There are definitely better products out there !
 i complain that the bottle was deliver cracked nothing was done it not a great product it dos n't work that great
 Do not buy . I bought two pairs for my Mazda CX-7 SUV and after 60 days , I am having to buy new ones due to excessive noise .
 Look , I go through these things . I use them on disk sanders and dual action slash random orbit sanders to finish stainless steel , bronze , aluminum , etc. . I have at least 3 disk sanders and 3 DA 's as well as larger grinder sander polishers . The 3M yellow disks are pretty tough , but after a while they get nicked on the edges or just disintegrate from heat and stress . My problem is the price . This is an item that should cost no more than about $ 8-12 . It 's a small rubber pad with a screw mount . My go-to abrasive and metal working supply outfit sells them for $ 32 so I guess at $ 24 I should n't complain , but come on . At Harbor Freight you can get a new DA air sander -LRB- the whole power tool with a pad like this -RRB- for $ 30 ! I wish HF would sell knock offs of these but so far not . They would probably cost $ 6 . Instead of these I am now getting the ones sold by Porter Cable which are just as good but closer to $ 20 here at AMZ .
 This product is basically a strong piece of tarp with tough plastic edges that you snap together to hold the tarp in place.I probably did n't do enough research on this item before purchasing so I was disappointed . I have had this for about a month now , still no tears in the plastic . When this one does finally give out I wo n't purchase a new one , I 'll try to save some money next time and purchase a plastic cover / mat / or even cheap carpet from a hardware store .
 amazon has this listed for $ 5.38 click that link and its $ 9.38 what a way to get someone to look . Ted
 I purchased this product based on the good reviews it received here on Amazon . I used it on my truck tires , following the instructions exactly . As I sprayed it on the tires and rubbed it in , it already looked like it would n't turn out `` wet '' or `` glossy , '' but I figured I would give it a day ... maybe it took some time ? Nothing happened , it dried , and then my tires looked like I had done absolutely nothing to them . Would definitely not recommend this product .
 so it was leaking out . Although it was in a plastic bag it managed to soak an additional item which was shipped together with the tire shine . No idea who 's responsible to make sure liquid products are closed tight but whoever packed it did not care a bit . Huge mess and I trashed it on arrival .
 I recently used this product on 2 family cars . The product went on very easy and was easy to remove and in the garage , the finish looked great . The problem was that when the car was moved into the sunlight , swirls were visible that could not be rubbed out using microfiber towels . Also , white residue was difficult to remove from cracks and crevices in the bodywork . I spent the next weekend with a random orbital polisher removing this product and applying another wax from a competitor . I had great hopes for this product but my experience was not good .
 I ran out of Eagle One `` Wet '' waxing my single stage paint after polishing . I went in search of more , but found none . I like other Mother 's products and tried the Syn Wax in paste form . The gloss level was equivalent to the Eagle One product , but as others have noted , streaking is readily apparent in full sun . I 'm very disappointed . To answer troll reviewers who say I 'm simply not using it correctly , I 've got 15 yrs experience cleaning , polishing , and waxing car finishes . I 'm very aware of how to use it properly . No amount of pressure with the microfiber cloth would take it off . I 'm going to use 3M Finesse-It to remove the wax , and come back with a full carnuba wax .
 I have a brand new Subaru and the car looked good after application . Three days later the creases of the cracks showed white residue that was not hard to remove.However the black plastic of the car was gray after the car was outside in heavy rain . Rain running down the roof of the car turned the plastic gray . Some places where I got the wax onto plastic were also gray as were the black metal window frames.I am going to complain to the company about the damage but the label which does not say anything about getting the material on black matte metal or plastic does say liability is limited to replacement of the product but not the damage caused by the product .
 The make sure this item fits your vehicle option on the site is inaccurate . I purchased for a 2007 Chrysler Sebring -LRB- which the site said that it would fit on . -RRB- Needless to say , it did not . The manual that comes with the intake states that it fits on the following vehicles : * 2000-2004 Mitsubishi Eclipse V6 * 2001-2004 Chrysler Sebring Coupe LXI * 2001-2004 Dodge Stratus Coupe R/T
 This item is listed to fit a Mercedes Benz SL600 1995 . Which is wrong.The right belt has eight ridges and is wider .
 Box received fairly beat up with some minor scratches , nothing some touch up paint wo n't fix.The real problem for me is that the entire assembly sticks out 3-4 '' + past the bumper on my 05 Highlander . After doing more research , I 've found there are other hitches that have a curved outer assembly that will limit the amount of the hitch that sticks out past the bumper . This one looks bad to me because of the design , even my kids thought it was excessive.If you do n't care about that , the holes lined up perfectly and it was easy to install . But for me it was a deal breaker and I will have to pay return shipping .
 Just got a Valley model # 81310 , for my 2007 Lexus RX350 . Unfortunately the bolt holes do not align . Waiting for their response.Hitch - Valley 81310 Hitch
 Within 31/2 months after ordering , all 8 coils failed to send the accurate voltage signal to the ECM . Even though the car seemingly ran okay with the coils installed , the faulty signal caused the Check Engine Light to come on , which prevented me from getting my car inspected . I have a 2001 Q45 Infiniti . I called the manufacturer , but have n't heard back from them.Buyer Beware ... It may cost a bit more , but I am now repurchasing OEM coils .
 Every thing I ordered came in wrong . I placed two separate orders for a 1986 Dodge ram 50 and both orders came in wrong . The rotors were way too large and the loaded friction calipers had no resemblance to the factory ones . Very disappointing .
 I found this product go work as advertised only about 50 % of the time . I advise you to try something else . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 Bought 2 and they just do not work very good . Sometimes it works sometimes it does not . Even when being careful to park the same way . My garage is not large so I can not park more than 6 inches left or right of center . I have not even put the 2nd one up since the first was not working very good .
 The sensor has to constantly be readjusted and sometimes it failed to work altogether . I threw it away in disappointment . I bought this product and the `` Park n Place '' stop sign at the same time in case I liked one product over the other . Unlike this product , the `` Park n Place '' was worth the money and worked so well I bought a second one . Just type `` Park n Place '' in the search engine .
 This item was easy to install , but it only works 1/2 the time if that . It is supposed to tell you when to stop your car before you hit the wall . It can not be relyed on to do this . My money was wasted .
 Here is a great free alternative.Step 1 - Park your car in your garage in the position you consider perfect.Step 2 - Tie a tennis ball or a small stuffed animal to a string then hang the string from the ceiling of your garage so the tennis ball touches the center of your windshield.That 's it ! Pull into your garage until the your windshield hits the tennis ball or stuffed animal . It works every time and never needs adjusting ... and it 's absolutely free !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I sprayed Mother 's Leather Cleaner on my $ 5000.00 leather FlexSteel couch and it instantly took the color out ! This is horrible crap . I figured that leather cleaner would be good on leather . Apparently I 'm badly misinformed ! This stuff should n't be sold to anyone . The container says the `` Manufacturer 's liability limited to replacement of product or refund of purchase price upon return of unused portion and proof of purchase . '' So , basically , there is no warranty for things they ruin.I will post a photo showing the arm of my couch . My advice is to never even consider buying this crap !
 I bought two of those sensors , and hired a mechanic to have them installed . After a week , the service-engine light turned back on with the same OBD2 codes . I brought the car back to the shop and was told one of sensors was bad . After replacing it and everything became fine . Returned the defect sensor to Amazon.com and got refunded . However , I still ended up paying the labor cost twice . So , the total cost for me is more than just letting the shop order the parts and install ... So one star .
 Where do i start , 1st off the little help `` Does this fit your car vehicle `` from Amazon can not be trusted this intake was way too short and Amazon claimed that it would fit my car . I did not want to go through the hassle of returning it and waiting for the right one or waiting to hear that they do n't have one available for my vehicle since i had a hard time finding it online in the 1st place . Also there are a few pieces that where missing in the box -LRB- not really needed -RRB- so in all i ended up spending $ 9 on a gasket , and $ 10 on an extension tube then to find out it does n't even come with an insert for the oxygen sensor , this I have to custom on my own . Over all it sounds and feels great ! Love the noise it makes , just sounds meaner . Hope this helps !
 I have tried a lot of products and this one has impressed me the most by far . I have OEM Mercedes brake pads and if you are a MB Owner , you know they put out a LOT of brake dust . What impressed me the most is that if you spray this cleaner on your wheels and allow it to sit for 1 to 2 minutes and spray if off with a garden hose equipped with a nozzle that has a good velocity , it will remove 90 % of the brake dust !!! . I use it weekly and only have to use mild agitation to get my wheels clean . It also claims to be safe on all types of wheels , which is really important to me since I have aftermarket wheels . Do n't waste your money on any other wheel cleaner , especially P21S . Mothers FX Wheel Cleaner is hard to beat for the price . One word of caution , make sure you use it in a well ventilated area . It gives off some fumes that can make you cough if you get too close as you are spraying it.UPDATE
 The new Mothers Wheel & Tire Cleaner is NOT a rebranded version of the original Wheel Cleaner . It does not have the cleaning power of the original as the store person told me it did ...
 I used this a few times during commute conditions and it did so-so , managing to loosen most of the dust as long as there was n't too much , but after 2 days of spirited driving at Laguna Seca , it just could n't handle it and I ended up having to resort to good-oleSimple Greenand a scrub brush . The initial application left large areas uncleaned , despite following instructions * and * having appliedGreen Earth Technologies Brake Dust ShieldAside from that , the fumes are toxic -LRB- coughing fit after spraying the last wheel -RRB- and 24oz do n't really go that far - 3 applications tops.If I try some other product , I 'm going to look into brush application rather than spraying -LRB- fewer fumes and more direct contact with the surface -RRB- but at the moment , a good bio-degradable all-purpose cleaner likeSimple GreenOh , and as for the brush , do n't bother with theMothers Double Loop Brake Dust Brush - it just does n't have the chops , see my review there for full details .
 To `` clean '' four tires used the whole bottle . The `` spray '' coes out in drabs . Did not clean the tires or wheels , had to go back with sponge and clean .
 I purposely let my front wheels go in anticipation of getting this product . When it finally arrived I was a bit giddy thinking that my dusty/dirty wheels will now be history - wrong ! I followed the directions exactly ; the wheels were not hot , I sprayed every nook and cranny along with leaving it on the required time . Spraying off the foam gave me hope , but once I stroked the wheels with my hand I came away with a dirty finger . At this point I grabbed a rag and rubbed the wheel down as I rinsed - it now sparkled ! Bottom line
 To costly abd does n't work any better or easier than a brush anddetergent to clean the tires and rims . WOULD NOT buy again .
 i cant really say how good it is because it wasnt what i thought i was ordering ... i thought i was getting foaming tire shine because it popped up with all the tire shines when i search for it at amazon . UPDATE ... make sure to read the instructions carefully ... i almost ruined my aluminum rims the spray takes all the luster off , it took a couple of hours to polish out the stains it made .
 Just used this for the first time . Works as advertised . However , it left a white chalky residue on the calipers that I am finding very difficult to get off . i.e. toothbrush & soap and water . Feel this is something Mother 's should have warned about . Makes the very easy , pretty hard .
 It does not work well without brushing and I estimate that a 24 oz bottle would only last max 3 washes , 2 if you have large wheels .
 This spray cleaner did not work as well as the mist product from Mothers ' I have both and tried each on two wheels/tires . The mist spray worked better . Noticed the product info has an additional ingredient which might be the reason . I will be buying the mist spray again , not this one .
 This wheel/tire cleaner did n't do any more than what a sponge , water and car wash soap would do . I have a lot of brake dust on the rims of my front tires -LRB- Lexus -RRB- - that accumulates quickly in less than a week or twos time . We had to use nearly the entire bottle , let it soak for 10 minutes , and after rinsing , still had to use a rag to wipe away the rest of the brake dust . It burned my boyfriends eyes and he had to leave the car outside for 30 minutes to avoid being poisoned by the toxic fumes . WASTE OF MONEY ! .
 I 'm not impressed with this at all . Picked it up on sale at a local auto parts store so figure I 'd give it a try . I followed the instructions and even tried to use it a second time on each tire/wheel and the wheels still looked terrible . I could n't believe how much was actually required to cover the entire wheel and tire . There is probably enough in the 24oz bottle to cover 10 tires . You are better off saving your money and using your regular car wash soap with a brush or microfiber to get the same result . Save your cash and look elsewhere .
 An average wheel cleaner , but in no way just spray and wash off . This requires brush scrubbing just like other wheel cleaners . After two applications per wheel the wheels still had about 80 % of the original brake dust still on the surface . After using a brush , the wheel was just as clean as one application of my usual less expensive wheel cleaner with a brush . The advertising of spray on and wash off is misleading . I would not buy this again .
 Says it 's safe for every type of wheel ... sprayed it on , one wheel at a time , gave it 20-30 seconds to work , as instructed , no brushing -LRB- yay ! -RRB- , and rinsed completely . My wheels were shiny and clean , but they looked a different color ; they were a champagne-colored silver , now they 're SILVER ! Man , I am pissed off ! Tried a little on my bicycle wheel ... rinsed it off , let it dry and they are now pitted and ugly . BEWARE of this product ! Should have known it would be a disaster when my hands started burning when I accidentally sprayed them . RUINED MY NEW WHEELS !
 Just used this product on my nearly clean wheels and tires.Result
 My truck is pretty old -LRB- ' 97 -RRB- , and I have chrome rims . . Got this stuff to give them a good cleaning from all the brake dust that accumulates ! Well I sprayed one side , then sprayed the other side -LRB- instructions say leave on for 30 seconds -RRB- and it could not have been more than a minute before I hosed it off ! Well the side where it was on the longest looks completely dull now , almost just like gray spray paint ! My guess is that it took some kind of clear coat off the chrome rims ! So be careful with this stuff !!!
 This product did not remove any brake dust from the wheels on my car . I even tried doing the cleaning process twice to see if that would help . Finally , I had to scrub the wheels by hand . May be a strong spray of water from a pressure washer might have helped but standard household water pressure through a standard hose-end garden type nozzle , as most people have , was not strong enough . The Foaming Wheel & Tire Cleaner did make it easier to scrub the wheels clean but did not remove the brake dust without hand scrubbing .
 Does good job , but to expensive for the number of tires & wheels it cleans . You have to cover all the wheel and tire to get a good job . I only cleaned 8 tires and wheels before the container was empty .
 `` Mothers '' used to have a good rep. for car detailing . This wheel and tire cleaner seemed efficient so I ordered a spray bottle . Listen now , it took a full bottle to clean my wheels & tires . And it ran out on the 4th tire . A full 24 oz . bottle for 1 application . It also left streaks and some leftover gunk on the wheels . My car is a normal 2004 Infiniti coupe w/18 '' factory wheels and brand new Michelin tires . Amazing and disappointing ! I actually had to finish the job with my regular detailing products . I recommend saving your hard-earned money for a class product like Zymol . Griot 's is also cost-effective doing the same tasks .
 Last I checked ` timing component ' implies that you get all seals involved with changing the timing belt . Nope , I only got one . Weak .
 I bought two Bell bike standers . One says it fits bike from 16 '' . And my son 's 16 '' bike stands upright , easily fall to the other side . Today , I bought one for my other son 's 12 '' bike . The stands fits bike 12 '' to 26 '' . And again , it turns out too long for 12 '' bike . It fits my son 's 16 '' bike very well .
 I have a regular bike and I tried installing this kickstand as indicated but it does n't fit my bike . There is not enough clearance between the pedals and where the kickstand folds back so that , when installed , the pedals end up getting blocked by the kickstand . Very disappointing as there is no indication anywhere in the product description that you need a specific distance between your pedals and the chasis of your bike . I will need to buy a kickstand that attaches to the part of the chasis that comes out towards the back wheel .
 It did n't seem like there were many options out there for a 12 '' bike , so I tried this one . The kickstand was fine to install and did work on the 12 '' bike , but after about 3 weeks of use the kickstand arm started falling down while riding . At this point the kickstand arm wo n't stay retracted so we just use a twist-tie to keep the arm retracted ... until I can find another one to buy .
 I bought this for my daughter 's 12 '' first bicycle . Yes , it keeps the bike up , but a 5 year old will not be able to put this kickstand up or down . By a Greenfield instead and cut to length . MUCH better kickstand . I have been using Greenfield kickstands for years . Stable and very easy to put up or down .
 I needed a kick stand to work on my son 's 12 inch bike , the description said it would work on a 12 inch , and it does not .
 This item lasted about 2 months on my daughter 's bike before it broke . Specifically the pin upon which the kickstand leg rotates bent slightly , rendering the entire kickstand useless . It feels solid and heavy ` out of the box ' but its quality dooms it to failure . Suggest you look somewhere else .
 The connecting bracket is sturdy enough and easy to install . The stand itself consists of a flimsy tube with a flimsier , poorly fitting extension secured by only one set screw . Even at full length it does not quite extend far enough for an adult size bike , and bends a little as it takes the weight of the bike . I 'm sure it 's only a matter of time before someone leans on the bike and bends the stand beyond use.I think it would be sufficient for a very small child-size bike which did not require any extension , but this is not for larger or heavier bikes .
 This kickstand did not install on either of my kids ' bicycles - one is 18 '' and the other 14 '' . It was too long on the shortest setting , and the design of how to install it does not fit with the frame shape of either bicycle . Very disappointed ! It is also very stiff . WD40 helped some , but I doubt my 5.5 year old would be able to use the kickstand on her own even after the WD40 .
 My bike is tall-framed -LRB- 26 in wheels , 20 in frame -RRB- . The extendable kick stand was adequate in length but could have benefited from being longer because using it still resulted in occasional tip-overs . A better angle could have also been nice , it was too vertical to provide much support . The washer on the bolt broke in half in less than 2 weeks resulting in a loose stand . Within a month the extendable shaft required frequent tightening of its screw , starting once every few days , and now so bad I ca n't even use it . The loose stand from the lack of a washer and a loose shaft screw combined to make the end interrupt the movement of the spokes on my back wheel . Overall , very poor quality . I advise spending a couple more dollars on something else .
 This kickstand does not hold up my bike at all , it is poorly made and does not work with most bikes . Find another stronger kickstand .
 this kickstand says it is adjustable for all bikes . It is NOT . I got it for my daughters bike . she was so excited to get her training wheels off and have a big bike like her brothers . this kickstand does not go on a bike unless there is a hole drilled in the bike for it to screw into . It does NOT say that on the description . It is useless to me . it is in my shed now with all my other junk .
 The description needs to be updated - this has a flat black front for painting which looks silly if you are n't going to paint it , and looks really silly when you have a black -LRB- textured -RRB- mirror on the other side . Maybe I should have figured that out from the picture , but a clear statement that it is not the textured black would make sense . I bought my truck with a broken mirror , so when I put this on I had no idea how much it should vibrate . It was unusable . The mirror shook a lot . I returned it . I had a new glass put into the original body and it shakes too , though not as much . Maybe I need better shocks to dampen vibrations more ? Either way it shakes noticeably more than the OEM mirror .
 The fitment chart states that this h-pipe will fit a 1998 cobra . I ordered the pipe and found out from my exhaust shop that it was n't even close ! The box even said that it was for 1996-98 2v -LRB- GT -RRB- only . I had to order a bbk pipe for the cobra and that actually fit . Then I decided to put the h-pipe on my 1998 gt since had it too long to return it and I was once again greatly disappointed by the fact that the exhaust did n't fit my GT either . The 1998 gt exhaust manifold has an oval shaped port and the garbage design of the flowtech flange is a perfect circle . The exhaust leak is extremely large and annoying . Do yourself a favor and avoid the flowtech h-pipe like the plague that it is !!!
 I doubt this `` waterproof storage container '' is actually stainless steel , when it arrived the outside was clean and polished , but the inside -LRB- where you would actually put pills , etc. -RRB- was completely corroded , and , quite frankly , disgusting . I would n't put anything into this let alone medication . Save your money , try something else .
 Buy something else . I was disappointed to receive this keychain and find it is too large and heavy to carry comfortably in my pocket . But that did n't matter because the inside is unfinished and not suitable for carrying medicine , or anything else you would put in you mouth . There are better products out there .
 This sensor appears to be good quality , but it DOES NOT fit my 2005 Subaru Legacy -LRB- non-turbo , 2.5 L 253J engine -RRB- . Although the Bosch site shows it as the proper sensor pre-catalyst , it is not . The NTK/NGK 24696 fits perfectly . The connector and overall length are different , so they are definitely not the same . The NTK site matches a different Bosch sensor to the 24696 .
 The description says that the lens is `` Clear '' , but when it arrives , the lens is tinted dark.I returned the item and have still yet to hear if I 'm going to be reimbursed.I 'm really not happy with the purchase or how the return is being handled .
 I bought two of these because the local auto stores only had the cheap plastic trim rings . I thought I was getting metal , quality rings . Not so . Also cheap plastic rings that I discarded . I kept the clear plastic cover and used my old metal rings with the tarnished chrome .
 The description of this item says `` Each metal frame is carefully hand polished . '' That is simply not true . This frame is flimsy plastic , no metal ore was harmed in the making of this frame . That does not make it a terrible product , but I was shocked at how lightweight and cheap it felt .
 First cover was broken ; returned it , and the next one was also broken!I notified Amazon , and they intended to take it up with the vendor.Beware .
 I bought this in person at an auto vendor . I wanted a cover for my `` My Other Car is a TARDIS '' vanity plate ASAP . I had my doubts about the `` polycarbonate '' -LRB- AKA plastic -RRB- frame . But , in it 's shrink-wrapped plastic , it looked okay . I installed it easily enough , except having to make a call to the manufacturer to figure out how to use the plastic inserts for the `` chrome '' -LRB- again , chrome-colored platic -RRB- screw covers . It went on well , if you have the patience to use the special `` security '' Allen wrench . But , it looks very cheap -- not something that highlights the plate , let alone the car . Every time I look at it , I cringe . I would have gotten the bubble with a separate real metal frame that would have looked better . However , the metal on every one of them , in their package , was rusted !
 I would actually buy this if it did n't have the company logo on it taking up half the sticker . Remove that and you 've got yourself a sale .
 I thought since this was `` custom fit '' I would be satisfied . After about a month of daily use in the vehicle they started to bunch up and have become more trouble than they are worth . I felt like they were a total waste of money .
 Got this for my 2000 Nissan Frontier with the KA24DE engine . This is for the A/C . I originally bought one from O'Reilly auto parts , after I installed it the pulley had a wobble to it . The bearing was n't seated properly so I returned it . I then ordered one from Amazon and it had the same problem so I returned it . Finally went to the dealer , it cost about twice as much but it was worth it . It worked right from the start .
 This Bosch 15710 is a sensor specifically for the EX and SE Honda Accord models . Beware . The Amazon site says that the Bosch 15710 will fit your Honda Accord LX . It does not ! The connector on the Bosch 15710 has a male connector and the LX and DX Honda Accords require a female connector . The correct Bosch number for the Honda Accord LX and DX is 15712 which I verified at Orielly 's Auto Parts store . $ 38 is an amazing price . Orielly 's and Autozone are both $ 69 . I had to return the 15710 and re-order the 15712 for my Honda Accord LX . Hopefully this will save you a return and re-order .
 This is NOT a correct upstream o2 sensor for a 2001 civic EX . This part comes with a male plug and it requires a female !
 This sensor says that works on a Civic 01 but no . It does n't turn off the check engine light . Even the picture is not the same like real .
 The information you provided for my vehicle is wrong and the part has different connector and does not fit.I would like to return it and get refunded . Thanks
 I replaced my old sensors with these in my GMC p/u , was running rough and the engine light kept coming on . After installing these everything smoothed out . the oem harnesses make installing a snap .
 I purchased these mats as winter replacment mats for my Cadillac . I wanted to keep the original mats with the Cadillac Crests from getting damaged during the winter months . Salt mud snow etc. . The quality of these `` premium '' mats is good but nowhere near the factory mats cushion and feel as described on the site . Also the color matching left something to be desired . Mine were at least 4 shades darker than the factory ones that match the carpet exactly -LRB- as you would expect from the factory -RRB- . The fit however is good almost a perfect match to the originals . Bottom line , I could have paid half the price for the same quality mats at any auto parts store .
 used gm part # to Identify ... When no one responds receive wrong part ... hard to return tried twice still no good paid local price done in 2 days
 This air filter does not fit a 1990 1.6 Geo Prizm ! The filter is too small and does not fit entirely in air box . Amazon needs to correct this .
 Do n't buy this helmet if you value your life !!! I bought this helmet just over a year ago . I rarely used the Icon because it was not very comfortable and still used my Shoei . One day when I decided to wear this , I had it sitting on my seat while I was getting ready . The wind blew the helmet off my seat and onto the ground . Upon impact , the helmet cracked and the clamp for the right side of the face shield broke off.I realize it is my fault for leaving it on the seat , but the helmet should not crack and fracture just for falling 30 '' . Imagine what would have happened if I was in a collision and my head hit the pavement with greater impact!I have been riding motorcycles since 1984 and have owned many helmets , including Shoei , Arai , HJC and Nolan . This was not the first time a helmet fell off my seat , but this was definitely the first time a helmet was cracked and faceshield broken off . I 'm just glad I did n't find out the hard way about this cheap -LRB- quality , not price -RRB- helmet before it 's too late!Buy at your own risk , but it was a waste of $ 250 for me . I 'll stick with Shoei from now on !
 I bought this motor because it was suppose to be new not remanufactured , it cost twice the re-manufactured price . When it arrived it had Re-manufactured stamped right on the side of the motor . Other sellers advertised there motors as such but not Amazon . Wish i had time to return it but i needed to get the window fixed same day , they obviously count on this when they do n't tell you about the motor .
 With a $ 15 rebate , I bought a set of these -LRB- 422A-422B -RRB- , to see if they were any different than the $ 4 blades I usually buy . I wo n't buy these again . Sure , they look nice , and they work like new wipers , but I could have bought 4 sets of wipers for the cost of these , and had the same results . I was n't impressed in the snow and ice . They still freeze up , and end up leaving large gaps in the clearing swipes . Maybe I just expect too much out of an `` high end '' wiper . It was worth a shot .
 These ICON wipers worked great when they were new . After 9 months they began to streak and chatter . One of the rubber ends ripped . They are supposed to last 20 % longer than other high performance blades . They lasted les than half as long as the low cost OEM blades that came on the vehicle . Not worth the high price even with the rebate they had .
 I bought this wiper after reading good reviews . I believed that a company with such good name will make good product . It was very good initially and I was happy that I bought it . After few months of use , It feels like good name of BOSCH is worthless at least for wiper blades . It is not doing what it is supposed to do . I am hesitant to use it at times ; instead of cleaning water it spreads it.With price so high of premium product , I wonder why they made this product if they can not maintain premium quality ? They made this wiper just for the sake of it.I feel like I was fool to buy . I will never buy this product from BOSCH and definitely think thrice before deciding on any BOSCH product .
 Bought these for my 04 VW Passat to replace the original 5 year old blades . Worked fine for the first rain , but after that streaked like crazy . I usually buy Bosch products because of the VW connection , and they have a good reputation , but this product is worse than my 5 year old blades . Plus at the money they cost they should be perfect .
 I had a pair of these a year ago , and I remember being miffed at how soon I had to replace them for streaking very badly . A matter of two or three months , as I recall.Well , along comes this rebate -LRB- which I have n't even received yet -RRB- that makes me think about trying them again . Sure enough , after FIVE weeks they are starting to streak again ! Bah!I 'd give them 1.25 stars - they do a beautiful job for the first few rains , then they 're junk.Save your money .
 I installed these on a 2007 Cadillac DTS since they are the most similar to the original GM wiper blades . They worked for about 2 Blocks , when they began streaking . I promptly pulled over to clean the blades , to no avail , they streak horribly . Further , they do not cover the complete winshield . There is a 4 `` x6 '' patch on the passenger side edge that simply does not receive any contact from the wiper blade . Also , they chatter . I attempted cleaning the blades , switching the passenger side to the driver 's side , to no avail . THESE WIPER BLADES DO NOT WORK PERIOD . I will say , they were the easiest to install blades I 've ever owner . I 've had them installed for 3 days . Day 1 it rained , Day 2 , it snowed , and Day 3 , I installed my old blades again because they worked better , even though they were very worn out .
 Bosch 422A ICON Wiper Blade , 22 &#34; -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB- when new they worked . But for the cost of these blades they should last more then a few months NOT HAPPY
 I bought 2 pair of the Bosch icon wipers because they came with a $ 10 rebate . Instead of going with the brand I always use and trusted.The passenger side wiper has separated after 4 months of light use.I still have n't received my rebate . I would never buy another set .
 Bought these blades on the recommendation of the auto parts store sales person . They came with a buy one get one rebate , so I figured , `` What the heck ! '' The blades worked fine for a month or so , but then started streaking badly across the top 1/4 to 1/3 of the wiper path , leaving a streak right through my field of vision . The Bosch Micro-edge or plan old Anco blades with frame work just as well , cost much less and last much longer . Do n't waste your money on these expensive pieces of trash .
 These are on a 1999 Jeep Cherokee in Buffalo , NY . I usually buy nice silicone baldes maybe once every 2 years . I was due for a new set so I picked these up , they looked nice , new design , useful for winter ? i thought i was getting a deal . after one year june08-june09 -LRB- through the winter -RRB- i noticed that they started to fall apart . The end caps came off of either side of both blades after the first 4 months , i was ok with this b/c they still worked great . now the passenger sides blade is tearing and leaving approx . 8in streaks , not acceptable !! i could have easily purchased a cheap $ 5.00 set of blades and they would have performed just as well . Save your money and get triple edge silicone blades , they sell them at walmart , pepboys and advanced auto , they are much cheaper and actually last !
 I would have given this 4 or 5 stars , but after I put them on , they wipe fine , except there is a triangle part in the middle of my windshield that the passenger side wiper , DOES NOT WIPE . It seems as though my windshield is curved and this wiper does not curve with it . The driver side works well , but I 'm very disappointed with the passenger side . I guess I will just have to live with these till they wear out though because I 'm not about to buy another pair when I just purchased these .
 The guy at the store even questioned if it was worth it -- those are the most expensive we carry he said . But the car was new to me , and I was not in a mood to compromise . I expected good wipers , I got terrible ones . Streaks , and rapidly deteriorating performance . They did not last through even a half mild California winter .
 I got these for my 08 Hyundai accent earlier this year . They seemed great at first , but later they just started leaving water streaks . It 's not that they do n't wipe the water well , but that they pull the water back across the windshield whenever they go back down . It 's incredibly annoying . I really liked the mechanical look of these , but they just do n't do the job in all situations . The work great in heavy rain , but whenever it 's a small shower or I just use my washer fluid , they pull the water back across the windshield and streak it . I would n't recommend them to anyone with my car .
 Paid the price , but they lasted only about 3 months . After that they left such streaks that you couldnt see out of the windshield . does anyone have a suggestion of what is the best wiper blade ?
 My title says all , did review and was about 50-50 on performance , but took the chance , because in my mind anything is better than OEM . Was completely wrong on that thought , OEM was able to keep window clean on up and down movement . The Bosch wiper 422A blade leaves about 3 inch smear in viewing area -LRB- area as you are looking straight ahead -RRB- on down movement . Went to Bosch web page and ensured 422A was driver side , but flip position with 422B anyways and now only leaves about inch smear in lower part of viewing area . DO NOT Recommend these at all , if you do not trust OEM blades try something else , because Bosch 422A/B ICON Wiper Blades are a waste of your money .
 I 've been using these wiper blades for several years , and was quite satisfied with them - they were better than the cheap wipers most service centers put on my car ... However , the last two sets I 've purchased have been sub-par , streaking within a few weeks of use , and needing to be replaced after two months of light use ... With snow and ice , the wipers were not effective at clearing the windshield to the point where it was dangerous to continue driving.I 'm guessing the formula and construction of the wiper has changed . Given the price , I would be hard-pressed to purchase these wipers in the future .
 For the amount that these cost over regular wiper blades I was expecting something amazing . At first they worked quite well but the quality of the wipe deteriorated quickly . After carefully cleaning them using rubbing alcohol they start to work better but it does n't last long . I 'm sticking with cheaper wiper blades next time since they last just as long and do just as good of a job .
 Like the other reviews , these blades are awesome at first . I think they cleaned better than my OEM wipers . However after 3-4 months of use , streaks on my windshield got to a point I could not even see the road . I am surprised , a product of German engineering would not last as long as a cheap wiper . Oh well . . $ 30 down the drain ... thought I was getting a good product for that price . . Most people write review in the first month and dont update on product performance after . I made the mistake first time around . Read all the updated reviews on Amazon past 60 days and their story sounds same as mine ...
 Similar to another reviewer , I was initially very pleased with these wipers only to be later disappointed . I installed a set of them on my wife 's car in mid-November and they worked great . However , by mid-February , they were streaking so severely that I had to replace them after just 4 months . We live in the Northern California bay area and have not had much rain until recently and the wipers never experienced snow . I will not buy another set of wipers from this company .
 Man I had streaks like crazy on the driver side . passenger side was OK . They did hold up well for the time I had em . so there durable , just not good for me .
 Always leaves a water trail when it goes trough.On driver side , it drags water/ice back from the corner of the windshield back to the center , so it 's never clean.And last , but not least ... bosh mail in rebate claims they have never received my mail . . Funny how only mail in rebate letters gets lost in USPS ... This blade and bosh mail in rebates service are jokes .
 I deeply regret buying these wipers . they streak very badly to the point it really does effect my line of sight . I even tried to clean them off good and my window but the upper qaurter of both wipers streak very badly and I will have to end up taking these off and maybe buying a cheaper pair of wipers that will probably work twice as good ... as these were actually the most expensive I saw available on Amazon for my car and i thought hey these must be built good . but they are just garbage and i wasted 40 + dollars on the two wipers .
 Last Fall , I bought a set of Bosch blades for my wife 's Tahoe and for my Prius . In less then 1 month , both sets were leaving streaks and water lines on the windshields . In my 33 years of buying wiper blades , they are the worst !
 I bought them for winter weather because they were sealed in rubber so not to get stuck and not function . They worked OK until snow and ice came . After a snow day it would n't wipe the glass clean . It left big streaks so I could hardly see out to drive safely . Then one day after it snowed out I cleaned off the car good and started the windshield wipers up and the driver side -LRB- unlucky side -RRB- broke off and fell to the ground . It broke off the top side of the wiper blade where it connects to the arm.I paid twice the price for these and got only 5 % of normal life out of them . Never will I buy these again . I will go back to Anco winter blades . I never had a problem in 30 years with them . -LRB- The store did n't have any Anco winter blades when I needed them , so I tried these -RRB- Big mistake for winter weather !
 I replaced my original factory wipers with these . They did an amazing job for about 6 months and then they started to streak . Not sure how long wipers are supposed to last , but 6 months seems kind of short . Especially when I live in southern California and it probably only rained 4 times in those six months .
 I 've had these for several months but will definitely not buy again.The problems started with a piece of leaf that stuck to the windshield . After wiping over this a few times and not removing it , I removed it with my finger but the blade left a streak in that spot for months . The wipers are also very streaky in general and not just in the area of the former leaf.They wipe ok in one direction but very poorly in the opposite direction . The problem is that the water that gets pushed to the center of the windshield by the first wiper does not get removed by the second wiper and leaves a big spot that just does n't come clean.I cleaned the blades with alcohol and rain-x 'd the windshield recently . This helped a little but overall these wipers are awful .
 The guy at Advance Auto told me NOT to buy these because they get a lot of complaints -- but I thought , `` Hey , they 're $ 25 each so they 've GOT to be good ! '' They worked great for about about two weeks -LRB- 2 rains -RRB- and then they started streaking like crazy from end to end . It was so bad that I actually put my old wipers back on . I took them back to Advance and they guy laughed and said , `` I told you ! '' I did some research online and it seems that Bosch has a reputation for making terrible windshield wipers .
 UPDATE
 It is a useless blade in the winter . The rubber does n't hug the windshield . The wiper holds snow like all others do . Broke 2 weeks into a Minnesota winter.I rate this item a zero , but it makes me give 1 star . Too much money for a below average wiper .
 The unit was delivered quickly . It came fully charged and with all the features advertised . But you might assume it would come with a power cord so you can keep it charged from an A/C outlet . Wrong . I now have to buy one .
 I though the look of it was fine for my car but it did feel cheap and if you look closely it does not look that impressive either . When mine arrived one cover was chipped along the edge which did not really bother it was just a bummer . What bothered me was that the entire cover broke -LRB- the one that was not chipped -RRB- within two or three months of using it . I did n't hit anything with my car and it does n't look like anyone backed into me or when it was parked . So , sadly , it seems like a pretty cheap product to me.The frames are still fine though so I plan on leaving those on my car for now .
 I 'm goiong to keep this short ... . do n't buy this brand of wiper . Save your money . Buy a meadium price wiper and replace it every few years .
 When reading the description of this product , it states `` blades '' ... `` s '' as in more than one . BEWARE !!!!!! This is only one blade , and I just do n't know of two many cars or trucks that have only one wiper blade . What a rip-off .
 I finally decided to put good windshield wipers on my Toyota , right before Monsoon season hits , here in AZ. . I used them once to clean the windows 2 wks . ago . I just got back from having my car checked out during a routine service . . and they informed me , that the wipers need to be replaced , since mine apparently had already started to rip away ! Before I purchased these , I had read all these reviews . . and let me tell you , you 're all full of it !! Thanks for making this single Mom , throw hard-earned money away !
 NOt expectedthe quality from Bosch was no different than other popular brandswas more costlyIt started streaking after a month
 I installed a set of these Bosch ICON wiper blades on my 2005 Subaru Outback in late 2011 , so I would have new wiper blades as winter settled in to the northeast . At first , I was quite pleased at how well they worked . However , after about three weeks , the driver 's side blade started leaving a streak right in my line of vision . Despite cleaning them , the streak remained and has progressively become worse . These blades are now barely three months old and badly need to be replaced . Normally , this would not be terrible performance for winter in New Jersey , except for the fact that it has snowed exactly ONCE since I installed the wiper blades on the car , there has been below-average precipitation this winter , and I park the car in the garage at night and on weekends . The crappy ANCO blades that I can get from the supermarket perform almost as good as these when new , and last much longer before they need to be replaced . I 'm not buying these again .
 Easy to install -LRB- I 'm not a handy guy and I did it fairly quickly -RRB- , wipes clean on first pass , at this point I 'm impressed with Bosch wipers . Do n't know how long they will last , but have a feeling they will last for quite a while.PS Well they were for a while . After about a month or so , the rubber became ` set ' and now chatters across the glass when I turn them on , leaving your ears and eyes sad for the experience . Horrible when cold too . Does n't wipe and chatters continually .
 I bought a pair of these Bosch wiper blades for my 2010 Ford Fusion and they are pretty much shot at 3 months . This blade leaves streaks and smears on most of the driver 's side which I think is due to the length of this blade . This happens even though I clean the windshield and blades often . The shorter passenger side seems to wipe better but is still not great . The driver 's side blade has now developed a nick in the blade resulting in a bead of water that is never removed from my field of vision . I actully put the original blades back on and they perform better than the Bosch blades ever did . I recommend not buying these blades .
 After thorough research I bought these in late 2009 to replace stock blades on a 2006 Honda Pilot . They worked well for about 3 months and then started streaking and skipping -LRB- very annoying on long drives -RRB- . The stock blades worked much better . I am now replacing and would not recommend this Bosch ICON model for any SUV.UPDATED Review - June 3 , 2011 . In my original comment on these Bosch ICON blades , I was generous awarding 2 stars . I finally replaced these blades in April 2011 with Good Year Assurance blades , and I am sad that it took me so long to do so . With the Bosch blades I cringed every time it rained as they were very streaky and failed to remove water from the wind screen . I had to constantly adjust my seated position so I could see the road through the streaks . These new Good Year blades made a ` day and night ' difference .
 I picked these up in a chain store because after the rebate they were the cheapest . On a Mercedes there is one big wiper blade and this one left a huge spot where it did n't contact the windshield , right in front of the driver 's seat . I do n't know if that I-Beam style works well for the larger blades.To add insult to injury , I received a postcard saying that my rebate was denied because I did n't include the UPC , which I ca n't prove since all I have is a cut out portion of the original box . Seems kinda sleazy.The fact that it did n't work and then they pulled the trick with the rebate makes me think twice about purchasing Bosch in the future .
 I do n't understand what everyone thinks is so great about these wipers . I had a set of these on for approx . 3 months and they were basically shot . Right out of the package they left streaks that previous cheapy blades never did . I though maybe they 'd break in or something but nope . I cleaned the windshield thoroughly , wiped down the blades with IPA and still they never actually cleaned the windshield that well . I even ran Rain-X with them and it did n't really help . For the price these things should work flawlessly and last a long time but they do n't . I 'll never purchase these blades again , ever . I would n't put them on if they were free knowing I 'd just have to change them out in 3 months when they were worn out . The cheapy blades give me a year plus usually here in PA. . Right now I 'm running the Rain-X brand wipers and Rain-X wiper fluid . They work awesome together and it saves me from having to coat the windshield with the Rain-X treatment . So far these have been on 5 months and still working great at roughly 2/3 the cost of the Bosch , it 's a no brainer for me .
 On a 2000 Honda Accord , this wiper leaves a big wet spot right in front of the driver 's eyes . It clears the glass on the up-stroke -LRB- so the salt build-up goes away -RRB- but does n't hug it on the down-stroke , so a blurry spot stays behind . This does not seem to be dependent on speed.The smaller passenger-side wiper -LRB- 19 '' -RRB- and two I put on a 2001 Saturn SC2 -LRB- 22 '' and 21 '' -RRB- work pretty well .
 Bosch 424A ICON Wiper Blade - 24 `` Blade was good for 20 days . Then first frost the bracket at the center snapped within 30 days . Amazon replaced no problem . However because of the size 24 '' this is not the blade for all seasons . I have shorter version of this on other cars no problem but I have since switched to a Bosch Winter Blade for Vermont usage .
 I bought a set of the Bosch Icons for my 2004 Toyota Camry back in January 19th , right after the crazy snowstorms that hammered the New York City area and retired them today , just a week short of 6 months . During the first few months of use they were great , although I did notice that they would actually shake a bit on the lower half when they were in use and I was n't sure why . They were definitely quieter than the old cheap blades I had on the car.Fast forward 4 months , they stopped making good contact with the windshield -LRB- despite cleaning the windshield and the blades -RRB- and they would lift off a bit and leave smears . I regularly clean my windshield and apply Rain-X about once a week and I also wipe the wiper blades down to remove the dirt and debris that they could pick up . I was hoping they would last at least a year but my hopes were cut short . All in all , they are definitely overrated and too expensive for the life span it offers . I will not be buying these again .
 I have these on my Acura , and where they actually meet the windshield , they work well . However , over the driver 's side , they apparently do n't meet the windshield . So when I drive in rain/snow , they usuaaly wipe away the water on the up-stroke , but then gap on the downstroke . That leaves a nice 4-5 inch area of water directly in my line of sight . Also , when I put them back down after cleaning the windsheild , a piece popped off the passenger side wiper and would n't go back on again . So , that wiper then started to not meet the windshield . Check to make sure these meet your whole windshield before purchasing .
 The shipping was quick and the price was right but the color and fit of the floor mat is poor . The description claims the color to be an EXACT MATCH to the Factory color but its not even close ! To get this to fit I put it in the best I could and used it for a few weeks . After Being broke in it still has a poor fit . I would go with a factory floor mat if I had to do it again !
 I used the fog lights 4 days and the glass starts to crack . After a week both glasses were completely ruined . I contacted the seller and says the glasses broke because of rocks ... . driving in the city ????? Worst product ever .
 received in time.was unable to separate the ball joint using it and when applied force the prongs bent . it seems like it is made from a softer metal than it should be . had to rent one from O'Reilys . the once rented from O'Reilys was heavier and solid .
 I returned the first one due to crinkling and streching in the material . The replacement was the same . Amazon wisely refunded my purchase and did not send a third .
 why those it take 2 to 5 moths , can you correct me if I ` am wrong please let me know thank you .
 I 'd really be interested in buying a new sensor for my car , but I do n't think a rug is going to cut it .
 Not enough info is provided to determine selection . Restock fee is very high . I will not go this route again . Go after market with a new system and avoid the headache
 really fits right , , lokks nice , covers up rusted area on back of truck
 Does not fit 2003 Ford Focus with 2.0 Zetec DOHC engine . Please write at least 20 words describing your experience with this item . Repeated words do n't count
 Item fit perfectly , however I would NEVER service another Volvo . Almost impossible to reach connection . Initially eliminated `` check engine '' light -LRB- CEL -RRB- and associated code , but CEL and code came back in less than a week . Acquired as favor to my sister to help her pass state vehicle inspection , regrettably after CEL reappeared she took vehicle to nearby mechanic who replaced and threw away part - so I could not return . The CEL/code has not reappeared since he replaced this item -LRB- over 2 years ago . -RRB-
 The wires were not the correct part for my car . There was no coil wire in the set . Terrible
 This stuff is worthless ... and thats without even knowing if the chemical makeup of it can even keep your pipes from blueing.You 'll never get far enough to find out and here 's why . This stuff has the viscosity of water and a longer cure time than concrete.Per the instructions
 The gauge I received had a silver face and not the black face as shown in the listing . So now I have a silver gauge amongst a group of 5 other black face gauges . Not worth the hassle and trouble to return it .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 The shipping on this product was as much as the product . I was charged based on product weight of 10 lbs . when , in truth , the item weighs less than 1 lb.as packaged . The tank cover is fine but I will not buy merchandise from this provider again after such flagrant deception .
 I purchased this product using Amazon 's car selection menu to make certain this would fit my vehicle . After entering the information that I had a 2012 Honda Civic Coupe , the selection said it did fit that car . Having searched continuously for a ventvisor for my car for some time now , I was glad to finally find one that fit . However upon arrival , I took the visor still in packaging out to my car to make certain it looked like it would match before opening it , and it clearly was not for my car . Therefore , I want to make clear I 'm not giving this product a bad rating , just wanting to inform others that if you are looking for something that fits the same model car that I own , look elsewhere . The model number of this product # 192410 is what was the number on this listing and the same one on the product I received , but again , it will not fit a 2012 Honda Civic Coupe .
 When closing the window it hits the Ventshade and reverses.The Ventshade is installed properly.I ripped them off and ordered the one with the tape that goes on the outside of the window chanel.The Ventshade that mounts to the window trim looks fine unlike the ones that mount to the painted surface of some vehicles .
 I installed this on a 1989 Montero . It was pretty darn close to fitting , but not there . On the bottom , I had to dremel off about 1/4 '' to get it to fit . Once I did this it fit like a glove and looked great . The only bad thing is that some of the rigidity is lost when you have to cut off the bottom . Maybe it fits other years better , but it was only `` close '' on the 1989 . I did still use it .
 Last Fall , after reading the claims of this spark plug , I purchased one for use in my old McCulloch chain saw . It did seem to improve the overall performance of the chain saw during my fire wood cutting -LRB- I cut 15-20 cord a year for heating -RRB- . This Spring , after routine maintenance , I cranked up the saw to block up a few small trees . Everything went fine for the first tank of gas . During the second tank the saw stopped running accompanied by a clanging noise in the cylinder . Then the saw froze right up . Upon disassembling the cylinder I located the problem . The `` horse shoe '' ring that goes around the electrode broke loose from the body of the spark plug and became embedded in the top of the cylinder . The damage to the piston and cylinder have rendered this engine useless . In 40 years of working on engines I have never seen a standard spark plug break down like this one did . I can only assume that it is a design flaw , poor materials , or poor quality control that caused this to happen . The life time warranty is limited to the replacement of the failed plug . So if you value your equipment I would think twice before purchasing one of these plugs .
 Did you contact the mfg. of spark plug . I think they would want defective plug back . And maybe your saw . Company would probably replace or repair your saw . I certainly would contact them .
 I thought all Lisle items were produced in the USA until I received this scribe . It 's made in China . I wish all items sold on Amazon that are produced in the USA would be marked as such .
 Did n't fit , so returned item.Accepted without hassle , but had to payround trip postage . Price was rather high , so glad to be able to return these coils .
 Bought 8 coil pack and found 4 of 8 defective . MSD has not been able to replace defective units for last 5 months citing manufacturing problems . Do n't waste your $ , there is no refund policy from MSD .
 I purchased these coils for my 2001 camaro LS1.I liked the look of the coils and have had good luck with msd products in the past.I am a mechanic of 20 years and coils on a LS1 camaro are not easily replaced.Took my camaro to the drag strip and did not notice any increase in 1/4 mile time.Thats upsetting due to the cost and time it takes to install these coils.If you paid someone to install even more upsetting.Next I did not notice any increase in fuel mileage . That is acceptable to me because if you own a LS1 your right foot likes to hammer the throttle.Then I started to notice the check engine light coming on and off.Then light just staied on.Plugged in my diagnostic scan tool and had multiple misfire codes.Checked a live misfire datastream and did not see any real misfires.Cleared codes and the next morning I was paying more attension and I could fell a misfire just 30 seconds after start up then light came back on.The next morning cleared codes and set scan tool on a live misfire datastream . Strated car and strated to get misfires on almost all cylinders some more than others then light came back on.Moved 2 of the coils that had the most misfires to other cyliders that had less misfires.The next morning the suspected bad coils were misfiring more on cyliders that were misfiring less.End result at least 2 bad coils I could have called msd and probably got waranted coils but due to the time to replace not worth it to me.I replaced the msd coils with my original delfi coils and everything is great.No misfires in the morning even on the cylinders that had a few misfires with the msd coils.Its been 6 months now and no check engine light since then .
 Just FYI the `` make sure it fits you vehicle box '' said it would fit a 2006 Ford Expedition XLT , however it does not . The mounting plates on the hitch are about 4 inches wider than the frame of the SUV .
 I ordered 2 of these to replace the ones in my 2003 MINI Cooper . When I received the parts they were 2 different UPC numbers & the sensors were different . They both fit , but one must have been an older model or design & the other a newer one . They both fit properly and simply plugged into the existing wire harnesses , however I am still getting codes for faults with both of the O2 sensors .
 SES light would still go on and off with this Bosch replacement in a 2003 MINI Cooper R50 . I have also confirmed that it is due to the sensor , and not an exhaust leak or other issues that may lead to a pre-cat O2 sensor code being thrown . Although Bosch is usually a safe aftermarket choice , if you own a MINI Cooper , I recommend going with the exact MINI OE replacement , or the NTK replacement : NGK 25648 Oxygen Sensor - NGK/NTK PackagingThe original sensors are manufactured by NTK , so those should truly be an exact replacement . However , I have yet to install my NTK replacement , so I can not confirm . Hoping to try it soon .
 I used the tool provided by Amazon to make sure I ordered the proper tow hitch . I entered all the information correctly , and this is the hitch it told me to order . When I received it , it did not fit . Amazon did n't reimburse for my having to ship it back , which was very expensive given the products weight . NOT HAPPY AT ALL .
 I had them put in my Buick after reading reviews on Amazon that the MPG was great . My old plugs were extremely bad , some with no electrode . I 'm not getting great MPG , only average , but of course better than the worn out plugs . Have a 3100 GM motor and am getting 24 MPG average -LRB- driving to work -RRB- and that is only average for this car . After seeing some other reviews elsewhere of the cheap electrodes falling off in the engine and they are made in China , I really regret having bought them . If they were made in Japan I believe the quality would have been much better-maybe a higher price , but someone is making a killing on these crappy spark plugs . They supposedly have a better design , just not the quality . I will probably buy some NGK spark plugs and replace them , I just do not feel good about the possibility of the electrode falling off on top of the piston-may end up in the rings and then major problems !! Big waste of my money and time.HHH
 Its absolutely worthless , might as well spit on the car . I would rather piss on my car , than use this again .
 I bought into the marketing and tried these plugs on my 2009 Subaru Forester . Simply put , while these plugs are not going to do damage to your car , the performance did not stand up to their claims . Average MPG dropped over 1.5 MPG and that is after paying a higher price than standard plug replacements . Ultimately , I would suggest paying less and getting platinum plugs or spending about a dollar more per plug and getting Iridium . I replaced these E3s with NGK Iridiums and instantly saw an increase of 3.3 MPG . Again , these are not worth the extra money when you could see much better performance with other options . Do n't believe the marketing .
 Husband heard how great these were supposed to be and purchased from Advance Auto . Tahoe started running very poorly after tune up with air filter , spark plugs , oil change , etc. . Kept trying to figure out problem . I suggested checking reviews on spark plugs and found that these are not compatible with a Tahoe from reviews on Amazon and other sites . Returned E3 spark plugs got Delco . Now waiting to change plugs tomorrow to see if problem is corrected . Thanks to everyone who leaves reviews for products so others can figure out what might be wrong with their purchases . PS -LRB- I was right for once -RRB- !
 I bought a set of these plugs less that a year ago have replaced them with a set of NGK plugs the idle of my car has been getting rough over the past few months after reading the reviews of these I decided to swap them for the NGK 's idle has improved so much for 100k plugs these lasted less than 10k .
 I got these plugs for my Geo Tracker last year and they did awesome so I thought I 'd go with them for my mazda protege that I just purchased . They worked horribly in that car , making it stutter and had no accelration , it was undrivable . Had to return the product and get NGK g-powers which worked awesomely in my car.Overall review - Not good for mazda .
 Purchased @ lowe 's plug would not fire after about a year took back to lowe ` sWas told they did n't warranty had to go to Manufacturer , did that , was told had to send to them to get replacement , shipping would cost more than buying another plug lifetime warranty is a lie in this respectAs for as the plug its ok but no better than Std . Plug
 I bought these thinking I would see a slight increase in fuel economy and horsepower . I saw neither , but did find my car idling roughly and shuddering periodically in lower gears . I took it to the shop and they traced it back to these E3 spark plugs . Non-original equipment therefore the issue was not covered under warranty . I 'll be changing back to the AC Delco .
 Sure the E-3 plugs worked in the beginning . I noticed better performane and fuel economy . Two months in the motor began to miss . I did not even think of checking my new $ 6.00 spark plugs . Sure enough , I replaced plugs with a good aftermarket plug . Problem went away and never had a problem since.Will never buy these again.I went to Ohio with a buddy of mine in his Chevy pickup this year . He was bragging he just replaced his plugs with E-3 plugs . I had a bad feeling . The trip was 1100 miles one way . I noticed a slight miss in the engine heading north . On the way back it starting missing and backfiring really bad . It finally stopped running and we coasted into a gas station one hundred miles from home . I told him I thought it was the plugs . We walked over to Wal-Mart and bought new plugs . We could only reach 4 of them because he had headers installed . Guess what ... it ran great for the remainder of the trip.From what I have read from other posts , this is what you can expect from these . Good performance at first , and then a big letdown .
 Do n't buy these plugs . For the same price , you can have Bosch +4 , with the same basic tip , and know they wo n't fail after 400 miles like mine did.Just click `` back '' twice , right now , and you 'll be safe .
 I ordered a set of E3 spark plugs for a 2004 Toyota Tundra with 4.7 L V8 engineWhen items arrived , they were E3 .48 , the WRONG item for my vehicleI contacted Amazon , specifying that they need to ship E3 .64 spark plugs , and returned the packageWhen the replacement items showed up , they were again the WRONG item for my vehicle ! They were E3 .48 sI again contacted Amazon , and their answer was `` we can not accommodate your request because it is our policy to only send replacement items , not exchange the item `` My thoughts
 I bought a set of eight plugs for my 2007 Dodge Ram 4.7 L. Everything was fine for the first 6 hours then I had a misfire on one of the plugs . I did some troubleshooting , removed and reseated all the ignition coils and still could n't get the misfire to go away . I took it to the nearest Car X for service thinking I screwed something up . After two hours on the diagnostic machine , it turned out to be a bad plug which cost me $ 70 to fix . This is the FIRST plug I ever had go bad after 6 hours . I am waiting for the other ones to go bad and cost me even more . Not very impressed so far .
 I installed the E3 plugs in my Scion TC after reading their claims . Common sense dictates some truth about any spark plug . If you have worn out plugs and replace them with any decent plug which most are , you 'll feel improvements in performance , smooth idle , acceleration and fuel economy . Of all the plugs I 've tried , these were the worst thus far . After 40K miles , I felt sputtering and my check engine light came on . After checking the code , found out it was the plugs . I replaced them with NGK Iridium plugs and the problem resolved . I currently have over 307,000 miles on my vehicle so I 've tried several brands and the E3 was the worst . Considering time and labor costs , these plugs are not worth the money .
 These plugs worked great for the first 6 months ! Their power were especially noticeable at low rpms , however come six months I started to get misfires and the engine started running ruffly . I pulled them out and found that the welds holding E clips were all starting to break and separate!Bottom line
 I AM A 28 YEAR ASE MECHANIC . I INSTALLED E3 SPARK PLUGS IN MY TOYOTA TACOMA V6 . AFTER 1 MONTH OF REGULAR DAILY DRIVING , KEEPING TRACK OF MILES DRIVEN AND GASOLINE USAGE , AND SENSIBLE DRIVING IN A VERY WELL MAINTAINED VEHICLE I DID NOT SEE ANY FUEL MILEAGE INCREASE OR HORSEPOWER GAIN . IF E3 SPARK PLUGS ARE SO GREAT , , , THEN WHY ARE THE MANUFACTURERS NOT INSTALLING THEM .
 I 'm a ASE Automotive technician , And I thought `` Wow thats some pulg ! `` I installed them in my 2001 subaru 2.5 engine . They would cause Misfire and skipping after 3000 rpm . Dont wast your money .
 I purchased this spark plug for my Tecumseh 49 cc 2 cycle folding bicycle . The advertising has proven less than truthful . After a few hours of use the engine became hard to start and top end was lost . I replaced the carburetor pump diaphragm because of it 's age -LRB- ten years -RRB- and cleaned the internal passages . This did n't help . Shortly after , the engine started to backfire . I 've never experienced this on any 2-cycle . Out of frustration , I replaced the plug with the old Champion . The engine starts first pull and runs great on top end.Don ' t be fooled by the so called `` new technology '' in spark plugs.Six dollars for a Chinese made spark plug simply is n't worth .
 do n't fall for any gimmicky spark plugs . they are a scam . there is only one spark that jumps the electrode per cycle . just like the scam that was floating around with the split-fire spark plugs . just like the scam that was floating around with the magnet on the fuel line . just like the ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a review for the Curt Manufacturing 13561 Class III Receiver by Curt Manufacturing . It seems well constructed but it has two problems as highlighted in the title :1 . There is no padding material inside the cardboard box . As a result the heavy steel receiver and the `` wings '' -LRB- where the bolt holes are -RRB- broke through the box and got scratched in multiple places . See the customer photo I uploaded above . I received two separate shipments , one by ground and the other by overnight , both boxes were broken in multiple places .2 . One of the bolt holes does not line up with the corresponding threaded hole for 2003 Honda Odyssey , even though Amazon 's web page says
 The hitch was delivered in its bare metal form with absolutely no packaging whatsoever for protection . The screws were shoved into the receiver hole and taped in . The fedex shipping label was adhered directly to the metal . Luckily the scrapes/damages were minimal but it could have been much worse.I have n't even installed it yet but my satisfaction is already compromised upon delivery .
 The Curt Manufacturing 13561 Class III Receiver is supposed to fit a 2003 Honda Odyssey . However , 2 of the holes did not line up with the holes on the vehicle . I had to have a professional make it fit by drilling out 2 of the holes on the receiver . In addition , the holes on the vehicle had to be re-tapped . He also recommended that this receiver NOT be used to tow anything heavy -LRB- i.e. a trailer -RRB- . Lucky for us we are just using it for a bike rack . The price is good . But , you get what you pay for .
 Garbage ! 2 of 6 plugs went bad within 400 mi . But of course , I looked at everything else first , it could n't be the BRAND NEW PLUGS ! After more than a month , I bit the bullet and put the old Bosch Platinums back in.Runs perfect again . The Bosch plugs have 53K miles on them.Lesson learned .
 These plugs fowled on me at less than 3000 miles . No idea why . Engine quickly began running so rough that I thought I 'd thrown the timing belt . Cleaning did not help . I replaced them with NGKs G-Powers . These are now at 5000 miles and no problems . E3 's might work great for some applications , but not a 194 straight six .
 Bought a set of E3 's for my 1993 Audi S4 . I used the Amazon parts finder and the `` does this part fit my car '' feature to make sure I was buying the right plugs . Installed the plugs and noticed the idle was smoother . Under light throttle it was fine , BUT under boost -LRB- the S4 is turbo charged -RRB- I experienced severe misfiring . I replaced the E3 's with a set of Bosch F5DP0R plugs -LRB- original equipment part -RRB- and now my S4 runs perfectly.I had also bought a set of E3 's for my 2006 Dodge Dakota H.O. V8 . After the experience with the E3 plugs i bought for my Audi I immediately returned the E3 plugs I had bought for my truck .
 During the first minute of use , the fins in the # 12 broke off . Poorly made , plastic fins are too brittle .
 The fins on this little tool do n't fit with any of the fins on either my window air conditioner or the central air conditioner , which got damaged during a recent hail storm , so I 'm back to square one . I found success by using a razor knife , which is a tedious process , though . I 'd return it but after the postage my refund would n't make it worth it , so I 'll just put it with all the other tools I have have no use for . It does n't come with instructions , which was disappointing even if it 's supposed to be obvious what a guy 's supposed to do .
 I have four different-sized window AC units and none of the sizes on the tool fit the fins on any of them . I have no idea if it works or not . It 's too much of a hassle to send it back to Amazon . So for me the tool was a waste of money . I wished I had bought this tool from a local store so I could just return it . I guess you live and learn .
 One of the tines on the ' 15 ' side is bent making it nearly impossible to insert into the radiator grill .
 The white plastic part has way too many irregularities . I was not able to straighten out my AC condenser . It 's easier to take a knife and run it down the condenser and straighten out the fins .
 This tool is destined for the finest garbage pails you can find . It does n't work , it 's flimsy , and I think a rubic 's cube is easier to figure out . If anyone knows how to use this thing effectively , I 'd like to nominate you for president of the known universe .
 Great price , and made with quality red handle ... The white plastic comb is not made to specs . the comb teeth are spaced right but the comb teeth are too wide , you will have to use sandpaper to make this product work . I also had three of the six combs with another problem . The teeth of these combs were either bent too far outward or inward , and there was no way to correct the problem . I think it is a great design , but maybe if it was made with a better process and too more ridged specs it could be worth the money and the time . If you need an item like this , keep searching for a better made product .
 This did n't work for my air conditioner . Before ordering this product , get a ruler and measure how many fins per inch on your unit . This product is designed to straighten them if they 're 8 , 9 , 10 , 12 , 14 or 15 fins per inch -LRB- mine 's 20 -RRB- .
 This tool WORKS , but you might want to buy 3 or 4 of them since the plastic teeth break after a few pulls through the fins . I had to resort to dragging the tool sideways across the bent fins to straighten them after a few of the teeth broke . A tool like this with either high-impact plastic or metal teeth would work much better.If it helps , I have a Coleman-Evcon heat pump/AC unit and the 14 count teeth worked well on my fins , until they broke of course .
 Anazon is a good place to buy . This tool is almost useless for what it is made for.There has to be a better tool for this .
 After a recent hail storm , i was told that the fins that go over the coils in my central AC unit that sits next to the house were damaged . I was told that there was a product available to straighten the smashed fins which would allow me to fix this problem myself and avoid a costly replacement . I checked out a few fin straightener on line and chose ATD-3404 because it was suppose to be easy to use and have a size for all types of fins.When , I got the product , I found that it was made of cheap plastic and one of the side -- and the side that I needed to use , came in smashed together and would not even fit into the fins that I need ro repair . It actually made the fins worse instead of straightening them . I was very disappointed and frustrated and decided to get a small exacto knife and manually straighten the fins myself . This was very slow and dedious work , but I was able to get the fins back to normal and avoid the costly replacemnet -- no thanks to the tool I had just wasted my time and money on.I do n't know if there are any fin straightener that actually work , but I do know that this product is not one of them !
 I bought one of these before IKE ... Was great for 2 days ... the it quit producing power . almost a month later I am still waiting for it to get fixed . Customer service is horrible . Waited 1.5 hours on hold to speak with someone gave up and left a message . Took 2 weeks to hear from anyone ... Sent multiple emails ... Auto response use online help ... Spend several hours trying to locate an Authorized service center almost all listed did not work on generators . Once I did find one they are still waiting on parts ... Do n't buy one unless you really do n't need it to work
 `` Description reads ` frame made of die cast zinc ' ... I received frames made of flimsy plastic . `` Same here . I checked the model number to make sure.If Amazon is going to sell this junk directly to their customers , Should n't Amazon read the description , and then inspect the product?Or , is it more cost effective to refund and pay shipping both ways ?
 I searched everywhere to find a metal frame at a good price . It seemed as if I had finally found it since it showed the retail price at almost $ 30 , on sale for under $ 10 ... then it arrived . All plastic ... I am sending this back in the morning and will update this review as my adventure unfolds ...
 I was some how optimistic ... overly optimistic that the item would be as described.It 's not metal , it 's cheap plasticDo n't believe the item description : `` Rim frame made of die cast zinc & the bubble shield is acrylicEnduring quality that can be both seen and feltEach metal frame is carefully hand polished `` It 's just black and clear plastic
 I hate this stuff . Do not get it on black plastic . My car still has spots from where it got on the black plastic .
 I use mainly all Meguiar 's products for the care of my family 's two vehicles . This product works as advertised , which is to say that it restores the plastic , rubber and vinyl trim to black . But water causes this product to run like a woman 's mascara and it leaves ugly streaks on my black 07 F-150 . I know that having a black vehicle amplifies all imperfections , so it may not show on other vehicle colors . But its too much for me to ignore . It also can leave a greasy look if you dont wipe it again with a dry cloth . Its still greasy-feeling when you touch it , though . I am going to try Adam 's SuperVRT .
 Worthless and here 's why ... When it rains , its like you never used it . So unless you want to apply it EVERY time you wash your vehicle or it rains then there 's absolutely no reason to use this product.I 've tried it multiple times and will give it ago again , but that 's how this stuff is . The last time , multiple coats did n't do anything extra.It looks nice after applied , although greasy so do n't touch it.There 's really not much more to say . Shoe polish or magic marker would probably work better .
 This Trim Detailer made the plastic on my Chevy Avalanche look new . That 's the good . The Trim Detailer ran down the side of my truck and back glass with the first rain . I still have n't gotten it off my glass and it is difficult to get off my paint . That 's the bad .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 not too good why would I want to keep writing writing and writing while all I wanted to say is not too good . strange .
 Is there more then one which is it if there is ? How much do they weigh ? How do you expect people to buy these if they dont know what the hell they are buying
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 when they came i looked at them and put them back in the box til it was warm enough to put on my truck . I just relized theyre 2 different sizes and i guess im beat
 The product is very very bad1st it 's white , yes white not transparent as photo show2nd it 's very ver loose
 I should have listened to the other reviews . THESE ARE NOT CLEAR , they are white . At least they were cheap , so throwing these butt ugly white hunks of plastic in the trash wo n't cost a lot . Does n't say much for the seller , if they ca n't even get a cheap product like this right .
 I had high hopes for this product , but you pretty much have to be a motorcycle mechanic to install this sucker . I feel I am somewhat mechanically inclined , but for most motorcycles , you have to run a dedicated line to the battery , and also mounting can be a nightmare . I do n't return much from Amazon , but this was one of them .
 Put this on my CVO street gide and it looked nice but it fell short of quality from there.the sound was not as loud as the competing models that I put on my other bikes and the round chrome peice on the top fell off after only a few months later.My recommendation is to spend a little more money and buy one from a store where you can test the sound and have someone to return it to if it does start falling apart .
 The original equipment on my truck is twice as loud as this Bad Boy . I am very disappointed in this product . It is not nearly as loud as expected . I will probably end up throwing it in the junk pile and buying something louder !! We need a loud horn as we are towing a 5th wheel trailer . I had hoped that this would be the one , but it surely is n't !
 this air horn is not much louder than my electric horns were and if it gets wet at all it does n't work at all untill it dries completly out . do n't waist your money on this piece of junk .
 This item lasted one week then quit working . After installing it worked about 25 times . 20 of which was testing . Do n't buy
 This horn would be fine if hidden under a car hood . The cover is chromed plastic , not chrome . The one I received already looked worn in spots and the seams looked like they were glued . Again , under the hood it might work fine and who cares about the looks . I sent it right back and would not put it on my Harley .
 THAT HORN IS A PIECE OF CRAP , THE STEBEL BLOWS IT AWAY , BAD BOY MORE LIKE BAD INFANT
 Bought this for my GW does not fit anywhere so put it on my truck ... would have liked to put it on one of my other cars but no easy way to do that since it seems all horns are hidden now . . and require a lot of work to replace . Sound was not that much of a improvement from my standard Found on Road Dead F150
 This horn is n't very loud . It would be if you could get the Juice it needs to it but the wiring is complicated and frusterating . I did n't think it was worth the money .
 This horn sounds great on the motorcycle . In less than 1 year the ` Chrome Plastic ' looks awful . I am very unhappy with the quality of the horn . It says chrome and not chrome plastic . The warranty is only good for 90 days . Go figure .
 I have had dozens of plugs in my vehicles over the years . These are only ones to fail.Iridium Bosch or NGK are much better .
 I purchased two sets of these diamond fire technology plugs after seeing them used on horsepower television where they made a difference on an engine being dyno 'd . There was an increase in horsepower and a reduction in emmissions , but this was a carburated engine , were the tech could make manual adjustments to fuel and timing.I installed one set on my 2009 gmc Sierra pick-up which is fuel injected and computer controled and is self adjusting . I have to say that they 've made no difference that I can see ; I 've been tracking my truck 's fuel consumption on a L/100KM calculator since I bought it , I 've gone though over 600 KMs so far with the new plugs and no improvement in fuel efficiency . My feeling ? it 's just another plug , based on old technology that goes back 100 + years . The only difference I 've noticed is rougher idle quality . At least they 're cheap to buy so I do n't feel too bad having spent the $ $ to satisfy my curiosity , and they have n't made performance worse.I 'll try the second set on my '06 Corvette , which I will do a custom tune on , I expect that I may see results similar to the ones on the tv show since I 'll be able to adjust fuel and timing.Sorry E3 , I 'm not impressed .
 I purchased these plugs after veiwing them on popular tv shows . I also looked at previous reviews on this site . I should have heeded the reviews more than the selling points of the sponsered tv shows . Within a month after installing these plugs I now have severe misfiring . I am sending these plugs back to E3 under thier warranty . Hopefully they will refund -LRB- at thier choice -RRB- rather than send me replacements that I no longer want or need.On the other hand I did get better gas milage for about a tankful of gas -LRB- midgrade -RRB- but that stopped after about 100 miles of my nexted fillup -LRB- same gas , same brand -RRB- . I reccomend that you think about another brand and listen to other reviews rather than buy into another gimmick .
 Back in April 2010 , I purchased a set of eight of these for my four-year-old 5.3 L truck engine . I had them installed and was off and running . This was at 70K miles.Last week , I noticed my truck running rough . In fact , the CE light came on twice while I was at idle . I just turned 90K miles yesterday.I took it in to my mechanic today . He showed me the codes , which read that two of the cylinders were not firing . Turns out the plugs went bad on two , and had potential failures on three more.I told him to put in OEM plugs .
 Would not recommend these to anyone . They started missing and caused my check engine light to come on on my ranger truck after less than a thousand miles .
 These plugs were the worst I have every used . Will Notpurchase them again ! Fouled after about 1500 miles , computer reset upon install , and seemed fine at first . But items not worth the price .
 Great mirrors , if you get a set that works . But after buying 2 sets and having to return them because one of the adjustment motors in the mirror would not work I was disappointed . Contacted the manufacture in an effort to fix the problem and they would not return calls . Amazon was great with the returns and crediting my account .
 the valve works ok but it could have had a larger in put of water coming in to flush harder and faster
 We were looking for the `` Flush King '' for our TT . We saw a fellow camper use his and decided we would get one . I saw the Camco and thought it looked like the same thing for much cheaper . WRONG ! This unit has a small hole for the water to spray . It takes forever to flush any amount of water to the black tank , plus the spray is so weak we were flushing forever . Not the strong spray of water the Flush King delivered . Wish we would have bought the FLUSH KING !
 leaks around sewage connection , no o-ring . flush valve small and takes a long time to refill tanks . does the job if you have time and patience . would search for different product next time for the price of this one .
 I purchased this as a backup for my almost 4 year old Flush King . The price was right so I thought I 'd give it a try.I use a h2owatch meter to monitor my incoming gallonage . In 4 minutes the Camco put in 6 gallons while the Flush King added 30 in the same time period.For those with small holding tanks and in no hurry , this might be the answer . I however have three 40 gallon tanks to flush and must do so multiple times.In my opinion , this is nothing more than a poorly designed knock-off .
 I ordered two of these valves at seperate times and they were both broken . It is a very poor design and it should not be onthe market . The place were you attach the fresh water hose is not strong enough to support the weight of the hose with out breaking off the coupling .
 I guess I should take the hint and move on to another product . Amazon cancelled my 3rd order and refunded my $ . Both units arrived with a crack in the base of the connector for the hose . Water would have sprayed everywhere when I hooked them up -LRB- I did n't -RRB- . Both were packaged well enough that I do n't think shipping caused the damage -LRB- the boxes were not beat up or anything -RRB- . Seems like it would work if I could get one that is n't defective .
 Ordered the spark plugs . Came in a box way too big with no filler material so the plugs where loose in the packaging . Installed them anyways . My car actually ran better with the old NGK spark plugs . I checked it found that the spark plug gap was wrong -LRB- gap not adjustable for these plugs -RRB- . Had to spend more money and just purchase new plugs at local auto parts store . Do not purchase
 I was going to order this item . When I went to checkout the quantity was changed from 6 to 3 . It said this is a limited quantity item . Why would I only want 3 when my audi is a six cylinder ? This is a stupid policy . If it said this on the product page I would not have put it in my cart . Instead , I had to waste time going through checkout only to find I coul not order the number of items I needed.I think I 'll start doing my shopping elsewhere .
 I used these plugs in my 2002 VW Passat 1.8 T AWM for a little more then a year and a half . I had used them for just a tad over 20,000 Miles.When new they worked just as well as stock plugs . However I saw no improvement in MPG . They started to fail and misfire at just a few miles over 20,000 Miles of use . I have never had spark plugs wear out so fast . I expected more from this product . I am extremely disappointed in these plugs.I 've had Autolite Platinum 's that lasted 40,000 Miles -LRB- twice as long -RRB- and they cost about half the price.I will not buy E3 Spark Plugs in the future !
 After about 10k miles on the spark plugs -LRB- '04 Tundra -RRB- , had one of 8 fail -LRB- mechanic cost $ 86 for evaluation and replacement -RRB- . Now talking with mechanic -LRB- should have before I installed -RRB- and auto-parts store , these are not as advertised .
 I bought these after seeing them on TV . I 'm not usually the kind of person to talk down a product , but in this case I feel obligated . I purchased these for my 2003 civic to replace my plugs . Within a month , the engine was stuttering and hesitating . I brought it for service and they said my ignition coils were failing and needed to be replaced . $ 450 for diagnostic , new coils and labor . At first I assumed it was just the coils ' time to go ... but my new set of coils did n't make it more than 2 miles from the shop before the engine started acting up again ! Cylinders 1-3 were misfiring . Shop guys said the plugs blew out the brand new coils in 5 minutes flat ! They replaced them and threw in some new plugs because they felt bad for me . Have n't had a problem with fresh coils and new plugs . I 'm in the process of writing the company to see if I can get them to pay my bill . This is a clear case of crappy merchandise .
 We ordered this mirror and the one for the other side 2 times and both times the support posts were broken so that the mirror could not be installed or used in any way . This was not a UPS shipping problem . The mirror glass was not broken . The plastic support posts for the screws was broken , probably at the packing plant . Amaaon did not return postage the first time , but did their best to do the right thing for the second return .
 Amazon outdid themselves trying to get the right item sent to us , and we do n't blame them one bit that the company involved sent the wrong item twice . The dimensions of the item sent were about half of what was advertised . We did get a prompt refund .
 These wiper blades do not fit a 2004 Audi allroad , despite the fit wizard that says that they should . The package says that they will fit A6 models from the late 90 's through 2001 . One is 21 '' in length , the other is 22 '' long . They use the same U-shaped coupling as the rear wiper blade on the allroad , not the coupling on the allroad 's front blades .
 The blades look exactly like the original but the passenger blade is 1 inch shorter than the original on the car . I
 The end of the hose was split when I recvd it and when I tried to rethread the fitting on it just continued to tear . Not a heavy duty hose at all .
 The end of the hose was split when I recvd it and when I tried to rethread the fitting on it just continued to tear . Not a heavy duty hose at all .
 well i have about given up on getting decent products anymore/this one is from taiwan . right when i took out of packaging stem was very loose with fully extracted.took air pressure with guages that i know are accurate/4 lbs off.i want it to be accurate.so good luck on purchasing anything now !
 I bought the product over a year ago at Camping World -LRB- and a higher price -RRB- without researching it 's customer ratings . I 've only used it to flush my black water tank around 8 times . I have taken care to turn the pressure up slowly -LRB- as noted on reviews elsewhere -RRB- but I noticed the last two times things were n't right . I removed the unit from the tank yesterday and found it was no longer spinning . Because of the fact it works well , when it works , and I 've got a big hole in my black water tank I 'll be getting a replacement , but there must be another out there that does n't fail so quickly.BTW , others have complained that even brand new ones do n't spin -LRB- it 's like a spinning sprinkler head in your tank -RRB- . When it works , it works quite well , so good luck if you decide to buy one .
 The picture clearly shows this cap to have brass inserts -LRB- the ONLY reason I chose to purchase this cap -RRB- . The product delivered has the cheap , poorer performing , aluminum inserts just like most of the others listed . I have not yet decided if I will send it back or keep it - just do n't think you are getting the pictured item !! The shipping was really fast and the checkout was fast and easy too - so no complaints there . Just send me the item pictured -LRB- or give a disclaimer that clearly says you 're not getting the better brass inserts -RRB- !
 I received these replacement mats for Christmas . The carpet is very nice , but the mats are not as pictured and are smaller than the photo without holes to secure them to factory tabs in floorboard . I will be returning these . Cheaper to buy directly from Ford .
 Ordered this product after speaking with PAC technical assistance and receiving assurances that this would work in my 2007 Infiniti M35 . Well it took a $ 50 charge from Best Buy 's installation team to learn that this information is not accurate . It does not work in the 2007 . I will be returning to Amazon .
 This product only works if you have a satellite radio.it will not work with out it.I bought this for my 2005 Nissan pathfinder.I called tech support for help and they have told me it will not work without satellite radio .
 unacceptable for something of this price to last me a year and a half and just quit , and now stuck with proprietary crummy head unit with no acceptable way to AUX in for my nissan . when it worked it was ok but had engine whine . had tried many fm transmitters which were all terrible . so what , trading the car in anyway , and that will solve my aux in problem . maybe if this thing had been thirty bucks or so like a wired fm transmitter it would be ok , but not for one hundred .
 This shield not only arrived broken , but the black plastic frame is too small to fit over the shield . Do n't waist your money on this product .
 This is actually made of plastic ... NOT die cast metal . Just a cheap regular plastic frame and shield that can be picked up at any auto parts store .
 Just like the other reviews i received the tag plate covers and one of the two i received was cracked and broken . I should have listen to the reviews but wanted to try it out anyway for the price . Only good thing is received the item on time . I would n't recommand this item to anyone its very cheaply made .
 The bubble feature makes this product quite vulnerable to damage . I also purchased the flat version and it has held up well . This one lasted 3 days before it broke into pieces . If you live in a place where there is lots of street parking -LRB- NY -RRB- , then this is probably not recommended for an exposed license plate .
 Lame . The back cracked as soon as I screwed it on and a couple of days later the front one had split right down the middle . Spend more on a better product do n't waste your time with these .
 I bought this thinking it 's one of a kind ... WRONG !! If you want to buy one of these , go to your local auto parts store , like Auto Zone , they are much cheaper than this one on Amazon , and you do n't have to pay for shipping !! They also have the black screws , and covers for the screws to go with this smoke license plate cover .
 Picture looks like it covers the whole front floor area . This mat only covers the hump area . For what I paid for this you would think it would be like the old mats that went from the drivers to passenger floorboards . Way too much money for this .
 did not fit the valve covers , they are too big . was advertised to fit . I cut to size and used RTV sealant , the package said once opened you can not return . so I had to make do .
 I paid a premium price for these floor mats , and I am not at all impressed .1 . No hole for the factory anti-skid hook2 . No &#34; spikes &#34; on the bottom to keep them in place3 . Color is totally off4 . fit is just barely close -LRB- ordered custom fit floor mats -RRB- I paid over $ 100 for these floor mats and expected much better . I am totally unimpressed by these extremely expensive floor mats . Take a look at the list above and you can see why . I really feel ripped off . My worn out mats stayed in place when you entered/exited the vehicle , even when you vacuumed . Not these , they do n't even sit flat , let alone fit the floor pans.These are thick floor mats , they appear well made . That 's it . Should you want to put them at your front door I 'm sure you will get compliments . Not in my Eddie Bauer Explorer . Not even close . Live and learn .
 Just purchased and mounted two of these and ca n't open or close my vents without them catching on the screen frame of the Camco . The Maxxair I mounted first fits fine but is one inch longer . Why Camco would cheap out on one inch of material is hard to understand . I have tried to adjust them but no luck . Not happy with the product at all .
 Only after reading the instructions did I discover that this is the wrong model . The picture and the description for both models is exactly the same . The correct model DID NOT appear on the list when I found this model on the website . I can not exchange this for the correct item and must pay an additional fee for a refund . Because this is not my fault , I will take my business elsewhere .
 Had an earlier set of these that held up and performed well however , the new versions are junk . I have gone through 2 sets and need another due to the knobs stripping with the needed torque to hold my awning . The latest style simply has a shallow retainer cup for the bolt head and is grossly under designed . I emailed Camco and received no reply so their not a customer oriented company apparently . I 'll return this last set and with the new ones retro-fit a knob with captive bolt to eliminate the design flaw . Big hassle and lack of customer service is very dissappointing .
 These deflappers are okay if you have mild breezes , but then you do n't really need deflappers for that . I 'm a fulltime RVer and live in the desert . My awning is out all the time with a screen room attached . These deflappers will not hold up to the winds we get here . The strap rips in two . I have gone through two sets of these with the same results . The company makes a smaller version of deflappers that hold up much better but you have to use twice as many . Since the smaller version is half the price of the larger ones the net cost is the same .
 We put these on in a no wind situation just to see how they worked , both broke instantly . Made of cheap plastic . I would not recommend this product .
 2 of the 4 U bolts cross threaded , and had to cut them off with a grinder . I had to go to the part store and buy more bolts . I tried to get the threads on the bolts to work , but no success . A one hour job turned into a three hour job . Before the project , I wanted to give them a five star rating , because how could you mess up 4 bolts and a block ? Now I 'm worried the cheap chinese steel is going to fatigue and break , resulting in an accident .
 I bought this to lower the rear of my 2004 Dodge Dakota Quad Cab V8 2 inches to level it with the front . The U bolts are n't big enough for my axle .
 This product was delivered broken . I would put 25 % of the blame on FedEx Ground , but the product had absolutely no shipping protection of any kind inside . The shade did look quite bulky compared to the one I put on my 2003 Silverado , and it appears to be a little outdated , but I was ordering it for a 2002 dodge ram . Not bad , but I 'm sure there 's better options
 I bought this wax to try out on my new Audi A3 . The first application went on last night , on new paint that did n't need clay or polishing -LRB- literally delivered 3 days ago -RRB- . This was an after-work washing , so it was getting late . Here in the mountains of Colorado when the sun goes down it gets cold . In the past I 've had problems applying carnuba wax when the temperature gets below 50F . It just gels or clumps up and leaves a lot of streaks that are difficult to buff off . Meguiar 's NXT , being a synthetic , remains liquid , even down below 40F and will come right off when buffed out . I 'll also say it looks great , adding depth to the paint . I 'll post a follow-up after I see how long it lasts after a few gully-washers and dust storms , but the real test will be next winter . * EDIT * So after 3 months of using NXT2 .0 I 'm back on carnauba wax . The problem is that the stuff wo n't buff off no matter how long you wait for it to dry , leaving streaks and other marks that need to be removed with quick detailer . At first I thought it was me , but this weekend I thought I 'd go ahead and use up some old carnauba wax I had on the shelf . What a difference ! It went on quickly , came off easily and looks much better . Meguiar plays up how the NXT wax can be applied in direct sunlight . I 'm thinking that it SHOULD be applied in direct sunlight , just because otherwise it will never dry properly .
 I own a black '02 Jetta TDI and am anal about maintenance , including the exterior . I 'm always looking for the one wax product that best suits a black car , and have found some that work well . The NXT Gen Tech Wax is n't one of them . One requirement for me is a wax that does n't leave a white residue to clean up and detail out . The NXT box clearly states that it leaves no white residue , but I 'll attest to the fact that it certainly does . In that respect , it 's no better than any other wax that leaves a residue . But the worst is the film it left on my car 's finish . I waxed my car with NXT , then went on a 150 mi trip to visit relatives . I went in and spent some time with them , then we decided to go eat and take my car . The sun was shining , and as soon as I walked outside and looked at my car , I could immediately see a haze on the hood , top , and trunk lid . I did plenty of polishing after waxing , so it should n't have done that . I borrowed a towel and wiped it off , but it returned . When I got back home , I used alchol to remove the NXT , returned the NXT to the store , got some Eagle One Nanowax , rewaxed , and it 's gorgeous ... with no haze or swirl marks and absolutely no white residue . Good riddance to NXT .
 After using Meguiar 's products for 20 years , I was extremely disappointed with this product . I used it on 2 autos with dark paint and found that when I applied it , it was very difficult to rub out the smears . I had to keep rubbing because they kept returning . This is on a 2008 Scion Xb and also a 1995 GMC pickup . I can not recommend this product at all unless you use it with an buffer and nice finishing pad . I took another person 's advice and used Eagle One 's Nanowax and found that it replaced using 2 Meguiar 's products to get the same desired results . I 'm going to replace my large collection of Meguiars products with the Nano line from Eagle One because I 'm that impressed and it was SO EASY to use . Gone were the scratches and swirl marks with only one easy application !
 This product is easy to apply and easy to wipe off . But , on black cars especially , it does not give a nice deep glossy or `` wet look '' shine . It leaves more of a streaky oily finish.I switched over to yellow carnuba wax and the difference was night and day . I have a full bottle that I no longer use and it 's just sitting in the garage collecting dust.If you have a black car , and stick with carunba wax instead of synthetics . Meguiar 's to make great products , but this one fails to impress.I get a better shine off of Meguiar 's cleaner wax than this NXT stuff.But a friend introduced me to Mothers pure carnuba wax and I have since made a switch in brand . I mean the shine you get with this stuff is just insane .
 This wax is very easy to apply and remove and makes the paint really shiny at first BUT ... after about 5 days my car is no longer slick and at 10 days the water does not bead off anymore . I have used both the liquid and the paste versions with the same results . Not impressed .
 I 've owned this wax for some time . It does n't last more than a month - if that . It 's a pain to put on and take off . It goes on ok , but taking it off is another story , leaves a almost a oily residue until you wash your car , or use numerous towels/microfiber to take it off . How much do you really want to rub your paint to get the residue off -LRB- I have black paint -RRB- ? I have n't really seen any good protection from the elements or from birds/bugs . One postitive is that it does smell good when applying it but I 'm sure Meguiars added the fragrance for some marketing perspective . All in all , for the price compared to durability - this stuff is a waste and not sure why Meguiars even put it on the market .
 Do not buy this wax . I have used Blackfire , Zaino -LRB- for over 8 years -RRB- and many other top of the line waxes and polishes . NXT is by far the worst I have ever dealt with . It was impossible to put on AND take off . It became really gritty when trying to take it off . This caused the clear coat to have fine scratches . I am pretty sure that a wax should never scratch the clear coat of a car.All standard wax procedures were followed
 Flashy new packaging , a fancy new name , and exuberant claims of futuristic technological advancement can falsely lead many no believe that this is the best wax they have ever used . IT IS NOT . This wax is not half bad , but it is definitely nothing new and not any sort of innovation . Works equally as well as other cheaper brands and WILL NOT remove swirl marks on dark cars just like other cheaper brands.Trust me , your car WILL be ` naked ' if you believe everything they claim .
 this product is good but not outstanding as Barry Meguiar says not last as long as he says I 've used both summer and winter and in 6 weeks lost many of its properties . in the real world , not in the world of Barry Meguiar you have to wax the car every month if you want to protect your car . is not true that regardless of price waxes last for many months.since you apply the wax starts to degrade the environment , sun . uv , rain , dust . when you wash you remove the wax inevitably part because dust and pollution and the polluters and stick to the wax and when you remove these contaminants also remove the wax .
 As I ran out of my usual waxes/polishes recently , I decided to use what I had left over from a friend . It was the `` NXT generation syn wax . '' I will admit I am not a fan of the `` big 2 . '' Meguiar 's nor Mothers as I personally have found they are the Mobil 1 of waxes . Very expensive and enticing advertising and standard ingredients . But I left myself with an open mind and gave it a shot . Mind you some of the car I used it on was already waxed with my prefered but now empty wax . Application and removal is standard and simple . Although the odor can be obnoxious to those who are sensitive to the cheap perfume/air freshener smell -LRB- FYI
 I bought this because I care about keeping my car in great shape . And especially after moving and shipping it to Hawaii , I wanted the best product to use even if it meant spending a little more money . I payed $ 18 at Walmart . I used this product after washing my car . I noticed that within a week , -LRB- it rains here a little each night -RRB- that water was n't even beading anymore . I used the product one more time , and same thing , results seemed to wear off within days . You should n't have to wax your whole car twice within 2 weeks.I have sinced bought Zymol cleaner/wax and am attempting to buff/wax water marks off of my car since the first two waxings with Meguiar 's did absolutely nothing.Overpriced crappy wax . I am disappointed because usually Meguiar 's makes some very good products .
 Perfect for a pop up camper . My dual axle trailer would need two of these to work , but dual axle units do no have room to place it in between the tire , it is too long to add a second one between the tires . Using only one will not lift cantilever axles up very much . One axle will raise and leave the other on the ground reducing effectiveness . Using 2x4 or 2x6 stacked wood works best under both tires .
 I do not know what they were thinking when they designed this . The step treads are way to short to hold a tire . A 15 inch tire will not stay on the tread . I have to use 2 wheel chocks one under the other to keep the tire from rolling off the tread . Also each step is to high . I found my trailer was either to high or to low .
 My 2002 Pathfinder had one to begin with . It got craked after 5 + years , and I found this cheaper replacement . The original one was held in place with screws . This one is held in place with tape . Seriously . . double stick tape . It gets &#34; pinched &#34; down when you close the hood , but nonetheless , I do n't have very high expectations for it lasting very long . The plastic is considerably thinner than the original.When this one breaks ... and I am sure it will break ... I will be going back to the OEM version.It was cheaper the ones from Nissan ... but you get what you pay for .
 The product was received defective - one of the u-bolts was not threaded correctly . we chose to repair it instead of return and wait for replacement . we found the overall quality was very poor . the blocks wore out in less than one month . next time I will spend the money for a quality product .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 Bought this cabin filter for my mustang . It is just a single piece of fabric that provides almost no filtration . It is flimsy and does not seal well . There is also no activated charcoal or baking soda . Try a fram filter or other brand which cost less and is better quality . Companies like Purolotor that charge twice as much for low quality products should not be trusted . I put the old dirty fram filter back into my car until I could get a new one .
 I bought this remote hoping it would mean I could use it to open my car doors from at least some distance away . As it turns out , it does n't unlock the doors till I 'm pushing the button while only about 3 feet from the car . What good is that ? I may as well just put the key in the lock ! I tried putting a new battery it in , but it did n't help . My recommendation ? Do n't waste your money on this .
 This key FOB did not last very long . About 2 years . The original OEM part lasted about 7 . The paint rubbed off the buttons in the first year and one button stopped working the next year .
 SKIRT IS POORLY DESIGN . WELCRO STRIP THAT IS GLUED TO UHDER SIDE IS NOT HOLDING AT ALL . I 'VE CLEANED VERY GOOD BEFORE INSTALATION WITH ALCOHOL AND IT 'S STILL FALLING OFF . THERE IS NO AJUSTMENT FOR HEIDHT - ON SITE WITH SLOPE IT IS EITHER TOO LOW OR TOO HIGH . PLASTIC STAKES ARE USELESS ON ASFALT AND SANDY SURFACE AND WIND WILL BLOW IT AWAY .
 Not so happy it is made in China . For a small part like this you might think we can make it here in the USA .
 Check out the VTX Owners Association before you buy . Many riders have purchased these and gone down due to the defective design , including me .
 Please people , dont wast your hard earned money the way I did . . Save up and purchase the best you can afford ! I purchased this item with the advice I read in a large automotive magizine , Come on , seriously , what a cheap piece of garbage . And they do not even include all the required parts to fully install . All that must be purchased seperatly from the Equus company , that 's if you can ever get anyone on the phone , or to even reply to an e mail . Very poor quality product , and very poor customer service ... . will never use their products again !
 I purchased a full set of these gauges -LRB- speedo , tach , oil pressure , water temp , volt meter , fuel level -RRB- and am kind of wishing I went with autometer . This is just for my old hunting truck , so i figured cheap would get me by , but after installation , two bulbs were burnt out , they work after replacement , the tach -LRB- wired directly to the negative side of my coil -RRB- is jumpy past 1,500 rpms , the speedometer worked for about half a mile and quit , and the locking rings for installation do n't tighten enough , so some of the gauges just rotate when I hit a bump too hard . just plain disappointing . I 'll see how long these stay in my truck , but I think I may be looking for a new set of gauges again very soon .
 I already emailed back letting amazon know the clip was broken and did not work . I never received any response . Very poor service
 I figured the sensor , being a bit over $ 3 Billion , and being discounted about 17 % would be a great deal . Installed it in my car , hooked it up to a live-time scanner , and I did n't get any better gas mileage . I was hoping for a good 100 % .
 I think $ 209.99 was a tad high to ship this item . $ 3.99 seems a bit more appropriate .
 I would not recommend this product . It is too thin to shield anything . The straps sent were too short . I ruined it trying to get it on and it ended up in the recycle . I still have the straps though . Probably never use them and they will end up in the recycle as well . I ended up changing the flowmaster knockoff with a Smithy muffler and no more hot floors
 It 's not bad , but not great either . Does n't fit quite right and difficult to install . Could barely close the hood .
 I purchased the Meguiar 's 6.5 '' Soft Buff FoamCutting Pad , Polishing Pad , andFinishing Padto pair with myPorter-Cable 7424XP DA PolisherandPorter-Cable 18001 6 '' Hook and Loop Backplate . I 've always been a fan of Meguiar 's products and I can see how they are popular here on Amazon because they are readily available and have a big consumer name behind them , so I was quite excited to get these pads home and try them . Having used them on several complete vehicle and having tried other brands for an extended time , I feel comfortable putting a review out there for the Meguiar 's Soft Buff Foam Pads.These pads fit perfectly onto any 6 '' hook and loop backplate on a DA polisher . They fit snug and I never worried about them falling off in the middle of use . In terms of performance , I would say the cutting , polishing , and finishing pads underperformed in terms of their respected functions . Because they are flat pads , they do not hold and apply product as well as a pad with a textured surface . The flat pad also makes it easier to stop the pad from rotating on the surface when applying more pressure to your DA polisher . This is reason enough for me to not want to continue using these pads , but there is an even bigger reason I can not recommend these pads.The hook and loop patch on the rear of the pad does not fully cover the back of the foam pad . When you attach these pads to a backplate , the backplate edge comes in contact with the foam on the edge of the pad . When you apply any pressure with your DA polisher on , the backplate will begin to cut into the foam pad slowly . After 6 vehicles , the edges of all the Meguiar 's pads have fully separated and shredded . This problem could have easily been addressed had the hook and loop patch covered the entire back of the pad.Because of the performance , design , and quality issues , I find the Meguiar 's pads highly disappointing and completely unusable . If you are looking for very good quality pads , look at Lake Country CCS pads . These pads have a hook and loop surface that covers the entire back and the pad surface has pockets to hold and apply more product . Lake Country makes several types of pads , but you 'll be well off getting theirCCS Yellow Cutting Pad , CCS White Polishing Pad , andCCS Gray Finishing Padover the Meguiar 's offerings .
 After buying the Meguiars DA Polisher and the `` frequently bought together deal '' including the 6.5 '' finishing pad and the 6.5 '' polishing pad I found out directly from Meguiars that they have updated the pads to 7 '' which include a recess to make centering the polisher 's backing pad easier AND have improved the Velcro backing pad adhesive so that the new 7 '' pads are actually machine washable . The Velcro pad is attached far more securely . The older 6.5 '' pads often lose their Velcro backing due to washing/cleaning . There is no doubt in my mind that the pad material is of high quality on either the new 7.0 '' or this older 6.5 '' pad , it 's just that Meguiar 's has improved and updated their pads now . The recess on the back of the pad definitely aids the user in centering the pad , that one feature alone makes buying the 7.0 '' pad a no-brainer . Combine that with the improved backing pad adhesive and now we have a slam dunk.Here are the links for the newest and improved pads : SOFTBUFF 2.0 FOAM POLISHING PAD 7 inchMeguiar 's W 9207 7 '' Soft Buff 2.0 Foam Finishing Pad
 I just received the soft buff foam polishing pad . I am completely disappointed in the quality of this product . I did n't even finish polishing the hood of my truck before the hook and loop fabric came unglued from the foam pad . This happened on both the pads I received . I expected a better quality product from Meguiars.I 've been using Meguiars products for many years and have never had an issue until now . If all the pads are like this then what good is the buffer ?
 The pad worked great at first . I used the pad with the Meguiar 's DA and Meguiar 's Ultimate Polish . This is on a 2011 truck so the paint was not in bad shape . I used this to remove some water spots . It did work well for the water spots but this pad did n't even get through half of the truck 's surface . The velcro backing came off the pad and was rendered useless .
 Bought this along with a G110v2 DA Polisher . Maybe I got the bad one of a lot , but if I moved the buffer near any edges , or even on the curve of a door , it would not stay on the backing plate . I came close to pitching the whole thing in the trash and doing it by hand , but then that would not be the Polisher 's fault . The bad seemed to have almost no velcro to hold to the backing plate . I will be trying a different brand name on my next pad.Added on 7/21/2011I contacted Meguiars about the problem with the velcro and they replaced all 3 of the 6.5 inch pads I had bought . They sent me 7 inch pads in the place of the 6.5 . They also replaced my backing plate . The one they sent me is a bit smaller , but has better velcro than the original one . The 7 inch pads seem to have a better velcro on them . The back of the 7 inch pad is dished inward . That way the backing plate could only go so far to the edge of the dishing even if it did slip . I have n't used it on a car get , but it is definetely a stronger hold on the velcro than what I started with . Fantastic Customer Service . It 's always nice to have a company that stands behind their products .
 This ` windshield ' is nothing more than foggy plastic . The seller also does not mention that this only fits Polaris Rangers 2008 or older -LRB- this is marked clearly on the box -RRB- so it did not fit my 2011 Polaris Ranger . Will be returning promptly .
 i purchased this windshield for my polaris 800 side by side and it was delivered fast and goes on easy and quick the only problem with it is it doesnt offer a very clear line of site if trail riding the windshield warps and blurs because you cant get it taunt enough if not for this i would give this product 5 stars but for serious riding this is very dangerous especially if your riding with other people .
 This is very sad and wrong.It makes fun of the death of over 1,200,000 Tibetans at the hand of an invasion , and the terrible suffering of many more.It is just as bad if not worse than a bumper sticker that mocks the death of those in the World Trade Center attacks on September 11th , or about Jews in the gas chambers in WWII .
 The pad worked great at first . I used the pad with the Meguiar 's DA and Meguiar 's Ultimate Synthetic Wax . This is on a 2011 truck so the paint was not in bad shape . I used this to apply wax after polishin . The velcro backing came off the pad and was rendered useless .
 I have a Porter Cable 7424 polisher which I purchase several years ago . I always used it with some pads and bonnets from Griots Garage , but I decided to give the Meguiar pads a try this time.I use my polisher with a Porter Cable `` 18001 hook and loop standard pad '' and I never have had a problem with the Griots products . I attached the Meguiar pad -LRB- which is really just a round piece of foam with some cheesy felt or something glued on the top -RRB- and after a couple of hours of use , the Porter Cable pad had basically cut through the cheap foam , ruining it.Disappointed , I contacted Meguiars customer service . They agreed that the Porter Cable hook and loop pad was was safe to use with the Meguiar foam pads , but was basically told the problem I had was because of
 After buying the Meguiars DA Polisher and the `` frequently bought together deal '' including the 6.5 '' finishing pad and the 6.5 '' polishing pad I found out directly from Meguiars that they have updated the pads to 7 '' which include a recess to make centering the polisher 's backing pad easier AND have improved the Velcro backing pad adhesive so that the new 7 '' pads are actually machine washable . The Velcro pad is attached far more securely . The older 6.5 '' pads often lose their Velcro backing due to washing/cleaning . There is no doubt in my mind that the pad material is of high quality on either the new 7.0 '' or this older 6.5 '' pad , it 's just that Meguiar 's has improved and updated their pads now . The recess on the back of the pad definitely aids the user in centering the pad , that one feature alone makes buying the 7.0 '' pad a no-brainer . Combine that with the improved backing pad adhesive and now we have a slam dunk.Here are the links for the newest and improved pads : SOFTBUFF 2.0 FOAM POLISHING PAD 7 inchMeguiar 's W 9207 7 '' Soft Buff 2.0 Foam Finishing Pad
 I purchased the Meguiar 's 6.5 '' Soft Buff FoamCutting Pad , Polishing Pad , andFinishing Padto pair with myPorter-Cable 7424XP DA PolisherandPorter-Cable 18001 6 '' Hook and Loop Backplate . I 've always been a fan of Meguiar 's products and I can see how they are popular here on Amazon because they are readily available and have a big consumer name behind them , so I was quite excited to get these pads home and try them . Having used them on several complete vehicle and having tried other brands for an extended time , I feel comfortable putting a review out there for the Meguiar 's Soft Buff Foam Pads.These pads fit perfectly onto any 6 '' hook and loop backplate on a DA polisher . They fit snug and I never worried about them falling off in the middle of use . In terms of performance , I would say the cutting , polishing , and finishing pads underperformed in terms of their respected functions . Because they are flat pads , they do not hold and apply product as well as a pad with a textured surface . The flat pad also makes it easier to stop the pad from rotating on the surface when applying more pressure to your DA polisher . This is reason enough for me to not want to continue using these pads , but there is an even bigger reason I can not recommend these pads.The hook and loop patch on the rear of the pad does not fully cover the back of the foam pad . When you attach these pads to a backplate , the backplate edge comes in contact with the foam on the edge of the pad . When you apply any pressure with your DA polisher on , the backplate will begin to cut into the foam pad slowly . After 6 vehicles , the edges of all the Meguiar 's pads have fully separated and shredded . This problem could have easily been addressed had the hook and loop patch covered the entire back of the pad.Because of the performance , design , and quality issues , I find the Meguiar 's pads highly disappointing and completely unusable . If you are looking for very good quality pads , look at Lake Country CCS pads . These pads have a hook and loop surface that covers the entire back and the pad surface has pockets to hold and apply more product . Lake Country makes several types of pads , but you 'll be well off getting theirCCS Yellow Cutting Pad , CCS White Polishing Pad , andCCS Gray Finishing Padover the Meguiar 's offerings .
 Yuck yuck , get it ? You buy a 44 ounce drink and get the country of Tibet for free . Yuck yuck.Here 's the scoop on Tibet
 please do n't think that the total in your cart will get you free shipping . The shipping is 3x as much as the decal and it lost its static cling after one week on a cold window . Save your money and do n't get it here .
 Was n't usable for us as the decal sticks -LRB- or more appropriately DOES N'T stick -RRB- to the wrong side of the window to display our enthusiasm for our beloved Giants . Bummer .
 Did n't get the one I thought I was getting I ordered the NY symbol but got the helmet with the NY symbol . .
 The decal would have been fine except that it was the WRONG ONE . NOT the one I ordered -LRB- or at least the one that was pictured on my order -RRB- .
 I bought this hitch for my 1999 Jeep Cherokee at a local Discount Store . The box claimed it would fit the 84-01 Cherokee and XJ . During the install I noticed that the brackets did not fit flat against the frame rails , A lip on the frame was in the way . I continued on anyway checking the instructions a dozen times to make sure that the poor fit was n't caused by something I was doing wrong . Next I installed the receiver in place on the poor fitting brackets . I decided not to finish the install when I noticed that the receiver would only ride about 10 '' off the ground . I double checked the instructions and verified everything was done correctly before I finally unbolted the whole thing and took it back . I ordered a custom hitch instead . The quality of the hitch appeared to be good and it may fit other vehicles well but avoid it if you have a Cherokee .
 I struggled for a week with this so call 45 minute installation on my 2004 Nissan Frontier.It . Simply . Will . Not . Fit.Phone support is a joke . Now I 'm stuck without a hitch on the day before my vacation starts .
 I checked twice to make sure this was the right part . It is not . This fits the 02 dodge 1500 not the 2500 . I even rechecked after I recieved this item . It shows it as the right number but its not . The quality looks ok but I didnt open it so I ca n't say for sure .
 I am on my second Classic Tour Bag the first being replaced under warranty just before the warranty ran out . The rear U-shaped zipper -LRB- rear -RRB- came apart on the right side rendering the bag pretty useless unless you like your stuff falling out the back onto the road . Kuraykyn put me through the wringer too as if I was too hard on the zipper - told me to `` zip slowly next time '' . The replacement did the exact same thing after only 6 months . Other than the defective zippers on this model , I love the product design and all the features . Only wish it was durable . If you ride once a year , you 'll probably never experience what I have . If you ride everyday like me , this bag wo n't hold up for your needs .
 The mat itself fit great . It looked better than expected . The only draw back is that it did not come with velcro attachments in order to secure it .
 I actually ordered this for a Chevy Silverado and twice they sent it for a Cavalier . I ended up having to pay to have it returned the second time because I had to say it was my fault . grrr I am sure if it was for the right rig it would have b een great .
 The Bully AS-400 Universal Triple Chrome Plated Step was not exactly as advertized . It 's called a UNIVERSAL fitting step ... Well folks , Universal does n't mean FITS ALL ! I have a Chevy Astro Van -LRB- that 's a MINI van -RRB- . I chatted with a rep to be SURE the step would fit . Without hesitation I was told it would . So I bought it ... I mean how can you lose for $ 11.00 ? I 'll tell you how
 Could n't get it to program via the instructions shipped with the order . Finally took it -LRB- the remote -RRB- to a Nissan dealership and had a guy their gave it a shot and he could n't get it to work . He finally admitted that the products sold on the internet did n't fair too well and most likely the -LRB- remote -RRB- was n't compatible . Paid $ 130.00 for their remote , which fortunately for me they had one left , and just like that , their remote was working perfectly . Again , the remote I purchased on the Internet was for an 2005 Nissan Sentra . So , if you have a similar vehicle . Do n't waste your time and money as this product will NOT work .
 Not only are the screws not part of the cap like the OEM part , but the plastic is very cheap . Mine broke when tightening the screws . I will return this cap and get an OEM replacement . I should have known not to buy a German part for a Japanese car .
 Do n't buy this if you are looking for a replacement on a 1998 Civic HX , even if amazon says it will fit . Otherwise it looks like a quality product .
 I did n't know this was what was already on my car when I bought another to replace it . When removing the existing one I found moisture had made its way into the components inside , under the cap . I would take an educated guess that it was due to an inferior o-ring or bad vent cap . There was some oxidation on various parts and even some rust , which I 've never seen in any other vehicles I 've owned over the past 20 yrs . The matching rotor was a PITA to remove , which I will explain in the rotor review . I wo n't buy this or the rotor again .
 this step has a nifty look but the hinge pins broke the 2nd time it was used ... resulting in a fall
 This gas cap is for a screw-on space only . most models 1995 and up wont work with this cap . Even if it does work , i could open the cap with any of my house keys making it a not so locking cap .
 This is OK oil , but I 'm rating it one star because it does n't live up to Mobil 's promises and marketing . I am one of the greatest street racers in California and I take my car to the track a lot . Last year I was running `` regular '' Mobil 1 that I just changed about 500 miles ago and I ran a 10.7 at the track . Then last week under pretty much the same conditions but with Mobil 1 EP that I changed 7000 miles ago I ran a 10.9 . So basically performance does not stay consistent after 7000 miles with this oil . There is a definite loss in power.Overall I think this is good oil and may last longer than regular Mobil 1 , but it does need to be changed more frequently than 7000 miles . I would n't dream of running to 15,000 like Mobil says , I would be running 11s if I did . So basically Mobil 's marketing department has ruined what otherwise could have been a good product .
 Amazon needs to change the fitment information for this gasket set . Fel-Pro VS 50493 R valve cover gasket set only fits the valve cover in the VTEC engine -LRB- the engine in the Accord EX -RRB- . It will not fit the valve cover in the non-VTEC engine -LRB- the engine in the Accord DX and LX -RRB- . The correct Fel-Pro valve cover gasket set for the non-VTEC engine is the VS 50395 R. Also , the box containing the Fel-Pro gasket is marked with this message , `` NOT RETURNABLE IF OPENED '' . So if you order this for an Accord DX or LX and then open it and find out that it does n't fit your valve cover , you are stuck with it ; which is what happened to me .
 They expect us to buy their Chinese junk but they do n't want us to work to be able to pay for it . They expect other employers to supply the buyers .
 The plate will mount to it but the holes are a little too narrow to mount to the bumper by about 1/8 inch had to drill it out .
 As noted by a previous reviewer , the package contained only two screws . There are clearly four screws in the Amazon picture and the instructions tells you to use 4 screws . You 'll need 2 additional screws to mount this bracket !!
 This item is useless . If you have a front bumper that is angled , DO NOT buy this item . As I needed to use my vehicle and had been given a fixit ticket , I was forced to use this with tie wraps until I can get the correct one . Yes , the dash is where I had the plate , but the officer said it laid to flat and could not be seen , so ...
 What is in the picture is not what you get ! The part number is for a different item !
 This sensor causes idle to be at 1600 RPM . I should have read Subaru forums before ordering this product - this is common case with Bosch sensors in Subaru .
 I bought this product and after less then 40 days , and with very few operations , it broke.I think that Amazon should have informed that this was for hobby application only .
 unfortunately this product can be very easily bypassed with a set of bolt cutters , just like any other padlock . It can also be smashed off after a blast of freon gas.another case of `` you get what you pay for ... '' which is not much .
 I purchased this product thinking that it was would be nice considering the prices for street glow are much higher . Well I received the unit had it professionally installed and my main control unit was faulty was n't pushing the power out , so the company who installed told me to contact the company to get a replacement and to my suprise there not open on the weekends . . So I just decided to place an order for the main control unit to save me the hassle well now it turns out that I only get 2 colors blue and green and various different shades of these to colors . This product is crap , now im going to have to fight the fight to get my money back for the led crap and the installation fees I 've had to pay . I strongly avoid getting this kit .
 I ordered this kit several months ago -LRB- Sept 2008 -RRB- and just got around to installing it recently -LRB- Dec 2008 -RRB- . I installed this inside my home , behind my home theater system . It looked really great - for about 2 days . After that , my green LEDS no longer functioned . This rendered my 7 color unit a 3 color unit.The company is very unreasonable with their warranty . They expect me to pay shipping both ways to get this fixed . It would be cheaper just to buy a new kit ! I wo n't be purchasing any more junk from LEDGLOW . I will be sticking with a reputable compnay -LRB- Oznium -RRB- . I wrote a review on their website , but apparently they only post positive feedback.I guess you get what you pay for ... be carefull if you purchase this kit .
 Supposed to be wireless but wires from the batery to the lights had to Get another set sent out because it was lost by ups
 When I received these lights they didnt work right . And I have installed them before but the box did n't light up and the front and back bulbs would n't come on .
 I ca n't used becaused this one use 3 wires and the one that I need used 4 wires.Let me know if you can change this one for the that used 4 wires
 Installation would have been great but they shipped one stud and two bolts for the mount . Trying to start the threads of the steel bolt into the cast pot metal housing was near impossible . I ended up having to buy more metric studs in order to install . Other than that the fit was perfect.But now the problem . First of all they will not fold in for storage - they only fold forward but then the $ 300 truck cover no longer fits . So now I have to have a custom truck cover made?Then the biggest problem - when these mirors are in their `` operating '' position they are actually angled rearward almost 45 . That places them well beyond any normal persons range of peripheral vision meaning that you can not see anything without physically turning your head . So forget picking up any action or movement `` out of the corner of your eye '' . All in all I will be looking for a replacement that resolves these problems ans these will be on Craig 's list asap .
 Used this to replace my motorcycle oil filters . I can see this being useful in a car or someplace where you have more room around the filter . Maybe it 's jut the way mine was , but I could n't get a good grip on the thing even though it 's supposed to work at different angles .
 I am a mechanic in a pretty busy shop and these did not last one day . I think by the third car they broke . Would not recommend for shop use . Possibly for home use .
 do n't buy this . I just used it , does n't grip worth a damn . Seriously , do n't waste your money . Get the rubber kind , not this steel tension crap .
 First of all , if you want a pair of these , you need to order two of them . They are sold `` by the each . '' It took a lot of time to find that out , so I 'm telling you now.Secondly , the quality is tremendously spotty . One mirror was fine , the other mirror had black paint flaking off of the plastic cover that conceals the bulb.That 's another thing
 On other reviews it was stated the paint was chipping off . One of my mirrors was recieved the same way . The light bulb used is only visible at night .
 These bags are the cheapest hard case saddlebags on the market and you pretty much get what you pay for . Installation is very easy , but that 's it for this product 's strengths . The locks are low quality and turn in different directions to lock for the right versus left side which makes no sense . The lids are flimsy and awkward to open if you have anything else in your hands . If someone wanted to bust open the lid they could with bare hands with very little effort . While nicely shaped from an aesthetic point of view , it is less practical for storage with some nooks and dead space in the rear portion . The screws for the lid hinges protrude and are not capped . These screws tear into your garments and scratche your stuff . If I had to do over I would have paid the extra premium and gone with hard bags from Corbin or Champion .
 They may be brighter and whiter than the standard bulb , but they do n't last . Lost both within 6 months , with limited driving ! These bulbs are tinted blue , and other reviewers noted they have to run a lot hotter to achieve the output . You pay for it with the short lifespan ... Do n't waste your money .
 This is a clever and cute item . It is well made , but it did n't fit the car 's antenna , which was the usual metal one . I knew it was n't going to fit on my car which is a short , thick , plastic-coated antenna on the roof.This was going to be a gift . Not sure what antenna it was made to fit on .
 The plastic is so thin at the screw locations that it will crack if you put any torque on the screw . Also , if the bracket is pushed or pulled slightly , similar to what happens in a car wash , the bracket will crack at the screw locations and pull off . This bracket could possibly be used for a cheap temporary plate holder . Poorly engineered .
 Light plastic not made for the abuse needed to take from NYC parking conditions . My Cruiser Mounting Plate lasted one week b4 cracking at the thin mounting points . The plastic is too thin and brittle at the points of attachment to take an impact .
 This is a very poor quality mounting plate . Mine lasted just a few months before it started to crack and I ended up having to duct tape it to the bumper . After a year or so it broke away almost completely and I almost lost my front plate . I 'm going to try theHelp 68148 Front License Plate Bracket . It 's literally just a few dollars more and it 's made of metal .
 I bought this bracket at a local parts store after finding that many of the parts stores around town only carried this one . Reluctantly , I bought it as a last resort since I needed it then and not later . I was worried that the plastic would break after some time . Low and behold , about two or three months later I come home to see my license plate hanging by one screw . I could have easily lost my plate on the interstate had I not noticed it before-hand . This would have easily run me a couple hundred dollars to replace . While it looks attractive , especially with a clear/tinted cover , it 's not worth the hundreds of dollars in tag replacement fees . I do not recommend this tag bracket .
 This did n't even last a month before it broke . I nearly lost my license plate , had I not noticed that it was barely hanging on . Do n't waste your money on this , I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I bought this when we moved to Maryland . It lasted less than 30 minutes before it broke . The guys at the dealership put it on for me , but when they ran my car through the carwash it broke in two . Never made it to the road . Save your money.My Acura now has a factory front plate holder , graciously provided by our new dealership .
 This is a typical aftermarket accessory . You must remanufacture it in order to make it fit correctly . First it shows up with no instructions at all . Luckily I have been a technician for 30 + years so it was not that hard to figure out . I used the picture on the box to get an idea of how the net should look when completed . The big issue I have is that there is NO positive lock on the net tubing on one end . The rods are held in place on one end with a set of supplied pins , no problem . The other side has absolutly no positive lock , no pins , nothing . There is sort of a friction fit between the inner and outer rod but that is way risky . Vibration could cause the inner rod to retract , come out of the mounting hole and the whole net could wind up in the street . Luckily I had some locking pins of the correct diameter in my shop so I was able to make it all work but I will have to go back and do some drilling and filing to make it a sano set up . Anyway , like I said , this is a typical aftermarket part !
 I bought a pair . They lasted a total of 4 months.Checked the electrical system , everything . Mechanic said they were just crappy bulbs .
 This thing is terrible , it arrived damaged due to its poor build quality . You can see the shadow of the spring that moves the needle behind the face which blackens 1/3 of the face when the bulb is on . The fastener that holds the bulb in was broken before I opened the box . The gauge was miscalibrated to start with and I have no faith in it being an accurate tool . Otherwise its appearance is nice but the plastic housing feels cheap . The only quality piece on this is the is the aluminum face on the front which is purely aesthetic .
 Bought two Gabriel Ultra passenger shocks because I thought it was a good value . Upon installation a noise eminated from them when going over uneven pavement . This was confirmed by two different mechanics . Replaced with OEM units and noise disappeared . Wanted to save a buck , but ended up costing more .
 Item advertised as expensive high quality item on sale . Did n't hold pressure . After return I found similar item at local Walmart for one third the sale price ! Amazon did a good job with the return , but not a good job reviewing what they were selling . -LRB- especially the claims of value -RRB-
 Be careful with this stuff it caused the rubber caliper slide bushings to swell on my car . This product says compatible with rubber according to Permatex website but I think they are wrong . The MSDS says proprietary blend , well something in that blend is incompatible with rubber causing it to swell . I like this stuff just do n't let it touch your rubber slide bushings .
 Permatex makes claims it works on brake caliper pins , but it is up to you to confirm this grease is compatible with the rubber seals - Buyer Beware!If you have rubber seals on your disc caliper pins that are made from Buna-S -LRB- Buna-S is compatible with glycol brake fluid -LRB- DOT 3 -RRB- , this synthetic hydrocarbon grease may cause very damaging swelling , possibly destroying the seal and ultimately your brakes.The MSDS claims the composition is a `` Trade Secret '' , and their Technical Data Sheet states it is a non-silicone , non-petroleum material , but if it is a polyalphaolefin -LRB- PAO -RRB- lubricant it is NOT recommended for Buna-S seals - and you ca n't make an informed decision by their literature what this stuff is.EDPM seals are OK , but you ca n't tell by looking at the seals , you have to be TOLD by the manufacturer of your auto this grease is compatible with your seals.My '86 Subaru Service Manual explicity requires ONLY SILICON LUBE for the caliper pins -LRB- so does '90 vintage Hondas -RRB- . Silicon is safe to use with all Buna-S , SBR , and EDPM seals - it does n't make sense to use anything else unless you are SURE the grease is compatible with the caliper pin seals.The grease is fine for disc pad and drum brake metal-to-metal brake contact points , but it is * irresponsible * to recommend it for caliper pins when the seals may be compromised . This would be grounds for a lawsuit on a safety device such as auto brakes if there is no disclaimer . I 'm wiping off this stuff and putting only Permatex 24115 Ultra Disk Brake Caliper Lube Silicone Formula on the pins .
 I completely agree with other posts suggesting this grease eats up rubber boots that cover caliper pins.I used this product over years and I had to buy replacement boots until I stopped using it . Boots get soft and spongy until they completely come off the caliper pin seats due to rubber degradation . Not sure where you would use this product if not on pins ???
 I am in the process of rebuilding my rear calipers on my Toyota . I cleaned and applied permatex Ultra Disc Caliper lube on my bushings . It is very thick and made the caliper difficult to slide but I was able to move them by hand . Overnight , this stuff set up like glue . I believe that it swelled . I am no longer able to move the bushing , at all . I have always chosen Permatex products but not this one .
 I thought the CURT products were made in the USA so I ordered this ball instead of the Reese but its made in China . What a shame !
 The title is deceiving . I ordered this specifically for the advertised `` lumbar support '' in the item name and description . Unfortunately , this was a complete misrepresentation of the product , as it offers no more support than a standard automobile seat . Also , the cushions shift on the seat , so I need to readjust every time I get in the vehicle . What a waste of money .
 I had/have these in my Chrysler Town & Country and they really out perform the stock lamps . So far one of the lamps failed after only 6 months . The other one is still working , but I have a spare lamp in the glove box as a backup . Oh yes , the replacements and the spare are Wagner Long Life . We 'll see how these fair .
 I have bought these lamps about two years ago for my 98 Honda Accord . In the beginning I have been very pleased with the clearity and the amazing brightness of them , but it all changed after about 5 months , when the first one failed . I returned it to Autozone and requested a free replacement , which they kind of unwillingly handed to me . After about another 2 months , the second original one failed on me also . I returned this one also for a difficult free replacement . So , then after about one year , both of the replacement lamps had blown out also and I went back to a set of `` el cheapo '' GE lamps at Walmart . These lamps I have had for over a year now and they seem to be fine.I would suggest you stay away from these unless you are willing to pay the price to replace them every 6 months.PS .
 They produced a nice bright white light . But the first one failed on me last week after 7 months.I average 500 miles a week andmost of that is lights on but the original bulbs lasted over 3 years . So 2x 's price of standard bulb and 1/4 the life = 8x 's the cost . Not even close to worth it . If I knew ahead of time I would have skipped them .
 I purchased these bulbs and replaced them as pair when one of my OEM bulbs needed replacement . Within a month of replacement , my first Silverstar went off and in a week or two the second one followed suit . For the money that i paid , this bulb is a piece of work . I will never go with these bulbs again .
 These were only marginally brighter than my 8 year old OEMs , which went back in after both bulbs blew out within weeks of each other at just about 4 months old . They were installed properly . I wo n't buy them again .
 For some reason I thought this product was a made with natural based ingredients , which it is not . There is alot of chemicals in the ingredients and it is not biodegradeable . If you are not concerned about this I 'm sure it 's a fine product . The way it was packaged also made the lid pop open during shipping and the wipes were dryed out . I called the company and they sent me a new one no problem , great customer service .
 Purchase this a couple weeks ago . Was somewhat disappointed because it is not nearly as accurate as I was hoping . I measured out a new 50/50 Prestone coolant mixture and this tester said It was more like 60 -LRB- coolant -RRB- / 40water . If this can not accurately read brand new coolant from the same brand I can not recommend it .
 After getting results with this tester that just did n't make sense , I did my own calibration check on the unit . I found the tester to be in error by around 30 % . When the tester indicated a 50/50 coolant/water ratio , the actual ratio is closer to 80/20 . Before you rely on one of these testers , I would recommend that you mix your own 50/50 solution and see what your gauge reads .
 i never got the product . i got some kind of plastic valve , which i sent back . that valve must have cost 10 times the cost of the blue , which i had to buy which at auto zone .
 The alternator was shiny and new . Installation was fairly straight forward and it started working right away .18 Months later , it stopped working without warning . Removed it from my truck and took it to Autozone for testing . It failed all 3 tests - the diodes and regulator failed . The 12 month warranty has expired and now I have to buy a new one . I 'll be buying one from Autozone as they offer a lifetime warranty and can replace it off the self with no shipping if it fails again .
 these tools are not long enough to give suficiant leverage , in my opinion they dont work very well
 Very dissapointed ... would rate 0 stars if I could . de-mount tool is pretty much useless . Mount iron works ok for mounting and demounting . Have used these irons on 11r-22 .5 , 255-70-22 .5 , and 385-65-22 .5 size tires . Best I can figure these tools will only work under ideal conditions , i.e. clean wheels and tires , that are well lubed , and soft from age . Do n't let the ads and the videos online fool you . Not the miracle tool they make them out to be . Definitetly not worth the $ 170 .
 After 6-9 months of installation on the hitch , the lock is jammed and the key will not open it . Just normal weather and vibration with the lock installed on the hitch . Key turns but will not release lock . Stainless steel push button REESE design .
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCK . After only a few months of use , the lock jammed and I had to hack saw this lock off the receiver . Thinking that some water may have gotten in , I purchase yet another one and only used it occasionally making sure to take the hitch off the receiver and storing the lock in the garage . This morning , the lock could not be opened and I ended up grinding the bolt in two to get the lock off the hitch.I have other weather resistant locks for other applications that have been in use for years , without a bit of trouble.Reese ... you have a problem which is only damaging your reputation .
 The seller -LRB- Iron Horse Helemts -RRB- managed to send the wrong helmet , the wrong size , the worng color , the wrong brand . This seller was terrible to deal with , I traded the helmet he sent me at a local place , and had to take a loss . I do n't know if the helmet is any good or not . I DO know the helmet I ended up with is great ! Do your business in person , it 's much more satisfying !
 They are not custom . They do n't have the custome fit holes like the factory ones have . Do n't waste the money . You can the same ones at Walmart for 39.99
 As I write this , it is June 2006 . And I 'm still waiting for this bumper sticker to deliver on its promises .
 The splashguards fit the shape of the wheelwell . However , their are two recesses on the Toyota frame which had corresponding molded indentions on the Toyota factory splashguards . These replacement guards are not molded to fit the spaces . So , ... the plastic screws provided are not long enough to reach the threaded holes . And , ... there is no threaded plastic screws to hold the upper part of the guard to the wheelwell . The Toyota original part had two or three holes in the wheelwell for each flap . I rate the product as good , in terms of shape , but poor in terms attachment accessories . The price seemed too good to be true , and perhaps it was .
 Powerflow 6417 Pro-Fit Truck SplashguardThis item is nothing but junk and a waste of good money . It went on ok but on the first time I drove my truck the right one riped in half and the left one got caught on the tire and burned up ... This is a no good product ... Do not buy . I had to give a one because there was nothing lower really it should be a -5 stars .
 First off , one set of these have been on order for over 2 months . Second , the unopened `` used '' set I received is not a direct fit plug and play and hardware wo n't work at all . One star for nice piece of rubber .
 This product had mixed reviews , but I purchased them anyway . Simply put , there are n't very many aftermarket mudflaps for a Toyota Tacoma . But , these do n't line up correctly , they are not as long as the OEM 's and the hardware provided is not what you need . Mine is held on with plastic fasteners . They come with bolts and no nuts . So I have to take a trip to the autoparts store to get the plastic clips . I think I will browse the mudflaps while I 'm there .
 worthless ... billed as being better than the stock tj drag link end ... . but it 's actually just the same as the stock tj drag link end ... which would have been 71.99 at pep boys with no cost for 3-5 day shipping to your local store . what a rip off .
 I bought these 22 inch blades to replace blades on my 1991 Lincoln Town Car . According to Amazon they should work , but the pin on my blade arm will only go through the first hole -LRB- and that using a great deal of force -RRB- . No way can I get the pin to go through the second hole . All demonstration videos on the web show these things sliding over the pins effortlessly . It 's a large pin arm , but is there such a thing as an extra-large pin ? Clearly this is a vintage car , but I do n't want to keep buying blades that are supposed to fit my make and model and wo n't go on . I can find no info on this , but am now stuck with two blades I ca n't use -LRB- they got kind of dirty trying and trying to get those darn pins through the holes -RRB- .
 They were awesome for 2 weeks ... then they started streaking and after 5 weeks , I have to replace them . Should have lasted way longer for the price .
 These have got to the absolute worst blades I have ever bought ! The have streaked and chattered since day 1 . I really expected more out of Bosch . Do not buy these ... I bought some Valeo 900 for my other car and they are just so much better . I recently saw an article that Consumer reports actually like the Valeo 600 the best . These act like the rubber is just too hard with no flex and just plan do n't work .
 the wiper leaves streaks on the windshield at the attachment point to the wiper arm . The shorter version for the other side of the windshield is fine . Packaging was fine . Mounting was simple and straightforward . Try a different brand for this length .
 I 'm selecting this size , 26 '' for review , even though I purchased a 19 '' and 2-24 '' blades . I thought I give these a try , and they all streak . More prominent in the 26 '' blade . I 'm thinking that without the brackets , the pressure is not even or constant throughout the stroke . I am not the engineer , I ca n't tell for certain . But , its hard to believe all four blades I purchased for use on two of my vehicles are streaking . . Amazon Customer Service was great to immediately replace the 19 and 26 '' . But , the 26 is still streaking , though not as bad as the original set I ordered.I 'd go back to traditional next time I replace.I only give it 2 stars and not 0 because its still better than nothing other than the streaks .
 WORST ... hardly used it ... do not clean properly , leave uncleaned spaces on the windshieldI would not recomment this product , I am going to return it .
 OEM blades lasted almost 16 months . Previous car 's blade replacements were the cheapest brand out there , and lasted 14 + months . For the first time , I order Bosh Evolution blades putting in a little extra cash hoping to be acquiring top quality blades . 4 weeks later , streaks all over I can barely see in the rain . This happened to both 24inch and 19inch blades !! I am so disappointed I ended up buying an alternative , and too lazy to return the Bosch ones I got -LRB- returning those would cost me more time than they 're worth -RRB- . 4 weeks ? Seriously?This was for a 2010 Mazda 3 .
 Bosch wipers were on my car when I got it and not problems whatsoever , but I just did n't know what kind they were , but these were n't it . I put these one late October and when December hit and started getting to below freezing the wipers already started streaking . Needless to say I was disappointed on my purchase .
 I bought this.wipers following the information that fits MB W202 but when I instal it was to small than the original one !
 I ordered these based on the online application chart that comes up in the Automotive section and they were not even close to being able to fit a Saab 9-3 . I was trying to save the dealer price tag but looks like to get the right product I am going to have to ! Plus I have to pay shipping back . Where is the guarantee of product Amazon ? Disappointed !!
 I purchased this item based upon excellent reviews . Unfortunately the wiper leaves a smear mark right in front of the driver 's side windshield .
 These do not conform to the windshield of my '12 Fusion properly . Unable to adjust to resolve issue - save your money and buy another brand .
 I usually buy the blades that are around $ 5 at Walmart but I decided to buy these `` better '' blades for once and I am disappointed . They streaked from the first day put them on and have been like that since I bought them . The blades I usually buy do n't streak for months and they are alot cheaper . Would not buy again .
 These wipers worked well for only a week.After 1 week , they started streaking . After 3-4 weeks they were smearing water.What a disappointment in Bosch products . I did n't believe the reviews and went on to purchase these . A big mistake.I would have taken them off quickly , but for a price I paid I could n't force myself to discard these expensive wipers after a month.I now have Valeo wipers and they are great after 4 + month . They are also narrower than Bosch -LRB- look slicker -RRB- . I will not buy Bosch wipers again .
 I bought these and the 21 '' wipers after reading the reviews here on Amazon . I 've had them for about a month . I 'm from the deep South , so I ca n't attest to the damage from extreme cold weather problems that others have had . However , it has been very rainy here since I got them . They worked fine for about two weeks . Now , I can see lots of streaks where the wiper is n't making contact with the windshield . I followed the directions that came with the wipers and have n't done anything out of the ordinary to them.These wipers are kind of expensive , and I was expecting a lot more from them . I will not buy these again .
 Pretty neat looking wipers . did not prove to be too efficient in New England , within the winter season they just fail to keep the windshield clean.Always some wetty spots remain.Stick to the standard would be my advice
 They may look nice , but both wipers start leaving streaks a few weeks after I put them in . The Valeo 600 series are much cheaper and last longer . Apparently these are supposed to be good for snow/ice , since there is no bracket , it would n't be prone to freezing up . But that rarely happens anyway .
 I read all the reviews of these blades , and even though some folks had problems with them , I decided to take the plunge as they looked like they would work well in snow and ice . I installed them on my 94 Volvo 850 , replacing a set of worn Bosch conventional wipers . The new blades will simply not work on this car . Although I 've never had a problem with previous blades and the spring tension on both blades is very good , these new blades do not contact the windshield in the middle portion of the blade . The blades are so stiffly curved that much of the blade remains above the glass , leaving most of the windshield unwiped . Guess I 'll put on my old Bosch conventional blades , which have very little curvature . I ca n't comment on the longevity of the blades as I ca n't use them .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 Simply put - started out great for the first month or so , then the streaks came , then the sounds of the rubber struggling to make it across the windsheild , and then progressively worse until I could say I completely regret buying these .
 Just bought the driver 's side first to test after going through 3 different sets from various manufacturers that never worked well . So far so good ! Snapped on easily to my 2007 Honda CRV after having to return the Trico 20-260 Teflon Shield Premium Wiper Blade which would n't snap on correctly even though they said it would work with my vehicle.The only issue so far is minor but can be a little distracting . When the wiper swipes downward , it pulls a little bit of the dirty water it just swiped away and leaves a wider than normal strip on the left side of the windshield . But I still like it well enough to purchase the passenger side wiper today.UPDATE - 4 months later . These turned out to be crap like all the others I 've tried . After only a few months the wiper skips on its way down like its going over speed bumps . Also , the clip to hold it on is lose and it doesnt stay down . Why oh why did n't I just get the Honda refill blades ? This has been an unending nightmare . Might just bite the bullet and fork out the money for new OEM arms and blades .
 This wiper leaves a large unwiped patch on my windshield . -LRB- My car is a 2003 Honda Accord V6 sedan . -RRB- I 've had this wiper for several months now , and it has always performed like this . It does n't seem to matter what the temperature is , or how much it 's raining , it always performs poorly . Cleaning it does n't help , either .
 Amazon says this fits my Subaru b9 tribeca , it does not . The b9 tribeca has custom holders and no universal wiper blade will fit . Have to use original or aftermarket custom holders or just change the rubber inserts .
 At $ 18 a piece one would think they would perform well , but I think they are terrible at best .
 These wipers are a huge disappointment . I put them on this summer . Sitting at a stoplight , they do a great job of wiping the windshield . But when you really need them , while driving in the rain , they lift off the windshield at speeds above 40 MPH.Now that it is winter , they freeze up the same or worse than a standard metal frame.I 'm not sure what the advantage of these wipers is ... save your money and stick with traditional wipers .
 Never received the wiper blade to try it out . It was lost somewhere between here and there .
 These work great but do n't last any longer than the factory blades . In fact , these wore out faster on my corolla than the factory ones . I will be switching back to the factory blades .
 I bought these because of the decent reviews they got here and I put them on they worked just like any other blade ... it 's not rocket science ... no advanced technology here ... evolution my A$ $ . They worked fine when I put them on but only 6 months later they were streaking and dragging water back across the windshield . It seems the bottom half of the blade now will not fold over when it swipes clockwise like it 's intended and just does n't work . I have this on two cars and I 'm disappointed . I 'd rather just buy cheap blade inserts from now on .
 From the very beginning , the wipers did n't clean a large area in the middle of the windshield of my 06 Honda Accord . I tried adjusting , wiping the blades clean , nothing helped . Now after 3 weeks of a moderate use -LRB- with car being in the garage every night -RRB- the left blade started squeaking . Perhaps I have gotten a lemon but I am surely not going to give these another look since I have to replace them after less then a month of use .
 installed on my kia sportage . Installation was very easy . Wipers look good ! But streaks after a few days . Very disappointed .
 I bought these to replace the OEM wipers on my 2010 Infiniti G37x . They worked well for about 2 months , and then started streaking . I tried cleaning them -LRB- and the windshield -RRB- , but they just continued to degrade . When I went in for service -LRB- 4 months after installation -RRB- , I was told I needed new wipers . These are supposed to be covered by a warranty - I tried to get get in touch with Bosch 's warranty department for 6 weeks - I am still waiting for a callback . I 'll buy a new set from a different brand , but this is not what I expected from a `` premium '' mark . Wo n't buy again .
 I recently installed 2 sets of these wipers on both my F150 and my wife 's Explorer . After an ice storm and 2 snow storms we both decided these wipers are dissapointing at best . These contoured blades are supposed to maintain contact with the windshield in snowy conditions . Well , neither one of us found this to be true . We both spent more time on the side of the road , cleaning the ice/snow off of these , hoping they 'd maintain contact with the glass . On my set , after a few times of banging the ice/snow off the blade , the little plastic covers kept opening up . I noticed when I removed these -LRB- only 4 weeks old -RRB- that 3 of the 4 covers were missing.Don ' t be fooled by their cleaner appearance or by their advertising , these are not worth the money .
 I 'd heard very good things about Bosch blades so I thought it would be a good investment to spend a bit extra for wiper blades that might last longer than average . Imagine my disappointment when these blades started to streak after just a month or so of very light usage . Starting with a single streak at about the midway point of the blade , then with added streaks as more time -LRB- and usage -RRB- passed . Currently , at 3 full months of usage , they 're still usable , but look like wiper blades after 3 years of usage , not 3 months.I ca n't accurately document how many days of rain they faced before the streaks started , but can say it was summer usage , so no snow or ice played a factor . I do n't drive very much , totaling maybe 8,000 miles a year , so the amount of usage these blades got within the first month or so was seriously minimal.This lack of durability would be terrible for even the cheapest , no-name brand of wipers , much less a Bosch . I 'll be replacing them soon , but it certainly wo n't be with another Bosch product .
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 It was all good when new . Well , after only 1 month . Streaks appeared right at my eye level . Bosch claimed that it should outlast other brands ... NO . That 's NOT true . My experience is this Bosch wiper blade will not last . I will NOT recommend it unless you like disposable wiper blades and have an addiction to replace wiper blade every month or so .
 The styling on these wiper blades is really good . After 4 months of use , they are useless as wiper blades . If you do n't mind replacing these 3 or more times a year then these would be great for you .
 Had no problem installing the wipers on my 08 Lexus GS350AWD . They look and feel as if they were well made ; however , upon first use there are several noticeable streaks of water left on the windshield every time . They do the job , but for about the same price I would recommend the Valeo 's instead .
 The styling on these wiper blades is really good . After 4 months of use , they are useless as wiper blades . If you do n't mind replacing these 3 or more times a year then these would be great for you .
 I thought these would be better than the $ 5 ANCO ones but they are n't . They are the same at best . Save your money and buy the cheapies .
 I ordered 2 sets of 19 '' & 22 '' blades . Both 22 '' ones looked like they were used and were missing the locking pin kits . They were very difficult to install and various plastic parts were getting broken and distorted in the process . Once I had a pair installed , neither fit correctly at all . Both had large areas that did not even get close to touching the windshield . They are cheap all plastic , junk . This was my first Amazon lemon purchase . The only thing good is the Amazon return policy . I bought regular blades locally -LRB- AutoZone -RRB- for $ 7 & $ 8 that are much simpler and work fine . My suggestion
 The item is not properly described . Although it is stated that
 This worked well for 2 weeks . Now leaves streaks right in my line of vision so I ca n't see . Very disappointed .
 Smeared windshield from day one . Has not gotten worse , but not better either . Normal windshield dirtiness , not greasy , etc. ; in other words a normal windshield under normal circumstances . I 'll not purchase again .
 The wiper blade never worked from the beggining . It was barely 2 months into service and it started making.horrible screeching noises leaving streaks on the windshield . This simply does n't work for 2010 Honda Civic .
 I bought these blades for both of our cars -LRB- blade sizes ranging from 17 '' to 24 '' -RRB- in December of last year to prepare for winter , and they worked fine during the unseasonable rain -LRB- warm winter here in the Chicago area -RRB- . However , with the first decent snow , the wipers were useless . They had no structural integrity , and just bounced around the snow clumps sticking to the windshield . Even with the heat on full bore and the snow melting on contact , the blades just clumped themselves up with the snow packed up from the shuddering and bouncing . It was probably the most terrifying winter drive I 've ever experienced . Not happy , and will not be buying these again . I generally use these Rain-X blades for winter , and will likely do so again this year : Rain-X 5074956 Winter Wiper Blade , 24 '' -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB-
 I have never had blades that lasted as short a time as these blades . I would not recommend them . I called Bosch and was blown off . They did n't ' seem to care about satisfying me as a customer . Do n't waste your time .
 After 3 hours , wipers had permanent grooves woreinto them . Causing water streaks on the windshield.Also froze up the first morning below 32 degrees f.
 They seemed nice at first but do n't contour well to the windshield . Also did n't last very long in the Texas heat .
 From what I can see , these wipers have stiff rubber that tends to set at an angle . So , when I turned the wipers off , the rubber was set at the `` down wipe '' angle , and that angle stayed in place even when the wiper was moving up . As a result , it made a horrible rubbery scraping sound , and did n't wipe worth a darn . This was a terrible wiper , and I 'm sorry I wasted my time and money on it . I went back and got a premium OEM wiper from the dealer , and I 'm happy with that .
 Snow and ice stick to the blade and they do n't conform to the window . I definitely would not purchase these again .
 These are by far the worst wipers I have ever purchased . I went with Bosch based on thier reputation for solid engineering and recommendation from several reviews here . This is clearly a product where the balance between form and function took a heavy bias toward form and ignored function . I installed these on my 2007 Accord and found they worked WORSE than my cheap wipers from a local retailer that were a year old . They do not contact the windshield with enough pressure to get a clean swipe and leave streaks in both rain , slush , and snow . I called Amazon and asked for an RMA to return ... unfortunately it went several weeks without rain/snow here and I 'm outside of normal return window . Disappointed in both Amazon and in Bosch .
 Decided to purchase Bosch 's new Evolution Wiper Blade for my BMW X5 and it does not work ! It is made of a new plastic composite which supposedly matches the curve of the windshield - but it stays slightly raised in the center portion and leaves a large smear - right in the drivers center field of vision . Gave it 2 weeks hoping it would `` settle in '' and match the windshield curve - but it did not . Returned it to Amazon and ordered the traditional Bosch Microedge wiper blade and that worked fine ! . What a hassle - next time will buy locally !
 I bought a set of these blades for my '09 Pontiac Solstice GXP . I guess my windshield is curvier than that of most other cars , because the outer inch and a half or so these blades does not make contact with the glass at all.I would have probably given these 4 or 5 stars if it were n't for this problem
 This blade and its 22 '' counterpart wipe about half the water off the windshield . The other half remains as streaks and the glare -LRB- especially at night -RRB- can be blinding . All the while , the blades sound like a pushbroom on a shop floor . I washed my car and had the same problem . I replaced them with my friend 's PIAA blades and THOSE worked just fine . I 'm giving these 2 stars instead of 1 star because the best part about them was that they did not damage my windshield.Do . Not . Buy .
 I thought I would try these wiper blades as they are supposed to be better than the regular blades . They were great for about two months but they have recently started streaking pretty badly . They also pass over a pretty substantial portion of the windshield and leave that area wet and difficult to see through . Very dissapointing as I bought these for the winter and will most likely have to replace them as the snow season is just beginning .
 I wanted a good set of replacement wipers . Typically my strategy is to find a product that has a lot of great reviews . The more 5 star reviews a product has the more comfortable I feel buying . These Evolution blades were no exception.I was really excited to get the new blades , as my old ones were horrible and just smeared everything across the windshield . Unfortunately my excitement was short lived ; the blades come pre-bowed , which is supposed to cause them to hug the windshield tighter . From the day I bought these wiper blades the passenger side blade only clears the lower half of the blade and the very tip of the top of the blade - so basically you ca n't see anything if you are sitting in the passenger seat . I have tried numerous adjustments to try to get this wiper to lay flat on the windshield , with no success.Initially this was more of an annoyance - since I rarely ever have a passenger in my car and the driver side was working great I just put up with it . However now the driver side wiper is starting to smear on about the top 1/3 of the blade . Have had the blades 21/2 yrs , which for premium wipers I do n't think should be considered a long time .
 I 'd bought these a few months ago thinking that I can replace ones that I had for 2 years -LRB- Still had life
 I had Bosch wipers before -LRB- premium version -RRB- and thought that these would be the same . WRONG ! While it wipes fine , they are not as long as it states . Example
 I had Bosch wipers before -LRB- premium version -RRB- and thought that these would be the same . WRONG ! While it wipes fine , they are not as long as it states . Example
 I had Bosch wipers before -LRB- premium version -RRB- and thought that these would be the same . WRONG ! While it wipes fine , they are not as long as it states . Example
 Made in China poor quality item that does not befit the Robert Bosch brand at all.Not for winter for sure.The origin of the product should be stated at the product page.If I knew it were a MADE-IN-CHINA I would not have bought it .
 Some how this is better than other wiper blades i used . -LRB- 2000 Honda Accord EX -RRB-
 I bought these wipers for my car . They started streaking within the first couple of weeks and the mount , which is made of plastic , broke in the cold winter weather . I would NOT recommend these wipers , in my opinion they are a waste of money .
 Installed in winter , I bought due to the great reviews and am disappointed . The wipers were great for about one week during heavy snowfalls and conditions with a lot of salt spray in Wisconsin . But now it is raining about a week or two later and these things are streak central . One wee and these things should not be streaking yet . They clear the water very well but the streaks are distracting during night driving . I am going to write amazon for an exchange or refund . Be cautious to the great reviews .
 These wipers are a huge disappointment . I put them on this summer . Sitting at a stoplight , they do a great job of wiping the windshield . But when you really need them , while driving in the rain , they lift off the windshield at speeds above 40 MPH.Now that it is winter , they freeze up the same or worse than a standard metal frame.I 'm not sure what the advantage of these wipers is ... save your money and stick with traditional wipers .
 This blade is missing an adapter to accept the lager 1/2inch wiper arms of 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited . -LRB- It is the type of wiper arm in which the end is bent like a hook . -RRB- I later confirmed the problem at the local autoparts store . The Bosch data sheet is incorrect.I have n't experienced any problems with these blades on my car . Seems like a good blade ... if only it fit .
 This wiperblade almost lasted two months before breaking . If you want to purchase this product on Amazon , perhaps you should purchase a spare so you can continue to drive your car when your wiper breaks . Unfortunately , I only bought one set of Bosch wiper blades , so my car is currently undriveable until I purchase a replacement blade .
 I bought these in October and by January they ready for replacing . I do n't live where it snows , just rain . At first they were great , but after only 3 months they left huge streaks behind and needed to be replaced . Not worth the price . I 'd rather replace the cheap -LRB- $ 5 each -RRB- blades every 3 months than these . I do not recommend .
 Bought 24 and 19 inchers for my Honda . They worked just like any other wind shield wipers , and after a year they started to leave smudges and needed to be replaced just like any other windshield wipers . That 's the problem , they cost much more then any other windshield wipers but work just like any windshield wipers . So get them if you do n't mind payin extra for fancy looking windshield wipers that do same thing and last same time .
 These Bosch Evolution Wipers looked like a great deal , and seemed well made when they arrived . However - Besides being only average at wiping -1 . They do n't REALLY fit properly - the driver 's side is just a little too long and bangs against the windshield trim molding each time it sweeps . To make it fit I will have to pry off the end caps and cut each side precisely the same amount so the wipers do n't waggle as they wipe . I should n't have to do that - making them the right size for the car is not rocket science .2 . MORE IMPORTANTLY - The plastic clips that lock the wipers on to the arm come loose periodically and flip up in the wind . When I stop , I lock them back down . Then , one day while driving , one of them flipped up and flipped OFF onto the freeway ! Without the clip , the wiper can work it 's way off the arm and fly off while in use ! THEN , the arm will dig a nice groove in the windshield while I am crashing because I ca n't see.I have called Bosch Customer Service at least 6 times and left messages and they have never called me back . Fortunately it hardly rains here , but I do need to get some better blades to replace these .
 I bought these for an Audi -LRB- 2002 A6 -RRB- . Audi has a different design for attaching and these do n't work . They are a conventional design . The Adviser on the Amazon page said they would work .
 I bought these and the first time it rained , the locking mechanism on one popped up . I snapped it back down when I got home and then the next time it rained , it happened again . So I bought a spool of stainless steel wire -LRB- $ 8.00 -RRB- and melted a pin-sized hole all the way through the plastic of the locking mechanism and ran the wire through it , bending down both sides . Seems like a lot of work and cost . I would have returned them but the store was n't near .
 I purchased these blades for a 2003 Honda Accord and the large blade misses a large section of the window - they look great but are are from functional ! I will take my dinky wiper blades that came with the car over these any day ! Never buying Bosch again !
 I bought these based on reviews and the sleek look - most wipers have a lot more hardware used to keep the wiper pressed to the windshield . My windshield is fairly flat , but these wipers wo n't keep in contact with it , leaving lots of streaks .
 I put these blades on a 2001 BMW 325i Wagon . I live in Southern California where it rains only rarely and when it does , it is not very heavy . The blades started out great . Smooth and silky and quiet . But less than 1 year later , the driver 's side blade has already torn and about a 6 inch part of the blade is flopping around . The passenger blade is fine , however definitely not as smooth . I park indoors in the evenings and my car is parked outdoors from 9AM until 5PM , in the shade usually . Even with harsh conditions though , I would expect these expensive blades to NOT TEAR . I am surprised at BOSCH for this low quality and will replace with another brand . Will also replace the wife 's BMW blades with a different brand . Unfortunate .
 Very non-resistant to the dirt . Constantly I had to clean dust and dirt from the rubber , otherwise wipers remained the band . After a short time the band remained even on cleaned rubber . It looked like rubber was deteriorated . I user them on Toyota Corolla 2009 . Trico NeoForm is better .
 I purchased these based on the great reviews . I have been horribly disappointed . Both blades leave a smear on 4 inches of the end . I have tried cleaning them and removed them to see what may be causing this smear . Nothing appears to be wrong , they just smear . Maybe I got a bad batch .
 Being from Michigan the one thing we need is good wipers on our vehicles . I can say that I have always bought middle of the road wipers for our cars . I ususally spend about $ 20 at the local Walmart or Meijer for a buy one get one free . But when I saw this deal I grabbed them up . These wipers do retial in the store for $ 17 a piece so it is basically BOGO . It rained for the first time since I put them on and they work great . I have not used them in the snow yet so i will update my review later.UPDATE
 I thought I would give Bosch another try , even though my past experience with their wipers has been less than satisfying.The Ford OEM wipers are > $ 20 , so $ 11 wipers seemed like a better idea and since it 's been a few years since I last tried Bosch , maybe they 've improved . The old wipers I had on the car were pretty shredded , so the initial performance of the Bosch was very good . Unfortunately , as soon as the Bosch are exposed to any environmental debris
 &#34; This product fits your 1993 Buick LeSabre &#34; ... no it does NOT . Do not buy these if you have a '93 LeSabre . I phoned Bosch and although they were very nice they do n't know their products . Went to Buick as well . I finally took the pointed end of a pencil to measure the hole that goes over the pin . I did this on these wipers and my present wipers and the difference in size was significant . The hole on the Bosch wipers was smaller . No way would it fit the pin on the wiper arm . A total waste of time . Went to Auto Zone and bought a pair that fits . The Bosch wipers are going on a trip back today .
 I complained that product was defective and almost immediately received a replacement . The replacement worked the same as the original . No big deal ! I put tire `` black '' on the old wiper blade and it works again . Either I have a concave surface on my windshield or this blade is n't made for my car . My complaint is not with Amazon -LRB- service was excellant -RRB- , something is not right and I do n't have an answer . Cheap blades -LRB- $ 3 -RRB- work perfectly but the $ 16 blade does n't . Leaves an untouched surface the size of an eight inch pie plate .
 These are the worst wipers I have have ever had . They do n't conform to the windshield and leave a 4 inch area at the end of the blade that does not get cleaned . Tried to talk to Bosch . They could care less . Tried to return them but no luck . Very high price for the quality .
 These wipers are a huge disappointment . I put them on this summer . Sitting at a stoplight , they do a great job of wiping the windshield . But when you really need them , while driving in the rain , they lift off the windshield at speeds above 40 MPH.Now that it is winter , they freeze up the same or worse than a standard metal frame.I 'm not sure what the advantage of these wipers is ... save your money and stick with traditional wipers .
 I have a Honda Accord and these wipers were easy to install . For the first few weeks , the wipers worked well . However , after a few weeks they streaked terribly even after being cleaned . I tried Rain-Ex on the windshields to see if the streaking would decrease , but nothing worked . These wipers are not worth the price .
 This has been mentioned in previous reviews , but I thought I 'd mention it again to further highlight the issue . The wipers worked fine ... clean , streak-free wiping . I would expect no less from brand new wipers that are on the pricier end of comparable products.However , I immediately ran into the problem reported by others that the clip that holds the wiper in place would unsnap itself while I was driving ... suddenly I 'd look and the clip would be sticking straight up . I tried several times to snap it again , thinking I might not have done so properly . Each time it would work itself free again . Finally , I tried using Gorilla tape to hold the clip down . The force that was causing the clip to unsnap itself was so strong that it pulled the tape right off . Ultimately , I was worried that when the clip became undone , the wiper blade would be able to work itself off , bringing with it the risk of an accident if that happened during heavy rain , and/or windshield damage from the wiper arm.I sent 2 emails to Bosch customer support , and both of them were ignored . The company 's apathy regarding their customers ' satisfaction , combined with the issues that I was having , led me to return the blades and replace them with Rain-X Latitude blades . They locked on with no problem and have stayed tight through a very heavy rainstorm , so I 'm optimistic about their performance.Finally , to add insult to injury , when I was removing the Bosch blades to return them , the clip on the driver 's side blade resisted being unsnapped . An amazing thing , seeing that it had no problem coming undone by itself . I finally got hold of the clip and unsnapped it and it broke right off of the wiper . So that 's the `` shoddy construction '' part . I ended up being very disappointed with a company -LRB- Bosch -RRB- of which I had previously had a very high opinion.Do yourself a big favor and steer clear of this sub-standard product .
 I bought 2 of these last November . After less than 2 months of use , both of them had streak all over . I park my car in the garage at home and at work . There was no direct sunlight to the blades but they still worn out in 2 months . VERY UNDURABLE product . Will never buy Bosch again !!
 They sent a little Two prong bracket with one of these but not with the 16 in one I ordered . Anyway , the prongs would not fit so the wipers are a little loose . Ill just go to Walmart next time and get the Rain x ones . Wish I had my money back
 After a week 's use on my Subaru Forrester , streaking became so bad I had to replace them . Tried several adjustments and cleaning to no avail .
 Although I found these through the car selection tool - and re-ran it again to double-check - they do not fit a 2005 Audi A6 3.2 Quattro.I took the rubber out and exchanged it for the old ones . Quite some work , but they do work fine now . -LRB- That is why 2 * -RRB-
 I purchased 2 sets of these based on the reviews that I have read both on Amazon and on other popular sites , and to be honest , I am starting to second guess the reviews I have read . I figured I purchased defective blades ... both sets left significant smear marks right in the line of sight for the driver and the passenger , most noticably in the section of blade where the blade attaches to the wiper arm . I purchased replacement Bosch evolution blades from a local dealer hoping that maybe there was a defective batch , and again , the wiper smeared . I now know that I will no longer buy Bosch wiper blades . I had better luck with Anco blades , and they cost a third as much . Ironically , a friend of mine also bought Bosch Evolution blades , and he replaced them in less than 2 weeks due to smearing . In all , I am VERY disappointed with the quality of this product .
 I replaced my old wiper blades after about a year when they started skipping over the windshield . These evolution blades started skipping right out of the box . They make an awful racket . I waited too long to return them so they are bound for the trash . I wo n't get wiper blades from amazon.com again .
 Never thought I 'd be writing a review for windshield wipers . Simple product . they either work or do n't . And was pretty sure that wiper technology was rock solid these days . Sadly these fall short of the mark . Have used them for two weeks on my Tundra . Streaks in at least two places on each side . Gave them a good cleaning and tried again . Same problem in the same places . I 've used bracketless wipers before without a problem . Disappointed in this brand . I expect more from a product with the Bosch name on it .
 I purchased these blades because of the excellent reviews . I live in an area where it does n't snow so I figured they would be great here . I received the blades and put them on my 06 Dodge Stratus . They are very quiet and do n't streak ; however , they leave a good chunk of the windshield untouched . I do n't how normal it is but it 's pretty disappointing for what are supposed to be quality blades .
 Despite what Amazon 's fitment matching says , this will not work on the special wipers for 2003 Audi A6 2.7 T -LRB- noted in A6 owner 's manual as `` Type B '' -RRB- . Check your wipers and your owner 's manual to confirm , as Audi has used different types of wipers on the A6 models . The blade itself does n't seem all that special , either . Typical blade design .
 2005 Tahoe - after a few short weeks they need to be replaced , the blades are very inferior constant streaking in the slightest of rain.the smallest ice or snow and you get massive streaking.rear window -LRB- 16 inch -RRB- absolutely horrible ... . about 12 inches actually contacts rear window ... front passenger side -LRB- 22 inch -RRB- misses due to curve of window and blade not being able to flex to it.my initial impression was that these where very good wipers until the back one arrived and the front ones started failing at only two weeks old.I would not buy these again and I am buying traditional wipers immediately .
 i bought this for my Grand Marquis and install it as the instructions and i tested it , it does n't wipes the middle area and i do n't know why
 I bought these hoping that being Bosch wipers they would perform . Unfortunately they chatter way too much and I missed the return window from Amazon or they would be going back . I highly recommend the Rain X Latitude blades . Easy install and they move effortlessly across the glass .
 These worked great for about a day . Now , after about a week there seem to be tears in the rubber and they streak across the entire windshield .
 Blades are probably fine , but not for 05 Jetta . Too narrow for the post holder . Slide around and almost fall off .
 I ordered several of these and have owned several Bosch Evolutions but both of these have huge lines in the middle . I have tried cleaning them and made sure the windshield is spotless , but in the rain I have lines in the wipe pattern . I have purchased Bosch Evolutions before , and have never had this issue in the time this happened . I bought them in October and put them on in late November ... We have not even had ice yet , so why would this happen ?
 Both of the Bosch Evolution `` All-Season '' bracketless wiper blades I purchased are quite possibly the worst windshield wipers I have ever had the displeasure of purchasing . Notice how I choose to place `` All-Season '' in quotes , that would be because they could n't even make it 1 month through this winter without cracking in numerous places and becoming so ridgid that they are completely useless . My suggestion , stay away !
 Worst wiper blades ever ! These leave streaks and actually worsen the view of the road . The blades also can not glide smoothly over the window - they seem to `` jump '' across the windshield . My wife and I were on a trip from San Francisco , CA to Orange County , CA in the one of the worst storms of the year when we had these . We had to stop and replace these suckers when I 've only used them a few other times . Do not buy !
 i bought these in mid june of 2011 . its now the end of september and they only smear the water . the car is outside during the day , but parked inside every night . they worked great at first -LRB- used on a 2003 passat -RRB- , but started to lose their worth in under two months . at three months they have to be replaced .
 I read the reviews , was impressed and bought this blade . Disappointing . It streaks . Worse than my old on . Bought a Michelin for the passenger side and that works beautifully .
 This morning after a snowfall I started the car before I cleaned the windshield . The wipers were stuck in ice that had accumulated during the storm . Unfortunately the wiper motor was on ; when the wiper arm started to move it twisted and broke the raather flimsy plastic tabs holding the blades to the wiper arm . I 've had similar ice accumulations many times with other blades without this result . This happened in my driveway but I can imagine the same thing happening in places and circumstances less convenient and more dangerous.Except for this rather serious defect the blades performed well .
 I bought these wiper blades for my 2003 Tahoe . They came nicely packaged , looked like good quality and were easy to install . After a few rainy weeks in Oregon they are leaving streaks on the windshield . I 've cleaned them and they are still leaving streaks . I do n't recommended this product .
 My previous wiper blades that my son had purchased me lasted 2 years and were great all year round . I wo n't buy Bosch Evolution blades again , yet any of their other blades . They were great in the summer mind you , but they are not worth their money for the winter . I tried better quality antifreeze , cleaned the blades and put on the heater on defrost . They are actually dangerous , as they streak as if they had oil on them . They also kink a bit at times . The dealer was ready to refund me if I would 've had my receipt . Back to the drawing board .
 I have a 2008 Mercury Milan and purchased sizes 19 '' and 24 '' . The sizes were fine , trying to install them is another story . I had all kinds of difficulty trying to install the little clip piece -LRB- holds them in place once they 're on the hook -RRB- . I 've installed wiper blades before so I thought I knew what to expect ... Not only was the installation hard , but they only cleaned half of the windshield . I have no idea why that is , but they are being returned and I have already purchased some good Rain-X wipers.These sounded so promising ...
 I purchased these wipers for a 1999 Honda Accord . For the price I thought I was getting a premium product . Both the left and right wipers had defective materials . While installing the pin to secure the wiper , the plastic pin just bent in the housing and did not go through the outer housing . On the right wiper , the housing cracked while I was securing the blade to the arm . I was able to get the blades secured to the arms but they do not clear the windshield without any streaks . I have an e-mail to Amazon to request a refund !! Looking at the packaging it had a 2007 date and I am wondering now if they are old defective wipers . DO not waste your money on these .
 I bought these on amazon last fall . They worked great for a couple of months . But now i 'm off to buy new ones . They just did not work at all ! I 'm better off rolling the window down and sticking my head out than trying to use these . Streak , Smear , that is what they do ... no squeek but who cares , they are junk .
 I have a 2001 X5 and these blades are listed as correct for that model . However the wiping is terrible . They leave streaks and often skip the area directly in the drivers vision . There is also a noticable sound as the wipers `` flop '' from right to left . they just seem totally wrong for my car . Like i said they do fit and are designed for my car they just seem poorly designed ...
 These blades worked well for a couple of months and now they streak badly . Do not waste your money on these , they dont last .
 It was great for a few months only , after 6 months of use , it started to develop a streak on the driver 's side . I switched it with the passenger side and will see how long it will last for.I am not impressed with the reliability of this blade.Next time I will try a different brand .
 These wipers are a huge disappointment . I put them on this summer . Sitting at a stoplight , they do a great job of wiping the windshield . But when you really need them , while driving in the rain , they lift off the windshield at speeds above 40 MPH.Now that it is winter , they freeze up the same or worse than a standard metal frame.I 'm not sure what the advantage of these wipers is ... save your money and stick with traditional wipers .
 These wipers worked well for only a week.After 1 week , they started streaking . After 3-4 weeks they were smearing water.What a disappointment in Bosch products . I did n't believe the reviews and went on to purchase these . A big mistake.I would have taken them off quickly , but for a price I paid I could n't force myself to discard these expensive wipers after a month.I now have Valeo wipers and they are great after 4 + month . They are also narrower than Bosch -LRB- look slicker -RRB- . I will not buy Bosch wipers again .
 Installed them in November and was pleased
 These are well-built -LRB- made in China though , not like previous Bosch from Europe -RRB- , they seem to be long-lasting and streak free , but the 26 '' left a HUGE swath of my windshield uncleared on my '07 accord . The 18 '' works great though .
 Purchased these Feburary of this year and have had ample time driving in the rain/snow with these wipers.The 26 '' wiper blade rubber is either too hard or the arch is too stiff . As a result , only the edges of the blade clear water . Unfortunately the entire middle of the blade just smears the water across the windshield . I 've sometimes had to drive looking out either the top or bottom left hand corner of my windshield . The smear is so uncomfortable , that I feel it is affecting my normal vision and I may soon need to wear glasses to correct for the bluriness.However I 've noticed on longer drives that the wiping/smearing gets better . On my hour long morning commutes to work , I find that the wipers perform decently by the end of my trip . Thus , pleasant and not an issue after some 45 minute break in period . But if you are like me , you might find that first 45 minute period to be excrutiatingly frustrating.Of note , shorter lengths perform pretty well .
 My buddy works at a local car dealership and he purchased me a set of Bosch Wiper Blades , so this time I decided to order them myself . Well , my passenger side wiper streaks and it 's only been installed for 2 weeks . Not impressed at all . My buddy must have purchased a different `` type/model '' from Bosch , because the ones he bought for me were exceptional.On the other hand , there may be a chance that the wiper size is n't accurate , and if I were to buy a blade 1 - 2 '' shorter , it would properly rest itself against the windshield and not streak.Final word - buy with caution .
 I just got back from a ski trip and drove through a snow storm . These wipers made the drive very dangerous as they would accumulate snow and ice and become totally ineffective . It was so bad that I had to pull over every 10 mins to shake the accumulation off . After I got down from the mountain and the snow turned into rain , the wipers left a nice blurry streak with each wipe , which took about a second to clear out . These wipers were the largest contributing factor to making my drive unsafe .
 I bought a pair to replace my windshield wipers which were very worn out . Tried to find the Goodyear Assurance wipers at first but they were not available in a 28 inch length . Ended buying Bosch because of brand reputation . It worked well for the first two months but performance dropped significantly thereafter ----- too much streaking . I noticed that this wiper was made in China . In the past , Bosch wipers were made in Europe .
 I bought these and the 22 '' wipers after reading the reviews here on Amazon . I 've had them for about a month . I 'm from the deep South , so I ca n't attest to the damage from extreme cold weather problems that others have had . However , it has been very rainy here since I got them . They worked fine for about two weeks . Now , I can see lots of streaks where the wiper is n't making contact with the windshield . I followed the directions that came with the wipers and have n't done anything out of the ordinary to them.These wipers are kind of expensive , and I was expecting a lot more from them . I will not buy these again .
 Bought these to replace my factory blades -LRB- which lasted almost a year -RRB- and they worked great for a couple of weeks . I then noticed that it was streaking a little bit but it was n't much to really complain about . However , it started getting worse . I did clean the blades but that did not work . I even checked the blades to see if they were damaged and they were n't . I went to AutoZone to see what they could make of it and they told me that it is possibly a design issue with the way it curves to fit the windshield of my car . Not everyone 's windshields are created equal so I tossed these and got a different set after using these for only three months.I got this based on the average reviews but just realize that it may not work well for your car.On a side note
 Started streaking after two months of use . Would never buy this product again . Do not waste your money on a substandard product .
 Wiper part was missing , wiper was wiggly and moves with high wind . I would not recommend these to anyone !!
 Does n't clean top one inch of blade on the upper windshield . Will use for a while anyway till I go in for service and switch it out .
 This Bosch wiper -LRB- & the other front wiper -RRB- were supposed to fit my Subaru exactly-but they did n't . They had a hole for a pin which was n't on my original wipers . They would n't install correctly and a piece broke off . Why the heck ca n't some wiper company make wipers that are good and easy to install-sheesh !
 I have them for few months only , and each of them leaves like 10 thin water lines behind . I cleaned my windshield thoroughly , thinking there might be some hard residues on the glass , but nothing changed . I will never EVER buy these wipers again !
 I previously reviewed these as serviceable wipers , but they are bad . They lasted half as long as my old Bosch Icons . They hop , streak , squeak ... horrible . and that all started about 3 months after I installed them . Less than a year out of these pieces of junk , with no bad winter either .
 Given the price , I might ask too much from this product . The product works well , except that it makes much louder sound than my stock wipers . Occasionally , it skips and leaves unpleasant streaks on my wind shield.However , given Bosch such a famous brand , I am a little disappointed about the performance and duration of this product . I replaced it with my stock wiper + refill rubber in October ,2012 . Since I can not risk my life driving with it . One night last month when I was driving my car home , it started raining . After I turned the wiper on , my vision got worse because the windshield got foggy . I stopped my car and turned on the heat and waited for a while . The fog did not go away . Then I noticed the foggy thing turned lighter after each wiper movement.The phenomena is , when I turned the wiper off , the foggy thing was washed away by the rain . It appeared immediately once I turned the wiper back on . I realized the wiper was not cleaning the water completely.I ordered this product in April , 2012 and I removed it in October . It lasted approximately 6 months . There are many others believe this thing works so well . Perhaps I just received a defect pair and was too dumb to realize it until after 6 months .
 and then it started to squeak on both dry and wet surfaces like you do not believe it . My old wipers did not squeak at least when it was wet .
 Do n't buy this product , you will end up with more water spots than before , you will waste more water than with a normal wash , and you will always have to buy the filter and soap every 10 times of use.Also I takes more time to clean a car with this system than with a bucket , in average it takes me to clean a car 45 minutes , and with this system I clean a car in over 1 hour and 10 minutes , not included the time it takes me to dry for water spots left in the car.Steps to clean a car with a bucket and water :1 - Remove dirt with a sponge and water2 - Dry the carSteps to clean a car with Mr Clean1 - Rinse the car2 - Rinse the car with soap3 - Remove dirt with a sponge4 - Rinse the car to remove soap5 - Use the filter option to rinse the car with purified water -LRB- this takes a lot of time because the pressure is low and you need to be sure to rinse all the car very slowly -RRB- If you see there are a lot of steps in the Mr Clean autodry system , that is why it takes more time to clean it.Belive me , this system do n't work as advertise , even they have a money back guarantee it will cost you more to return it .
 I bought this great piece of crap about a year ago . When I first used it , I followed the directions as indicated on the box . Worked fair the first time , I mean I could have just used my dads power washer but no , I am a pioneer and want to try new things . So then I used it about 6 months later to detail a neighbors car and it left SCUM EVERYWHERE ! This was n't your ordinary scum , this stuff was hard to get off the car . I spent a solid day scrubing the car to get this SCUM off the car . So I swore I would n't use it after all that happend . So today I decided to wash my car because I 'm moving to Arizona in a day . I used the power washer with a new bottle of Mr. Clean soap . I mean hey ... what would go wrong ... MORE OF THAT SCUM , so here I am now spending my day rubbing the scum off at least the windows instead of packing up the car ... anyway you all know my feelings on this product . Mr. Clean makes quality products but screwed up somewhere with this one .
 I first used this product with my own soap and it worked fine . The water where I live is a little hard , so I ended up drying up excess water spots with a towel , but overall it dried spotless . !! However , when I tried the product with mr clean soap streaks of wax or resin -LRB- possibly from the soap ? -RRB- was left all over my car and windows . Re-waxing my car with a cleaner wax removed the resin from the body of the car ; but the resin on the windows was much more difficult to remove.Just a warning that the soap is bad -LRB- I think -RRB- . The product works fine without the mr clean soap .
 I saw the ad on television and got pretty excited . That excitement turned to extreme disappointment when I first used this . It 's more work to wash the car with it than without it . It 's a complete waste of money . I had a few friends who warned me about it before I bought it and now I wish I had listened .
 I purchased the Mr. Clean Autodry to use on my brand new 2008 Infiniti G37S that was n't even dirty yet . It was only dusty and it had a few bug splats . I washed and rinsed the car as instructed , and then performed the final rinse on the Autodry final rinse setting . I waited in anticipation for the water to sheet off the car as it does in the TV commercial - nothing happened . I rinsed again , but there was still water standing on the car . Perhaps the water would n't have spotted the paint , but I was n't taking a chance . I got my chamois and dried the car as I would have without Mr. Clean 's help.I ca n't recommend this product , and it 's going back to the store for a refund .
 It dose n't work . Small water spots everywhere . Leaves a residue on the vehicle . Tried to return product , they wo n't pay for shipping , only will refund purchase price .
 Waste ot monie and time , Better off saving your monie for the local car wash !
 I used this product according to instructions and it ended up leaving streaks over the entire vehicle . Initially I thought I may not have rinsed quickly enough but after rewashing one spot on my car and rinsing very thoroughly with the de-ionized water , it left streaks.The rinse water does sheet like the directions say - no spots remained - but the streaks looked just as bad.I wonder if the water where I live -LRB- Phoenix area -RRB- is just too mineralized for the filter to work properly .
 I had a pretty dirty car and I used the Mr. Clean Starter Kit . I followed all the directions.I also washed my car in the shade , and I rinsed and soaped the car in portions as one reviewer mentioned . I waited about 30mins or more for the car to dry and the only parts that were really clean and shiny were the windows . It still left a lot of dirt on my car , despite all the scrubbing I did during the soaping step . It even took more water than what I would have used washing it the old fashion way . I looked that the FAQ sheet that came with the kit and it said that if you see streaks it may be dirt , and all you have to do is go through the steps again to get rid of it . It 's just a hassle . At least I can wash my house windows with it until the filter get 's used up . Otherwise it 's a waste of money .
 Does this product sound to good to be true ? That 's because it is . A completely frustrating piece of ! # $ % * . I have tried the product several times and have changed the filter -LRB- more $ ! -RRB- and still find it leaves plenty of water on the surface with associated water marks . It also does not save any time as the dry process -LRB- which does not work -RRB- is as slow as conventional drying.Finally , why spend the extra pain and time of returning this ? They want the reciept and the heavy thing costs money to ship . I just tossed mine in the trash and learned an expensive lesson .
 Tried the system for the first time today . Rinsed and rinsed and rinsed with the special filter . Still had to hand dry . Have not noiced any leftover film on the finish yet , I will check for that tomorrow . I plan on returning the washer and extra supplies to Target this weekend.You know what they say - if it sounds to good to be true - etc. .
 I bought Mr. Clean Auto Dry at Target , thinking it might suffice for quick washes when I do n't have time to do the full wash-and-dry by hand . After one use , it 's back to the store with this junk . It leaves a visible , filmy residue behind that you can feel if you run a towel over your paint finish . My car has several coats of wax on it and is typically very slippery.I had to re-wash the car with a traditional high-quality wash and wash mitt , and dry with a waffle-weave . The worst part ? Mr. Clean Auto Dry uses a ton more water and takes more time with the filling , spraying , washing , rinsing , and then re-rinsing using the super-special ionized filtered mumbo-jumbo water.Don ' t waste your time or money on this product . There 's no shortcut around a good hand wash and dry with a good microfiber . Not if you value your car 's finish .
 The manufacturer -LRB- P&G -RRB- discontinued making the soap and filters for this product . It is now useless .
 This thing may not be the biggest piece of crap I 've ever bought , but for the price it sure is . I bought one of these things a while back , used it IAW the instructions , and ... Spots , streaks , smears ... I had to wash the car again , the old fashioned way . I wound up giving this thing to Goodwill and actually felt guilty about it . My girlfriend gave me another the other day and it claimed to be improved , I figured what the heck and tried it again ... Same results ; washed the car a second time , the old fashioned way . For openers , the soap is too weak and they say you have to use their soap or it wo n't work ; and the filter , well perhaps our Texas water is just too hard for that poor little thing . Listen , you want a spot free car ? DO N'T waste your money on this rip off ; go buy a nice soft cotton towel , or better yet , a good chamois and do it the right way .
 I was given one of these for Christmas and was pretty excited to use it and see how well it works . The nozzle has three settings , one for plain -LRB- unfiltered -RRB- water , one for soapy water , and one for filtered water . I followed the instructions as on the box and everything was fine up until the final rinse with the filtered water . While the other two settings have the same waterflow as a regular water hose , the spot free rinse is a very , VERY , fine mist . To give you an idea of how fine it 's sort of like using a Windex bottle to rinse your car . It took a good fifteen minutes to do the final rinse on my sub-compact car ! It takes so long that by the time you get to the last sections , the regular water has already dried and spotted the paint . The water also does not magically sheet off like in the commercials . However , if rinsed right , it will eventually dry and not leave any spots.Finally the overall quality and upkeep of the Mr. Clean Auto-Dry . If not stored properly , any left over soap will leak out . This happened and it got all in the box . The filters are also quite expensive to replace with the Mr. Clean Auto-Dry . I was able to only get TWO USES out of the filter that came with mine . With Mr. Clean practically giving the starter kits away , it would be cheaper to just buy a whole new kit everytime you needed a new filter.I do not recommend this product . With proper washing techniques , you can be far more efficient than a Mr. Clean Auto-Dry .
 Why can Mr Clean Auto Dry have an apparently bulletproof guarantee you wonder . Read on.I gave the product six chances to perform as advertised , but it still dried thick spots from the heavy liquid detergent every time -- even after rinsing two times very slowly -LRB- and the rinse is more like a fine mist -RRB- . When I finally gave up , I found no return address on the box . There was an 800 number one has to call first , so I did.The recorded message gave an address to a PO Box in Florida : MR CLEAN AUTO DRYMONEY BACK GUARANTEEPO BOX 526348MIAMI FL 33152-6348It also advised to include the receipt and a name and address to process the refund check.When I weighed the parcel at the post office , I found that the cost to ship equalled the price of the product . And this was shipping via Parcel Post . Priority mail was even more . UPS was out because UPS does n't deliver to PO Boxes.I returned it anyway out of principle and will ultimately be out the entire cost of the product.Very slick marketing , Mr. Clean . Very , very slick .
 I bought this product on a whim . I was looking for carwash detergent at Safeway , and the Mr. Clean AutoDry was on sale . Curious , I gave it a try.First of all , this unit wastes a LOT of water . After washing and rinsing , you have to apply filtered water all over the car from a distance of one feet . It feels like spray painting.Then you wait for the water to evaporate . Problem is , I live in San Franisco , CA -- nothing dries in this climate without help . If I had n't hand dried my car , I 'd still be waiting for the water to evaporate.Another odd thing -- hand drying actually seemed more difficult after using the Mr. Clean soap and unit . It 's as though it left a residue . I 'm not sure what it is.But I 'll probably end up washing my car again tomorrow , the old-fashioned way ...
 I ordered these floor mats and waited 3 weeks for them only to dicover upon arrival that the two eyelets that were supposed to be inserted in the drivers mat were no present . Had the eyelets been present I would have given this item 5 stars as the mats are very well constucted . Now I have to return the mats and wait another 3 weeks for them to be delivered . That 's bogus !!!!
 The blades look great but in contrast the amazon.com product description , they do not fit a 2007 BMW 328xi sedan .
 these are suppose to fit , but do not clip well . the holes are too small . save your cash and just get the wipers directly from a BMW dealer , they are not that much more expensive , this was a complete waste of time and money
 I entered my car 's year/make/model and ordered the recommended wiper blade as per the search feature on Amazon . Unfortunately it was NOT a match and it would NOT connect to the wiper of my car . -LRB- There are two sizes - one shorter and one longer - neither of the recommended sizes fit . -RRB- I was extremely disappointed .
 Have a 2007 Saturn Outlook XR . The Bosch ICON WPR 210e is correct for my vehicle . I had to learn the same lesson . The lock assembly is quite sophisticated for something as simple as a windshield wiper . The release mechanism and guide rails really emphasize the need to correctly id the vehicle you 're trying to fit . -LRB- I thought I would be `` cute '' by going to WMT and pay $ 16.00 ... NOT ! -RRB- Merry Christmas
 This wiper does not fit the 2011 Jetta even though amazon says it does !!!!! So , do n't buy it if you have a 2011 Jetta and do n't trust amazon if you want to make sure a part fits !!
 wanted these wipers on my car . used amazons `` make sure it fits '' auto checker . tool said wiper would fit . wipers arrived . tried to install , and the plastic that mounts on arm was to large . it did n't fit and now amazon wants me to pay $ 6.00 to return these items . buyer beware .
 I bought two sets , one for my 2010 Jetta and the other for my wife 's 2011 Jetta.I installed these on my 2010 Jetta , they installed just fine . They clean the windshield fine but did notice a slight chatter a couple of times , that may be because it was 17 degrees outside at the time!As for the 2011 Jetta , they DO NOT FIT ! The wiper attach point was changed just enough on the 2011 . Both Amazon and Bosch say they will fit but they do n't . I think Bosch may have assumed they would but they do n't fit the 2011 model.I may keep these for the 2010 Jetta but hope they do n't dry rot from sitting while I use the other set.I gave these wipers a below average rating so that anyone looking to buy them will see there is no problem with using them on a 2010 Jetta but not so with a 2011 . Overall a good wiper as long as they fit .
 I just installed this wiper and it 's been raining all day . It does an excellent job removing the water without any streaks . I can barely hear these wipers when they 're on . I 'm very satisfied with them and will purchase more in the future.Update
 Purchased this after looking at the specs . I appreciated the LED and LCD display/information also the ability to manually set charging voltage . After evaluating discovered that even though panels were inputing 18 + volts and the charging voltage was set at 14.5 volts I was unable to ever get batteries fully charged because voltage from the controller never got above 13.4 volts . Left messages almost daily for more than a month at their corporate number , no return phone calls or any kind of interest or support .
 I believe these are TEVES type . whatever it is , it should only go across the pond .
 I purchased this Pilot Motorsports PM-193 shift w / multicolor . but it SUCKS , there is NO on/off switch . You have to keep keep the on button down to see the colors . but I ca n't when I 'm driving , that a safety issue . It SUCKS , I want my refund back .
 I dont know if it is a technical difficulty on my part , but my past shifter that lit up would rotate colors automatically every time i shifted gears or pressed the button , this one , you have to hold down the button , HARD , if you want to colors to come on , and the minute you release the button , no more colors . Besides that , i dont mind too much because i like just the bubbly design without the colors , just wished the product had been designed so you didnt have to hold the button down for the colors to stay on . If I am doing this wrong or there is a special technique to keep it on , someone please tell me . : -RRB-
 I always thought in `` pairs '' when I consider wheel chucks . I do n't think wheel chucks are used for unicycles and everything else has at least 2 wheels . Maybe I 'm over cautious but I always chuck both front and back of the wheel . So I always use at least 2 chucks . Does n't everybody ?
 The chock I received had no tether cord , nor a hole to mount it . Also , the structure as viewed from the side is quite different . I am not sure if they redesigned it , or if it is the wrong one . Either way , it is a disappointment.It IS a hard plastic and slides on some floors , but seems to grip pavement well .
 These wheel chocks are well made and solid , but rubber ones would be better for smaller tires . I put them under the wheels of my trailer and I was still able to push the trailer forward as the chocks were sliding along the asphalt . My trailer wheels are smaller than car tires , so that is probably why they do not work so well . The point of contact between the tire and the wheel chock was just the front edge of the chock . With bigger tires , these chocks might be great , but for my smaller trailer tires , a couple of bricks would work better than these chocks .
 You just do n't expect these to be made of hard plastic and so small . But then you look at the price and kick yourself for expecting more . They work , but I highly doubt they 'll still be around in 10 years .
 I was very disappointed with this product . I bought this for my father , and it turned out to be a chore . The item banged against the window and was very distracting when driving , and was too much of a hassle to take on and off to avoid the distraction .
 This item was used by my father and was found to be useless . It did n't help him get in nor out of the car .
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 If you 're looking for a plug to increase mileage or performance look elsewhere . My car is more slugish in acceleration and fuel mileage has actually decreased since installing these plugs . I am going back to the factory plugs .
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 it did not fit when delivered . bought for the honda odyssey 1995 . willing to give another chance to order the correct one , because of its brand denso . hopefully this time will fit . second time delivered still not fit . wrong part both times . amazon needs to adjust their inventories .
 This was not what I was looking for , I thought these were from a manafuture from Handy Dandy , they are very tiny pads , I do not recommend .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 This was wonderful for the first two weeks . Now it is barely working even on the sunnest day . I do not recommend this product .
 We wanted a small pond in our backyard but did n't want to have to use electricity . I thought this solar fountain would be perfect , giving some circulation in the water , plus looking pretty . It did just that for a couple of weeks ONLY when in direct sunlight , but since then , has decided to quit working most days . I do n't know if there is a short or what , but the fountain does not even come on most days now , even in direct sunlight . Unfortunately we threw away the box so I have n't tried to return/exchange it . I 'm now looking for an alternative .
 well , I must have gotten a defective one . I placed it in our pond which has full direct hot sun and it made lots of noise but did n't pump at all . I tried putting it in just a big barrel full of water to see if it would pump in that , and nothing . I returned it for a refund and wo n't try again , too disappointing . I have other solar products doing just fine in the blistering sun here .
 Simply put , this does n't work well at all . It gets clogged up with the tiniest algae and even when it is working , the `` fountain '' is a joke . The water barely reaches 4 inches . It might work in a bird bath if it was n't so huge .
 I bought one of similar design from Harbor Freight . It worked as advertised , until after a few weeks . It became waterlogged on one side and the flowing water from the fountain part would tend to flip it over upside down , such that the sun would n't hit the solar cells anymore . I have been able to remedy the problem by drilling 1/8in . holes in the bottom of the base floating unit , to more evenly distribute the water inside base . That helped to stabilize it in the tub of water where it sits in the sun . The plastic cover fogs up , which blocks out some of the light to the solar cells , but it still will push water up 5-6inches in the bright sunlight.It is convenient to use . However , IMHO the best solar-powered fountain would probably not be self-contained , you would want to buy a quality 12v DC pump and then run it off separate wiring , batteries , and solar panels which are remote from the fountain pump itself , which would be installed somewhere in the pool/birdbath . That 's what I plan to do later myself .
 Placed it in a pool of clean water it spun up and the fountain squirted a few onces of water the it just went silent . I tried drying it out but no luck ... Definitely a piece of junk . Mfg will only issue a refund if I pay 13.95 to ship it back to them .
 This solar fountain has no battery reserve , so it only works in direct sunlight . The direct sunlight has to be pretty intense for it to even have a 3 inch spray . Do not buy unless you live somewhere with really intense sun , not ment for New England summers !
 Not hard to install . But does not align when you close it . Not easy to remove . You must loosen hinges .
 I ordered it a long time ago but my mechanic just came back a couple of weeks ago.He said my 2001 honda accord lx v6 has no distributor and rotor , so I do n't need this . Planning to return when I have time if possible .
 Read the other reviews , it has all been said before . I 've had this tool for about 30 months . I 've used it six times . It worked very well . I used it to replace a pool pump motor and it really made the job much easier . Then I noticed that it did not hold a charge for very long . Not something lithium ion batteries are supposed to do . Then it just died and can not be charged . Tools should be dependable - - - this one falls short.I subsequently contacted Skil Customer Service and was told that the replacement power module -LRB- no you can not just replace a battery -RRB- was approximately $ 48 . I paid $ 50 for the whole unit new . Skil has discontinued the item .
 Worked great for about a week and then just stopped working . Nobody seems to carry them anymore which makes me suspect they had a major design flaw that the manufacturer does not want to recall ?
 Reading a few of the comments on this page , I am having a similar problem . I do n't use the tool much , in the past year , I 've only used it a couple times , but now , it 's completely dead . The charger light is a solid green indicating a full charge ... but nothing , tool is completely dead.The couple times I used it though for some simple jobs around the house , it was a cool tool and very handy ... just very disappointed that the tool is now DOA for no apparent reason , still looks like brand new and there is no reason for it NOT to work . -LRB- ie abuse -RRB- . Would n't mind having another one , if I could get a better gaurantee that it would work for more than a few turns . But , do n't see that happening , so will not buy again.NP
 These ratchets are so bad that Skil discontinued them . I have had eight of them and still did n't get a good one . When they charge they get very hot . After a week or two one of the batteries goes bad and something burns up on the circuit board . I took one apart and connected 7.2 volts to the cell input wires and it still did n't work indicating that something else failed also.I like the concept of the small electrical ratchet but the Skil model 2372-01 is not worth 2 cents . Bosch makes them for Skil so I do n't know if the Bosch model is any better .
 This Skil wrench worked great for three uses . It is responsive enough to drive smaller screws but powerful enough for bolts . Unfortunately , it stopped working after the third use . It appears to be fully charged , the switch clicks but it is dead .
 Mine is broken , too . Dead as a door knob . Take your chances . Used very little , Did n't have it too long .
 I bought this tool because it was on sale at a drastically reduced price , and I have had good luck with Skil tools in the past . When I took it out of its box I was impressed . It had a nice heft to it . The first time I used it I think I discovered why they reduced the price . The problem is in the design . If you just pop on a socket or screw driver bit , most of the time the body of the tool or your hand will be interferring with the wall or whatever else it is you are working on . This can be somewhat mitigated by adding an extension to your tooling , but this can be awkward . Also the tool runs at a pretty slow speed . I have decided to keep it and put it in our utility room for use inside the house on small projects , but it will never be one of my favorites .
 I have purchased approximately 10 or so of these wrenches over then past 2 years.I purchased extended warranty for a few bucks extra . Problem with that is that there is/was such a high failure rate of these ratchets that local retailers are not renewing stock of them once they are out.As stated by other folks , these cordless ratchets just simply quit working . End of story . So far , I have had six of them fail , all less than a year old . Even had several warranty replacement ones failed !!! There is a mass defect in this tool and Skil/Bosch needs to step up to the plate and admit it.I have had brand new , out of the box units setting in the `` Smart '' charger in use for only several months -LSB- light use I might add -RSB- only to go to use it and it is dead . The charge light is green constantly with only a flicker of red when you push the trigger switch while in the charger . The charger output is there at about 16 volts but whether it is regulated voltage by the time the wrench dies , I dont know . It seems to be a battery and/or charger issue . I 'm thinkin that the ole Skil Smartcharger aint so smart and have been killing the Lithium-Ion cells in the wrench ... . OR cells are defective from the get-go . I do n't think it is a switch problem in the wrench . Just guessing though.Sad thing is that I LOVE this tool ! It is wonderful for low torque duty as in dashboards or many light duty jobs . With this widespread failure occuring , they just do n't last . Skil needs to go back to the drawing board and redesign OR repair what ever is happening to these ratchets.The 1/4 '' cordless ratchet is a fantastic tool concept that just has n't been quit perfected as a reliable product ... . by any manufacturer that I am aware of.I have n't talked to Skil for quite awhile but will be calling soon to see if they have taken positive steps to get reliable ratchets to purchasers who want and love this tool !
 Never really used the tool much for a year and always had it in the charger . When I wanted to use it to assemble my new grill , it did n't work , completely dead . What a shame .
 Skil 2372-01 7.2-Volt Li-Ion Power WrenchThis wrench was disappointing in the output torque cabability . It did not develop anywhere close the the specified torque . It simply stalls when it needs to develop maximum torque . This product can only be used to spin loose fasteners and should not be expected to break a fasterner loose or tighten a fastener .
 I have purchased 2 of these . I love the concept and functionality , but after having the second one quit on me shortly after purchasing it . I disassembled both ratchets only to find the same issue . The magnets in the motors ended up in little pieces . I did not drop them to cause this or abuse them in any way . So , I went to Skil website to get parts and everything for this ratchet has been discontinued . Skil really dropped the ball on this one , I would rather pay a bit more and have a quality tool . I have a lot of Skil tools but in the future I probably will not purchase any more from them or their Bosch counterpart only because of the way they have dealt with this ratchet . A good company would have recalled them or at least replaced their defective motors .
 At first I thought I was going to love my new Skil 2372-01 7.2 Volt Lithium-Ion Power Wrench after reading all of the great reviews -LRB- and the price was a bargain at only $ 20 ! -RRB- . I did n't have an immediate need for it , so it sat charging for a couple of months before I began to build a 4 ' x 6 ' chicken coop which was n't a terribly huge project but it called for an electric screwdriver.I first drilled holes , but found that I could n't use 3 '' screws in them as it made the screwdriver get very hot , like it was being overworked , so I switched to 2-1/2 '' screws and 1-1/2 '' screws when working with the plywood -LRB- not my preference , but I did n't want to push it with the screwdriver -RRB- . I used it a couple of days , recharging it after each use . On about the 3rd day , the power got low , so I charged it overnight . When I went to use it the next day it was completely dead and unable to be revived after trying a number of things.The seller would n't take it back because it was after 30 days -LRB- though less than a week after its first use -RRB- . I went to Target , purchased a Black and Decker 6-volt -LRB- no wrench feature , but that 's okay -RRB- and it was only $ 25 retail price . I finished my coop and chicken run with it , using 3 '' screws with no problem . In addition , I have never run out of power with my B&D ; , I charge it at night because I am finished using it , not because it is out of juice like the Skil one was.I have a Skil jigsaw which I love , but this screwdriver/wrench was a real disappointment .
 This item is a piece of junk . It will only last about 6 month . This is the last Skil tool I will ever buy ...
 Bought this because it was cool and there have been a few times I 've needed to ratchet without having the room to ratchet . Well , this fit the bill . However I can only remember using it three times before it died . I used it one day , set it back in the charger , then next time I went to use it the trigger did nothing . It was dead . Charger light was solid green . Took it apart -LRB- using battery removal instructions -RRB- thinking maybe something had come loose , a cold solder joint , whatever . Nope , it just does n't work . I do n't use it enough to buy another .
 okay for a short while , then switch started working only intermittantly . About the 7th or 8th time I used it ... it would n't turn on at all ... threw it in the garbage .
 I have owned the ratchet for almost 8 months and used it on a daily basis and have had nothing but problems with the ratchet randomly not working . The battery is charged , but it seems to have a problem with the switch that activates the motor . I disassembled the unit to have a look at the switch and possibly install a new one only to find that the switch is soldered to a circuit board . So its not a simple switch replacement . The ratchet is fantastic and a real time saver when it works . but overall a total waste of time when you need to use the ratchet and it stops working while your in the middle of an assembly job and have to stop and dig out other tools to finish your work . I have read on many other tool websites about customer complaints that the tool just stops working . It 's a real shame the tool just lays down and dies . I would say i have used the ratchet enough to have paid for the original cost , but I wo n't be purchasing another skil ratchet any time soon .
 Let me first say that I do not have a problem with Skil . I own several of their tools and use them all the time with no problems . Yet I found this product to be a waste of money.I purchased this `` power wrench '' at Wal-ly Mart-inez for just over $ 60 with tax a couple weeks ago because I was installing 2 pedestal sinks in tight spaces and thought this would be great for screwing in the lag bolts into the wall stud -LRB- piloted hole of course -RRB- . Right at the top of the box it states 400 in/lbs . of torque , that would knock them right in . I noticed it had a Li-Ion battery as well which was just icing on the cake . I have had a handy little mini Skil driver in my electrical pouch that charged in 15-30 minutes and has worked great for me . So with that in mind I justified what I thought was a good deal for the features.When I finally got to installing the sinks I pulled out the `` power wrench '' and noticed the thing was dead and not going to work , so I figured I would wait 30 minutes and let it charge . I waited and waited and waited and the red charging light was still on after an hour . I thought something was wrong with the unit so I looked in the manual and low and behold A 3-5 HOUR CHARGE TIME !!!! You have got to be kidding me . They do n't mention anything on the package about that.I figured this thing must pack a punch so it needed some extra charge time for the big battery , so needless to say I waited the extra couple of hours for it to finish charging . When it finally fully charged everything else was set to go . I was driving a 2 '' long 5/16 '' lag screw into a 2x6 behind sheetrock with a 1/4 '' pilot hole . The `` power wrench '' got about 1/2 - 3/4 of the way before it could n't `` power wrench '' anymore . I then had to manually drive the lag screw home . I knew something was wrong . This thing has 400 in/lbs . of torque . I again looked in the manual and this thing has 400 in/lbs . of MANUAL torque . I went back to the box which I initially saw and of course there is a little asterisk next to the Powerful - 400 in/lbs of torque , and in tiny little print on the bottom back of the box is the asterisk with the words `` in manual ratchet mode . '' Come to find out through online searches this thing only has 75 in/lbs of torque in auto mode . Is n't this why I bought the damn thing was for auto and not manual because I already have great manual ratchets . I do n't think that driving 5/16 '' lag screws into piloted holes is a Heavy Duty task but it was for the `` power wrench . `` I feel very duped by Skil with this purchase . While the idea of the tool is great I do n't think this `` power wrench '' is even worth half of what I paid for it . I would have paid the price or more than I did for a corded unit with more torque . At a time where I see cordless power tools getting better and better the `` power wrench '' is definitely a sign of regression.Keep in mind that when you buy this tool what you are essentially buying is an Electric Manual Ratchet.Why do n't they make a corded version of this with more torque ???? Maybe in a 3/8 '' or 1/2 '' socket size . Oh well ... UPDATE July 12 , 2008 : I owned this piece of junk for not even a month and it crapped out on me . Fully charged I push the button and nothing . Called Skil service and they were great like always , but I had to ship it and pay for it to get this piece of junk fixed . Actually , they just sent me another reconditioned unit . So I guess a lot of them crap out . People , this thing is really junk . Do n't buy it unless you get it for like 20 bucks . I 'd hate to see anybody else get ripped off by paying 60 + bucks for it .
 Most worthless tool i own . no torque whatsoever , doesnt hold a charge worth crap . do not waste your time or money on this product . mine is sitting at the bottom of my tool box .
 The wrench has a 1/4 '' square bit head which only fits small sockets . It does not come with an adapter to step-up to the normal square bit heads for socket wrenches . -LRB- It does come with a few socket and screw bits that fit the 1/4 '' bit -RRB- . I learned the hard way when I took it out for a Sunday project and it did n't fit my sockets . I will try to find at the hardware store a step-up converter but it should have come with one .
 I have the same problem as some other users . I only have used this tool a few times and now the charger shows a full charge but the tool is completely dead . Another battery is only available with a new bottom half from the head down for $ 60 .
 This is my second replacement SKILL 2372-01 7.2-Volt Lithium-Ion Power Wrench . This tool lasted for 3 or 4 uses over the coarse of a year , then stopped charging , and is now dead . I contacted Skill , and they want to charge me $ 35 to service the tool.I have many rechargeable power tools , and after hundreds of uses and years of use they need to be replaced . This SKILL 2372-01 7.2-Volt Lithium-Ion Power Wrench lasted about 6 times then died.This tool is way below standards , and should be avoided . This tool is low quality junk made in China . Skill should replace these tools free of charge because of the failure rate . Look at the reviews for this skill tool , and you will understand why this tool should be avoided.I will be bypassing all Skill tools from now on when it comes to rechargeable tools . There are far better choices out there from companies that will stand behind their products .
 I too have had similar problems as others on this product - but I would consider it a HUGE PROBLEM ! The tool completely died for absolutely no reason after about 9 months of ownership with very little -LRB- or lite -RRB- usage . The charger light just remains lit a solid green -LRB- indicating a full charge -RRB- with or without the Skil Wrench in the charger . When I do place the Skil wrench on the charger there is no change in the led color light . Either the tool or charger is completely dead ?! The couple times I did use the Skil wrench though it was very handy and cool tool and would love to have a replacement but I am very hesitant as I am reading other owners are having similar issues . Not good ! Absolutely disappointed that the tool would just die for no apparent reason . It was working the last time I used the tool , afterwards I placed the tool onto the charger and came back a month or two later and now the tool is completely dead . Arrrg!Like I said , would n't mind having another one but I do n't see that happening based on my experience on the MTBF Quality of the tool along with other experiencing similar issues . Real shame !
 This thing worked so good ... for like a month . Then it died completely , and I ca n't recommend that .
 My son gave me one of these for Christmas several years ago . I 've used it very little , maybe a 2 or 3 hours total . The last time I used it the battery went dead and I forgot to put it back on charge . Now it will not take a charge . I took it apart and have the battery in hand but so far I have found no replacement . It was a handy tool to have but I will not be buying another Skil . I use a wide variety of battery tools at work , never seen one that you ca n't replace the battery !
 I HAVE YET TO SEE ANYTHING LIKE THIS ON THE MARKET ... LOVE THE IDEA ... MINE BROKE AFTER A MONTH OR SO ... WORK ON SMALL ENGINES AND IS PERFECT FOR FITTING INTO TIGHT AREAS ... BROKE AND IS NOT REPAIRABLE ... BEEN SITTING AROUND FOR A YEAR OR SO ... BATTERY STILL WORKS ... LOL
 I have owned two of these units . The first died and could no longer be charged after about a year . Thinking it was an issue on my end , I purchased as second unit which again failed about 18-months later .
 save your money it drains in 5 minutes even charging just a cell phone . Nothing will get a full charge.Forget trying to jump your car battery , I could never get it to work even when new and fully charged . what a waste of money .
 NOTE
 They have n't even titled this right . The product pictured is Future Glue . This size of Future Glue sells for under $ 2 almost anywhere . By the time you add shipping to this one , you will have paid at least four times what it is worth . Your local hardware store probably stocks it .
 The floor mats fit well . The driver 's side mat does not have an eyelet for the retention hook mounted to the floor , and that is disappointing as the description says they exist when `` required '' -LRB- and the general photo shows two eyelets -RRB- . The floor mats are a much lighter gray than the gray interior of the pickup . But the mats are thick and should last a long time.Edit 11/16/2012
 First of all the image displayed of the mount is not correct . This is front mount for maxima and look different . I did get the correct part based on the part number . Bought two of these to replace old nissan oem mounts . The mounts look solid and well made when new . Everything was perfect for about 6 months . The car drove really well , but then I noticed that both mounts had their centers shifted outward by at least 6mm . Needless to say the alignment by then was completely out and the inner tire tread had worn out much more than the outer tread . The mounts completely fell apart in about 10 months . The car was actually only driven about 8k miles in those 10 months . Bottom line ... the mounts are poorly built and do not hold up in long run . The original nissan oem mounts lasted over 12 years/130k miles in dry and hot AZ weather . The nissan oem mounts are not that expensive . . go with the oem mounts . The aftermarket KYB are not worth the money/labor involved in putting new mounts .
 If you have never taken the tank off a bike with EFI you need to know that the fuel system is always pressured up . So prepare ahead of time for how you are going to clamp off fuel lines , Intalled the unit then put the bike back together turned on the key to test the unit and instead of all the lights coming on briefly then going off they all three stayed on . Long story short took everything back off the bike checked all the connections and still had the same results . Went through the process two more times with the same results . Contacted Cobra explained all that I had done , and they provided me with an RMA number to return it to them for inspection and testing . Still waiting to get it back or a new unit.Not sure if it was worth all the trouble .
 The hitch cover came , and looks great . It is as it looks in the picture , and is not a helmet as in title . BUT it doesn NOT fit 1.25 '' hitch . It says it does , but it only fits 2 '' hitches . Annoying , since this is the second hitch I 've bought from Amazon that was mislabled in the description .
 Denso is the worst blades I 've ever seen . They do n't wipe water , just spread dirt . Match cheaper blades work much better.DO NOT BUY this brand !
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 This radiator repair product is a two part epoxy putty that you knead together before using . My sample seemed to be quite old , however , since after mixing it was too stiff and dry to adhere to the radiator surface . The liquid Permatex epoxy product worked better for me .
 These studs are 3/8 '' coarse studs . My Chevy truck takes 8mm fine thread for the exhaust manifolds . I checked several times and even checked Dorman before i ordered and both websites stated they will fit a 1999 Chevy silverado truck with the 4.8 L engine . Wrong Wrong . I did not return them because i think later in life i might be able to uses them on another project . Do n't trust what the websites say that it will fit your application . I did not find any specs for this part i trusted the website .
 I used this for some exhaust parts and this stuff dries up into a flaky `` chalk '' and the bolts do n't seem to loosen up any easier by using this stuff . I talked to a couple buddies of mine who have been working in the shop nearly their entire life and they recently stopped using permatex anti-seize -LRB- they had the silver stuff , I have the copper stuff -RRB- because they had the same issues . My understanding is it 's the permatex brand anti-seize but regardless I 'm not recommending this because a high temp multipurpose lube or brake grease would probably do the job better than this stuff ... but I have n't tested that out yet . -LRB- I 'm gon na give ceramic brake grease a try -RRB- . Conductivity ? Nearly non-existent . I took a multimeter to this stuff and I would n't even get a reading unless I left a nanometer layer between the probes and once I did get a reading the resistance was VERY high . I was excited because I could also use it as a conductive paste but you really ca n't . So basically it ca n't be used as a dielectric grease nor a conductive grease ... awesome ... . Maybe I can find someone to donate this bottle to ...
 way too small for the factory disc brakes on a 70 dart 340 swinger.However the factory drum front brakes may have a smaller front hub and that could have been the issue for me , but it is not clear .
 I ordered a bug shield for my dodge caravan , they sent me one for a jeep . it cost me $ 12 dollers to ship it back . so now I dont have anything except the charge for $ 25 plus the $ 12 return shipping fee I paid , never again ...
 The part looks fine but it does not come with a nut or cotter pin . You will have to come up with your own hardware , which I find highly irritating . -- UPDATE 7-22-2011 -- I had to return this to Amazon because its very difficult to find the castellated nut and Moog does not sell the nut separately . Furthermore I talked to a Moog representative who told me Moog does not honor the Limited Lifetime warranty on products sold through Amazon since Amazon is not an official Moog supplier . Apparently you have to go through a brick-and-mortar store to keep the warranty valid .
 This steering wheel cover isnt even the one shown it comes it white which i can go to the local auto zone and pick this same steering wheel up for like 12 buck so i got jipped out of 8 buck i reterned the item and bought the other one i wanted
 To be fair , this might actually be a great part , but I will never know ; I had to immediately send it back for refund . I 'm not sure whether the failure was with Amazon and their part selection system or with the manufacturer 's shipping , but this was a frustrating deal and would have been much worse if I had n't checked the part before starting the job . Long story short , they sent me the completely wrong part . Part of the selection process , in addition to make , model , year , etc. was not only to choose that I had and automatic transmission , but to choose WHICH auto trans my truck has . I had to do some research to learn that my truck has the Aisin-Warner A340E , and made the appropriate selection at the time of order placement . The part that I received was clearly for a MANUAL transmission though , as it lacked the transmission fluid cooler in the bottom reservoir . So yes , not only did I have to select that I had an auto trans , I had select WHICH automatic trans , and they still managed to send me the part for a manual .
 This Sun Shade is so thick and cumbersome , I have to remove everything from my Dash to install it , readjust my Review mirror after removing it and it is difficult to store in the car . Not Recommend
 This sunshade fit great when I first got it . It has shrunk a little and that makes it curl up on the left and right edges . It does make a huge difference in the temp of my car , but I bought it because I wanted a snug `` Custom '' fit . Might as well go with a cheap accordion version and cut it yourself .
 This product does NOT fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee as promised in the add . There is NO grommet to fit the J hook on my jeep and it is way to big . A real bust and had to return ! By the way the photos with the product actually show the product with a grommet for cars that have the J hook .
 Beware-this is the stick on variety of window vent shade . For this particular application it does not surround the Equinox 's rear window openings .
 first off all i got this as a gift from my uncle , i returned it because the product description was WRONG.The product title says its `` single '' and in the product description it says '' it comes with two of each items such as bulbs , foglights , harness and everything else that 's needed . i called customer service i complained and asked them nicely to fix the product description this was 5 months ago today is 7/7/2011 . and here it is , the description is still the same . im very disappointed ...
 Do n't buy this CRAP !!! They are the worst garbage I have ever purchased . You would expect this kind of garbage from the dollar store . Not made for actual street riding but for show .
 This product does NOT fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee as promised in the add . There is NO grommet to fit the J hook on my jeep and it is way to big . A real bust and had to return ! By the way the photos with the product actually show the product with a grommet for cars that have the J hook .
 The set of gaskets we received had many gaskets in it , but there were NO head gaskets . Maybe this would be better described as Misc . Gasket Set .
 This product does NOT fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee as promised in the add . There is NO grommet to fit the J hook on my jeep and it is way to big . A real bust and had to return ! By the way the photos with the product actually show the product with a grommet for cars that have the J hook .
 This part is not OEM spec 'd . The plastic sleeve from the original would n't fit in this one . Worse , the clamp stretched out on the very first opening of the door and wo n't hold the door open ... and now because it 's stretched out , I ca n't get it out of the door to replace it.Bottom line ... you get what you pay for .
 I should n't have given it one star , but the review does n't work with zero stars . The purchase and shipping went smoothly . But , the product broke the first time I opened the door . I sent it back and it was promptly replaced . The replacement broke within two days.I wo n't bother getting another replacement because of the postage I have to pay for the return .
 The product arrived quickly and was appropriately priced . The installation was straightforward . However , it does not keep the door open and the metal is not spring like enough to hold it . I am disappointed in its functionality .
 This door stop for my 1999 Suburban rear door looked OK when I first got it . After installation I found out it had not been heat treated . After a couple times opening the door and using the stop , the metal bends , allowing the pinch area to open up making this door stop useless . I would not buy another just like it , since it was a waste of time and money .
 These do n't hold the door open just like everyone here as said . Luckily they said I can return them and get a refund .
 The door check strap is made of extremely soft metal . The clip that hooks on the door is spread out and would not hold door open , then bent open so far it got jammed on the door . I had to mutilate the strap to get the door to close , subsequently denting and scratching the door . This was after the first time I used the back door after installation . The factory replacement part from Chevy cost more , but you get what you pay for .
 Bought 2 as I did not think anyone could muck up a product as simple as this . WAS I WRONG . installed , as noted in other reviews the pin hole is too small . After installed , opened the door and it would not stay open . Then tried to remove the strap , pull to the outside and open the door all the way , the strap had opened so far on first use it would not come out , used needle nose pliers to crimp it far enough to get it out . Took out a second time , cleaned , reshaped and used some JB weld to see if I could stiffen it . worked once , all i have tried so far . Will see if it works again . Looked at the second one , I see a way to weld an extra strap of metal to add tension to the design but should I have to ??? Too thin and basically junk . How hard can it be to copy a functional part ??
 I had to drill out the hole for the pin and bushing to install the straps . All four straps failed the first time I opened the doors . The manufacturer replaced the defective straps , and three of the new straps failed as well . This is a poorly made product.The straps I previously purchased from my local GMC dealer worked correctly and lasted six years before needing replacement .
 Very poor quality . I had to drill the hole for the pin and sleeve to slide trough . It was out of round . The strap is much lighter made than the oem it just spread apart and wo n't `` spring '' back to catch the door after the first time opening the door .
 Ordered this to replace one i already had , arrived without the instructions touted in the advert . Much to my dismay i have been unable to get it to work .
 this pos doesnt even have an allen/hex key slot to hold the tie rod end shaft while tightening the nut it has a tiny dimple which no tool can possibly hold . . i tried multiple things including an impact gun and ultimately had to take my car to the shop . POS !
 Twice I received FAP brand rotors not Aimco . Amazon was great during the return and credit process .
 Mats sent was different from picture not worth the money , will not place a order with Coverking.Slow about returns , be careful you may not get what you pay for .
 First the good
 The floor mats do n't have the holes in them to hook onto - misleading man , misleading ... go somewhere else to buy your mats .
 Had to struggle a little to install it , finally after installing it worked great . Until later that they when I notice it wanst up . I took the whole thing apart an notice that the top part of the antenna the little ball looking thing had broke off causing the whole thing to fall in the antenna mast . I decided to go to the junk yard an get the original one for only me $ 1 .
 These covers were ordered and put on a new FJ Cruiser in mid-2007 . It is now May 2009 and they are really in bad shape . They , due to the heavy , shiny threads they are woven from , separate from the seams , shredding , I guess , would be the appropriate word . I have much cheaper , different type and brand on my Toyota Tacoma , for a longer period -LRB- at least another year longer -RRB- and they are still are holding up , with no splitting etc. . These Coverking 's are expensive , and were supposed to be heavy-duty , but ended up being a waste of a lot of money .
 This product makes tires black but does not shine AT ALL ! Save your money for a product that does what it promises . The older Turtle Wax Wet & Black used to be great but they changed that also to no longer work well !!
 Got some Turtle Wax Wet n ' Black Tire Shine spray at my local brick and mortar on special at about $ 3.50 . I wash my own cars and have tried several brands and prefer spray on tire finish products to wipe-off types , purely for the sake of practicality . Turtle Wax Wet n ' Black sprays on like Armor All protectant , and is quite watery , with the color and consistency of diluted milk . This product needs two applications for a more `` wet n ' black '' and glossy finish , which is what the directions indicate , but I was pretty disappointed at the results of one single application . Compared to products like Meguiars and Black Magic , Turtle Wax leaves a more more `` matte-like '' -LRB- read
 The picture shows you a pair of shocks and I only received one . It was very important and I had to waste time to ship it back and find somewhere else to purchase a pair of shocks . Why sell seperate shocks for around thirty bucks but this one is seventy just for one ? Well Bad call on this one .
 These covers were ordered and put on a new FJ Cruiser in mid-2007 . It is now May 2009 and they are really in bad shape . They , due to the heavy , shiny threads they are woven from , separate from the seams , shredding , I guess , would be the appropriate word . I have much cheaper , different type and brand on my Toyota Tacoma , for a longer period -LRB- at least another year longer -RRB- and they are still are holding up , with no splitting etc. . These Coverking 's are expensive , and were supposed to be heavy-duty , but ended up being a waste of a lot of money .
 The quality was not what I expected from the descriptionThey do not hold up
 I purchased a set of floor mats from Coverking -LRB- thru a reseller -RRB- for a Mercedes Benz 350SDL . When I received my product it appeared the product was for a Mercedes 350SD . Compared to the original floor mats , Coverkings front floor mats were ill cut and the rear mats were 5 '' short . I contacted the reseller who tried to contact Coverking various times , by phone and email , without success to remedy the situation . The reseller refunded my money in the end and apologized for the unfortunate experience , which was beyond their control . Coverking 's website indicates the product is for the 350 SDL which it clearly is not . I will not buy another Coverking product after this experience .
 The mats shown in the ad vs the mats I received are not the same . As I indicated in an earlier review the mats shown have eyelets for securing to the floor of the vehicle . My car 2010 Cadillac DTS has the catches in the floor for the mats with the eyelets . The mats I received do not have that feature . They tend to move and not be stationary .
 The Tripp Lite PV150 -LRB- 150 watts -RRB- delivers only 98 volts -LRB- no load -RRB- ; many laptops just shut off because of the low and out-of-spec AC voltage.The unit may be OK for drills , toasters , etc.Hopefully , the PV300 delivers decent AC voltage but check it before the inverter damages your laptop .
 I got this to power a 19in color tv that I had when I went camping and found out that not only counld it not run the tv -LRB- I later found out that you need 3 to 4 times the watts that was rated on the back of the tv to power it on -RRB- . My tv was rated at 125 watts but would not power it up and ended up blowing the fuse for my cig lighter in my car . Not good . Get one that is rated much higher then what you think you might be needing that way you will not have the same problem that I had .
 The mats where a bit faded like they 've `` been around for a while . '' But I guess the most disappointing thing is that the mats did NOT come with the holes that fit into the pegs on the floor of my ML500 . I probably need to call the company and complain but I 'm sure it 'll be some type of hassel to get it corrected .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Wood not cut very good . Big cracks in floor . Makes terrible lot of racket when pulled with 4 wheeler . Had to put in different floor , and rebrace sides so it did n't make so much racket . Tires cheap . I will upgrade tires at some point . Wheels run on shaft -LRB- not bearings -RRB- Did not sit level when hooked up . Had to cut part of tongue off and re-position hitch .
 This is a single formed vent hose , not the overflow hose pictured . I did not do my homework to confirm that part number was what I need . It is exactly Motorcraft KM4566 water outlet hose but it looks nothing like what is pictured . Go to a Ford replacement parts website and type in this part number to see what you are really getting . The hoses for the 3.9 L are complex with many different hoses and part numbers . Just do your homework before you spend your money and you will be fine .
 This gage is about 2psi low compared to my other gages thru middle of range .
 This lift support is OK for the cars it fits , but it does not fit '83 Escort as claimed because it has clips at both ends whereas the '83 has a bolt hole at one end . Probably it only fits the 1986-90 models .
 I urge everyone to double check their packages , I have ordered the correct part but amazon sent me another water pump , Amazon sent me this one instead . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The front shocks work great . The rear shocks act like solid steel . I might change my review if I learn how to resolve this problem . My car jumps like a bucking bronco over every significant bump or dip . I am trying to find if there is some adjustment that I failed to do but so far getting info is like getting teeth pulled . I still hold out hope that it is some adjustment and not just a very poor product . Also , if Gabriel sold this as an all-in-one product like they do for most other cars , I probably would not be having this terrible problem . Does anyone know more about this ? Contact me over at larrymuse.com if you have suggestions . Thanks , Larry
 We were excited about the prospect of a `` custom-fit '' seat cover and the price was right too . As we were installing the covers we noticed the covers were quite tight , which could be a good thing , but there was no stretch or give at all . During the installation process , without any abnormal pulling , the covers started to rip at the seams . Before anyone had even sat on the covers , there were large holes ripped in the seams . We immediately contacted Amazon who quickly offered to replace the covers for us . We thought -LRB- hoped ? -RRB- perhaps this might be an isolated incedent , but no such luck . The exact same thing happened with the next set . Apparently the price WAS too good to be true . Coverking must be able to keep the price low because of the quality of the fabric and stitching . Guess we 'll have to find some other way to keep our seats clean .
 I ordered seat covers for my Mazda 5 directly from CoverKing 's web site . The second and third row covers came within a couple weeks , but the front row covers took 34 days to arrive , with no explanation.Three pieces of the second and third row covers were sewn/assembled incorrectly . One seat bottom cover included two indentations for the seat belt buckle , one on each side . The rear seats have hinges to fold flat , each with both a narrow and a wide hinge - the covers came with two narrow hinge pieces on one , and two wide hinge pieces on the second . They need better quality control processes!I contacted customer support , and provided pictures of the problem areas . Customer support seems to generally take several days to respond to inquiries . Instead of offering to take care of the issue , they insisted they needed additional pictures of the car before they would do anything . After receiving the pictures , they needed several numbers from the shipping boxes , which of course had been discarded by this point . Apparently , the order number alone is not enough for them to process replacements?So , I still have three pieces that do n't fit , and while they finally agreed to prioritize sewing new covers , it will be another week or two before they arrive . * If * they make the replacement covers correctly , it will have been at least 50 days from the time I placed my order , to when I finally have everything installed.On the positive side , the covers seem to fit well , except for the arm rest pieces - they 're significantly baggy . No seams ripped while installing , and they 're relatively easy to secure . Not sure how they 'll last in the long term , but so far , spills wipe up easily .
 This was VERY BAD DEAL ! One drum was out of round and needed to be turned . Totally unacceptable quality . I suggest no one purchase these parts or any thing from this company .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 If you 're looking for the solenoid for the Holley 6280 , this ai n't it . This is for the Holley-Webers used on the 2.2 L 4 banger . The 2 bbl . Holley on the 318s in the M-bodies and Dakotas is different , and there IS no SMP replacement for them . Tomco 's supposed to have some in production next year , and you can yours rebuilt . I found some OEM solenoids . Contact me for more info .
 ONLY REASON THIS PRODUCT GETS A STAR IS AMAZON WANTS SOME SORT OF RATING . DO N'T BUY THIS JUNK ! PITTED WITHIN MONTHS OF PURCHASE . HEARD NOTHING FROM PUTCO IN REGARDS TO RETURN AND REPLACEMENT OR REFUND . BUYER BEWARE , DO N'T BUY THIS VERY CHEAP PLASTIC JUNK !
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The brush began falling apart on the first use and only lasted about 6 washes . I lost more and more chunks of the horse hair every time I used it . If it stayed together it would be a nice brush .
 I bought this product to use on my 2005 Tacoma because it was advertised to be a good fit . The assemly does not fit right and the instructions say I may have to alter my truck . Give me a break ! After I thought I had the rack on the back end of my truck pretty tight I went out for a drive and it fell off ! Glad it landed in the bed and that my kyak was not on it .
 What you see is not what you get . Read carefully . I bought something better for much less more on craigslist .
 The way this item was advertized is as all four support towers and both laod bars , what I received was two support towers and the end caps to the load bars ... the load bars that are not included . After receiving this item I found everything is sold separately
 I havent received this item yet and i ordered it over a month ago . I cant find a customer service number and when i track the order it says that it is still in transit .
 the back seats area / / it did not fit / / will have to cup up or / / will have to return if I can find the info / no paper work came with box / shipment split
 This item is just OK , It is hard to read in day light . Night time reading is fine . This is a inexpensive guage and I find it hard to get a quality item like this no matter what the price is . It seems everything made now days is just cheap junk . What happened to `` Made In America With Pride '' We need to get back our country and start making stuff here ... stuff that works for a long time !!!
 I have been a loyal Mr. Clean Autodry customer for 4 years , loved it but now you have to overpay to get replacement filters and soap . Great product that P&G does n't support , so you need to go to eBay or Amazon and pay more than we did when it was in Kmart . The current sellers got this product from wholesale liqidators at 10 % cost and now you need to pay through the nose to get the stuff you need to make this work .
 I was very upset about the way this order was handled . I get a letter telling me that you were unable to locate this product , over a month after I ordered it . I could give you 10 sites you could find this item , which I will go to one of those sites to do that .
 Do n't buy this product , you will end up with more water spots than before , you will waste more water than with a normal wash , and you will always have to buy the filter and soap every 10 times of use.Also I takes more time to clean a car with this system than with a bucket , in average it takes me to clean a car 45 minutes , and with this system I clean a car in over 1 hour and 10 minutes , not included the time it takes me to dry for water spots left in the car.Steps to clean a car with a bucket and water :1 - Remove dirt with a sponge and water2 - Dry the carSteps to clean a car with Mr Clean1 - Rinse the car2 - Rinse the car with soap3 - Remove dirt with a sponge4 - Rinse the car to remove soap5 - Use the filter option to rinse the car with purified water -LRB- this takes a lot of time because the pressure is low and you need to be sure to rinse all the car very slowly -RRB- If you see there are a lot of steps in the Mr Clean autodry system , that is why it takes more time to clean it.Belive me , this system do n't work as advertise , even they have a money back guarantee it will cost you more to return it .
 The holes were very much off and I had to scramble to buy one elsewhere . . i sent this one back , but I have yet to see a refund . . A minimal loss .
 After properly replacing my both my sockets , I drove for less than to hours with my head lights on , when I found that the low beam contacts both melted , and my lights simply went out .
 I purchased this product for $ 14.68 about a week ago ... the price is now $ 24.99 . I thought it would be nice to charge my iPod and I could use the regular input for a phone charger etc.At the time of purchase the description said `` USB power port for charging phones and other electronics '' . Well , that 's not the case . There IS a location where you could potentially charge through USB but that port has been blocked off . There is irremovable plastic over top of the port . It 's almost like this is a lower end version of the real thing and you have to pay a little extra for the additional USB slot accessory.I just finished boxing it up and it 's headed to the UPS Store tomorrow . I will not be keeping the product . Sorry , but I never tested it out to see if the normal jack worked . I was too angered by the fact that it had no USB .
 WRONG SIZE WRONG SIZE WRONG SIZE AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET SOME CUSTOMER SERVICE PEOPLE THAT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING !!!!!!
 could not power up my 17 '' laptop , bought the next one up and worked fine
 just recieved this item in the mail -LRB- amazon prime 2 day shipping -RRB- and the rubber around part of the tie rod looks worn down like if it was used or roughly handled not sure why it is like this ... kinda worried to attach this on my car , but at the same time I think it will do the job just have to test it out on my car I guess ...
 It is no as powerful as a Lightforce or a Warn auxiliary light . Half the cost , though . Looks great in my 4 runner
 2004 F250 Superduty 6.0 L Diesel140 ,000 miles : I had to use a torch and a press to remove the stock ones . The new ones were really easy to install and will be easy to replace down the road . This stopped the knocking in my front end .145,000 miles
 All the trouble required to even use these makes it a moot point . I returned them and purchased the entire assembly . Was n't that much more $ $ and easy install .
 I had to return the gear for the following reasons
 Placed the order for a 2007 Prius using the online vehicle selector and was sent a cover for a much smaller car so the cover did not fit and had to be returned . The material is a highly reflective silver that is very bright like a Mylar space blanket . In the past the type of material has made the greatest difference in longevity with the expensive ones lasting up to 10 years on my cars and cheaper ones lasting 2-3 years regardless of the color of the car cover .
 This module does not work where the gray module is on the vehicle . At least in my case it did n't .
 The antenna seemed like a good idea , but living in a rural area it is not tall enough to bring in any stations .
 Placed the order for a 2007 Prius using the online vehicle selector and was sent a cover for a much smaller car so the cover did not fit and had to be returned . The material is a highly reflective silver that is very bright like a Mylar space blanket . In the past the type of material has made the greatest difference in longevity with the expensive ones lasting up to 10 years on my cars and cheaper ones lasting 2-3 years regardless of the color of the car cover .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Contacted the manufacture before purchasing this light . I inquired regarding using this as a back up light upside down on the back of my tractor . I had yet to drive the tractor or use the light due to rain that weekend . The following weekend I went out and noticed my light was half full of water . To top it off after I removed the water , the silver was gone . Needless to say I was not happy .
 The item arrived but was missing the mounting hardware for one of the lights . They both will be return in the morning .
 I purchased this lamp for the purposes of mounting it on the rear of my GMC 2500 Savana Cutaway with a 12ft . Trademaster box . The Trademaster bumper has two reverse lights that do not through enough light to see anything in the side mirrors when backing up . I was expecting a flood-style work light , with light evenly thrown everywhere.I mounted it just above the right rear door hinges , just above the drip rail . At approximately 10 feet up , and pointed about 10-12 feet out , it leaves a definitive wide , but narrow , light pattern . Imagine a flashlight that has an intense spot in the middle of its beam , with some scattered light around it . Now , widen that spot . When looking in the mirrors , I saw the ends of the intense area on the ground , and the surrounding area was slightly illuminated from the scattered light . I had spent some time prior to ordering these on various other websites , but found nothing referencing the type of beam this produced.The light itself is high quality . The hinge stays tight and does n't let the head flop down . It has one wire exiting the housing ; the negative is conducted through the metal mount . If you 're attaching it to a fiberglass or plastic structure , you will need to connect the ground accordingly.The one star is n't necessarily due to Amazon 's product description ; it 's meant for Hella 's . It would be great if automotive lights included dimensional lumen renderings like commercial light fixture manufacturers do to help illustrate the beam pattern . Nonetheless , for backing up , and for working under this fixture at the back of the truck , the light is too concentrated .
 This looks like a great product -- if only it fit our 16 '' travel trailer tires ... even though it advertises that it fits 16 '' tires ... sorry but had to return it . Thank you .
 Bought this item to secure our small travel trailer . It has 15 '' wheels and based on the description -- `` recreational and industrial trailers , ATV 's , small vehicles , boat trailers , and motor home trailers . Fits 13 inch to 16 inch wheels . '' -- I expected it would fit . It fits the diameter all right , but the width is grossly wider -LRB- 10 '' -RRB- than our small tire . Altho it would likely work for a fat ATV tire , it is ill-suited to a tire on a small vehicle.Returning from a camping trip -- having left the oversized wheel club at home -- I find that AutoBarn is not responding to my repeated requests for a return auth . Worse , it looks like the fine print of Amazon 's A-Z return policy says that I only had 14 days to request a return.I guess I 'm out of luck . But beware the inaccurate size information in the ad ! There are other options and most if not all of those show the product on a tire . This one does n't .
 Bought this item to secure a trailer . The design is very good but the materials used are not very good . I felt like a Sawzall would make short work of cutting this off of the wheel . Low price but next time I will spend more money to get a better product .
 I selected this product to prevent my car trailer from being stolen/towed away . I 'm told that even with locking the hitch , thieves can fasten onto the hitch area via chain and move the trailer.The Club Wheel Immobilizer 1 -RRB- does not prevent the lugnuts from being removed , as the thieves COULD have another spare ready to install . 2 -RRB- The metal structure just apears lightweight and easy to defeat . 3 -RRB- The lock looks easy to defeat . -LRB- Unfounded , untested opinions -RRB- I selected the product because of its relatively inexpensive cost . In this case maybe you do get what you pay for ??????????? I RETURNED the product to AMAZON !!!!!!!!
 I bought this to replace a faulty Exhaust Gas Recirculation Valve on my '96 Geo Metro , but when it arrived it did n't test to the specifications required in the OEM repair manual . I sent it back and received a replacement but it also failed the volt-meter tests . Did not function as it is supposed to . It would seem these parts are factory seconds being sold as new/functional parts.In the end I had to request a refund because neither of the parts I was sent worked or resolved the computer error code . A big waste of time .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 The clips that hold onto the vehicle were very weak . Just trying to push on the arm the clips folded in and were useless after that . Would not recommend these to anyone ! Waste of money !
 My experience with the StrongArm 4782 Jeep Cherokee Lift Supports was that the clips used to hold the supports in place -LRB- different from the OEM supports -RRB- are poorly designed and cheaply made , which made them easily damaged by installation . I had to drill holes and use a pin , like the original supports , to hold them in place .
 I bought these to replace the original tie rod ends on my 97 Corolla.My previous purchases of Moog tie rod ends always had grease fitting.These parts do no have any means to install a grease fitting . Also , pressing on the boot , there appears to be little grease that was installed in these.Major fail . Do n't buy these , find another brand that has grease fittings on the tie rod ends .
 Surface has to be completely flat for suction to hold . Could n't get it to hold for the small dent on my car .
 Had a small dent in my new car and thought this might pop it out . While it did help some , it did not completely remove the dent .
 Honestly , I bought this for a small push-in on my highlander - not a creased dent , not a rough surface or anything . This suction cup barely even held onto a perfectly smooth metal surface . I ca n't even get ti stick to a metal door to get it out of the way . It 's quite lame
 I had a dent from where someone backed into my rear fender when I was parked that I wanted to pull out . Unfortunately , this product could not generate suction due to the shape of the dent . I tried wetting it etc , but unless the suction cup can cover a flat surface it would not work . It was a rather large dent , so I was surprised that it would not seal properly . You are probably better off ` hammering ' from the backside to pop the dent back out -LRB- if you can get access -RRB- .
 When I ordered it , I was skeptical that I could get something that could pull a small dent out for the price of this item . I should have listened to my gut . This item is made of cheap plastic and literally has no suction power/ability at all , no matter if you use it with a little water to try and make it stick or not . It looks and works like a toy.Needless to say , it did n't work at all on the small dent I have on my car .
 Just got it today . Amazon did an amazing job of shipping quickly even on free shipping rate.The tool itself is okay . But the box is really cheap . one of the tool does n't even fit in the slot that it is supposed to go into . When i first open it , almost all the tools on one side fall out . The plastic feel and smells cheap too . It reads `` made in China '' everywhere ...
 Tools seem to be okay , but the wire stripper is horrible . Needle nose does n't fit where it 's supposed to go , tools constantly fall out , and the case `` hinge '' on one side was broken when it arrived . A day later the other one cracked so now it 's two separate halves .
 I thought at $ 50.00 . There would be some quality to this set . WOW was I wrong . the case has the quality of a cheap toy and the tools are a joke . My girlfriend threw out the box so I can not even return it . Tools fall out , the pliers came with a small amount of rust on it and the smaller socket wrench is garbage . I could n't believe how long it took me to ratchet one belt on a newly purchased snow blower . I can only hope to get someone else to buy it off me for half of what I paid for it . I now know to read comments about products before I make any purchases . In my opinion this set is good for nothing . not even for an occasional usage . Extremely unhappy that I wasted 50 on this . If you are looking for a set . Get craftsman . For $ 100 you can buy a great set that will last a lifetime and a have lifetime warranty . I know this because I got a great set from Sears for that price . Fyi it is only sockets and wrenches . No pliers or electrical tester . One more thing . The tire gauge came in the box all dented . What a joke . Please take my advice and pass over this cheap cheap
 I gave Quick Steel a try on my muffler . On the left side , a muffler hanger has rusted loose . On the other side , the inlet pipe has separated from the muffler.I sanded the rust away and I did a good job . I mixed the Quick Steel in small amounts . It set up hard and the repair looked fine . But , the very next day , while driving around the patches failed and my muffler is swinging in the breeze again.What a waste ! It says right on the package that Quick Steel is supposed to work up to 500 degrees Fahrenheit and it 's supposed to work on mufflers . They 're wrong about that . It did n't even last one day . In this case , quick means quick to fail.I 've decided if the folks who make something are n't bright enough to spell a simple word such as quick properly , they 're not bright enough to understand materials science or chemistry .
 Very difficult to use on a 750 Shadow ACE . It 's lowest height should be an inch shorter and the supports an inch longer . It will BARELY fit the frame .
 ***** Listen Up All You Amateurs ***** What you REALLY need , for hours of service on real-world `` appliances '' is a `` bucket of high-Ah SLA 's '' -LRB- i.e. high AmpHour SealedLeadAcid batteries -RRB- and a separate power inverter -LRB- DC to AC power inverter -RRB- . This will wind up weighing 200 + pounds , and it is NOT `` portable '' ... I repeat it is NOT portable unless you have a pet pack mule ... this Xantrex-on-wheels is for brewing coffee in the morning , not powering useful devices for hours during a blackout ... ***** Did You Get That ? ***** The original review follows -- Continuous power rating is 1350W , not 1500W . Most units have 3x17Ah = 51Ah , not 3x21Ah = 63Ah capacity . Loads approaching the rating will deplete the batteries in a matter of minutes , not hours -- better read up on this one at Xantrex 's website before getting soaked for $ 400 thinking you can , e.g. , run a normal fridge for hours during a blackout -- you ca n't , and you 'll need a `` noisy generator '' anyway to recharge this unit and run other loads.UPDATE
 This item worked well for a short time but you had better keep an eye on it . I left it in a temperature controlled environment and initially checked it every month for charge . I got a little complacent and let three months pass without checking it , needed it during a power outage and , as luck would have it - it was completely dead . Apparently one of the cells in a battery shorted . This caused a complete discharge of both batteries . You would think the system could monitor this for the $ 300 price .
 I use the power pack as backup in my truck , so I do n't have to drain the starting batteries . I thought that 1500 watt inverter would be plenty . First complaint is that the battery is only 51ah . Basically it will run 40 watts for 9 hours , so you can watch t.v for 9 hours it has a dc outlet so you can use that . The inverter has a annoying alarm when the battery gets to low . You can run a microwave for about 10 minutes and then you have to recharge again . Recharge time 8hours using the car and 12 hours using the house . So as far as back up power I would not want to be caught with this power pack in a power outage , unless you just plan on watching t.v. or charging you cell phone and no usb either . 2 stars
 We purchased the Xantrex 802-1500 XPower 1500 Watt Portable Powerpack in September 2011 . We fully charged it upon receiving it and charged it 3 or 4 times over this last year and did n't have an opportunity to use it until Hurricane Sandy last week . It lasted only an hour with a refrigerator and small radio plugged into it . It would not recharge and had an awful odor while charging . We have had a 1000 watt Xantrex in the past and were very pleased with it and used it for 4 years . That was why we chose Xantrex , but the 1500 watt did not stand up to our expectations .
 What a bad experience ! Xantrex brand has been discredited with this product.It has inside 3 batteries of 17 ampers each and they come discharged , and never charge.If you buy a Xantrex 1500 XPower , you will lost your money .
 2nd one I purchased , batteries discharge while plugged into wall.Had the very same problem with first one then batteries went dead after 2 years.This thing really sucks !!!!
 I 've had my Xantrex 1500 now for about two years , came home today and the house smelled of something electrically hot . After searching I found that the Xantrex 1500 was the source of the odor , and I noticed the case felt very warm . I rolled it outside and removed the top cover . There are three AGM batteries inside and one of them was extremely hot to the touch and had split open with electrolyte leaking out . The other two batteries looked OK . The odor was the hot battery.Glad it did n't start a fire .
 Worked fine the first couple of times . Now it does not hold the charge . Do n't know if this is typical of this product line . May have to look at sending it back .
 This is the second 1500 I purchased . I returned the first one and now the second one is working . I own two of the 600 's which outperform the 1500 . Very disappointed with this product . Buyer beware !
 After several bouts with basement flooding because of heavy rains and no power , we bought this because we wanted to be make sure that our sump pump would come on after the power went out -- even if we were not home . Turns out that wo n't work . If you leave the sump pump plugged into the fully charged unit , it will drain the battery completely -- even if the sump pump never comes on . So , you have to be home to switch to the backup power source . Not really worth the $ 300 + at all .
 The unit failed after I owned it only five weeks . I was only actually used it a few times for short durations . I tried to use it one day and the fault light was illuminated and no ac power was coming out of the outlets . I returned it for repair or replacement 3 weeks ago after receiving a RMA number . I contacted Xantrex and they say they do n't know anything about it , and the RMA number is not in there system . The customer support is impossible to get on the phone , and email support takes days to get back to you . They do offer to sell you another unit for 40 % off though instead of sending me a replacement.UPDATE
 We purchased the 1500 Watt power pack . The only appliance connected to it was an answering machine . It was charged daily for about 8 hours . 3 weeks later the battery would no longer charge . Sent it back and have not heard anything . They are very hard to get in touch with
 This is a great idea , badly executed . We bought one three years ago as a true emergency generator . We have a medical device that requires power , and our area is known for outages during the summer . But since we bought it , we have not needed to use it . We followed all manufacturer instructions for when leaving it sit idle , yet the batteries died anyway and the inverter fried itself . Replacing these cost more than buying a new unit . One of the batteries must also have developed a small leak -LRB- due to the summer heat , perhaps -RRB- , and when I went to try to replace the batteries , there was corrosion all over the terminals and cables . I have to think that keeping the unit inside might not be a good idea if this happens to you , because of the potential for gas and acid release.Xantex customer service is nearly non-existent and is geared only to selling replacement parts -LRB- but NOT batteries , which you have to look for elsewhere -RRB- . I really wish this thing worked , as a silent indoor generator is a wonderful notion . Too bad . We 're still stuck with gasoline units and long extension cords .
 After searching for a battery powerpack I was excited to find this product . After receiving it I followed the manufacturer 's recommendations and plugged the unit in overnight . The next day , nothing - no power . I went to a Xantrex forum and found that sometimes a battery needs 7 days of charging to restore it . I plugged it in for 7 days and , nothing , totally dead . I am still waiting for a call tag from Amazon for return .
 This product did not work for me . The first powerpack would not charge from the AC Charger 5 because supposedly the battery sat too long on the shelf and became totally dead . I was sent a replacement and that one did the same thing after it tried to charge for a minute or so . I returned both powerpacks for a complete refund .
 I have a Xantrex Xpower 1500 and the inverter alarm light comes on with nothing plugged into it and the batteries fully charged . I contact Xantrex to see about replacing the inverter and they do n't sell repair parts . They did however offer me a customer discount on a new unit - Do n't Think So !
 Bought , Charged , Used once , died . Contacted company , They sent out another companies batteies -LRB- which I had to install ... Big Pain -RRB- . Again Charged , used over night , died in mid use , Recharged would not charge . Let for day . Discharge completely , Attempted to charge again . No lights , indiocating no charge . Attempoted to use , NO go . And all I was tring to use was a small 110 VOlt low wattage lamp . Never get me to buy from them again .
 I purchased this tool to help me remove 32 lug nuts from a Ford F350 Super Duty . These nuts were all torqued to 148 ft. lbs . with a certified Proto torque wrench with a very light coating of oil on the threads . This tool would not budge these lug nuts . My wife 's Taurus has its lug nuts torqued to 100 ft. lbs . with the same Proto certified torque wrench . Same result . Once the lug nuts were removed , I used the tool to install the nuts . As best I can determine , the torque applied was around 80 ft. lbs . Quite a bit different from the 240 ft. lbs . advertised . My advise is to look elsewhere .
 This advertiser is repersenting this tool has the most torque of any cordless impact wrench 240 ft lbs of torque.Dewalt has 300 Ft lbs of lbs on its DW059 cordless impact wrench.I 'm not saying which impact wrench is superior just that it has more torque.Maybe seller made a mistake , but truth in advertising is important and the public should be aware .
 If you 're looking for a cordless impact drill to get those frozen , rusted , threadlocked or just plain difficult nuts and bolts -- this impact drill is NOT what you want.I do n't care how this Milwaukee impact drill is rated , I have found it totally useless for anything needing * Tool Time * power . It was back to breaker bars and pipe extensions.What a total waste of money .
 We purchased these for our SUV and were disappointed . If we had to do over again , we would purchase Huffy liners like we have for our truck .
 I bought this product for my son 's jeep for Christmas.while putting it on it immediatly ripped . Made of cheap material . Do not but !!!
 Cover pretty much sucks . The color was peeling off before I even used it . I would n't recommend this cheap crap .
 It says pack of 3 and I definitely only got one in the package . For almost $ 10 it 's not worth it .
 While attempting to put this item on the tire one whole section ripped . It seemed as if it wasnt properly sewn . I believe if you select a tire cover with a zipper it will work better . I have several others that i never had a problem with.Just my luck !
 the first one I got the paint was coming off the letter p and s and the white is missing around the word packers . . the second one i got the white is missing from around the word packers . . I was n't even going to try a 3rd one.They got me but never again !!!
 Well getting to the point on the Distributor cap , I was very disappointed to know while doing the job on my friends car , THE DISTRIBUTOR CAP is NOT ! the correct one for this Vehicle and I gave all of the correct information , ALSO I was sent THE WRONG DIST . ROTOR
 I bought this seatbelt to replace a middle seatbelt in the back seat of my Mitsubishi Montero . Installation was n't too bad , but once it was installed , I buckled the belt and gave it a gentle pull - and the belt unlatched . I tried several times from different angles and it continued to pull apart with almost no resistance . Total failure I 'd say .
 You would think a `` technology company '' like amazon could at least have the correct picture . The picture shows a `` Nifty '' brand mat that is nothing like the cheap husky mat they send you . Three tries and talking to an offshore call center and they still do n't get it . THE PICTURE IS WRONG . REPEAT WRONG . WHAT THEY SHIP YOU LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE BECAUSE IT IS A DIFFERNT BRAND AND DESIGN THAN WHAT IS IN THE PICTURE.Unbelievable bad service in straightening this out . Bezos and the bozos who work for him need to be drug tested.I 'm selling my stock in this lame company . Try hiring Americans who at least know a car mat from a bowl of curry
 Unless I missed something in the description you would have to be to buy this . This item is avalable at your local hardware store for between 4.99 and 6.99 . -LRB- same brand , same item code -RRB- I sell them from my service truck for 3.49 per tube and feel guilty . The product itself is great.The recommended item in the add -LRB- the grease gun -RRB- is for different cartriges as noted in one of the other reviews .
 List price is $ 110.79 , so you are getting an incredible deal on this -- along with the bridge I have for sale for a mere $ 10,000 . Buy now !
 The product itself is just fine but I aquired it because I was buying a grease gun and they recommended purchasing the grease , too . When I got the products , the grease cartridges were not the same size for the gun I had bought .
 It does not light very brightly , however , it is easy enough to see in the dark . That is until the switch that turns it on when the light fades broke . Now it does n't light at all unless I tap on it . It took about 3 month 's for it to break .
 I see the other reviewer was able to obtain additional numbers , I was not . I can not use the item because they only send 2 of each number and my attempts to get just 1 more number 5 were completely ignored . Do n't waste your money , there are similar items on Amazon and mostly for less money .
 do n't buy it.no wonder there is only a 30 day garanteelike one of the other reviewers said i have had it only one and a half months and it will not turn on at night anymore . the batteries are being charged and are makeing contact in the battery holder . the switch that turns it on is not working anymore .
 this address sign is the biggest we have purchased and hoped it would be easy to see . the problem is it wont stay on more than a few hours at night after a sunny day . if it was cloudy it doesnt come on at all . the way you attach the numbers is very flimsy and they warp some in the case with temperature changes . the outside case itself is sturdy and looks better than several we have seen . the detachable solar collector is a nice feature but we never used it . it may just have bad batteries so we will change them and see what happens but they came wrapped in a separate package so i doubt that is the problem.its too bad it didnt work as we bought it for my wifes 85 year old mother .
 We purchased this house number sign two years ago . We live in the country and needed a house number sign that could be seen from the road . Well ... when it was in it 's prime , the numbers were dim at best , even though it faced full sun every day . Now it not only does not work -- the clear plastic cover that goes over the numbers is so faded and cloudy that you ca n't even see the numbers in the day light . For the money , I would not recommend it .
 The solar lights are sufficient , however , the issues I had were with the black and clear alpha and numeric characters that come with the sign . There are insufficient quanities for a four didget house i.e. 1234 there is only one black plackard when two are needed . I had to use a black electrical tape to blockout one numeric character to balance the sign . The numeric characters are not easy to put in place and one has already -LRB- after a month -RRB- slipped and needs to be reapplied . Im thinking of super glue to hold those numbers in place . Had I not had a good discount I would not have purchased this item , nor would I recommend it to others for the reasons I 've stated
 Over all good quality , but I wish it was came in a larger size it is a little snug for my tire .
 They will most likely send you whatever size they have on their shelf , and it probably wo n't fit your steering wheel . The product itself is good . I found one recently at an auto parts store that was the right size .
 Product received was not the product I ordered . It was also the wrong color . Instead of the sport grip lace around cover in black I received a tan super skin cover that laces in the middle only . The product was inexpensive , so I will not go to the trouble of returning it for a correct one , but I 've always had very good luck with Amazon before and am very disappointed .
 This a good product in terms of quality and feel for the price you pay . But the color is not remotely close to tan . It turns to be a hideous orangish brownish color . I just got it and put it on . Easy to install and stuff but the color is too glaring too ignore . I will keep it on until I do n't get annoyed with the color and also until I can withstand the ridiculing from my friends that I will surely get because of this steering wheel . I guess it is not the dealers mistake per se , but they could have included more pictures of the actual product , after pulling it out of the box . The 2 stars is just for the color if not I would give it a 4 stars .
 I purchased this water pump due to years of positive first-hand experience with Gates automotive products - primarily their belts and hoses , but recently a timing kit as well . In this case however I was disappointed to find the `` new '' water pump with a mounting surface that was scored and with numerous nicks and scrathes . On top of that the packaging was sub-par to say the least . Inside the shiny Gates branded box -LRB- the nicest looking item -RRB- was the water pump , a gasket and nothing else . Given the box was three times bigger than my particular water pump the pump had obviously been bouncing around inside the box for the hundreds of miles it travelled in shipping here and there putting countless indentations on the inside of the box and pounding the gasket into a flimsy , useless item.Perhaps I was the victim of someone elses product switch and return , but I will never know since inquiries to Gates sales and support for packaging and/or product identification information went unanswered . Gates web site promotes the quality packaging and features of their `` new '' water pump versus buying a remanufactured item , but since I never received a response from them I have no reason to believe these claims are anything more than marketing hype . Perhaps the pump itself would have lasted fine , and perhaps with sealant the mounting surface would n't have leaked , but what I received seems far from a quality , new item .
 You might look to buy a better battery connection spreader . The two holes on each side of the handle took strength away and split at one of the holes after the third time I used it on a standard battery terminal connection and I really did n't squeeze that hard . After 3 months the return window is up and return postage will eat up the cost of this inexpensive tool . You get what you pay for and I 'm looking for a better spreader and will expect to spend more money.Next time I will buy a battery connection spreader with solid handles and no holes for rivets down the middle of the handles . I 've found several on the market today like this one on Amazon..E-Z RED -LRB- EZRBK720IM -RRB- Battery Terminal Spreader
 I bought this product last year and this is the first chance I got to use it and immediately broke . Its made with inferior materials and the rivet broke while trying to spread the terminal . I will unfortunately be stuck with the cost of to replace the unusable tool .
 I read the reviews -- some good , , some bad . Ordered one anyway , , if it lasts 2 - 3 times its great !! Well -- I should have listened , read closely.For cleaning its ok . ` For spreading the terminal its terrible . ! . Does not work as a spreader.The handle has 4 rivets holding it in line - together , The top rivet busted while spreading my terminal with the result of the handle collapsing.For those of you who are card carrying cheap - drill the rivets out replace with stainless bolts.I do not have the time or the patience to reinvent the spreader so I ordered the E-Z Red Battery Terminal Spreaderas its all one piece -LRB- make that 2 pieces pls - but not riveted ! -RRB- To the distributor -- you need to use this 2-3 times , after that lesson , , get the Chinese to use better quality rivets - a lot better quality rivets !! While at it put some plastic on the handles to save the hands !! Raise the price , improve the quality , or face a lot of returns !
 Title for my review says it all - they broke the first time I tried to use them . I inserted into the battery terminal , grabbed the handle , squeezed , and the handles both collapsed . One side broke just above the 2nd rivet . I just tossed them in the garbage and ran up the street to Autozone to buy a different set.Stay away ! FAR away !
 This thing is Chinese made and it is made of pot metal . I broke the first time I used it . Do n't buy it .
 Bought both StrongArm 4951R & 4951L for my 95 Camry Wagon to replace the OEM lift supports that were worn out . Fit and installation were OK , but the mounting bracket welded to the end of both cylinders broke with minimal use -LRB- probably around 10-12 cycles -RRB- . -LRB- Yes , the brackets were installed correctly . -RRB- It appears that the cylinders were forced to rotate some as the liftgate closed , twisting and weakening the brackets , with them very quickly breaking completely off . I replaced the broken StrongArm supports with Monroe 901421 & 901422 which seem to be holding up OK .
 They may as well have sent a Browns Tire Cover . If you 're ordering this because you wan a tire cover with just the Steerers logo , you will be disappointed . The actual cover does not look anything like the picture they show.I will be even more annoyed if they do not cover the return shipping costs .
 I just received the second one as a replacement and have the same problem . For some reason their is white paint transfer onto black portions of the tire cover -LRB- I ca n't clean it off with a wet rag -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's due to how it 's stored or if they fold it up before the printing is set/dry , but this occurred with the first -LRB- which I returned -RRB- and the replacement I received . It seems as though they lack quality control to check the item before it 's shipped.I do n't normally write reviews , but I felt this warranted one as a warning . It is obvious from a 5 feet away the white paint on black . If it was only noticeable from a foot away I 'd deal with it.If this was corrected I would order another one . I like the look and otherwise think it 's a great looking tire cover .
 Not worth the money.Handles I received are CHROME NOT STAINLESS STEEL . Tubes are extremely thin wall , and screws are substandard . Screw holes were drilled with proper size bit , yet the heads broke off two screws before they were tight , and three screws rounded the heads before they were tight . There was more than sufficient depth for the screws , they did not break from bottoming out , they broke because they are low quality.All screws were replaced with stainless steel screws from hardware store.I should have returned them for a refund , but it 's not worth the hassle since I travel for work.My unbiased opinion , junk .
 I started using this stuff to repair auto-seat leather , bought it at Houston Auto Show originally ~ 2002 . Did a good job on the seats , although I never could get a straight story from the ladies who were the dealer . They said something about it was some kind of ultrarefined lanolin -LRB- asked on 2-3 different occasions -RRB- . If that 's so , why does it smell like lighter fluid?That maybe should have tipped me off , but using it daily on shoes , it is the EASIEST shine I ever got . Just put on a very light coat daily , rub it in lightly , and you 're ready to go
 I was hoping this cover would provide more `` grip '' as my steering wheel is irritatingly slippery -LRB- especially when it 's cold -RRB- . The rubber parts do the job but the leatherlike vinyl material between the three rubber bits is just as slippery as my plastic wheel . In addition , the threading between the rubber and vinyl material is rapidly unravelling . Oh well , you get what you pay for and at least it partially works . Plus , my little nephew thinks the Superman `` S '' is kewl ... : D
 Not happy with the whole experience with this particular item . First , I received a damaged item , I returned it , the replacement was also damaged , I returned it as well . Then , I got an e-mail saying that I will get a reimbursement for the item and that the item will not be replaced . A few days later -LRB- on 11/30 -RRB- , I got another e-mail confirming receiving the returned item and saying that it will be replaced . As of today 12/12 I have n't received anything nor have I seen a credit made to my Credit Card .
 Maybe I received a bad set but these are terrible . Lighting pattern looked like an eyebrow . With the projector lens I expected so much more . I am glad I tested before mounting .
 Bought these for my '09 Prius and found that they do n't fit the driver side . -LRB- Purchased the rear one as well and it fit with some difficulty . -RRB- Tried to save my money , but just wound up wasting it . Not sure if it 's Amazon 's product finder / matching or the product itself . Back to buying a new Bosch set .
 I have used Anco wipers in the past and ignored the reviews that said they were poor quality and did not clear the windshield . Live and learn . I installed them on my 2007 Honda Accord and they did not conform to the contour of the windshield and do not clear the glass well . After about 3 weeks in the hot sun , they did adapt some to the shape of the windshield , and now clear a larger area . But they are noisy and still not as good as the Honda blades . I also installed them on my 2010 Toyota Rav4 ; they clear a pretty good portion of the windshield , but are noisy and not as good as the original . I 'm going to the dealers and get the OEM blades and throw these away .
 I second the earlier comment that these blades do not work on a Honda Accord -LRB- I have a 2006 -RRB- . While the 26 '' blade is the correct size , the blade support/guide on the driver 's side causes the entire right side of the blade to permanently lift off of the windshield . There is no fix that I 'm aware of , other than getting a different brand . In my case , Rain-X Latitude beam wipers , which do n't have this issue . I note that the Valeo 600 wipers , which CR loves , also do n't work .
 This blade does not fit my 2004 acura tsx . The blade is the proper length but does not bend properly to make sufficient contact on the middle portion of the windshield . Thus , I am left to be annoyed by streaks in the middle and upper driver side portion of my windshield which defeats the safety purpose of having a functionining wiper blade . Highly disappointed that amazon does not filter this blade from being recommended to me as fitting my car .
 I had high hopes for these wiper blades , but within a month of installing the blades they are streaking and rubbing across the windshield . I thoroughly washed the windshield , and applied rain X but they are still horrible . I will be throwing these out and upgrading to a better blade .
 I have no idea why I did n't bother to read the reviews -LRB- I usually do -RRB- but this wiper does NOT correctly function on a 2006 -LRB- and other compatible year -RRB- Honda Accord . I just put it on this morning , and it only ends up wiping about 1/2 of the windshield on the drivers side . It really is n't the fault of the wiper OR the car , as each is designed well , unfortunately , they just were n't designed well for each other .
 This seems to be a universal issue with the blade not fitting into the guide on the arm properly . It is not an Amazon issue as I bought mine elsewhere using the Anco parts book to determine the blade that should fit my car .
 This wiper does not fit a Honda CRV 2008 model as the Amazon Parts finder says . This is wrong information and I brought a wiper and it was useless . There is a metallic curve in Honda vehicles and Anco wipers are made in a general fashion and do n't fit ! Total waste of money and time ... and I have the Amazon Part finder to blame!Anco - 31 Series Wiper Blade , 26 '' -LRB- 31-26 -RRB-
 I have the same problem installing the driver side wiper on my 2007 Accord as the previous reviewer . As cq08 said , the issue is with the guide located on the car 's attachment arm , not on Anco 's wiper blade . The guide is used to stabilize the wiper blade and make sure it does n't wobble when it 's in use . Attaching the wiper itself to the car 's attachment arm works fine . The guide on the attachment arm is too narrow for the anco wiper to fit , which results in only three quarters of the wiper resting on the windshield . One solution would be to file the guide down so that the blade would fit , but I think I 'd rather just stick with a new OEM blade from Honda .
 Not necessarily a flaw with the product , more a problem with the Amazon screening of products that fit your vehicle . Have a 2005 Honda Accord - should fit according to Amazon but it does n't . On the driver side attachment arm are two metal guides . The metal of the wiper blade is too wide and gets stuck on the those guide pieces preventing the wiper blade from bending to conform to the entire windshield .
 DO NOT BUT THIS PRODUCT FOR AT LEAST THE 2005 AND 2006 HONDA ACCORD . THEY ARE THE CORRECT LENGTH AND WILL CONNECT TO YOUR WIPER , BUT THEY DO NOT WORK PROPERLY . THEY DO NOT WORK WITH THE HONDA GUIDE ON THE WIPER . THESE SHOULD NOT BE RECOMMENDED BY AMAZON FOR HONDA ACCORDS . I TRIED ONE WIPER AND THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE BROKEN , SO I ORDERED A REPLACEMENT AND HAD THE SAME PROBLEM ON BOTH MY ACCORDS .
 The little plastic clip that is supposed to hold the blade arm to the blade separated from the blade as I took it out of the package and I could not reattach it . Upon close inspection , I saw that the clip was bent in two places . I wo n't purchase this brand again .
 I bought two blades a 26 '' & an 18 ' for my honda accord EX 2004 . I was written to be compatible but after I put them on they just do n't lie flat against my windshield . The 5 '' of the 26 '' are off & the 2-3 '' of the 18 '' blade are off . the parts that lie flat on wipe pretty good other wise it 's just annoying especially during rain ...
 I actually bought these from a local auto parts store . This was about a year ago . It started raining out of no where and my old blades were not helping . Right out of the box these worked `` ok '' . Within a few months they were streaking , by the time the wet season ended they were totally ineffective . They actually made things worse .
 Seemed like a quality cover at first . But after 2 months the smelling emitting from this cover was too much . Straight in the trash it went .
 I started using this stuff to repair auto-seat leather , bought it at Houston Auto Show originally ~ 2002 . Did a good job on the seats , although I never could get a straight story from the ladies who were the dealer . They said something about it was some kind of ultrarefined lanolin -LRB- asked on 2-3 different occasions -RRB- . If that 's so , why does it smell like lighter fluid?That maybe should have tipped me off , but using it daily on shoes , it is the EASIEST shine I ever got . Just put on a very light coat daily , rub it in lightly , and you 're ready to go
 i ordered a steering wheel wrap to fit up to a 17 '' wheel and what you sent me wouldnt come close and tore trying to strech it on . i have no proof because i was pissed and just threw it away . i just wont buy any more junk from amazon ecpt for maybe book . surley there would be words in it to read . dont worry , i will let others know of my experience.yes , i am pissed.thanks for aking my opinion , larry stanley
 I started using this stuff to repair auto-seat leather , bought it at Houston Auto Show originally ~ 2002 . Did a good job on the seats , although I never could get a straight story from the ladies who were the dealer . They said something about it was some kind of ultrarefined lanolin -LRB- asked on 2-3 different occasions -RRB- . If that 's so , why does it smell like lighter fluid?That maybe should have tipped me off , but using it daily on shoes , it is the EASIEST shine I ever got . Just put on a very light coat daily , rub it in lightly , and you 're ready to go
 I have a '99 Jeep Grand Cherokee and needed a new cover to hide the old original leather cover . Based on the other reviews , I ordered the Superwide Sport Grip knowing that I would instead receive the Original Sport Grip Size C. I wanted the Size C because it is supposed to fit a grip circumference of up to 3-7/8 '' -LRB- my grip circumference is 3-5/8 '' -RRB- . Sure enough I received the Size C and proceeded to install it . Installation was pretty easy , although you do need to exercise a little bit of care so as not to rip the material . But it 's not that hard . Unfortunately the material was not wide enough to cover the entire grip circumference -- there was a 1/4 '' gap , which would have been OK visually but it was uncomfortable on my hands when driving since the edges of the material were kind of sharp -LRB- not rounded or eased at all -RRB- . I ended up removing the cover and replacing it with a Wheelskins leather cover which I 'm very happy with , although that was really tedious to install . But that 's another review .
 BE WARNED
 wheel cover looked great when i got it - but when i tried to install it on my 2005 honda cr-v it came apart at the seams - not sewn together properly
 The item I ordered shares the same Superior Item number with several other steering wheel covers . It was impossible to choose the proper grip . In the Sport Grip there are three different width sizes
 I ordered one , foolishly not noticing that no sizing information is available on the Amazon site ; it did n't fit . I measured the wheel of my '08 Prius and concluded that I needed not the size `` B , '' which seems to be the default size that is sent -LRB- apparently Superior has not updated its products since 1965 -RRB- -- but the wider `` Super Wide Sport Grip . '' Just to be sure , I called the Superior company in Arkansas , which , while advertising their product line on their own website , tells me that they do not sell directly and that their products are not available on Amazon , which is , of course , ridiculous , as the unusable size `` B '' came through Amazon just a few days before . Superior also could not tell me anywhere their products are available -- bad sign when a business seems uninterested in marketing its own products . Anyway , hanging up wondering how the company remains in business , I take a chance and order the `` Super Wide Sport Grip '' on Amazon , which Superior advertises as being 4 '' in width and so just right for my car according to the sizing chart on its boxes and website . Another ten bucks -- what arrives is not a `` Super Wide Sport Grip '' but the `` Sport Grip , '' size `` C '' -LRB- perhaps they are the same thing , but the completely different box only adds to the disaster of the marketing of this lousy product -RRB- . NOT BIG ENOUGH -- and Saran wrap is stronger -- deciding I 'd try to get it on the wheel thinking I 'd live with the gap -- it easily tore . I threw both of the pieces of junk away . If my waste of $ 20 can save you the aggravation , I 'll have done my good deed for the day by writing this review .
 The stairwell covers a cheap junk . They say they will set a steering wheel 4 inches in diameter . My steering wheel my Toyota tundra is 3.3 quarter inch and they do not fit well in their leaves a quarter inch gap . After using the steering wheel cover for about three months it starts to deteriorate . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 I was wanting a stearing wheel cover for a 18 '' wheel for a 57 Chevy . The cover I purchased said that it would fit my wheel . When I received it there was not way to get it to streach over my wheel . I tryed several ways to streach it to fit , but it split apart and was unuseable .
 Had been looking for these type of wheel covers for a couple years to replace my old ones.Ordered four of them in two sizes since they were so hard to find.Right product WRONG colorThe box representation of the color is NOT EVEN CLOSE to what I had or wanted !! I wanted the same `` Tan '' color as represented on the box.NOT EVEN CLOSE !!! These were more of a cream color.Too much hassle to return so I 'm stuck with them.False representation of the color .
 The Super Wide Sport Grip I puschased was not Tan as I ordered , it was marked tan but the color was closer to parchment or cream . This was not satisfactory for my use so I broke down and purchased a leather wheelskin steering wheeel cover in the correct color and actually it looks much better than the Sport Grip . Granted it was more expensive but it was worth it .
 I started using this stuff to repair auto-seat leather , bought it at Houston Auto Show originally ~ 2002 . Did a good job on the seats , although I never could get a straight story from the ladies who were the dealer . They said something about it was some kind of ultrarefined lanolin -LRB- asked on 2-3 different occasions -RRB- . If that 's so , why does it smell like lighter fluid?That maybe should have tipped me off , but using it daily on shoes , it is the EASIEST shine I ever got . Just put on a very light coat daily , rub it in lightly , and you 're ready to go
 The first wheel cover I got from Plasticolor lasted me over 5 years for 3 vehicles , this one started falling apart in less than one year on one vehicle . The stitching is falling out and the rubber is starting to tear . They did n't make this one as well as they have in the past .
 I just received the steering wheel cover today . I ordered it for my Dodge Neon . Unfortunately , when I opened the box , the steering wheel cover has `` Ram '' instead of `` Dodge '' written on it on both sides . This , obviously , will not work for my car since I do not have a Dodge Ram . Have to send it back .
 The product itself is fine , but `` red '' is not red . Their idea of red is actually more of a burgundy color , so beware .
 If you buy this from AutoBarn you 're rolling the dice . They sent the regular Sport Grip instead of the Super Sport Grip . Not worth the hassle to return so I 'm giving it away and trying again through Amazon.Update
 This is a very poor quality product . It snapped in two when I began to stretch it around my 15.5 '' steering wheel . I am a very dissatisfied customer . Also not pleased that the shipping cost was greater than the cost of the product -LRB- I suppose that should have been a red flag ! -RRB-
 I purchased this steering wheel cover because it was advertised as the `` Super '' Sport Grip ... -LRB- a thicker grip than the standard Sport Grip -RRB- When I recieved it and saw what it was I emailed Auto Barn about my disapointment . They did send me a return authorization but by the time I returned the item I would have spent as much as I paid for it . Be careful to check on exactly what you 're ordering from these people . You may not get what you order .
 These arent as good as I remember them . I recall these being made in USA . Now , they are being made in China with cheap materials . They tear easily and do not last . Do not buy ! You have been warned .
 I had the same problem as another reviewer I ordered the super sport grip hoping it to be thicker and received the sport grip . There are also three different sizes -LRB- A , B , C -RRB- . I received B and it does n't even come close to wrapping around the steering wheel of my f150 . I 'd return it but I only ordered it to get free shipping .
 This `` item '' is not very good at all . I ordered a stearing wheel cover . I received a strap of leather with strings . If I wanted to return the item , I would have to pay $ 5.00 shipping for return . Not worth it , just threw it away . Do not buy this product as you will be stressed and unsatisfied just like me .
 Had been looking for these type of wheel covers for a couple years to replace my old ones.Ordered four of them in two sizes since they were so hard to find.Right product WRONG colorThe box representation of the color is NOT EVEN CLOSE to what I had or wanted !! I wanted the same `` Tan '' color as represented on the box.NOT EVEN CLOSE !!! These were more of a cream color.Too much hassle to return so I 'm stuck with them.False representation of the color .
 The first photo should be removed . It is not tan . The color is like the second photo which is more ecru/light cream color . I put in for a refund the second I received it . I wish I had read the reviews first instead of after I had ordered it . I was refunded without an issue and ended up ordering one from CarAccessoriesPlus which also sells a lace up cover on Amazon . Their tan is more like brown but it was perfect .
 I wanted a steering wheel grip that looked like the photo . I 've had them on cars for over 20 years . The word tan seemed odd but I went with it . Instead of even tan , it was cream color . It looks like crap . It is so soft and absorbent that it will be dirty , nasty with hand sweat long before it wears . What a waste of money !
 I installed this Sport Grip , following the directions exactly . When I went to tie off the plastic wrapping thingy the grip just tore . Very flimsy stuff . I threw it out in disgust .
 This is like trowing ur money in the garbage ... the keychain break after 2 days of use !!!!
 It took about 4 hours to install this on a 2004 Kia Optima . I was disappointed to find that this product has some deficiencies and I was frustrated that I could not quite get the edges to meet all the way around my steering wheel .1 . The picture for this product clearly shows the text on the box stating `` EXTRA WIDE SUPERSKIN '' , however after receiving it apparently the # 58-0600B is the medium size cover , not the EXTRA WIDE SUPERSKIN . Only because the leather is overlapped along the edges , is a bit stretchable , and it is very strong , was I able to use waxed lacing -LRB- see my comment # 2 -RRB- to pull the lacing very tight to make the gap very small .2 . I began with the standard thread and it was not working well and did not look good . The lacing that is provide is not waxed , it does not look right for this application and it appears a bit cheap . While it seems very strong , it does not allow you to really maintain tension for a tight fit as you stretch and stitch the cover . Only because I had waxed lacing , from another -LRB- less expensive -RRB- wheel cover , was I able to maintain enough tension to keep this stretched tightly enough to keep the gap very small , however , I could not quite eliminate it all the way around . The manufacturer should provide the proper WAXED lacing for this application .3 . I appreciated that they did provide two needles with the kit and very good detailed instructions that included various stitching methods . I chose to cross stitch using two needles , however , the needles provided did not work well with either type of lacing . The eyes were too small and even after melting the end of the lacing and pulling the molten plastic thread to a small point , it was very difficult to get the lacing through the eyes . Again , I was saved by having similar needles with bigger eyes from prior installations of other wheel covers , including Wheelskins . The better needles saved a great deal of frustration and some time . The manufacturer should provide needles that are easier to use .4 . The leather is not soft or supple to the touch like a Wheelskins brand cover . It is a very pebble grained and a bit rough to the touch . In the manufacturer 's defense they do n't advertise Superskin as `` soft '' or `` supple '' . I have gotten used to it and if I had to market it I would call it `` grippy '' . Overall , for the price , I am barely satisfied , but only because I had better needles and lacing .
 This is nowhere near as supple as the picture on the box would have you believe . In fact , it 's about as rough as the stock steering wheel that I wanted to cover up . I 'll be returning this product.At least I found out I do n't like it before I installed it .
 The leather was nice . That 's the end of the good things I can say about this product . I tried to do the double needle stitch . The needles pretty much get stuck in the leather every stitch because the holes are n't quite big enough . Figure on about 2 stitches a minute because of this , so you need several hours to complete this . Then I had knots in the thread , which I had to cut out because they sure would n't fit through the holes . The last straw was when one of the needles broke , that 's when I returned it .
 Get yours at pepboys for the same price and do n't get screwed by amazon shipping doubling the price
 The leather is very nice ! To thread and stretch this onto my stealing wheel would have taken all day . Not joking . It took 45 minutes to get as far as I did , about 5 inches , and I gave up and had my husband do it . He unthreaded the whole thing and told me it has an akward section that hangs loose when you thread around stearing wheel components . Went to the store and got a quicker assembly model .
 So I bought and tried this and was terribly disappointed . The leather looks really cheap . The install was cumbersome but not 4 hours like some claimed ... but it does take a good 1.5 h maybe 2 if you are slow . I also did n't find the needles to be low quality , or the holes to be too small . That part was fine , it 's the quality of the leather and the thread that looks cheap . The stitching just looks incredibly cheap as well . If you have a nice car , and want to give it a even nicer look , this is not for you .
 I received the package in the mail on Tuesday evening . Based on the other customer reviews , I first poked each hole to make them all a little bigger and easier to sew onto the steering wheel . But actually installing the steering wheel cover was too hard . I could n't even finish after two and a half hours . My hands were shaking when I decided to quit . Attempting to install this steering wheel cover was a waste of my time and money.I want to return this item and get a full refund .
 This item -LRB- 58-0600 -RRB- is NOT the Extra Wide Superskin as shown in the description , but is the medium size `` B '' . No where in the description is the size noted . The extra wide is item 58-0700 but I had to find that out after doing some heavy on-line research . Amazon online and telephone support does not give this information and , in fact , the telephone support kept telling me that I was wrong . The product is great - if you can get the correct size .
 I bought a Superskin cover because the vinyl on my 97 Camry steering wheel was splitting , and I wanted to hold the foam together . Reading some of the reviews helped . I enlarged the holes before I started -LRB- essential -RRB- , and I used needle-nosed pliers . The instructions were good , and the leather seems sturdy enough . I did n't break the needles . I figured out after starting that I had to keep moving the wheel around to get it in a manageable spot . But wow , is this hard to do ! I chose the cross stitch , because I thought it would look better , and hold tighter . It took me 8 hours to complete the job , and I made plenty of mistakes and ended up with sore hands , neck and shoulders . My hands were not strong enough to pull the two sides of the cover together -LRB- or maybe it 's not possible -RRB- . The stitches have to be pulled up one at a time , over and over . It 's impossible to see the back of the wheel , and you have to guess how many holes to skip over the wheel spokes . So the finished product is tight , but has about a half-inch gap on the inside of the wheel . I would n't do this again , ever .
 make sure you get right size . the cover does not come with a backing/pad so it winds up being to big to tighten around steering wheel . I got the middle size to fit a full size crown victoria and it was to big after i cut the old cover off .
 The leather quality is nice and it fit around the wheel OK . The instructions were well done and , since I had done this job in the past , I figured on spending about an hour lacing it on the wheel . I took the needle , threaded it and tried to push it through the first punched hole . Only got it 1/2 way . The instructions said you might need gloves , so I got leather gloves and managed to get the needle through but the lace would n't go . I had now spent over 10 minutes on the first hole ! Took the thing off the steering wheel and fought with the needle but the lace still would n't go through . Got an awl and tried to enlarge the hole . Still no good . Tried several other holes and found that many of them were n't even holes ... just dimples pressed into the leather . If I had bought this item locally , it would have been returned at this point . Ended up getting a board and a drill . Tacked the cover to the board and drilled the holes big enough so the lace would go through . There are 120 holes on each side of the cover , so it took me well over an hour to drill 240 holes ! I now have over 2 hours invested in this project and the cover is nowhere near being on the wheel !
 i thought this would look cool , but to be honest , the instructions are complex , it bubbles all over the place , and looks cheap . I will admit the installation is probably my fault , but i tried it three times ... For what it is , it sort of works , but i expect it to fall apart quickly , as it already seems to be doing . Next time i will hit up walmart for a tazmanian devil .
 After a tiring 3 hours of installation my cover was atleast 1/2 '' too long at the end . The amazon product page did not said that there is three types of covers . Size ` A ' ` B ' & ` C ' . I received size ` B ' which lukily is what I need . I have installed a factory original on my honda Civic before which worked perfect . This one for my hyundai genesis completely now spoils the look . The box says it is good for diameter of 141/2 '' t0 151/2 '' . May be this 1 '' slack is what gets on mine . I ripped it after installation , since it looked so bad at the end with too much slack . what a waster !!!!!!!!! . i will request for a Refund.may be they need change the sizes depending on diameter & o.d.
 I have done lots of steering wheel covers in the past , and after a day and a half , just gave up . To start with the holes were very small , and in some cases didnt go all the way through the leather . I took an awl and enlarged the holes , wich took a good hour , and still couldnt get the needles to push through . I finally gave up and threw it away .
 It was a pain to get this thing on just to realize it looks ugly . Save yourself some time and money , do n't buy this and look for a different type or get one installed professionally . I purchased a different one that was easy to install and looks good .
 This product was deceiving , it did n't mention the fact that you have to sew the cover onto the wheel . If I knew that I would n't have purchased it in the first place . It was way too time consuming , you could buy a cover that already comes sewn for the price of this . I wound up throwing the cover out .
 this product was a very nice comfortable leather , however when the package was first open , one of the seams had a hole about one inch long in it . combined with this , amazon had advertised that it would fir my vehicle , this however was not the case !!! the length around the steering wheel was perfect , but the width around the grip of the steering wheel was way too small . It did not fit my vehicle even close , and this was very disappointing ! please make sure that you call to place this order to double check that it will in fact fit your car/truck ahead of time !
 Holes for laceing the wheel cover own were not punched through the niddle would not go through.one was to big for steering wheel . There were no options for sizes of wheel cover own the ads . Once I got the wheel cover there were diffrent sizes showen on the box . So I have two steering wheel covers I ca n't use .
 I was excited by how nice the leather felt , but as soon as I tried to put the cover on , I quickly discovered that the installation was EXTREMELY DIFFICULT ! So if you have a ton of patients , about 3 hours , and like callouses on your fingers , then this stirring wheel cover is for you . There are several specific issues with it . 1 . The pre-made holes in the leather are far too small , so it is very hard for the needle to fit through . 2 . The thread is far too long , which makes tangling and knotting an ongoing problem . 3 . Because of the latter , it is also hard to tighten the thread after every stitch . Honestly , I have struggled with it for about 50 minutes and am only about a quarter of the way done . I 'm sure it will look nice when it is actually all the way on my steering wheel . Once again , the leather is very nice quality , but I would not recommend this product , because trying to put it on is ridiculously challenging !
 I recently purchased this item and spent 5 HOURS installing it onto my steering wheel . The package comes with instructions , giving three different stitching methods which can be used , along with the cover , the lacing and two needles . I opted for the `` cross-stitch '' , which needs both needles to be completed.I had gotten about 10 stitches made when one of the needles broke . I had to pull out my work up to that point and begin again with another stitching method . When I had gotten about 75 % finished , one of the laces actually pulled completely through the leather cover . I had to improvise a cover-up stitch , which worked , but did nothing to enhance the look of the steering wheel cover . Then , to add insult to injury , the second needle broke with about 8 stitches remaining . Not wanting to remove the cover , I had to go to the store and purchase an additional sewing needle to finish the job.All in all , the cover looks just `` okay '' , in that it does n't completely cover my steering wheel . There is a small gap between the inside edges of the leather cover.Be warned , the needles included are NOT as strong as they need to be and there may be some weakness to the actual leather cover itself . And remember , it also took 5 hours to install ! I do n't think I would purchase this product again under any circumstances .
 FINALLY GOT IT FINISHED . This thing took forever ... literally . Supposed to have 2 needles . I only got one . Got about 1/4 of the way done when that one broke . I threw it in the corner of the garage for a couple of weeks until I found another `` canvas needle '' at a store . I think you should remember the word `` canvas '' and picture yourself sewing tough `` canvas '' . First , you are going to need leather garden gloves to push this needle through all of the tight holes in the leather . Even now with gloves my fingers still hurt . I 'm no Rosie Greer but I 've done my share of cross stitch and needle point . This was difficult.Second , I spent 4 hours on the first day and only got half way . On the second day i decided to use every other hole to get it done . Another 2 hours on second day . 6 hours total not counting the first botched attempt weeks ago . Other reviews are correct in that it looks loose and bunched up around spokes.This is n't like the other cover I had years ago which just had strapping wrapped outside the wheel . This involves a stitch into the hole on the backside and then another stitch thru the front hole for the single pass . Then back to the rear again for another 2 stitch pass . Finding the holes on the backside often became difficult even when I was rotating the material around the wheel to see better.The only thing that got me thru was looking forward to this review.p.s . I 'm not normally a complainer , this is the first negative review I have written on anything of the 100s of things i 've bought online .
 I attempted to use this product on a new-style Jetta . I was unsuccessful . I installed this item in three different ways , three different times , without satisfactory results . The entire cover has the same circumference , including the edges , so there was a lot of bunching and gathering . This may be due in part to the large spoke areas of the Jetta wheels . It may be due in part to the type of material used to manufacture this cover . Other styles that I have used left me with a close-to-professional look . This one was a horrendous mess . Your mileage may vary .
 Ten stitches into installation and the needle broke . I gave up and threw it away when it was clear that it was way too big for my 141/4 inch steering wheel . I gambled on this one versus one costing three times as much . I lost .
 Do not try the cross stitch that requires two needles ! After an hour and 15 minutes I was only 1/3 of the way done . At that point I was at the first `` spoke '' . I could not make it look right and gave up . If your steering wheel has wide spokes I do n't think the average adult male has a chance . I used to use this product years -LRB- 25 ? -RRB- ago and was generally satified with the results , but I sure could not make it work with a modern steering wheel .
 Because the pattern is the same width throughout , there is significant bunching of the leather around the spokes . In addition , the diameter of the cover is a little too large for the Yaris ' steering wheel , so there is a 4 inch or so area of bunching at the bottom of the wheel at my start/end point . I used the cross stich pattern , which is more time intensive and took about 3.5 hours of steady hard work with a thimble to assist me . The end result looks quite poor . I have successfully used this product on an older car with a thin steering wheel that was uniform in thickness around the entire wheel . I would not buy this again for a modern car .
 Product looks good in the picture , the actual product looks cheap . Chrome covered with stickers . Looks shabby .
 The listing really needs to list sizes A , B , or C because you get what you get in the mail and that 's not good enough . People need to have the option to choose their steering wheel thickness . I had to pay for return shipping for my refund . I may call Amazon and get my money back for the shipping simply for the inconvenience.The best way to order a leather steering wheel cover is go to eBay and search Wheel Skins . You have unlimited color choices and you 're directed through a size selector for your make and model of vehicle . Wheel Skins cost about $ 50 but there 's no hassle and its a superior product.Lately , I 'm not happy with Amazon 's model for allowing sellers to throw non matching products up in the Amazon provided listings . Beware when you buy a MacBook pro .
 The cover is nice , but the process of putting it on requires far too much effort for my liking . You have to thread it through with a needle , and it is a very lengthy and difficult procedure . I failed to install it , and I would not recommend this product to anyone who does not have sewing experience .
 I made 2 attempts with this product . The first was too small -LRB- even though the measurements matched up with my steering wheel -RRB- . I ordered a 2nd that was bigger and it ended up barely fitting . Over half way through installation the leather rips near 2 of the holes , I did n't even pull the strings yet to tighten them ! I guess the holes must have been lined up in just the right way that when I pulled the thread through it ripped . It does look nice , if you can block out the rip !
 Could not find a stitch on cover anywhere except online . Supplied thread is garbage . The good thread cost more than the wheel cover at the craft store . I would have rather paid extra for adequate thread . Cover looks ok though .
 While the quality of the leather is fine , the sizing is more than a bit off . The product states that you would be able to easily sew the two ends together if squeezed . This wrap only came about 50 % around the steering wheel of my F150 , even though it was listed as a `` perfect fit . '' On top of that , the stitching material was a sad , fraying , thread - like fabric that did n't match the color of the wrap even remotely , and looked horribly amateurish once I spent the 2hrs it took , with the `` thread '' and needle provided , stitching it on . The end result was a pair of scissors , about 5 minutes of irritated cutting , and the product gracing my garbage can . Money well wasted . buyer beware !
 The quality is unbelievably cheap . Tried wrapping it around my steering wheel and it just wripped like paper . Thank goodness for Amazon 's return policy !
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 I have n't even had this wheel cover a year and it already has a tear in it . It was extremely difficult to put on the steering wheel . Not happy with it at all . Save your money .
 This rotor arm does not fit a Japanese spec Toyota Celica with the 3S-FE engine , it is too tall resulting in the distributor cap not fitting back on .
 They do not fit very well for something that is exact fit.Will make do with them , I had to cut them to make them somewhat work . They are not worth the money . Would not recomend .
 2004 F250 Superduty 6.0 L Deisel , 2.5 '' leveling kit , 35 '' ToyosI bought the swaybar link bushing and they only lasted 5000 miles . I bought these but after going through all the trouble to swap the others out , I will buy a better product like Moog .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 Purchased as part of a total engine overhaul . Installed this with numerous other sensors , switched , solenoids . Car never ran . spent almost 5 months and additional $ $ $ $ $ sorting out the problem . Had to take the car to a specialist and spend $ $ $ in diagnostics only to find that this &#34; new &#34; MAF was bad ... . and of course the &#34; warranty &#34; is only 30 days so I 'm out the purchase price . Do n't buy Standard Ignition products .
 I purchased two of these adapters to add an IDE HD and IDE DVD writer to my new SATA only PC . I read the reviews and decided to ignore the negative since it was pretty good ratings overall . After 4 hours of trying to install these things , I gave up . I did n't run into any cable issues , LED light lit up , everything connected well.My problem was the BIOS never acknowledged I had the drive in the PC . Tried master , slave and CS ; switching cables , ports but nothing worked . Thought at first it was just the unit since it seemed several had received lemons . So I tried the other with the same issues . Maybe it was because it was Windows 7 ? With that thought , I decided to try it in my other PC running XP Pro sp3 . Same exact thing so I threw in the towel.Seems like if you 're lucky enough to get a working unit , you 're good , but if you do n't your in for a lot of wasted time and trouble.The unit came with all the cables needed . The 3 page manual was very lacking on instruction and from further research , looks like the customer service leaves a lot to be desired with email responses that just tell you what is already in the manual.Could be a mass produced product causing for hit and miss success . Since they 're reasonably cheap , it cost more to get a RMA and ship them back to the manufacturer than it does to just cut your losses , maybe thats what they 're banking on ?? Word of advice ... if you decide to take your chances on this ... try it out quickly so you can return it thru Amazon and get your refund
 I was sceptical about this product after reading mixed reviews for it but decided to give it a shot since CNET gave it the highest recomendation against similar products . I purchased to install a new SATA Seagate 500g HDD in my desktop running windows XP OS , motherboard has only IDE connectors . The purpose was to clone my current 80G HDD which is getting very slow to the new 500G before it fails . Followed all of the instructions in the packaging , very simple hook up . After installing and restarting my computer the new 500G HDD was not recognized anywhere , not in device manager and not in the Bios . Tried everything for almost 4 hrs , checked and double checked the install . Still nothing . Do not purchase this piece of junk , obviously hit or miss . Amazon now wants $ 4.99 to ship it back to them on a $ 8.99 product that is defective . No thank you . Lost enough money already .
 Same as others ... tried it every which way ... would not recognize a SATA drive . Tried a 2nd computer ... no dice . DEFECTIVE ? ... returning and will try something else .
 Tried to use this device to connect an IDE disk to Sata in Windows 7 computer . The power connection is female on the device & also female on the harness coming from the power supply . I sent an email to supplier asking if there is an adapter available , but have not received a reply.I connect it using 2 computers to get the correct power connections and it worked . Obviously this is not useful .
 I ordered this adapter hoping to use an older EIDE Hard Drive inside a new Dell PC . The Dell motherboard only accepts connections for SATA Hard Drives , which is a good thing . I followed all the directions for this adapter device to the best of my ability , and unfortunately I did receive a defective unit . I noticed on my Syba Converter that as soon as I connected the Hard Drive to it the red LED indicator no longer remained on but went dark . This is not supposed to happen , the LED is a function indicator and shows that power is being delivered correctly , the LED is supposed to remain on during normal operation . After 2 hours of attempting to make the unit work , I decided to Return the Syba Converter to Amazon.com for a refund , and instead I purchased a new SATA Hard Drive and will no longer be using the old EIDE Hard Drive .
 I tried to use this to hook up my old IDE hard drive to a SATA port in a new PC . I connected everything as directed in the manual and my system would never recognize it . I tried it with the hard drive jumper on every possible setting with the same results . No recognition in CMOS . The red indicator light was on as it should be and I had the adapter switch in the correct position .
 I bought this converter hoping that I could convert my newer 250gb SATA hard drive to IDE so that I can use it to replace a 20gb IDE hard drive . I mainly use this computer to watch video and listen to music even though it 's getting old -LRB- pentium-4 -RRB- . After installing this converter , I can transfer files onto the SATA drive no problem , but i get all kinds of crackling noise and popping sounds from my speakers when playing music or video from the converted SATA drive . The video -LRB- mkv , avi -RRB- is also very jittery and starts & stops frequently . The computer even downgraded the SATA drive to PIO mode after playing a couple songs , which means the converter or drive itself is having major communication issues . My feeling is that the converter is fine for routine backups of files , or even basic computing like ms office . But FORGET audio/video . I would be interested to hear if anyone has experienced a/v related issues after installing this converter . Or . . has anyone tried to burn a CD or DVD using this converter connected to their SATA CD/DVD burner ? < -- That answer would help solve this problem .
 If I could give this product a zero I would . I wanted to hook up a sata drive to a motherboard that only had ide ports . Motherboard would not recognize the drive . I had this drive in another computer pulling files from it and it worked fine . I tried using the converter to hook up an ide drive to another motherboard and it wouldnt recognize the drive . I have used both drives before so I am 100 % sure beyond doubt they work . This product plain and simple did not work for me in anyway I tried to use it .
 I tryed to hook up a ide hard drive to a sata mother board . this product does n't work at all . the power cord that came with it had a wire pop out after the 2nd time i tryed to hook it up and almost shorted out my pc . do not waste your money on this product it is junk that does n't work .
 This POS was DOA . It simply did not work , with all systems tested on not properly recognizing my SATA drive when attached to an EIDE port.Avoid !
 did n't work at all , wasted 3 hrs to make it work . do n't even want to go thru the hassle of returning it , have already wasted too much time on this crap , not worth the money and time
 I was n't able to get it to work with an old IDE disk drive . I did use the sata cable that came with it so it was n't a complete waste
 This may be a great product but it did n't work for me . I do n't think it was the product 's fault . I bought a new I7 computer last fall and the gigabyte motherboard software does n't recognize the iomega zip drives . This is what I bought the product for .
 What a piece of junk this is ! I have a PC that had a 40GB IDE hard drive that I wanted to replace with a 1TB SATA drive . The SATA drive had the operating system and all my software on it -LRB- configured elsewhere -RRB- , but the system BIOS of my PC could not find the hard drive . I tried adjusting everything in the BIOS and ensured all my connections were secure ... when I tried to remove the SATA cable from the converter , a piece of the converter remained on the cable ! Now the converter was completely useless as the wire connectors were just sticking out of it ... thinking it was my fault , I ordered a second kit with virtually the same results . I ordered a simple right angle SATA cable from another vendor and I connected that directly to the motherboard and it recognized the SATA hard drive instantly ! During all of this effort , I found a SATA connection directly on the motherboard about the size of a postage stamp and hidden by cables ... not on a seperate card . Maybe this product will work for some of you , but be sure to look closely at your motherboard first to see if there is a SATA connection in addition to the IDE connection . If so , you only need a SATA cable and not a converter at all . Live and learn - I am very happy with my PC now , but my happiness has NOTHING to do with this product.Two SATA to IDE conversion kits - $ 10.40 each , overnight shipping - $ 17.98 twice , learning a valuable lesson and moving on - priceless .
 I called manufacture to understand coverage rate . I purchased the amount discussed and was short by 50 % . would never buy this again .
 At first , these stickers seemed great . But thats just what they turned out to be ... stickers -LRB- NOT DECALS -RRB- . I applied the stickers to my rear windsheild as directed , but when it came to the last step of peeling the sticky part away from the vinyl decal , it was impossible . We tried everything . We looked online for tips , used a utility knife , and even ruined a couple of stickers trying to peel the sticky cover off of the white vinyl decal part . It will not separate . So right now , there are simply just stickers on my car . I am sure they wont last , with some of the edges peeling up already . I do n't know how Amazon gets away with selling these as decals , because the stickers that I received are not decals !
 I love this design and very happy about so I will give a 5 star for that , yet the quality is not very good that I had to take 2 less stars there . These are not decals that I was thinking of , more like regular stickers . `` Decals '' that I had in my mind was only the designed part -LRB- white part -RRB- will attach to the car windows not the entire thing like regular stickers . Since these are stickers , a lot of bubbles are caught in between when I applied on my car window . This item should have been called `` stickers '' then it would be much clear for customers . I took one star off for that reason .
 The stickers are different from the ones in the photo , I would expect that they look much alike , at the end I bought them because I like the ones I saw , not what I received .
 The picture shows black stick figures . I received only white and gray ones , which will not look right on my cars windows.First time I 've ever had to give a bad rating on amazon.com , very disappointing .
 I bought this as a christmas gift and can not comment on the quality , but 2 weeks later I found them in the auto section of walmart for $ 5.99 . I will think twice about trusting Amazon next time I buy something . Fool me once ...
 I have seen these stickers on cars along with the first name of all the family members . Just a word of caution to parents who do this . It gives anyone access to your children 's names . Let 's say you drop off your child somewhere -LRB- school , soccer practice , the movies or mall -RRB- and it 's quite obvious from these stickers the approximate age and the name of your child . You have no way of knowing what type of person you are giving access to this information . These stickers might be cute , but I do n't think it 's smart to add the children 's names to them .
 I ordered this specifically for my 2008 Toyota Tacoma . It instructed a no drilling installation . Amazon assured me it was the right part for my truck . When I received it and tried to install it it did not fit ! Every excessory I have ordered from Amazon for my vehicle has never worked ! Then they charge me for return shipping on their mistake ! I will never again order auto accessories from Amazon ! I 'm not a naive shopper by the way . I know how to order parts . SHAME ON AMAZON AND AFFILIATES FOR ALLOWING THIS !
 This is for ONE gasket not the 10 that they show . I believed the picture was not correct but figured at least they would be for the 4 required for a vw 1600 engine . Rock Auto sells them for 18 cents a piece .
 it is from Israel the product ; it had a piece of rubber broken , i ` m from Guatemala , so i can not return it will be a lot of money i will lost
 This is my first real disappointment with an Amazon purchase . The description lists this item as New . And for $ 30 , this would be well worth it if this were the case . However the one I received is clearly not new . Second , of the two metal lines is bent out of shape and flattened to the point that it would restrict the flow of fluid . Lastly , one of the two ends is missing the line bold that fastens the line to the transmission . The only reason I gave this one star right now is Amazon said they would replace it for me at no charge , and will be emailing me a pre-paid shipping label to ship it back . I 'm just hoping Amazon makes good on their promise and ships me out a new and usable part .
 Although this site says the seal fits the '99 Forester , it is in fact too large . This is the outside seal , the two inner ones I ordered did fit . I 've returned the item .
 I purchased these mats for a 2012 Chrysler 300 . When I ordered the mats , it stated that it would fit my vehicle . When I received the mats , I noticed that the box stated that it was for a 2010 Chrysler 300 . Needless to say the mats didnt fit because the body style is different . I have since returned the item to Amazon and am waiting for a refund . The disappointing part is that I had to pay for the shipping upfront but Amazon stated that they would refund it .
 This part is listed as fitting a 1990 Buick Reatta but it does not . It is about 1/4 inch wider than the OEM part and hits on the engine shock mount . I found this same part at other local auto stores and it was identical to the Amazon one . Had to go to OEM part for correct fit . Amazon accepted the return part without question and credited my cc within 2 days . Great service as always !!
 This paint ` splatters ' as it is sprayed.I shook the can vigorously for 2-3 minutes to make sure the paint was mixed.I sprayed the paint and it splattered everywhere.I shook the can vigorously for 2-3 more minutes.I sprayed the paint and it splattered everywhere.Temperature for the day was 80 degrees or above.I submitted a customer support question to the Dupli-Color website.I did not get a reply.I would avoid this paint .
 I bought these bushings for a 2001 Dodge Ram 1500 4x4 , for the rear leaf springs . This truck has an OEM suspension but the bushings were not the correct size . It states in the item description that they are designed for an 13/4 eye opening on the spring , but the stock leaf spring has an eye opening of 11/2 inch . In retrospect , I should have tried to measure the eye opening before ordering , but who would have thought there was a reason to do it ? So do yourself a favor and try to measure yours before ordering . I was able to adapt these bushings to make them work because I did n't have time to wait for the correct ones to show up . Thank you .
 I regret not checking out the receiver before I installed this hitch because it was not welded STRAIGHT !!!!! NOW WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE BACK OF MY CRV , YOU SEE A CROOKED RECEIVER WITH A CURT STICKER ON IT !!!! FWHAT A CHEAP PIECE OF CRAP THIS IS !!! IF I HAD NOT ALREADY INSTALLED IT , I WOULD BE SENDING IT BACK FOR A REFUND.I CANT BELIEVE THAT THEY ADVERTISE HOW HIGH THEIR QUALITY IS.NOT TO MENTION THE FACT THAT IT WAS JUST THROWN INTO A LARGE BOX WITH NO PACKING AND THE ENDS WERE STICKING OUT AND ALL SCRATCHED UP WHEN IT WAS DELIVERED.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND A CURT HITCH TO ANYONE !!!
 Paid for overnight shipping to get these quick as well as the bed rail protectors on a separate order . This item and bed rails were both missing the mounting hardware and the boxes were not very protective . Item was also slightly bent , but I was able to straighten . Long time Amazon customer and also was very fond of Dee Zee products . No to impressed with either right now .
 I purchased a pair of these `` perforated '' gloves because they look slick.Unfortunately , they ripped within two weeks of more than gentle use . The Velcro closure on my right hand has already begun to separate from its stitching , & no longer provides a snug fit around my hand . I emailed the Motorcycle Market on the 22nd regarding the poor quality of the gloves & still have not gotten a response.Essentially , I paid $ 60.80 for gloves that ripped in a week ! -_- I imagined that $ 60 would last me a lot longer than 2 weeks ; apparently I was wrong.I just want my MONEY BACK . - UPDATE
 These gloves fit very well and are comfortable . However , they look better and more durable in the pictures , which is kind of misleading . They are very thin and flimsy , and I do not trust that they 'd hold up in a crash . For shorty gloves they are n't bad though if you only do slow speed in town riding . It 's been 3 months and some of the stitching is sticking up , and I 'm really hoping that it does n't come apart . Honestly , I wish I had paid a bit more and gotten better full gauntlet gloves . If you just want some comfortable gloves , these are it . If you are looking for protection , then keep on looking.edit
 I loved the style and fit of these goggles , but I bought them to use while skiing . It stated that they would not fog , but I had problems with them fogging the first time I used them . I will try to wipe them with the anti-fog wipes and see if that helps the next time .
 Red glass has absolutely no sun protection . Also , the glasses becomes fogged very fast.But for this money , maybe it 's OK .
 I bought a pair of these over two years ago , but interior lining began to come off around six months in , and the `` No Fog '' function only ever worked if there was wind . Stop cycling for a second to catch your breath , and the goggles fog up right away . Sometimes a stray bug still managed to find its way inside when I was riding , though I 've no idea how .
 This is not for a 2002 ford explorer sport trac as indicated . They fit only a regular Ford 4 door Explorer .
 Do n't trust the fit guide ! This will not fit a BMW 540i . I ordered one of these a while ago and waited longer than 30 days to put it on the car so I could n't return it when I discovered that it was the wrong part . I figured it had been labeled incorrectly so I ordered another . Sure enough , it 's the wrong part . Luckily , Amazon will pay for return shipping .
 Ca n't always go right with refurb units , I got 2 back ones 1 from Amazon/Cardone and 1 from Napa . Third times a charm I guess . I was happy Napa carried them and I could just return the item for exchange nd not do the whole mailing back and forth , cost more.I have purchased refurb car parts from Cardone previously with success , Refurb is a gamble . Cardone has replaced a defective item for me in the past without hassle .
 When you buy cheap Chinese products its no surprise that they do n't work . The first clock did n't work and the replacement di n't work . I 'm out $ 20.00 in shipping since these where a gift to my brother . You might actully see if a item functions before you sell it !!!
 This clock worked for about two days then quit . I could never get it to keep the proper time.I was really disappointed . I would not recommend this product .
 This was bought to replace an RV smoke detector . The silence false alarm does not work . If you press on the button with a false alarm , nothing happens . Try another product .
 How can they even sell this ?! It 's horrible ! 40-50 ft pounds of torque , tops . Junk . Dangerous to have such a poor tool .
 Thankfully I did n't waste any of my money on this piece of junk . We have this impact wrench at work and I would n't take it for free , let alone spend any money on it . It would be a waste of space in a toolbox . At work , we have an adjustable ramp . You can rotate the shaft of the ramp 's mechanism by hand , but this impact wrench wo n't spin it . Using a torque wrench on its lowest setting -LRB- 10 ft-lb -RRB- with the same ramp mechanism , it did n't even trip the torque wrench 's click stop . Absolutely worthless , unless you 've already broken the bolt free and just do n't want to spin the bolt the rest of the way by hand . If I could give this zero stars , I totally would .
 I bought this from Home Depot and it has to be the worst tool I have ever bought . First tried it on my lug nuts , not even close . Then tried it on my lower strut bolt when I was removing them - nope . It would n't even tighten my Strut Spring Compressor , and they were loose ! I can almost stop this with my hand ! I 'm looking at the cordless dewalt DW059K-2 18 volt , but think they will come out with the 20 volt soon ? Otherwise looking at the Ingersoll-Rand 232TGSL Thunder Gun .
 It will blow your fuse every time ! If not , it will melt your housing . BTW , not really all that bright , either . Only so much power will run through those tiny wires !
 The bulbs are fine for what they are . However , I was expecting the bulbs to come as a pair . The single light bulb comes in a big box with a place for two bulbs . I suggest customers do some shopping because these bulbs usually come in a pair . My low rating is for Auto Barn . I will not do business with this company because now they do sell these bulbs as a pair for just a little more than a single . Oh , and they do n't have singles any more . There is even a picture of a car backing up and it has two backup lights shown . This is deceptive .
 The lights are good however I had to order 2 pack since each pack comes with only one bulb ... and there is no advice or notification when you place the order .
 Original shipping date place this item no later than Jan 26 . By Jan 28 , it had not arrived . The FedEx tracking number I was given , showed the item had not even shipped yet . I filed a complaint with Amazon , and within an hour , seller had called me to attempt to resolve the problem . They had no explanation , but offered to ship a new item and refund my shipping costs , if I would remove my complaint from Amazon . They seemed more interested in removing the complaint than resolving the issue.New Item was promised no later than Feb 4th . Item did not arrive until Feb 6th , and it was the wrong side . Seller would not return calls . Finally , filed a complaint with Amazon , and only then did seller offer to return full purchase price , plus $ 10 . I am still not happy . I have waited well over three weeks for a simple to ship item that should have arrived in a week.I am not happy with this seller , and the attempts they have made to resolve my problem .
 I have bought dozens of replacement seats for my Breuer Chairs over the years and these were clearly an inferior product . They were much thinner than the normal ones and the workmanship was shoddy . I returned them for a refund and am still waiting . Do n't be fooled . I recommend you purchase from Seats and Stools , who sold me a proper one .
 I was very disappointed with the quality of this product , clearly not well manufactured . Furthermore , the design did not match my original seat . The product came from the The Antique Restoration Center .
 My old breuer chair seats make these Chinese made replacements look new . The workmanship and materials are not `` like they used to be '' . For a replacement product , I would rather get the old ones recaned .
 Ok , it took weeks to arrive and then did not have hardware or pre-drilled holes . Am I happy ? No . Would I use them again ? What do you think ?
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Not what I expected especially for over $ 100 . The mats that came fit my car except on the edges , there was a slight gap and over the next two weeks that gap got bigger - did not look good . I assume it is because they are plastic and stiff and there is nothing to hold them to the sides , think truck liner material . We went to the beach and the mats got sand/pebbles on them - they scraped and appeared years old instead of 2 weeks . The color of the mats did not match my interior -LRB- tan -RRB- and since the mats are very large going up on the sides of the floor , a lot of the carpet was covered making my car look like it had a lot of plastics in it . Finally , they do not hide the dirt instead it sits on top of the plastic mat . Recommend only if you have a truck or a car with a black interior and need them just for the winter .
 Ordered two front floor mats and one rear floor mat for our white Pathfinder w / Tan interior . According to the images on the website , the tan floor mats looked like they would match PERFECTLY in our car 's interior.Finally received the floor mats two weeks later and was extremely disappointed to find that instead of the mats being TAN like in the images on the website and on their brochures , it was more of a flesh-colored , pinkish brown . Very ugly and did n't match anything in our interior . If you look at the product images above , you 'll see that I added my own pictures that I took to show you how they REALLY look.I emailed WeatherTech to get a refund , which they agreed to fully . But to defend the color difference between their website and the real thing , they told me that the lighting they used when taking the photos along with the color calibration of my monitor -LRB- lol -RRB- might make the floor mat images appear to be lighter color than they actually are . That 's pretty much a load of crap . I told them to hire a better photographer because the simple photos I took with my basic digital camera -LRB- see above -RRB- gave a FAR more accurate depiction of color of the mats in person than the ones on their website.Regarding the quality of the product , I would give it a thumbs up . It appeared to be very well made , durable and fit perfectly in my car . One note , when I ordered them , I was under the impression that they were a flexible rubber material type of floor mat . This is not the case . They are a hard semi-flexible plastic . Very similar to the plastic used in car interiors around the base of the door frames , which in my experience is extremely pron to heavy scratches from your feet . So I would think the floor mats would get scratched up quite a bit . But obviously I ca n't speak for sure because I returned mine immediately.Summary
 2007 Honda odyessy weather tech mat floorI used this floor mat about 2 monthspro - Perfect fitcon - hard to clean and can not use any cleaner product such as windex or anything else . It is painful ... so on top of cleaning my car , this floor mat created more work for me ... ugh ... close to paying around $ 230 . . not worth it ... conclusion
 I requested Weather Tech front floor liners for my 2005 Boxster . When they arrived I found out that the drivers side fit but the passengers side did not . The labeling on the box said that it was for a Toyota Prius . The passengers side was not even close . I checked and double checked the amazon website to make sure that I had ordered properly . They were wrong !
 I ordered new floor mats for my new 2012 Chrysler Town N Country . You sent the wrong ones . I returned the wrong ones and reordered . You sent the wrong ones again . Shame on you .
 I purchased a bottle of Mothers Glass cleaner simply because I have used other Mothers products -LRB- waxes -RRB- and they seem to work very well . Also , this cleaner is safe for tinted windows because it does not contain ammonia.Unfortunately , I was extremely disappointed with this glass cleaner as it streaked more than Windex and no matter what I tried , I could not remove the streaks at all!I did not notice any difference in the streakiness between non-tinted and tinted glass . Both were pretty bad.I ended up just throwing the bottle out and went back to using microfiber cloths and purified/distilled water .
 This product does NOT work . I checked my tires and they were between 18 and 22 ; I had my garage check them and they were at normal pressure -LRB- 32 -RRB- . This is a waste of money and can be dangerous if you inflate your tires using this gage .
 Have had a variety of digital and mechanical tire guages over the years . Have been using an Accutire MS-4021B which works well but takes a couple tries to get a seal with the tire stem . Needed to get a second one for another car and decided to try this My PSI . Bought it because it was small and had a light to help see the tire stem in low light . The light is a bright blue and works great . Other reviews warned of it made of plastic and feeling cheap - correct on both accounts . The two number dials do nothing but remind you of one number -LRB- e.g. 45 for my front tires -RRB- . The on/off button also changes it from PSI to BAR to KPA . Using this button was more difficult than any other digital tire guage as it would n't turn off easily and I had to step through the PSI-BAR-KPA to get back to PSI frequently . Was very annoying ! After using it 2-3 times per month for the past nine month , turned it on only to get '' - - - '' . Pulled the batteries , etc. to reset with no change . Appears the electronics in it were cheap too . Recommend you buy an Accutire and stay away from this product .
 If you want a well made gauge , do n't buy this one . Very cheap feel and looks , picture only looks good . Instruction say you can release tire pressure , but button at the bottom is only a fixed piece of plastic , it has no function at all . `` SET Your Pressure '' has no purpose , I assume it had something to with the pressure reading but it does n't . Look for something else .
 I purchased the myPSI for myself , and for gifts for the guys this Christmas . My unit stopped working after 1 session . Light works find -LRB- very , very bright -RRB- , but pressure gauge will not take a reading -LRB- shows 0.0 -RRB- . I do not recommend this unit . Will be returning mine if I can get it back for less than it cost originally.I have not heard feedback from my family on their units but will report back if I do .
 I really liked it the first two times I used it . It quick working on the third use . It would turn on , but would n't register tire pressure .
 After 3 months I have become disappointed . Obtaining a seal has become more difficult . Display becomes unreadable in freezing weather . Too easily switching between psi , bar and kpa . Odd polarization of display lens makes certain angles difficult to interpret the digits . Already a short display time is additionally cut by 2 second boot up cycle .
 I dont know if i can say the local store , but buy the analog one that looks like a stopwatch .
 Purchased for my two day ATV trip . Poorly built , NOT water tight ! Two problems with the design of this box . There should have been two locks on this box -LRB- on the left and right sides -RRB- . The single lock in the center does n't latch down the side corners well enough . There is a 1/4 '' gap at each corner in the front of the box when you latch the center lock . I ended up needing straps to keep the box lid tight.Second problem is the THIN plastic used for the construction of the box . And the ribbing design does n't help much for strengthing it . For an ATV box it needs thicker plastic walls to get if a firmer design . My friend had the Tamarack `` Classic '' series box which worked much better .
 The Wilmar 1384 33 Piece Security Bit Review should includethat the order was placed in a business manner , then attendedto promptly . Soon after that the order was shipped ; youreceived the product in a regular way . However , you are notsatisfied with the security , since the product has not beenused any further . More security service is needed , the costwill be too much , and you have just touched the ice-burgthat sank the Titanic .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 do not waste your money this is a low quality product the material is paper thin & the tweety on it looks like a cheap iron on patch , & there is no way of secureing it to your vehicle it hangs on with a lil elastic cord . terrible value for money
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 The description states that it would fit my tire but it is way too small and ripped when trying to put it on .
 I was not happy with this purchase at all . It is so thin that when you touch it while it is installed , you end up pushing a hole in the cover . I would not suggest this one at all , it is not durable in the least which you would think it would be where it is suppose to be out in the elements .
 this faded with in the first few months . Bought this for the front on my trailer . Would not buy another one .
 The liners look great but fitment is another story . My truck has a manual transmission and everytime I engage the clutch it goes behind the liner , needless to say when I release the clutch the liner is pulled up out of place , I fixed that by adding one of the clips from the passenger side mat to the troubled spot on the driver side . The caps on the driver side mat also do not fit over the factory mat holders as stated in the instructions , allowing mud/water/snow down to the factory carpet . Not to mention that I only have one clip securing the passenger side mat . I would not recommend these liners to anyone with a 2005 + Toyota Tacoma .
 Made of a very cheap vinyl material - printing is poorly done - retention string snapped immediately after installation . Sizing is correct , and cover fits snugly , but for some reason the mfg. ships the thing crumpled up in the box instead of folded , so the cover looks wrinkled when you install it .
 This cover is poorly made and does not fit the dimensions specified . The cover tore on the seam at the bottom as it was installed on a spare tire size that it was advertised as able to fit . I kept it but not really satisfied with the quality . I should have expected this for the price .
 Sewn seam was crooked and split when I started installing it . Check it carefully to make sure the seam is centered before putting it on.Edit
 The leather was thin and worn out at one end.The laces provided are very basic and look ugly.Lacing the thing up requires some amount of skill and effort.Overall I 'd suggest you visit a local target/walmart and pick up an off the shelf products instead . I ended up buying a new one within 3 weeks from a local departmental store . Not Leather but it was comfy and better looking all for the price of 15 dollars . It was that ugly !
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 The item was delivered as promised but it was damaged . The driver 's side fan was unbalanced which will probably create undue wear causing it to wear out faster . Since it is a plastic fan blade , nothing can be done . In order to replace it , I would have to order a new one and pay first , then ship back the damaged one , and then be credited . This was a lot of hours assembling and disassembling my vehicle . Not happy with the fan I received : -LRB-
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 We purchased this product on 4/3/07 & received it on 4/7/07 . The first thing I noticed in the packing on 4/7/07 were the terms that `` Returns must be made within 30 days of purchase '' , though the box indicated Guaranteed Waterproof . Since we were leaving for Yellowstone the end of April and planned to use the carrier , I first packed a few items and tested it on our vehicle before we left . It seemed to do well in the rain with limited interstate use . However , when we left and drove 70mph on the interstates , the pack flopped up & down on our vehicle , and one strap broke loose on the interstate . The teeth in the strap buckles would not secure for very long and four straps at four hand sewn points would not secure the pack . This was so after the straps were knotted . Two states later I bought two bungy cords that secured the pack . Also after a downpour in Wyoming , the pack also leaked inside . When we returned on 5/7/07 , the 30 days had expired . Hence , I consider this pack a waste of money .
 I purchased the Highland Karpak and used it about 4-6 times . The last trip coming down the highway about 65-75mph the pack flew off the top of the Acadia . I notice where the straps are `` stitched '' on top , it became loose . MAJOR design FLAW !!!! I would n't recommend these unless you need something 1-3 times max . Otherwise this pack can not take the wear-and-tear .
 Worked great first two times . Kept luggage dry through heavy rain and sleet . But after third use I took it off the car and there were multiple holes in it . I am currently trying to find a place to complain to the company but ca n't . I would not recommend this carrier .
 bought mine at BassPro , you know , the home of quality ? , 3 weeks ago for 70-dollars . Went on a trip . Two days later one of the plastic tie down clips broke while I was tightening it . I had to tie the strap itself to the rooftop.Carrier may be made of premium vinyl but the strap clips ... real cheapo.I am very disappointed and the clips are specialty items , designed for this piece of equipment . There are two clips on each strap and 4-straps ; two each for length and width of carrier.I ca n't replace them . So it was a waste of money for me.I do n't understand why a company like KarPak would design this great rooftop carrier , then scrimp on the quality and construction of the strap clips.They are of insufficient strength and durability . Beware .
 We purchased this product on 4/3/07 & received it on 4/7/07 . The first thing I noticed in the packing on 4/7/07 were the terms that `` Returns must be made within 30 days of purchase '' , though the box indicated Guaranteed Waterproof . Since we were leaving for Yellowstone the end of April and planned to use the carrier , I first packed a few items and tested it on our vehicle before we left . It seemed to do well in the rain with limited interstate use . However , when we left and drove 70mph on the interstates , the pack flopped up & down on our vehicle , and one strap broke loose on the interstate . The teeth in the strap buckles would not secure for very long and four straps at four hand sewn points would not secure the pack . This was so after the straps were knotted . Two states later I bought two bungy cords that secured the pack . Also after a downpour in Wyoming , the pack also leaked inside . When we returned on 5/7/07 , the 30 days had expired . Hence , I consider this pack a waste of money .
 I bought this car seat , and it constantly is comming off in the back . Never stays in place at all . Very durable material though .
 I expected a mount and boot to arrive , what arrived was bushings and a washer for the rear shocks . I did not research on this and Amazon again has the wrong picture depicting the item part number ...
 During my search for the item I had purchased I checked for compatability and was confirmed as fully compatible . After recieving the item it was obvious that it was not and adapter was required and is sold in kit form only . I would definatly be avoiding this website in the future due to the fact that I can only recieve a partial refund . Oh ya they changed the discription after my complaint but still refuse full refund . LAME LAME LAME .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 The unit was broken when I received it . Amazon was very good about returning the product and my reimbursement .
 The unit shipped quickly , however while trying to install it I realized that the quality of the fog lamp was poor and the bulb that came with the unit was broken . Will not buy again .
 this item is about 2-3 inches to big for a 1998 cherokee sport . . me and my buddy used a 2x4 and some ghetto engineering and made it fit -LRB- save yourself the headache -RRB- . .1998 cherokee monroe max lift 901114
 The item is likely a good one , if you ever get it . I ordered 2 from Amazon . After no delivery for a long time UPS said the box was found empty during shipment -LRB- likely not packed well I imagine -RRB- and the box was discarded . I called Amazon and re-ordered . The items came , both in plastic sleeves with the same 901114 part number , but were different . I got one to fit but the other was entirely wrong . I called Amazon for a refund and did manage to set one up but had to talk to a guy in India whose English in my opinion was marginal at times . If I get my money back for the incorrect part it will still be the worst order I have ever placed with Amazon . Whoever the supplier is clearly does not do a good job .
 Ordered 2 units . They shipped one with a black strut , and the other with silver strut . The silver one was made in Turkey , and was missing both retaining clips -- it probably was a previously-returned unit . Next time I 'll just go to the local auto parts store .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 This mount was used with an OEM -LRB- HD -RRB- Bilstein strut and it ripped and send my spring and strut flying . Good thing no one was in the way of the flying hardware or there could 've been serious damage . Since I did n't have time to get a new mount I 've got one new mount and one old mount of the front end of my Trailblazer . I do n't know how to return/dispute crappy items through amazon , so I ended up eating the $ 26 .
 this review is not a comment on the quality of this item . Rather , it is a critique of the vehicle selection tool . I ordered this shock to replace the OEM part on my 98 Nissan Pathfinder . According to the vehicle selection tool , this was supposed to be the correct part . It was not even close . The shock was 3 inches too long and did not have the correct end fittings which likely would have required drilling . Thankfully , Amazon has a great return policy .
 Monroe MA785 Max-Air Adjustable ShocksThe worst product packaging ever . The product I received does not match that shown in the photo . And included absolutely no instruction or paperwork indicating what it what the at I received .
 Make sure you measure your wheel 's diameter before ordering . This wheel cover is made in 3 sizes and Amazon does not make that clear when ordering . It is shipped in the smallest `` A '' size and my wheel needed the next size larger `` B '' - minimum 1 ' 5/8 diameter . So I sent it back asking for next size up and got nothing for feedback .
 Do n'T botherTHE WHEEL COVER IS OF VERY very poor quality , stiff , dry , thin leatherand extremily dificult instilation.iT WILL TAKE YOU HOURS OF AGRAVATING STICHING .
 If you finally get this thing on , it takes about two days for the stiching -LRB- that on the cover , not that you put in -RRB- to give way . You would be better off with a paper wrap . A shame we ca n't give zero stars .
 This review has two ratings . First , Coverking products do fit well and feel wonderful . Readjusted them once already , may have to continue that . They do n't seem to stay put very well . Maybe a piece of that non-slip stuff used under rugs will work . Now the second part , less complimentary . Their web site does say that '' ... include everything that is needed -- ... console covers ... '' . That is where this company is advertising falsely and incorrectly . I ordered these because my leather front console is peeling . It was not included in the order and , as dealt with by the wonderful people at Autobarn -LRB- ***** 5 star rating for their efforts -RRB- , I have been informed that the console covers are ONLY for consoles that fold up into a seat . This is not so stated on the Coverking website . I may return these as I am dissatisfied at the remaining `` bad '' leather in my car , although the seat looks much better now . Maybe I should have used an actual store .
 Amazon says it is 4 '' wide , but it is less than 3 '' . I was not able to stretch it enough to lace the cover close together . Another reviewer noticed the same problem for the black one . I wish I had read the other reviewer 's comment before buying . I am very disappointed ; I think it would have otherwise been a nice addition to my steering wheel .
 I checked the reviews before ordering and noticed that it took another reviewer took 4 hours to install . I AGREE ! It is not wide enough . I did not realize that there was different widths . The picture shows a smooth texture on the leather . It is NOT ! I am truly disappointed
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 After watching videos from duplicolor , I was excited to try this product . Color is very weak ... I purchased Red , Black and Blue and found all colors to be too weak to be useful . I took all unused cans to the paint recycling center and resorted to plan B. I printed stickers on 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets and tiled my graphics onto my car .
 Bought these pads 2 months ago . Just got to the brake job over the weekend . Not even close to the right ones . Looks like I ca n't return them past 30 days . Moral to story , if you buy auto parts from Amazon , check them right away and make sure they are right .
 Was sent wrong parts , as per my mechanic , return procedures , nightmarish and costly , I lost money on restocking fees . However , the prices were affordable , my suggestion , use a local source to get specific part/model numbers , then use your computer to shop . DO NOT RELY ON THE VENDER YOU ARE DEALING WITH , to give you the right part .
 I was looking for this and finally found it on Amazon . Yes , all the previous reviews are correct with the difficulty of putting the cover on the steering wheel and once it 's on do n't expect to make any adjustments , which is perfectly fine with me . I do not want a cover that moves around or is too loose . The quality of the massage grip disappointed me . After only 3 weeks some of the massage grips started to fall off ! Three weeks is unacceptable to me .
 this is literally sitting in my trunk bc no one i know can fit it on my wheel . i am not sure if there is measurements i did not match up or what but whatever the reason this cover is not covering anything as it sits in my trunk . but considering the price is fair compared to others in the store i guess it is a good buy if you can get it to fit
 Not really what you would call sports grip and NOT AT ALL A SLIP ON . Expect to struggle with this to get it on . And forget about even getting it on if your wheel is too big , by too big I mean extra small .
 I purchased this item 5 months ago . I tried it in my car for a few days but the strong rubber smell just made it impossible . The smell came onto my hands and I was constantly trying to scrub it off . I tried soaking it in vinegar -LRB- twice -RRB- , putting it in the sun -LRB- its literally sat outside now for a month -RRB- , and the smell is n't any better . The item is useless to me and I 'm off to find one that might not stink so bad !
 I bought this as a christmas present for my dad 's truck and let me tell you ... whatever chemicals they use to make this cover make for a horrible smell . I aired it outside for three days prior to giving it to my dad and that did n't do the trick , and when I drove it over to his house Christmas morning , it stunk my car up . My dad did n't even want it because of the chemical smell ... save your money or choose to spend a few extra dollars for a better product . I ended up throwing this out , I just wanted to get rid of it .
 Horrible smell that will stay in your car and on your hands for a looooooong time . My broke * ss got it because I 'm ballin on a budget .
 The product has very strong odor , you ca n't wash it off from your hands with soap and water just doing it once . The whole car is full of the smell of vinil or whatever it made of . Make my wife and kids throw up . Walking into Wal-mart , you will find product with thicker padded soft material and odorless , no need to drive with all windows down .
 Lasted about 2 weeks before it started shredding to pieces ... The cover is still there , the message grip is almost all but gone !
 Light weight . Cheap looking . Should have known it wasnt high quality because it was so reasonably priced . Next time i will go to walmart instead
 Disappointed in product . Asked about returning and was told they would just credit my account which did not happen . Ultimately gave one to a family member who broke the first one getting it on and finally got the second one I had bought on with much difficulty . Would not buy again .
 This has been falling apart since the day I put it on . I do n't recommend it to anyone unless you just need your steering wheel to be thicker .
 -LRB- Update
 Sorry to say but it is a poor quality product . I 'm not satisfied with it ! Hope you can improve it ! Thanks !
 Product did not fit the steering wheel it was supposed to fitpurchased one from Pep Boys fit fine cost me a few more dollars .
 this thing is horrible , it fades in the sun after a couple weeks , its very HOT to the touch , and it stinks and has bad chemicals on it -LRB- says so on the cardboard insert -RRB- .
 It arrived a little yellow around the edges but it did n't bother me too much because of the low price but i had it on for a couple of days now and it turned all yellow and ugly . do n't buy !
 We were excited about the prospect of a `` custom-fit '' seat cover and the price was right too . As we were installing the covers we noticed the covers were quite tight , which could be a good thing , but there was no stretch or give at all . During the installation process , without any abnormal pulling , the covers started to rip at the seams . Before anyone had even sat on the covers , there were large holes ripped in the seams . We immediately contacted Amazon who quickly offered to replace the covers for us . We thought -LRB- hoped ? -RRB- perhaps this might be an isolated incedent , but no such luck . The exact same thing happened with the next set . Apparently the price WAS too good to be true . Coverking must be able to keep the price low because of the quality of the fabric and stitching . Guess we 'll have to find some other way to keep our seats clean .
 I ordered seat covers for my Mazda 5 directly from CoverKing 's web site . The second and third row covers came within a couple weeks , but the front row covers took 34 days to arrive , with no explanation.Three pieces of the second and third row covers were sewn/assembled incorrectly . One seat bottom cover included two indentations for the seat belt buckle , one on each side . The rear seats have hinges to fold flat , each with both a narrow and a wide hinge - the covers came with two narrow hinge pieces on one , and two wide hinge pieces on the second . They need better quality control processes!I contacted customer support , and provided pictures of the problem areas . Customer support seems to generally take several days to respond to inquiries . Instead of offering to take care of the issue , they insisted they needed additional pictures of the car before they would do anything . After receiving the pictures , they needed several numbers from the shipping boxes , which of course had been discarded by this point . Apparently , the order number alone is not enough for them to process replacements?So , I still have three pieces that do n't fit , and while they finally agreed to prioritize sewing new covers , it will be another week or two before they arrive . * If * they make the replacement covers correctly , it will have been at least 50 days from the time I placed my order , to when I finally have everything installed.On the positive side , the covers seem to fit well , except for the arm rest pieces - they 're significantly baggy . No seams ripped while installing , and they 're relatively easy to secure . Not sure how they 'll last in the long term , but so far , spills wipe up easily .
 So stiff that it does not adjust to the contour of the windshield . If you have a perfectly flat windshield would probably work great . Any curvature at all to your windshield , and this is not the wiper for you . Even if it says it fits , it may not . It did n't for my 2000 Accord .
 This is junk ! Looks like old stock that has been laying around for years . does not clean the windshield , misses half of it .
 The big display is a great feature . Other than that , there is n't much I like about this unit . When trying to use it as a multimeter , the numbers bounce all over the place , not inspiring confidence . Once connected to get a reading , the numbers continue to bounce , occasionally stopping the bounce to give a reading . The tach feature is very finicky to use . Again , sometimes it works , sometimes it wo n't , not inspiring confidence . I have another meter I use for higher readings , which I use most of the time . When I need to get a lower reading , I 'll try to use this one , but still end up going back to the other .
 This product does not have the 4 studded bolts , which are essential for installation . The old ones can not be extracted .
 This product is good for smaller batteries , Lawn Mower , motorcycles , etc. . Not so good for car batteries or Marine batteries .
 Product does n't work because it did n't come with power cord . No power cord means no AC power which means no DC output which means no battery charge .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I installed the Accel 35362 control module in a 1991 Geo Storm with the SOHC engine . It worked fine after the engine was running , but caused it to stumble and be generally hard to start.I drove the car daily for two weeks with the unit installed hoping the problem would go away but it did not.After replacing the Accel unit with the stock module the car started with no problems .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 It is the exact size but half the wiper suspends in the air , and very filmsy attachment . Went to the dealer and got a refill for the original wiper .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Ordered this to replace my worn out cover . It looks nice enough but is very small in circumference . The older one covered much more of the steering wheel . This one was also very difficult to install as the diameter is also kind of small .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I BOUGHT THIS LAST YEAR TO KEEP A VEHICLE BATTERY CHARGED FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD DURING MY ABSENCE . WHEN I RETURNED , I FOUND A TOTALLY DEAD BATTERY . THIS THING IS A VERY POOR DESIGN BECAUSE IF THERE IS A POWER INTERRUPTION THE MICROPROCESSOR RESETS AND STOPS CHARGING . GIVE ME THE GOOD OLD PRE-MICROPROCESSOR CHEAPIES THAT JUST TURN BACK ON WHEN THE POWER RETURNS . WHAT A DUMB DESIGN . DUH ! I WOULD RECOMMEND A CHARGER FROM CTEK , SUCH AS THE US3300 , WHICH IS POWERED FROM THE CAR BATTERY ITSELF AND MAINTAINS ITS SETTINGS DURING A POWER OUTAGE -LRB- WHAT A GOOD IDEA ! -RRB-
 My unit is 5 years old now and it has pretty much become an expensive battery maintainer if it wants to . It wo n't charge a weak battery anymore . I do n't think I would spend that much again on a `` does it all with a brain '' charger/maintainer . I think you would be better off buying a cheap little maintainer or battery tender and leave the charging part to something more low tech . Mine is so smart now , it wo n't charge anything.Their customer service was good while under warranty though and I commend them for that but in my opinion it 's an expensive battery maintainer .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I bought these at a local Napa for my '87 Volvo 740 and am now looking to replace them after only a few months . They are NOT very bright . In fact every other car on the road casts a shadow in my light . My old Sylvania basics were brighter . DO NOT even try to drive in the rain , at night . I gave it two stars because they work to a point . Better save this before I move it down to one star ...
 For the price of the mats , I expected better quality . The front seat mats at least have the gripper nubs on the bottom . The ones for the back seat , look like a cheap piece of flimsy rubber without the gripper nubs on the bottom . VERY DISSATISFIED !
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 First , the unit is huge ! Be sure you look at the dimensions . This is a good thing . However , you get only ONE chock ! Yes , only one chock is pictured , but Amazon pics are often misleading and I think it is reasonable to expect you get two chocks . When one jacks up a vehicle/RV , do n't you need two chocks behind the other two wheels ??
 Who on earth would think that a product made from RESIN has an expiration date . Well this one had one that makes the product useless later this year . This should have been disclosed in the advertisement and the fact it was not really upsets me . It was truely a waste of money . My recommendation is do n't buy from this vendor ; unless you like surprises or wasting money .
 This product is well made , but it does n't inspire confidence . The plastic is very hard and slick -LRB- low coefficient of friction -RRB- and does not grip to my asphalt drive very well . I 'm not sure that it would prevent my trailer from sliding down the drive .
 Per another reviewer
 Product is a good fit but very thin . WeatherTech needs to spend less on advertising and more on quality , it feels and looks cheap
 I purchased this unit from Amazon . After using this on various cars and motorcycles , leads started to go intermittent on me . Only by jiggling them on the contact points on the tender would they make contact . Now only 2 of the 5 banks work . I took the unit apart and found that the nylon snap contacts for the leads are soldered directly to the master board with 2 delicate solder points . As the user connects and disconnects the leads , the nylon connectors snap together . Very flimsy way of making contact for a point that sees repeated usage . Absolutely no stress relief for the solder points . Poor design for reliability . It would cost a bunch to repair , then after use , would fail again . They should have placed a flexible intermediate lead to the disconnect points . Buy the individual units instead . This is NOT commercial quality by any stretch of the imagination .
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 I bought a Vector vec013 and after a couple months it does n't hold the charge.All leds show full charge but with it you can NOT start a car.May be is ok for small motorcycles or lawnmowers ... but definately is NOT good for a car or truck.BEWARE . . It 's a waste of money !
 Had one of these units for a few years , but did n't experience a battery problem until recently . When I attempted to connect the unit to my battery , the positive jumper clamp -LRB- plastic -RRB- snapped in half , rendering the unit useless for its intended purpose . An examination of the negative clamp revealed that it was heavily cracked also , and would have given way in short order as well . Given that I 'd never even used the jump starting capability of the unit before , I 'm going to chalk this up to the use of cheap materials . As such , it 's hard to recommend.The compressor and power output functions seemed to work as intended however .
 Would n't even jump my little Saab 9-3 in warm weather . In fact , it was n't even close . When I turned the ignition , the engine barely even made a sound . But at least it got the radio working ! So if you 're out there stranded with a dead battery in the middle of a storm , you can listen to some tunes . Thanks Black and Decker ! And Amazon wo n't let you return it because it is a `` hazardous '' product . What a waste of money .
 JUNK . Bought this item for myself and as two gifts for others . Was initially impressed at what I thought was quality . I charged it for the first time and put in the back of my Isuzu Rodeo , not touching it for 9 + months . A work friend needed a `` jump '' one night and I pulled this from the back of my SUV and it started his car -LRB- Mini Cooper -RRB- right up . I was impressed -LRB- little did I know -RRB- . A number of months after that I happen to check the charge on the batter and noticed it was getting low so I took hooked up the AC adapter to charge it . After 12 hours or so it was charged , it was only then that I noticed that one of the clamps used to attach to a car battery was broken ! The plastic was cracked completely through , end to end . Being slightly handy and not willing to toss this away , I used some Gorilla Glue -LRB- awesome product -RRB- and crudely fixed the thing . I put it back in the SUV and basically forgot about it for a number of months . When I checked it the next time I once again noted that it needed charging ; little did I know then that I was in for a surprise . This thing was hooked to the AC adapter for 4-5 days and I was still only able to charge it to about 66 % -LRB- could not get the green , fully charged light to illuminate -RRB- . After this I put it back in the SUV and figured it was better then nothing . Fast forward to the next charge and , BINGO same thing . No more then 65 % of a charge . Also I noted that it no longer holds a charge nearly as long as the first time . There are many other similar products and I suggest that you spend more $ $ and get a better product . That of buy a $ 10 set of jumper cables and hope for the best !
 I own two of these . The first one just died and never worked again . The second one slowly lost its ability to hold a charge after 1 year . I called the company and they wanted ME to pay to ship this heavy battery so they could `` possibly '' replace it . The shipping would cost me $ 20 for a $ 39 product . I do n't call that warranty service . They were n't even nice on the phone . Do yourself a favor and buy a different brand . I bought another one of these types of jump packs from Autozone . Different brand . It has been working well for 2 years now . I wo n't go back to Vector or Black and Decker for jump-starter packs .
 I would not recommend this product for jump starting your car . I recharged it several times and it did not even turn over my car battery . It may be powerful enough to start a lawnmower or some other small vehicle , but not a car . My son brought over his charger -LRB- his has more amps -RRB- and my care started immediately .
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 Ordered this item and it arrived promptly , was as shown . However , the steering wheel cover had such a strong smell -LRB- like gasoline or petroleum -RRB- that it was impossible to use . Stored it in the car overnight and the entire vehicle now reeks of gas and we ca n't get the smell out days later , even after taking the cover out of the car . Amazon processed the return wonderfully and there were no other problems with the item . If you 're sensitive to smells , this is n't the wheel cover for you .
 Many people talk about it having a smell & it does !!! It smells straight up like a used oil and does stink my whole car up overnight . . is n't tight on my steering wheel either
 What the heck ?? The smell is so bad that my eyes are burning ! We have had this style of cover for over 10 years and was excited to see it again after not being able to find it but the odor is just TOO MUCH to bear . We have the car with all the windows open so we 'll see if that helps . Too bad too because they last forever -LRB- at least the last one did -RRB-
 The product has very strong odor , you ca n't wash it off from your hands with soap and water just doing it once . The whole car is full of the smell of vinil or whatever it made of . Make my wife and kids throw up . Walking into Wal-mart , you will find product with thicker padded soft material and odorless , no need to drive with all windows down .
 The manufacturer notified me today that these cameras are ALL defective . They would send me another camera in January . -LRB- 5 months ??? till they have oine that works ? -RRB- or they will pay me $ 89 of the $ 150 -LRB- + shipping -RRB- I paid for the unit . At this point I have gone through a lot of agony getting the unit to work , but having 1 thing or another fail on the unit . I will be left with a hole in the dash because I mounted the unit permanently . . Assuming that the Vendor would take care of their problems was a bad choice on my part ... Not to mention I had to pay to ship the camera back to them so they can not honor the warranty .
 I found the camera to heat up causing condensation on the inside of the outer lens . The help desk was sincere but said it was only for short backup not lengthy use . Now the camera has stopped working completely . Another bad feature is you have to manually turn it on each time you want to use it . Basiclly a waste of money .
 Nice large 7 '' monitor . Camera heats up and gets condensation inside which makes viewing foggy . Nice system bad camera . Called Manufacturer who said they are working on a new camera .
 This unit replaced a simple but effective charger . Wish I could go back . Often refuses to `` engage '' because battery voltage is termed `` too low to charge '' . -LRB- Jump start of engine is thus req 'd to get recharge going -RRB- Display is too dim to view in any daylight condition . Controls and error messages are not intuitive , requiring frequent reference to manual . Despite revered brand name , surely there 's something better out there .
 Almost useless . The B&D ; Vectors , as many have pointed out , will not charge a dead battery . So you need an old fashioned charger to precharge it before using the B&D. ; They claim this is to keep you from trying to charge damaged batteries , but this explanation is scant confort on a cold morning when all you want to do is get your car started and get to work and your new charger refuses to ! And I have sucessfully charged many batteries that the B&D ; refuses the charge , and other smart chargers like the Schmachers do not have this problem.Oh , the plastic clamps tend to break - at least , they have on the 3 of these chargers I have personal experience with !
 These vector `` smart '' units are useless . I 've had one for 3 yrs now and not ONCE has it charged a battery . I took the initial unit back since all it did was give me `` fault errors '' . Got the new unit , went to use it a month later , same fault error `` F03 Open Cell '' telling me the battery needed replaced . I have tried to use this garbage unit on at least TEN separate occasions the past couple of years ... F03 fault errors every time ! Funny thing is , my buddies old `` not smart '' Schumacher charged the batteries right up . Reading some reviews , i noticed someone figured out these units wont charge a battery if it is under 4 volts . WTH ? A battery charger that wont charge dead batteries ??? Save yourself the headache , avoid this company at all costs . .
 In my -LRB- current -RRB- remote location , a WORKING battery charger is a good device to have.This space-filler does nothing other thana -RRB- Display `` 000 '' -LRB- or perhaps `` OOO '' -RRB- orb -RRB- Display the `` race track '' LED circuit . Fun for 5-10 seconds.The buttons , other than the `` Off '' / `` Power '' / `` On '' / etc. -LRB- I 'd have to go outside to confirm that syntax -RRB- are `` dead '' . It does not display the battery voltage on a fully-charged and operational `` pila '' in my Z71.Does not do anything with regard to the charge rate button . It 's not as if this has a lot of moving parts and perhaps the flyball controller is busted!I am unable to throw it far enough ... My Call
 read description , picture is about a nitrous purge kit ... but it 's not what you are paying for . . carefull . .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I have a 2000 Dodge Dakota SLT with the Power Mirror option , THESE TOWING MIRRORS WILL NOT FIT ANY VEHICLE WITH POWER MIRRORS !! , They are not even close to working , had to send them back for refund ... less shipping of course , so this was a $ 10 lesson I learned , the description does not tell you these facts , so do n't learn the hard way like I did .
 Do not buy this is a poorly made and cheap product . I bought it and never placed it on my vehicle .
 this produce looks very good , except when installing it tears in the thin spots , and tha instrument around the gauges does not fit , i do not have the company information , i woulg get replacemeny parts as they garanteed all of them , i have 4 pieces that need to be replaced , raymond scott 3602811728
 i took my car in and my mechanic said it 's the wrong part . not sure what went wrong , i followed Amazon 's recommendation based on the my car 's year and model . i wish to return it .
 The brake pad fits ok , but the clips are smaller !! I had to leave the old clips instead !! . very disappointed .
 Like the other rater , this did not come with 8 fuses . Only 2 white , 1 red and 1 blue . I had to buy two of these and they worked for a while . However , older Mercedes Benz 's have copper fuse box connectors . These aluminum fused corrode since they are a different metal . The solution is to use fuses that are made of copper/brass alloy that will not corrode nearly as fast . These are not worth it at all . I would probably be better off wrapping a chewing gum wrapper around the old fuse as a temporary fix over using these . Save your money and get the better fuses .
 Beware that the description lists 8 fuses that are included . This is inaccurate . There are only 4 fuses and a fuse puller in this package . Doubling of the price per fuse makes the value of this item much worse.The fuses themselves are typical European fuses and should be fine .
 I ordered these Quick Struts -LRB- Monroe 171661 Quick-Strut Complete Strut Assembly -RRB- so I would not have to disassemble the strut assemblies only to find out that the back of my car was 3 inches lower than the front after installing all 4 new Monroe quick struts . I found that the rear quick strut assemblies had the wrong springs . When I removed the springs and compared them with the factory springs , the factory springs were 3.5 inches taller , had one more spring loop and were thicker . This was not a case of ordering the wrong strut , there is only one quick strut listed for the 2008 Buick Lacrosse 4 door . DO NOT BUY THESE UNLESS YOU WANT ADDITIONAL EXPENSE AND WORK .
 Even though it says it 's for a 2004 Grand Prix , it is not correct . The 2004 + cars need another bracket welded on the strut . The item is very nice , but just is n't for my car . I have to return them .
 Bought this from Amazon . Both sensors are defective . Called the manufacturer for replacement since it is under warranty and they promised to send me a replacement . Nothing came . Sent it back to Amazon for refund . Will not buy this item .
 when i received the product it had a sticker on it with a price of $ 20 , i paid $ 75 something and feel cheated by the sticker being there , it had been on someone 's shelf for a time ? so if you want me to be happy you may need to lower the price some and guarantee that it wo n't fall apart in the future . it is not a new part . thank you
 I used this exactly as the instructions suggested and even gave it extra time to cure and the patch ripped right through the center 5 minutes into my first drive .
 I had and now again have a leak in my radiator . I have a couple of small cracks in the top plastic portion of my radiator , just opposite where the return hose attaches to the radiator . This seemed like a good solution . I followed the directions carefully . After a couple of days the repair started leaking under the bottom edge where the fiberglass patch ended . Apparently the pressure was too much for the resin to hold . It 's just flooding out along the entire lower edge now . Maybe too much resin pooled along the bottom edge due to gravity . I do n't know . I just thought I 'd share my experience with others .
 I used it as instructed and it failed as soon as the engine warmed to temperature -LRB- waiting overnight for the epoxy to cure -RRB- . The steam forced its way through the epoxy and began escaping at the edges of the patch .
 I cracked my Mazda Miata 's plastic -LRB- who knew it was plastic ? -RRB- radiator when I was disconnecting the top connector.The crack was small so I thought it worth trying this kit.It did not work out for me because the epoxy did n't stick to the radiator well enough . I prepared the surface as the instructions said - but I guess you really need to rough up he surface to get it to stick well.I ended up replacing the radiator - Amazon sells those too !
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 Poor quality for a Bosch product . Was n't aware Bosch had a lesser quality line of products . Guess that explains the low price . Installed the pump , re-assembled the vehicle . Started vehicle , heard a singing noise from under the hood . T'was the new timing belt rubbing against the timing belt cover . Removed cover and discovered the timing belt was trying to walk off the pulleys . Pump was only thing changed besides new pulleys . Installed old pulleys . Again , belt would n't stay centered on pulleys.Narrowed it down to be the pump . Bought an OEM Volvo pump -LRB- $ 230.00 -RRB- and installed . Corrected belt tracking issue . Only visible difference I could see was the Bosch pump pulley has intermittent teeth . Volvo pump does not .
 The model that I needed had spring clips to pull the pads away from the rotor . Two of the clips easily fell off during installation . I am glad that they fell off before I had them installed . I was a bit surprised because I had regarded Raybestos as a top brand , which I no longer do . I had to stop my installation and go buy another set of brake pads -LRB- NOT Raybestos -RRB- . On a good note , Amazon sent me a return shipping label and refunded my money . I love Amazon .
 Stopped working after a week . I should 've expected this from the moment I installed it . It feels like crap-quality and it 's ability to pick up sound is laughable . They should 've designed it to only pick up certain sound frequencies ; for example , only deep , bassy sound . That would 've made this product a lot more useful from the get-go .
 I have bought dozens of steps , nerd bars , & running bars & have never had them come without out out mounting brackets . Two thumbs down !!!!
 its like 18 inch long with no brakets wth , its too small for my bike let alone for a 4dr truck
 The item shown is different than what they sell you , they sell you a STEP BAR , its 18 inches long , NO mounting hardwarethe product they show they are selling is a step rail , I wish they could tell the difference between the two beforecustomers like me buy it then have to return it.PLEASE FIX YOUR AD
 So this little box arrives to the house . I am like `` where is the longer box with the tubes ? '' No this was the only box that measures long enough for one door . This is going back .
 I had a small triangular tear in my favorite nylon jacket . This product makes a lot of claims on its package , so I thought I would try it , even though it seemed expensive . It made a mess ! It 's thin and runny -LRB- and yes , I shook it up as per the directions -RRB- . It did n't dry clear , looks terrible , and worst of all - it did n't stick the tear together at all ! My jacket is much worse off than if I had just left the little tear alone . This product should be banned ! I am going to go back to the store I bought it from , and tell them to stop offering it for sale .
 The product was highly overrated in my opinion ... I was led to believe it would repair tears and holes easily and quickly , and TURN CLEAR ! To my surprise , the product was much more of a liquid than a glue , soaked through several articles of clothing and caused white staining that almost made it look worse than the hole did in the first place ... . I do n't see how anyone found this product helpful . I would rather sew .
 Very difficult to use even for someone skilled in working on craft and sewing projects . If I were to have a rip in a really good piece of furniture or leather clothing , I would have it professionally repaired . I think these are beyond the amateur even if you think you are quite skilled .
 I purchased this item for a repair on a brand new dress shirt that was ripped by a doorway jamb . It repaired the shirt , being white , but the repair was slightly tan . This shirt is not usuable in situations where impecability is required .
 There are a lot of cheap alternative at you local auto shop the are glue too but cheaper
 Did not fit my 1994 Toyota Camry XLE v6 correctly . The product is made really cheap plastic up top . Stsy away from it . I had to return mine
 I ordered 2 units . They were shipped from 2 different locations . Twice the shipping cost.One was completely different and did not work . Never again .
 What more needs to be said it leaked right out of the box would recommend to avoid them . Leaked A Lot !!!
 I bought these because in the past I had good experience with Hella . I learned the hard way that Hella has began outsourcing not only there labor but eveything . Unlike Apple or Coach which makes their products in China at least those companys have quality checks and design the products in the USA . Hella tried to expand to the affortable market by just re branding some lights from autozone as optilux . These are not in any way worthy of the Hella name or even for sale on Autozone . Absolutely no planning went into the beam pattern for these lights . Even though they are 55w they are n't bright because of the poor reflector and that super blue lense looks cheap and not at all like HID . Worst of all they get so hot a few times I burned myself after getting off my Yamaha FJR and accidentally contacting it with my leg . I still have the burn mark on my leg and that was a while ago . I am concerned these are not only an eye soar but a fire hazard . I replaced it with another Hella model which I was n't happy with either and finally exchanged for Bling Lights brand which did the trick . Avoid these like the plague .
 I have a 1998 BMW 323ic -LRB- E36 -RRB- and want I bit more power out of it . I found a great price on Amazon and they sent a kit they said would fit . It arrived quickly with only compression damage on the kit box - the shipping box was the same size ... I spent almost three hours trying to install it . Instructions said to replace all the intake hoses but none of the replacements were the correct diameter . Using original hoses , I got the adapter and filter to the approximate place of where the metal baffle was supposed to be but then the baffle required extremely odd angles to avoid the radiator and sheet metal . To top it all off , the instructions pictured a dissimilar space , non-existent and differently shaped mounting points . I finaly gave up.Amazon uses UPS for returns so , I had to drive 40 miles to find an open shop -LRB- the huge box does not fit in a drop box -RRB- . While K&N ; offers a fine product , no one will tell me yet what fits . This has been a most unpleasant experience .
 Real quick and simple . I like Magnaflow cats , and have always used their direct fits in my other cars . For some reason though this one is only 151/4 '' when the OEM in my car is 17 '' . It 's way too short . Amazon and Mangnaflow both say it fits , but I was the one under the car , it does n't fit ... Also , Amazon 's specs say it 's 17 '' but Magnaflow says on their website it 's 151/4 '' . I wish I had looked that up before this ordering fiasco . 1 star is for misleading description , I 'm sure if you can get it to fit it 's a nice product .
 Same problem as previous poster . It was supposedly 17.75 in . in length , which is what I required , but when I got the part , it was only 15.25 in . in length . A whole 2.5 in . less than what it stated and what I needed . Whoever is putting up the specifications should actually look at the part before they type in random numbers . The part may have been fine , but it does one no good if it does n't fit as it is described .
 well at least this is the same quality as the lights i ordered from procomp.they are a matched set this came with no relay and a cheap switch im not even going to use this piece of crap i guess ill keep it around in case i need some wire to tie something up .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Received the product with holes and slits in the plastic . Once installed the doors will not zip . Not impressed with this product .
 I purchased two rear wheel cylinders for my 82 Tercel . When I got the items one of them did not have a plug in the line connection and looked like it was previously installed due to the scapes and rust on it . The other unit was like new .
 I ordered this product as well as the front floor mats -LRB- set of 2 -RRB- . When I received the order I realized that I should have ordered two of these utility mats because there was only one per order . I was giving them as a gift , but I still had some time to order a second one . I also noticed that there was a color difference between the front mats and the back one . -LRB- The front ones were all pink and the back was a pink on the outside and tannish on the inside -RRB- While they look the same online , I assumed the picture was distorted or something . I realized the mistake when I received the second mat . It was the same color as the front mats from my first order . -LRB- As far as I can tell , this product only comes in pink . -RRB- This leads me to believe that the first one I 'd received had been left in the sunlight for a long time , or something because it was a completely different color then the other three mats . Becuase it was now the day before I was going to give them as I gift , I had to give them as they were . I am not happy at all about this !
 Do not buy this if you are looking for a carbon fiber frame . It is a standard steel frame with a cheesy `` carbon fiber-like '' pattern painted on it.The product description is misleading , to say the least .
 First , the description says made in USA , the blades package sayChina . Second , the blades wo n't cut soft metal , in fact , it has ahard time cutting wood . Really terrible that Amazon would sell suchas this . I expect better , and have , in the past , been better served byAmazon . I 'd send it back , but not worth the effort.Caveat Emptor !
 Does anyone know if these will fit on a 2010 Harley Nightster 1200 ? Looks like noone has ever bought these for anything . Sure be nice if they put what it would fit on .
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 I like the fact it is a glass headlight because the plastic ones get dull overtime , but the plastic is not very shinny and the decal had bubbles in it . Overall , it looked kind of funky on my xl500r honda .
 I am very displeased with this company . Got these bulbs in a very poor packed box . The plastic box they were in was not sealed or labeled . And the bulbs had finger prints on them . Now tell me do you think these are new like the ad states . I returned them and told them and they do not care so I reported it to Amazon after I had a Detective look at them and take photos of them for further action . If you buy bulbs from this company please inspect closely .
 Does NOT FIT !!!!! said it fits a Honda Civic 2000 EX , but the OE Motor does not FIT . How do they expect us to install this product in when it does n't fit the orginal motor ?
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I do n't know if it 's us or them but we ca n't make it fit . I am still trying to figure out if they sent us the wrong one or if we ordered the wrong one or if my very mechanical car guy is somehow missing something on the install ... . Jury is still out .
 Here is an example of a mfgr doing a total bait and switch . Dorman should be condemned to have to install their own parts . The motor has 3 studs and no nuts , no window clips are included the part fits nowhere near an OEM part . The seller , Dorman and Amazon should all be ashamed of this horrible made in China piece of junk !!!!!!!!!!! This is not a case of not knowing how to do this job having done multiples of them . Even some sheet metal had to be cut away to get the too short left cable to make it in . This is the first time I have done a window job with an aftermarket part and the last -LRB- especially for Dorman -RRB- Warning to anyone who needs this . This part is cheap and there is a GOOD reason for it . It is JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! > Additional Info < Well apparently Dorman may not be to blame for this piece of junk I was sent . After researching the issue carefully I looked at the box ... not Dorman ! Researched the part locally DEFINITELY was not sent a Dorman part even thought the seller -LRB- JKD -RRB- advertises as such . I have no idea who made this part . So after seeing an actual Dorman part I think the job would have gone easier -LRB- normal -RRB- and turned out better had the seller been honest and truly been selling a Dorman part.I have ordered parts through Amazon before and have never been cheated like this . They need to get this seller off their ranks.Amazon do your homework and do what is right here kick this seller off !
 Purchased and installed window modulator on a 1996 Dodge Grand Caravan . It did not work well
 As a fan of Amazon , this is a first , and major , disappointment . The item is advertised as a `` Dorman 741-551 '' -LRB- window regulator with motor -RRB- sold by jkdautoparts , with a Dorman warranty.But the item received has no markings as a Dorman product , no packaging as a Dorman product , nothing indicating it as part number 741-551 , and was shipped by Davis Auto Sales . No Dorman , no warranty , and different seller !! No identifying markings on the part at all!The `` switch '' between advertised and shipped is shown by the packaging and packing slip , which used a completely different part number . So the part seems to be a non-Dorman , possibly knock-off , part of questionable quality and origin . Amazon can do much , much better.Unfortunately , the part is needed without further delay and enough time has been spent waiting for delivery . Do n't have more time to waste returning it and waiting for a new order . Hope to never see Amazon doing so poorly again .
 I purchased this window regulator with motor from Amazon in June 2011 . I installed it and every thing fit perfectly . However , after working great for about 8 weeks it suddenly stopped working . I took the door panel off and the cable on the regulator was tied up in knots ... Only had 30 days to return it for refund so I lost my money . This product needs a longer warranty ...
 Ordered a Chilton Repair manual for 1993 GMC Jimmy for my son for his birthday . Did not receive the correct book , Got one for a Sonoma Pick-up . I could not get a hold of them by phone tryed for 2 days , only got a answering machine that was full and you could not leave a message . I e-mailed them and this is the actual responce I got back . `` Per Amazons instructions , this is the manual that we were told to ship.It is possible that Amazon has a listing error on their website . Pleaseunderstand that we have no control over the images , titles anddescriptions , on the Amazon website , but we stand by our service 100 % . `` Then I got this return autroization , it was for the book I wanted in the first place ! I e-mailed back to tell them that is the book I wanted that they never sent . -LRB- Actual E-mail -RRB- Your return request was received . Our representatives will review your request and you will receive a return authorization number and return instructions in your email within 72 hours.Part Number
 Dorman OE Solutions 741-640 Oldsmobile/Pontiac Front Driver Side Power Window Regulator with Motor ... this is for the passenger side window ... item 741-643 is for the drivers side . Very upset to have taken my door apart all together and try to put this in the drivers side ... just to have to put the old one back in because it was wrong item .
 Does not include the back part of the casting -LRB- Beck Arnley does -RRB- . The one I received , several of the smaller mounting holes did not line up with those of my 2006 , 3.5 liter Kia Sorento so I had to return it and buy elsewhere .
 I ordered this water pump in December 2010 for my sebring jxi 2.5 L. Great price , but you get what you pay for . When I received it , I realized only half the water pump was provided . The shipment included metal gaskets and a new o-ring , but only the impeller half of the pump . I had to re-use the inside half of the pump housing off my old one . Granted , gaskets were provided to put the two halves together , but still , a whole pump would have been preferred . If that had been the end of it , I would have given this 3-4 stars , based on price alone . But here it is Sept. of 2011 , 9 months later , and I 'm replacing the pump again . The sebring developed a whine about a month ago , and started overheating last week . I considered contacting the seller , but I needed the car fixed now , not after waiting for emailed correspondence and shipping . At least I 've had some practice now , I replaced the pump with an Aisin pump from Merles automotive supply -LRB- Parts + Plus -RRB- over a saturday . It cost me 96.99 before tax , but the car immediately sounded way better when I fired her back up . I idled her , drove her on the freeway , and idled again . No longer overheating at all , and the car ran hot and boiled before with a casual 2 mile surface street drive at night . This might have been a fluke , maybe I just got a bad part . For the price , and a brand name like Bosch , this seems like a good deal , but the headache of changing a pump out twice definately overrides the savings , even if you can get the seller to provide a free replacement ...
 For a 2003 with grab bars this is a useless piece of plastic , it WILL NOT WORK without severe modification . The instructions say to apply this over the factory pillar piece but to do this you have to remove the grab handle and there is no remount for it without SEVERE modification ? The handle is actually in the edge of the top gauge hole.The grab handle is what holds the factory piece in place ? so without it the pod will just FALL BACK OFF WHEN ATTACHED TO THE FACTORY TRIM THAT IS HELD UP BY THE HANDLE THAT YOU HAVE TO REMOVE TO PUT THIS ON?Strike two for Autometer tried the 15303 dual pod that was supposed to fit , tried this one 17310 and NO GO either.I have given up on the two gauge pod setup and now I have the 15304 SINGLE pod on the way - HOPE THAT ONE FITS ? Will post to let others know15304 arrived and it DOES FIT a 2003 F150 with the factory grab bars although it is only a single pod . Being a single pod it allows for movement up and down the pillar so it can be mounted where you like . The only `` fault '' is the single pod does `` look like '' and add on because it does not cover the whole length of the pillar but I guess that is a sacrifice I will have to make or paint it to match the factory pillar cover .
 I have no idea how this happened at Amazon . This item is worth AT BEST $ 15.00 . Where on earth anyone came up with a 60 dollar price tag for this junk is almost funny . I feel as though someone , somewhere , won a bet . I used it and passed the price along . For me it did not matter as the whole job was a given price .
 The GOOD : Fair price . Excellent fitment . The lift and drive cables appear structurally solid.The BAD : The motor is about 2/3 smaller and quite a bit weaker -LRB- first thing I noticed out of the package -RRB- . My passenger window -LRB- with the new regulator -RRB- is much slower than it used to be . In a comparison test between my 10 year old driver side regulator and the new passenger regulator , here 's what I found ... Old/Bosch
 Purchased Oct 27 2008 . Here we are November 3rd 2009 and its broke . That pretty much says it all .
 I have had to replace this part several times . If you go on-line , you will see that I am not alone . It 's an annual replacement . I 'm not bagging on Amazon . You are my friend . Dodge wanted to charge me over $ 500.00 to fix this . Amazon was about $ 50 . and I did it myself . I feel that Dodge should do a recall and start refunding money.Have a nice day .
 Ordered this part from TKO Auto parts and the next day after installation it broke . After doing some research I learned that the company that makes the part -LRB- Dorman -RRB- has since modified the part . I received and new model from another parts company and it is working perfectly.TKO was very helpful in the return of the damaged part and refunded my money as promised .
 This ad clearly shows FRONT AND REAR window guards ... . I sent my 1st order back after opening up a HUGE box and getting only REAR window guards ... Thinking it MUST be a mistake and looking over this ad again to see if it mentions `` Rear Windows Only '' and NOT seeing that , I Re-ordered these window guards . . Well , I just got another HUGE BOX with only REAR window guards again !!! AM I MISSING SOMETHING ???? Has anyone ordered this set , clearly showing front and rear , only to receive rear guards only ???? otherwise , the rear guards fit well !
 1 . the box arrived that I ordered for my Jeep Grand Cherokee , with Toyota Camry parts . 2 . like the other review , only rear deflector came in . I will be returning some how . Extremely large box for just the small rear window deflector . Do not order ...
 I purchased this car tint for two reasons only -1 . For privacy and reflection of sun 's glare2 . For its removable and reuseable featureHowever , I did not receive the reuseable tint . Based on reading the installation instructions , what I got was normal car tint , which is applied normal as any other car tint . So , I got the wrong item that I purchased.Can someone confirm that this tint is static-cling and actually reuseable and removable ? This is certainly distasteful .
 This product claimed to be compatable with my Dodge . It was not . The brake pads were too small for my car .
 I can second one of the other reviews - one of my lights only lasted one year due to corrosion completely dissolving the negative contact tab . I live in the northern Sierra 's , where salt is prohibited on the roads for environmental reasons , so Hella 's lame road salt excuse does n't hold anywhere near as much water as my lamp housing apparently can . The lights were installed correctly with no issues or problems and there were , and still are no marks or holidays in the exterior finish . Neither of the rubber back caps were ever taken off prior to my looking to see why one light was out . The amount of corroded metal powder that was built up at the back of the housing when I took the rubber cap off was startling and simply touching the negative lead caused the lead come come off with the tab embedded in ball of white powder . The lamp is now worthless and can not be salvaged . A quick search on one of the Toyota 4Runner boards indicated that I 'm far from the first -LRB- or last -RRB- person to suffer this type of failure . Bottom line , this is a pretty piece of crap .
 I 've been using a set of Hella Micro DE Foglights for two seasons now . Mounted under the front bumper of a Honda CRV . One of the lights is OK and the other is completely ruined from corrosion , starting from the inside of the magnesium body housing . The electrical contacts inside are destroyed , the interior of the housing is very oxidized , and there 's several significant holes , completely through the housing itself , caused by corrosion . I contacted Hella direct and was informed that 1 -RRB- the warranty was only for one year 2 -RRB- the problem was my fault for incorrectly installing the light . I was also informed that if the `` protective coating '' on the outside of the light was compromised that road salt would destroy the magnesium housing . My side of the issue
 As mentioned in previous reviews , these lights do not have threaded holes for the brackets to mount to them , with the included screws . Due to this it is very hard to get the screw started , so you cant test fit the locations very well . I have no idea why they designed them this way , but I ended up not even using the lights . They are sitting on a shelf in my garage . Not happy with this design at all . I expected better from Hella .
 I ordered these for my Kawasaki w650 , and waited more than an anxious week for them to arrive . When they did , I was curious about the large packaging . When I opened the box , I found brake shoes for drum brakes - not the disc brake shoes pictured . I will eventually need to replace my rear drum brake shoes , so I kept them , but I was very disappointed with this experience , and had to drive across town to a dealership and pay a premium to get new shoes for my front brake.I am now back on the road , but this kept me off the bike for a couple of weeks during some really nice weather ; all thanks to the wrong product image , oh , and a lack of clear description .
 I ordered a HYPERTECH 1000 Power Stat 160 Degree Thermostat . What I received instead was a 160 degree thermostat made by a company called MOTORAD . It is stamped right on the thermostat . A couple years ago I knowingly purchased a MOTORAD thermostat . After the installation & the first time the vehicle was turned on & allowed to warm up , the thermostat opened & stayed that way . It never regulated the water temperature . It simply failed in the stuck open position . This was the fact when the vehicle cooled off & i removed the thermostat . My experience with MOTORAD has been negative . I will ask Amazon to refund my money or send me a thermostat made by HYPERTECH . If MOTORAD is making thermostats for HYPERTECH , than this is false advertising . Because there apparently is no HYPERTECH thermostat . They should have made it clear that MOTORAD is the manufacturer of HYPERTECH thermostats . A real disappointment .
 DOES NOT FIT ! Bosch website recommends this part # 98066 for my bronco2 / ranger 83-85 2.8 v6 and so does Amazon but it is made different than original equipment . This water pump looks the same in the photo provided but the blades on the backside are different and do not allow the water pump to mount flush against the engine block . I expect better from Bosch than this ! Very disappointing !
 I bought this to use for siphoning out some old gas from a tractor mower that a friend gave me . The first time I used it , it was n't great , but it functioned , the second time I used it , the blue pump part cracked ever so slightly and started leaking gas , and also making the suction less strong . Do n't waste you time or money .
 Well , here 's the thing
 Amazon 's vehicle/part matching program told me this would fit my 93 honda prelude , 2.2 L VTEC , yet when I received the part and attempted to install it I realized the fittings for the belt tensioners were missing , rendering the part useless . In addition , the part felt lightweight and a little flimsy . I guess you get what you pay for . I will never be using amazon 's part match program again . Also , I received this product in September , realized it was not the right part in October , and now in January have yet to receive any refund for the product .
 I ordered the `` Hypertech PowerStat Low Temperature 180 degree Thermostat '' because Hypertech recommended it to complement the Power Module I purchased earlier.After spending over two hours flushing my radiator and installing the new `` Low Temperature '' thermostat along with 2 gallons of fresh Prestone Dex-Cool Antifreeze for a total cost of $ 70 -LRB- $ 50 for the T-Stat , $ 20 for the antifreeze and $ $ $ $ for my time -RRB- , I started my 2000 GMC Sierra and it actually ran a few degrees hotter than it did with the OME thermostat.I emailed Hypertech Tech Support on July 22nd and have yet to receive a reply to my inquiry .
 This Lund Auto Ventshade Ventvisor is easy to install . It tapes to the inside felt seam of the window in the channel . I purchased the 4 piece smoke set for a 2008 Ford F250 Crew Cab . The front visors do not fit well in the front corners . Some of the tape is still exposed , which looks terrible . The back visors fit very well , but they make a clicking noise at highway speeds and on rough pavement . It 's almost as though they tap against the window , but you ca n't see it while riding in the back . These are junk . Save your money . Try a different brand .
 While the material , weight , and elasticity are great , it 's my opinion that the cover is a bit short . I have a Triumph Speedmaster and it just barely fits over the back lights and only half way down over the front tire . While this is sufficient , it certainly does not fit as pictured . The quality , as previously mentioned , is quite nice although you should let the bike cool before placing the cover over the pipes . *** UPDATE *** After a couple of months using this , it has developed a rip where the handlebar grip touches the cover . I have noticed that the material is becoming more and more brittle . An unfortunate development . I do not keep my bike in a garage so this cover is exposed to cold , heat , rain , wind ... You name it . Anyway , I have to lower my orginal rating of 3 down to a 1 . The product just has n't stood up against the elements and it has only been a few months . *** UPDATE PT2 *** This motorcycle cover has torn at nearly all stress points . If it has n't actually torn , it 's worn down to just a few threads wherever the cover comes into contact with any non-rounded edges . The ONLY situation where I might recommend this cover it would be for use in an eclosed space like a garage , in order to keep the dust off it . If you use it outdoors , you 'll get a couple of decent months out of it before it begins to fall apart.Bottom line , I absolutely DO NOT recommend this product for outdoor use !
 they need to list product size on the page so you can measure your bike and get the right size . listing the size of the box is useless .
 If you have a 2010 Ram Crew Cab and this product came up do not purchase as it is for the MUCH smaller quad cab windows . For some reason Amazon 's -LRB- make sure it fits -RRB- app did not work on this one.Luckily amazon was good about it and paid for return shipping I had to order mine from truckaddons.com and spoke to a salesman who got me the right part the first try .
 I ordered these shades and used the configuration tool on Amazon.com and the shades would not fit . The truck that needs them is a 2006 Dodge Ram Mega Cab and the rear shdeds are about 6 inches too short .
 This product does not accurately read methanol percentages . The meter jumps up and down and is difficult to read . We tested it in our lab because our field people complained so much . Finaly we decided to return them .
 I have had no luck with ordering auto parts on Amazon . This is the second time I received the wrong items . Since it was for two different vehicles I do n't think it is me !!!
 Would love to give a review , but have n't received item . Received incorrect item returned incorrect item and fully expected to receive correct item but have n't so far
 This is the wrong product title for this model number . This model number fits the left REAR , not the left driver side . I verified this on Dorman 's website and on Autozone . The model number you need for the left driver side is 742-349 .
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 This fuel tank cap does not fit my 2004 Land Rover Discovery . I did not send it back because I was too lazy .
 My jeep Grand Cherokee bounces like a rubber ball . I had to buy different shocks . Would not buy them again
 Hub wont fit my truck , -LRB- 2003 F250 Ford Superduty -RRB- or at least I ca n't figure it out . This is not my 1st mechanic project , and I 'm not a dummy . The directions are generic for all applications . I emailed Warn a couple weeks ago for help ... never got a reply .
 The second set of hubs to leave use stranded ! Top of the line . LOL ! I give up on Warn do to this !
 one of the springs was not attached the lock-out would ` nt disengauge for somthing this expensive you would think it would be right .
 I guess this falls under the catagory
 I have a Chrysler 300 so I needed some soft racks that fit a big car . These racks do the job . I only 6 miles from the ocean front and have not had any issues yet .
 It is compact and convenient for instant use purpose , as it takes 5-10 min for me to set it up from scratch . However , in rain , drips from the strap make the interior wet pretty much . It may be more problem by the material -LRB- webbing -RRB- , rather than the thickness of the strap . Since my car is a 1 year old Mazda 3 , the door shield is almost in the perfect condition .
 First off , this an aluminum and plastic radiator , not copper and brass as in the picture . I ca n't really review the radiator itself , because I have received two damaged ones and will be getting the next one from the local parts store . This radiator was purchased directly from Amazon , not from a third party via Amazon . I have purchased similar Proliance radiators from the parts store , and they come in a heavy double-wall box with spray-foam in bags around the tanks . You would basically have to run over it with a car to damage it . The radiator from Amazon was shoved into a box that it does n't even fit in with zero packing material between the tanks and the cardboard . There were a few token pieces of bubble-wrap stuffed into the box doing nothing to protect the radiator . The corners of the radiator tanks and the hose connections were knocking holes through the box . The core of the radiator was beat up and warped . Somebody also needs to learn how to apply tape . This package had a single piddly piece of tape halfway holding it shut . I 'm surprised the radiator did n't fall out during shipment . I stupidly ordered a replacement , citing the option for `` damaged due to inappropriate packaging '' , hoping for a better outcome . It arrived in the exact same box with the exact same useless packing material . The box was actually taped shut this time , but that was of no help . The side of the fill neck was broken off the second one . I 'll be returning them both to Amazon . So much for trying to save any money . I should have just spent the extra $ 60 at the parts store to not have to deal with this stupidity.Update
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Sure the price is inviting , but do n't waste your money/time on this incomplete kit like I did . The OEM Mariner kit 21-30430A14 is what you need . It includes the two check valves needed to get the pump to work the way it did years ago . Amazon offers it for only $ 21 and yes , I ended up getting that kit and taking the pump back apart to fix it right .
 The picture would indicate that this does n't fit in my 2006 Ford Expedition ????? Anymore pictures available ?
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 UPDATE -LRB- April
 The Jump-starter works fine , but the air compressor is cheaply constructed with plastic gearing . Inflating a tire that is completely flat causes the pump to get very hot , the hot metal part melted the plastic gears in my pump . The pump will stop working when it overheats , but the damage will be done . The jump-starter and light will be the only thing that will function afterward .
 Vector -LRB- VEC012C -RRB- Jump Start System - - MY RATING - VERY POOR.I 'm very disappointed in labeling and documentation . The ac recharging adapter is not labeled for brand/device , and I 've befuddled it with a bunch of other leftover adapters in my junk drawer . I 've got a handful that fit the recharging hole , so which is it ? Naturally they are n't labeled as to what device is matched for which adapter - all different recharging -LRB- watt/amps , etc -RRB- specs . I do n't want to burn up my unit with the wrong one or set my house ablaze either -LRB- not quite Christmas yet -RRB- . The manufacturer -LRB- Vector brand -RRB- is too cheap to have a simple website , so I was n't able to find the documentation manual or any useful online adapter notes with power specs . Why ? The product is discontinued -LRB- per a website -RRB- . None of the Vector sales sites on the web -LRB- including this one - Amazon ! -RRB- do n't have documentation or much detailed info -LRB- simple power/adapter specs ?? -RRB- , reminding me again to beware of quick-buck online sales.My Vector device still has all the labels , but none of them have any specs at all , not even simple milliamps/power notes . That is truly bad . I was going to blame it on cheap foreign design , but nothing states country -LRB- or anyplace -RRB- of origin . No website label or contact info , nothing but big letters announcing how many wonderful amps it puts out for jump starts , etc.I 'm still digging to find out power/current/voltage specs - with the specs I can manually compute what power rating the adapter the adapter requires . Nothing available yet - I 'll end up wasting more in research time than the product cost me -RRB- . For these valid reasons , my rating is VERY POOR for this product . Shame on those who keep selling it.Think about it - Vector was too cheap to spend a penny on a basic specs label on the visible EXTERIOR of the unit . How cheap are the INSIDE non-visible component parts ? No label , no contact info , no company phone , no website , nothing but more and more nothing . This is terrible quick-buck business malpractice.Concerning actual function , it is also poor - the unit just barely emitted any air when I tried to use it to pump air into the semi-flat tires of my hand-push furniture dolly cart . It took a long time at that trickle , and what an ungodly racket it makes . The little flashlight thingey is the best part of the unit , which is a helpful feature for night-emergencies , but good luck with anything else.Amazon and other sites are still pimping and peddling remaining inventories of this unit and who knows what other cheaply made , potentially hazardous stuff ... . I am ticked , but I learned my lesson . My payback is this long review . Hopefully you 'll benefit by buying something else before you have a story of a cheap unit blowing up or some other misfortune . Amazon and other should also consider the possible dangers they might be peddling to their customer base ... - Chip -LRB- Virginia Beach , VA - 2009Dec10 -RRB-
 My particular model was the Vector Veco105 but is nearly identical to this model in appearance and function except for the compressor , which it does not have . My experience has been similar to that expressed in other reviews , unfortunately . The DC charger broke after a few uses . Attempts to use other chargers have produced three green lights indicating full charge , however the charge was not maintained for long and the unit could not start my car . I have concluded that the rechargeable battery is extremely poor quality . This was discovered a little after the warranty expired however and so after one use , the unit is worthless .
 I had this for 2 yrs during which I used couple of times to jump start my car . The battery does not charge any more and I am left this 10 lb crap in my garage .
 I thought I was going crazy until I found these other reviews . Confirmed I could never get my tires inflated , in fact , I think I was loosing air . I thought I did something wrong in not aligning the plugs . I kept it charged religiously until I forgot and a year lapsed . Then I find the carpet in my truck is damp . I must have came from the battery because the cardboard box it came in was wet and deteriorated . Tried to recharge it but there 's not even a red light ... dead as a door nail . It 's really heavy . Ca n't believe I brought it from reputable place like Pep Boys and did n't return it . Now 5 years later , all I got is a heavy paperweight .
 To all out there trying to contact Vector . You should go to -LSB- ... -RSB- I found Vector starter systems there and the company name is Vector Products , Inc. . Good luck to you all . Mike from Indiana
 these things are junk . weak fastening system does not allow you to fully tighten them or adjust them resulting in a constantly wobbly light . i wound up giving them to my brother who put them on his tractor . they lasted half a day before eventually falling off . do not buy these . oh yeah ... the instructions were in french . . WTF > ?
 The Fog lights did n't seem to be to bad but it 's one of the worst mounting options i 've seen . Ca n't give it a good review because of that . Plus there is n't any directions in English , but you can figure it out .
 the mounting bracket on these is terrible . its a slot cut into the plastic housing with a screw comming out . the slot is way too big with no protection from water . it seems like this product would break within a week of driving in some rain . the picture of this product on amazon does NOT match the actual product . besides the huge slot for the mounting , the glass is held on by two cheap peacies of plastic that also do not seem to seal the light housing.Long story short , this product is very cheap , and does not seem like it will last . I am pretty upset about product not matching the picture . if i had seen this type of mounting style , i would not have bought this product.I recommend spending the extra couple bucks to get a product of better quality .
 I give this baja truck light a 1 star review due to the fact , I order one model and they send another , which was not even baja brand . I know baja is a reconizable company with quality products . My dads truck had Baja brand lights , and this was over 15 years ago . Next time please send the item in the picture . This is false advertisement .
 short and sweet , this item is no more powerful than stock headlights . I put them on and they put out less light than my bright headlights . Do not bother with this item unless you want to use it as an `` alley light ''
 The lights are okay for the price but there were parts missing . Not expensive parts but it 's a hassle to start installation then stop to go to the hardware store . There was n't enough wire , it was short one lock washer , and it was missing wire connectors . Not expensive , just frustrating .
 i ordered these lights thinking hey these look good and are cheap and are on the top of the serach list of amazon for fog lights plus it had alot of good reviews but these did not work right for me they were very dim and when you would unplug one the other would get a little brighter but still not like a fog light should . and i had them hooked up correctly also
 I bought these not expecting a whole lot , I knew they were cheap , but I was n't expecting one of the lamps to go out within a month of ownership with minimal use . Not to mention , they can be QUITE difficult to mount and keep in the position they were originally mounted . But , I suppose this could vary by vehicle .
 After playing with it for 2 hours , I finally realized it would not hold a vacuum and pump oil even though the instructions show that vacuum leaks are a problem with these units . Amazon accepted the return . .
 Tried to extract diesel fluid on various ocassions . System failed to do it 's job . Very disapointed .
 This system requires a vacuum and the seals on mine failed after the 2nd use and it would no longer hold a vacuum . They should have just made a pump system instead .
 I was very disappointed that the flimsy plastic tubings -LRB- that connect the dip tube to the tank -RRB- collapsed as soon as the hot oil got to them , cutting off vacuum . Only by continuously manipulating the tubes by hand can the system continue to suck oil . Perhaps newer units dont have this problem .
 I bought this locally , after trying a much cheaper siphon system that was even more useless . As others have mentioned , this item will not consistently hold a vacuum right out of the box . Without modifying the unit in such a way as to make it unreturnable -LRB- and making it even more expensive -RRB- , this item will not function.Save your money and time , either buy something metal , or continue doing changes the same way . Unless you have a vehicle with a top-mounted filter , you 'll be getting underneath the vehicle anyway .
 I was hoping that this `` name brand '' part would have a sight glass on the top , like the OEM part does . No such luck . I would guess it will perform properly , but without the sight glass it is difficult to determine if your AC system is filled with the proper amount of refridgerant .
 Amazon has a system in place for buying things like these mud flaps to make sure that they will fit your car . I went through that process , chose the correct modeal , make and year and ordered mud flaps that supposedly fit my car . They did n't . I was having some body work done to my car and had asked about putting mud flaps on . The guy at the body shop said he 'd be happy to put them on for me for no charge . When I got the car back he told me that he tried to put them on but there 's no place to attach these on my car , a Buick Riviera . He showed me and there was no surface that these could be attached to in my wheel well . The product is probably good but I have no way of confirming that . Be carefull when ordering online , they may not fit even though it says they will .
 It 's the only radiator I could find and it has PLASTIC top and bottom , which I KNOW will crack in about two to three years ! I HATE THIS PURCHASE BUT I HAD NO ALTERNATIVE ! If you can find an all aluminium radiator pay what ever extra and do it , you will save a lot more money long term . Unless your screwing people over in resell or trade in , then that 's up to you . For me even I would invest in the well being of others ! HATE THIS PLASTIC!Product fit , no problem with installing , looking at trashing my car , simply because I wo n't be able to depend on this part . PLASTIC % ^ $ % $ & #
 The description header called this item a `` light '' . They are a pair . I bought two lights and ended up with 2 pair . -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars is cheap for 1 light , for a pair I would have passed them by . For 55 Watt halogen lights they are dim and yellow . My 6 year old headlights are way brighter . The light itself looks nice but the mounting hardware is pressed sheet steel , very thin and bends just breathing on it . They are already catching moisture inside after 2 days . I will try to put 100 watt bulbs in them and see if there is any hope since I fashioned brackets already . Im probably throwing good money after bad.A great idea
 I tried this on my leather couch and after a couple of months the product wore off and the holes opened up again .
 We bought this to fix a tear in the leather seat of our car . The product maybe works for about a day , and then the tear is back . Avoid this product .
 I bought this product because I needed something that would set up very fast . I had a couple dozen tears in three camo hunting blinds . It worked very well . I have yet to determine how strong the mends will be and how long they will last . My only complaint so far is that the product is quite costly for the amount you get and that 2/3rds of my bottle was wasted because it set up in the bottle once my repair was finished . I closed the cap between each repair and worked very fast but once used , there is enough air in the bottle to cause it to set up . Do n't think I would buy it again .
 This mirror replacement for the 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee is a disappointment because the mirror glass vibrates even with engine idling and continues when driving . This causes an annoying blur of images when looking in the mirror . Not sure if the one I received is defective or this is a general attribute to this model . The product did fit as expected and is functional but significantly lacks quality of the original . Probably will return and look for a different model rather than replace with the same product . A video on youtube tremendously helped me understand how to remove the old mirror and install the new one , I highly recommend looking for it for any Jeep Grand Cherokee mirror replacement to learn how to do it .
 Have purchased Bestop products in the past so this is not my first experience ... but not happy with this bikini top and windshield channel . Already had bikini top on jeep , do n't understand why had to purchase new channel to make this top fit ... consider this somewhat of a `` rip off '' . Quality of screws sent with channel were crap ... had to go purchase self tapping screws that would n't break at the heads ... bikini top does not fit in side channels as previous top did ... would not recommend or purchase this top again .
 I ordered a set of spark plug wire and only received 2 wires in my order - returning product and now I have to wait for a replacement .
 I ordered this through Amazon and was assured by both Amazon and Jafrum it was in stock . However , not only was it apparently given to someone else , but I was never told the status of my order . I had to Google the vendor phone number and email address -LRB- which they would never respond to , hence the phone call -RRB- . At which time they said they had to backorder it . Later I found out after another phone call that they had canceled the order without advising me . Beware when dealing with Jafrum , although they have low prices , their service leaves much to be desired .
 I bought this lock in November after our second trailer had been stolen -LRB- they cut thru the padlocks -RRB- . At that time our trailer was buried in snow and ice and we couldnt see the wheels much less put this lock on a wheel . We got a melt in early March , I handed it to my husband to put it on the trailer and he came back in and said `` where are the keys ? '' There were no keys to this thing . I would expect the keys would have been taped to the lock but they werent . I contacted the company with several emails to get a set of keys but they NEVER RESPONDED . So all we got is a very expensive door stop . PFFFFFFT . Lousy company who deserves to go belly up in this economy because they dont care about their customer .
 Do not buy any product from this merchant ! He is dishonest and does not honor his selling price for the quantities of the products he sells . He -LRB- Jason : Mgr -RRB- then contacts you and states he will not honor the asking price but will sell it to you at a much higher price ! When you refuse , the merchant immediately cancels the order with Amazon to prevent you from filing a complaint or claim on him . He also refuses to provide any means of contacting the owner of the store or provide you with his last name . At this point , the only way to file a complaint is through locating the very difficult to be found Amazon customer service number .
 i bought this item and within the first week the lock broke , i had to weld the piece back on
 They look and feel ok , except that the rubber nibs from one mat sink into the one below it so it looks like you have a bunch of perforations in the mat -LRB- I 'm assuming this is from when they are in storage or are packed -RRB- . I would guess that this would go away after some use . Unfortunately they must have cut to the wrong pattern because they did not fit my car at all . I am returning them and will probably order from someone that maintains inventory specifically for my make/model .
 After 30 years of reliable service from my Accel module and super coil , I thought I would freshen up my HEI with new components . Well , the D2000 -LRB- flame-thrower ? -RRB- module lasted 3 months and then died . After repeated attempts to contact `` tech support '' , they never even got back to me . So I re-installed my 30 year old components and I 'm cruising with no issues . Furthermore , I saw no improvement in performance over my old Accel set up . Staying with what works ...
 I ordered this through Amazon and was assured by both Amazon and Jafrum it was in stock . However , not only was it apparently given to someone else , but I was never told the status of my order . I had to Google the vendor phone number and email address -LRB- which they would never respond to , hence the phone call -RRB- . At which time they said they had to backorder it . Later I found out after another phone call that they had canceled the order without advising me . Beware when dealing with Jafrum , although they have low prices , their service leaves much to be desired .
 I bought this to replace my original unit that still worked , but seemed to engage too frequently in city driving in hot weather . Very annoying because it 's noisy . I bought the first fan clutch and installed it . It did not work . It was fully engaged all the time . I sent it back and got another one . It did not work either , had the same problem . Installing these and reinstalling the original twice is not real fun as it takes special tools , coolant must be drained ect . This time I contacted Hayden directly . They tested one for correct operation and sent it to me . I just got around to installing it a couple months ago and it works somewhat.It takes 7 miles of driving before the clutch unlocks , so even if it 's 10 below zero on a cold start the fan is engaged full for this time . After that it works fine for the rest of the day , however if the engine is stopped for more than 10 minutes , the fan re-engages , so 7 miles of noise . I would n't call this acceptable or normal behavior , so after 500 miles of testing I removed this unit and again reinstalled the original that works fine 95 % of the time . It took a lot of time and aggravation and I can safely say this Hayden clutch does not work .
 I ordered this through Amazon and was assured by both Amazon and Jafrum it was in stock . However , not only was it apparently given to someone else , but I was never told the status of my order . I had to Google the vendor phone number and email address -LRB- which they would never respond to , hence the phone call -RRB- . At which time they said they had to backorder it . Later I found out after another phone call that they had canceled the order without advising me . Beware when dealing with Jafrum , although they have low prices , their service leaves much to be desired .
 1 . El material es muy malo2.Si son large entonces compren extralarge porque andan perdidos con las medidas los fabricantes .
 I ordered this through Amazon and was assured by both Amazon and Jafrum it was in stock . However , not only was it apparently given to someone else , but I was never told the status of my order . I had to Google the vendor phone number and email address -LRB- which they would never respond to , hence the phone call -RRB- . At which time they said they had to backorder it . Later I found out after another phone call that they had canceled the order without advising me . Beware when dealing with Jafrum , although they have low prices , their service leaves much to be desired .
 I received an obviously-used item , which may mean it 's defective . With electrical items it 's difficult to tell . I 've requested a replacement , since it was advertised as new and unused .
 I bought 12 of these mre heaters and noticed on the heater a date of us1990 oh.Not one of the 12 heaters worked do n't waste your money .
 Axle is great ! Axle bearings that come with the axle are junk , fall apart , Had to buy bearings from Napa . Another $ 40.00 . Felt great .
 Although this product is convienent to use , it does n't do a very good job of filling the inner space . Our results were all over the place . Would not recommend this product but would advise others to use a traditional thread locker , if they really need something thread locked .
 If I 'd been able to turn the locking mechanism in a store , I would never have purchased this lock . The lock is really flimsy and cheap feeling , especially compared to the heavy duty lock on The Club -LRB- red cover -RRB- . This lock is a visual deterrent , but I do n't hold out much hope of it stopping a determined thief . Next time I 'm buying The Club . One other annoying thing about this lock , you ca n't put it on without the key like a more expensive club , and the key is really hard to turn and feels like it is going to break when you turn it .
 I 'm very disappointed , It does not fit.Well , I tried hard and cut the glass around with a diamond glass cutter , and stick it with a tape.It works so long .
 The first unit never worked right out of the box then the replacement unit worked for 3 months . It failed on a 111 deg day in Arizona . Neither the manufacturer nor Amazon will warranty it . Fortunately my car did n't overheat but do n't trust your vehicle to this piece of junk fan controller !
 I 've had two of these fan controllers fail in a period of one year . Each time resulting in an overheated engine . The second time I got my pickup home just in time to shut off the engine before damage occurred.Wouldn ' t recommend this product to anyone . The problem is with a bad product from Hayden , not with Amazon .
 I purchased this thermostatic controler with the hopes of overiding a quirky stock system . Installation was pretty easy and unit worked as decsribed when intially installed . The very next day after a few cycles of turning itself on and off , the controller part of thhis unit melted . The wires burned completely through the insulation rendering it useless . I would recommend staying away from this product , as it seems cheaply made and unreliable .
 I installed the 3647 along with a set of 3800 dual fans . Everything worked well for about 2 weeks . Then it rained . An hour of driving in the rain and the relay started making noises and both fans stopped . So I tried to contact Hayden . They require your First Name , Last Name , Title , Company , Site , Address , City , State/Province , Zip/Postal Code , Country , Phone Number , Fax Number , Email Address before you can even submit an email to them and then they do n't answer it . If you try to use their online tech support they do n't reply . In short the product broke the first time it rained and Hayden provided no support . I will now have to remove the fans and relay , install the old fan and fan clutch , return the relay , wait until the relay comes in , remove the mechanical fan and fan clutch , rewire the relay and fans , install the electric fans . I 'm not a happy camper at all .
 When I recieved this control unit I installed it that night . The control unit caught fire as soon as the relay clicked , so I had a replacement overnighted and was quick to install this one too . When I sent power to this new unit the ground wire literally exploded . All my voltage readings where right where they shouldve been too . I 'm an auto tech so I know what I 'm doing and how to properly test everything so I know the issues werent operator error . I rarely wright reviews but this product is so poorly made I feel I should let people know . Stay away from this brand/company
 Have had 2 of these fail in a month . First was purchased from amazon and worked perfectly for about a week until it failed in the off setting . Fan would not come on no matter the temperature . Replaced it at my local parts store and all was well for 3 weeks . The new one has now failed stuck in run mode so now the fan runs all the time . Do n't waste your money guys
 I ordered this part for my husband for his truck . He has been a mechanic for over ten years and has experience in installing new controls . This part worked for four months when my husband noticed that the fan was not coming on . Eventually , the truck began to overheat so he had to connect the fan another way . My problem is not so much with the part itself as things will malfunction from time to time . My frustration comes from the fact that Amazon has no options to deal with this issue other than to return it at our expense . The only options given for this order is to `` return product '' or `` post a review '' . On all of my orders not sold by Amazon there is a link to contact the seller ; however this option is not given for Amazon .
 i 'm not happy with my purchase . installed the product exactly as the installation instructions specify , and it does n't work . i 've contacted the manufacturer and i 'm informing you of the problem i am experiencing . i could n't find a link that would allow me to begin a dialogue on how to resolve this issue , so i 'm trying this approach . i hope it works and i can get this situation resolved . if i ca n't get this rectified , i wo n't use Amazon again .
 well i spent the time & hooked it up only for it to NOT WORK . followed the diagnostics in the instruction & its a faulty controller module . what a POS , all the bad reviews are right .2 / 20/12 The second one seems to be working fine for now .10 / 24/12 This piece of garbage just quit working on me again.THANKS for the overheated engine and piece of sh!t controller hayden .
 Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk unless you want your vehicle to overheat . I bought this one and it did n't work from the second I put it in . I 'm not a beginner at wiring but I rechecked all connections and they were right . So I went to the parts store and bought the identical one . It worked for a day and then it stopped and nearly overheated my truck . I would n't put another one in if I was paid to do it . You 're better off throwing your money in the trash because that 's what you 'll end up with . I do n't write reviews , but hopefully this will save you some headache and money . It has one star because it would n't let me give it zero or negative stars .
 First one worked for about 2 weeks , then randomly would not come on . Upon reading the reviews here , I 'm not even going to bother swapping it out for a replacement unit under warranty . I 'll just get my money back .
 Had one of these products on my truck for 10 years . When it finally failed I thought I was going with a product with a good track record . Not the case . Bought another one and it lasted about 13 to 14 months . My guess is the Chinese are making them for Hayden now . Do n't waste your money on these . It may last and it may not . Fortunately when this last one failed it did so in the shop and I did n't get stranded out on the road . Save your money and look for a reliable product . This one is not reliable .
 installed it as instructed and it worked for 1 month ... I thought it was the fan that burned out since it was 20 + years old ... so i purchased a SPAL fan ... NOPE it 's this POS SWITCHdo n't bother buying it because hayden will not honor a warranty claim .
 Installed it following directions exactly , worked great for a week , then the relay stayed &#34; on &#34; all the time never turned it self off .
 To who it may concern , I ordered the hayden 3647 adjustable thermo fan control , works ok but will not turn fan on when a/c is turned on . everything else works ok.Sincerely , Clyde Richmond
 Lasted about 2 months , then died , nearly killing my engine when it overheated . Avoid this product at all costs , there are better units out there , maybe a bit more cash but worth every penny .
 The Hayden product did NOT work . The troubleshooting instructions guided me through a number of steps to include cutting the wires to the control box in order to help isolate the problem . This , in fact , led to identifying the problem as a bad control unit . I did not process the item for return as I had cut two wires , but again , I did so per the enclosed Hayden instructions .
 BOUGHT FAN CONTROL EARLIER GOT IT INSTALLED WORKED FINE FOR TWO WEEKS THEN FAILED TO TURN FAN ON CUT ORANGE WIRE AND RAN TO 12 VOLTS TO GET HOME
 Have honestly waited patiently for this package to arrive at my house but nothing yet . Originally ordered early June and now almost July ! What Kind of business are they running , only because Amazon has a good name they go ahead and take advantage .
 The description of this product is very misleading . It indicates it is replacement glass for the outside passenger mirror , but it adheres via tape on the back of the glass , NOT with actual hardware . This would never last for any significant period of time on a truck that is driven outdoors in all different types of weather . I really do n't see what the point of this product is unless you just needed a VERY temporary mirror to cover a cracked mirror for a very short period of time .
 There was nothing wrong with this mirror , I 'm sure it would fit earlier models of the Jeep Cherokee , but the drop down menu said it would fit my 2001 . Amazon was good about the return and refund but thier fitment menu is wrong . I called the manufacturer and they said it only fit uo to 97 models . Please fix your drop down fitment chart !
 This is supposed to be a custom fit for my 2007 Honda Shadow Spirit 750DC , but it did not fit at all . There was no room for my brake assembly . It pulled it tight next to my exhaust pipe and did not work anymore . I do n't see how there was any other way to install it . I followed the directions and it just did not fit . I read how other people with the same bike did manage to get it installed without any problems , so I 'm just not sure what happened . Now I have to pay for the return shipping and will probably be charged an expensive restocking fee .
 thought i would save a few bucks by buying this online . gaskets WERE NOT in the box as advertised . found out the hard way half way into the water pump job . had to go down and get new gaskets at the local parts store . worked good after everything was installed .
 i ordered this because in the picture it shows to have the tubes , the tubes is what breaks and you cant buy them seperate , there are plenty on heater cores showing they do n't come with tubes online and show that , this one shows it does but does n't .
 This fan model has FAILED on me TWICE ! I installed the first one and it ran for about a year , then failed . I received replacement fan , went thru the LABORIOUS work of having to install a SECOND time , and a little over a year later IT HAS ALSO FAILED . I do n't know how reliable their other models are , but this one has been terrible , for me . It was wonderful when it worked -LRB- used on AC condenser -RRB- , but it 's a TERRIBLE pain to replace when broken . I have to partially loosen the grill , the radiator , remove a headlight and license plate on my '99 Nissan Pathfinder to work on it -LRB- IN TEXAS HEAT !! -RRB- . Unfortunately , I 've wasted my time and money on this purchase AND will STILL have to spend more time and more money to buy and install a Zirgo BLU or Mishimoto fan , which will have a LIFETIME WARRANTY -LRB- and hopefully , be more reliable as well -RRB- . These Hayden electric fans are only warranted for 1 year .
 they look nice when you first take them out of the box , but it raind one time and got all fogged up and moisture inside of them , never buy cheap lights again
 Well , finally it does fit and that 's what counts , but the quality I got here did not really impress me at all . The mirror is completely made out of plastic , so I expect the chrome to come off in a couple of years . Furthermore the cable is not equipped with the 11/4 inch grommet as indicated on the product photo , there also is no sealing gasket for inbetween the plastic housing and the door included -LRB- this was included with the passenger side mirror though -RRB- . So if you want to replace the mirrors of your car , this one will fit , but do not expect it to be high quality and get yourself some sealing material and the grommet from somewhere else before you start.The installation is not too difficult then . Remove the trim inserts and the buttons / crank handle from the door , then the door panel is fixed by two screws -LRB- one in the lower corner , the other behind the lock-button -RRB- and several metal clips . Remove the screws and pull the trim away from the door starting at the bottom . When all clips are out the panel can be lifted up and off the door - if not , look through the opening of the door handle in the panel and you should be able to see the panel being stuck in a edge of the door . Use a plain screw driver to push the panel inwards , away from the edge.You DO NOT have to remove the splash-shield , Instead you 'll find the plug for the mirror right behind the loudspeaker . From there on the replacement is straight-forward - provided you have the grommet and sealings !
 I was extremely disappointed with these floor mats . They were cheaply constructed - so they have been returned . Got much nicer ones at Walmart !
 please do n't pay attention to the images attached when ordering this product . this is not for the main grille on your vehicle . this is for the little lower grill across the bottom.ordered this for a gift for my husband . Fast shipping - thank you Amazon but when it arrived it is for the lower grille , not the main grille as pictured .
 Turns out that the problem was n't the old struts it was the supper stiff hatch glass hinges . I oiled the hinges and replaced the old struts for like new function . The strut to glass attachment is the weak link and can not survive the extra forces generated by overcoming stiff hinges or too stiff struts .
 This product does not fit my Audi A4 1.8 quattro as stated . The holes line up on the valve cover but the electrical connections do not match . Returned .
 I agree with Robert these are not heavy duty , The wire is only a little heavier than 8 and less than 6 . Everyone but Robert bragged how good they are , I thought Robert was wrong . Turns out he is the only one that knows his stuff . Now I have cheap cables for boosting lawnmowers and such .
 These are not heavy duty . They are not 4 gauge as advertized . Maybe 8 awg but definately not 4 .
 This is not a # 4 wire . I thought it looked pretty thin so I measured the diameter with calipers , and found it to be just under 0.13 '' . This more closely corresponds to # 8 which has a diameter of 0.1285 . It seems to have decent enough clamps but this is nothing more than undersized wire with very thick insulation.I 'm returning mine . This really hacks me off . This is the second time recently that I have bought something from Amazon that was very different from the description .
 I was extremely disappointed with these floor mats . They were cheaply constructed - so they have been returned . Got much nicer ones at Walmart !
 they said it was the step board but it is not its just the kit thats all
 keys remote were not in greatest shape . spray painted clear to look like it was newer and they have to be right next to car to work
 Unfortunately the product did not work . Need to take the vehicle to a locksmith or auto shop to trouble shoot the item and vehicle together . This vehicle does n't have a valet switch in order to program the remote .
 The price is for a brake hose with proportioning valve . Yet when they ship there was no proportioning valve , but i was charged for it.They sent a replacement , but with the same result , no proportioning valve , again , only the rubber hose was shipped in the box .
 What is it with these sellers ? Do they think everyone is ignorant or what ? I 'm not going to buy something where I know the quantity is more than one but I do n't know how many are in a bag !!!
 Bought this item in the hopes to install myself . After opening the package I find out i need to drill into the frame of my Jeep and peel back some of my wheel well lining . Product says `` No drilling required '' `` Easy installation . '' Far from it ! The bar looks great ... Once I get it on the Jeep we will see if it was worth it ...
 I ordered these as a replacement for the Smitty Built bars I 've had for ten years since they were starting to develop rust . I assumed that they would be an even swap out and I could use the existing holes . WRONG ! They have been completely redesigned , and for no reason . Also now made in China . I always say that if it 's not broke , do n't fix it . Instead of frame mounts , they are now mounted to the body , requiring more drilling and cutting away of the plastic wheel well covers . Now for the fit and finish ... they do n't ! I had to contact the techs at Smitty Built twice and got no good answer or fix . I had to drill new holes in the forward mount plates to get them to fit and when complete they do n't fit straight or come out as far making them only a toe step . In hind sight , I should have sent them back . You 'd be wise to find another brand . Funny thing is , I sold my old set on line and the buyer wanted them because they were frame mounted and he could n't get his set of these to fit either .
 The car cover is a fantastic product for about 8 months . My car is stored outside all year long and the California sun delivered an early death to my cover . The elastic wore out and so did all of the advertised qualities . It did not repel water or dust , it just became a huge absorbent towel for my corvette . Hang on to your receipt Covercraft does not honor the warranty Amazon does . I will say that dealing with Amazon for a replacement was very painless . I plan on getting a replacement every 8 months for the duration of the 4 year warranty .
 I was disappointed by this product when I first received it . The tubing is extremely thin . It offers protection from bumps but adds absolutely no safety to the vehicle at speeds higher than about 10 mph . After two and a half years , the welds failed where the unit attaches to its mounts . The metal around the weld has literally rotted away . The unit fell off the car onto the road as I was driving last week , causing my family a good scare . We do not live near to salt water . I clean my car regularly . This unit is just plain cheap . Despite being overpriced , I would recommend spending more money on a heavy duty , high quality guard , if you really want one . This is almost purely for aesthetics , until it fails to even do that . I 've attached an image of what it looks like after two years .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 DO NOT TRUST Amazon 's `` does it fit your truck '' option . I entered in my specs to see if it would fit my vehicle and it says it does `` 2003 Ford Explorer Sport Trac '' BUT IT DOES NOT ! Call Westin and get the correct part number for your vehicle . Amazon ca n't get it right and I got nothing for their screw up except a refund . Whoopie . Does n't help the fact that I was recommended the wrong part for the 3rd time ...
 Do Not Buy the Thule 339 Ladder Tilt!If you have a small pickup truck and are yourself tall and very strong , you may have a relatively easy time struggling with this poorly engineered product . If you 're not tall and strong , and have a large truck or van , make sure you keep the packaging so you can return the 339 when you realize the solution it is n't . The manufacturing quality is good , however one unit hangs up and one of the plastic ratchet straps also hangs when releasing , I have white lithium grease all over the underside of the 339 tilts making them barely useable at all . The 329 Ladder Lift is better although it 's a struggle also . The reason I bought Thule was on the seemingly apparent quality , and I needed something ` not white or black ' like the competitor 's products . With my green Ford E-150 I would still buy the Thule 332 Rack and 329 Ladder Lift but I would never again buy or recommend a Thule 339 Ladder Tilt ! I based my decision to buy the 339 partially on incorrect information given by Thule 's sales support and because the 339 is less costly than the 329 Ladder Lift . Too bad for me , I saved a dollar and have a piece of crap to show for it . Worst part is I have to live with it and its very ugly to use . If I had a good camera I 'd post a YouTube video of the loading and unloading battle with the 339 and no one would consider it further . Yes , I saw the demo video posted out there with the editing and little truck and lightweight ladder , I assure you that 's not what you 'll experience . Good luck to buyers of the Thule 339 Ladder Tilt !
 I ordered this cover for my G6 Convertible only to find that it would not even cover half the car . I gave it to someone who has a soltice so it wouldnt go to waste .
 I ca n't rate this item , because I ordered it -LRB- `` In Stock '' -RRB- on June 3 , 2008 , and just received another in a series of shipment delay notices on August 10 . Despite Amazon showing this item as `` In Stock '' , they now say they can not ship until September . I 'm not confident that that is going to happen either . Buyer beware -- `` In Stock '' items might not be ! I 'm very frustrated with Amazon at this point . Do n't advertise something you ca n't deliver !
 You have to be kidding me , I ca n't believe you actually are giving me the chance to review this product , well here we go.The price I paid for this worthless device has long since left my mind but what I do remember is that is was a very expensive little item.They will tell you they can remanufacture these sensors but it does not work.They have very delicate and fragile elements that measure the air coming into your engine , it is essential to get the right measurement or your on-board computer will come up with its own fake result and your car will not perform at all . You just ca n't clean them and then put them back in use.I contacted Cardone and they refused my request for assistance.After this experience , I have decided that I will never again use the Cardone products or anyone like them.That was a lot of money to just throw down the old rat hole.I ended up having to buy another one from AUTOZONE to replace Cardone 's worthless equipment and the AUTOZONE unit is still running to this day.BEWARE of the Internet thieves they are everywhere!My only regret is I ca n't give them less than one star as a rating .
 i purchased one in 2008 as well . mine lasted for 3 years , better than 1.5 but still not what i expected . it is still in one piece but the code came up for MAF and i 'm getting the same symptoms before i replaced it .
 I purchased and installed the sensor in April of 2008 . It worked for 1.5 years and then the car began to idle rough and miss upon acceleration . Upon inspection of the sensor I noticed that the top ` cover ' , which had been glued back on during the refurbish process , had come loose and was dangling off of the sensor . Live and learn I guess . From now on I will only purchase new when it comes to this type of an item .
 I fallowed the instructions , I even used extra wire to help hold the patch to the tailpipe . When I started my Jeep the exhaust blew a hole right through it . The only way I think this product would work is if you used a torch of some kind to warm it up - a lot - before you turn on your vehicle that way the patch is already semi hard .
 I installed the material on the manifold pipe as instructed . It seemed like it was going to work ; however , pressure from the exhaust removed the material . Simply put , it does n't work . Get your broken exhaust replaced or welded .
 Its about two feet of tin foil with a glue backing and wire that is really hard to bend . Tin foil and some wire would literally work better .
 I just got back from trying to wrap this around a muffler pipe . The bandage fell apart as soon as I started working with it . I assume that 's not the way it 's supposed to work , but that 's how it did work . By the time I had the thing wrapped around the pipe , it was a mess of tape and backing . It did not hold . The support wire that came with the product was all wrapped up and impossible to untangle and use . What an awful product . I wo n't be buying it again .
 My order arrived today . I opened the package and discovered one not two choke knob covers , one for my bike and one for my wife 's . On the invoice it states `` Photos are for reference only , pleas read carefully ... '' Not sure if this was a packing mistake or a advertising mistake , but the photo clearly shows 2 knobs and the description caption is plural . . PS received the knob on left side of pic -LRB- my wife 's , mine WAS going tp be the smooth one on the right . Deciding whether to send it back or just `` accept '' the situation .
 There are no holes for the shifter and no holes for the seat risers , there are NO holes . Also carpet is paper thin , about an eigth of an inch thick . There is no EASY installation here , as it says above . This is horrible ! It is also NOT molded and autopartsway has no customer service , no one to answer their phone , just an email and no replies from them . I would NOT recommend them as a seller . Save yourself the frustration , do not buy from this seller .
 I have tried twice now to order this item . Sellers say they have it until they get my money . Then they cancel my order . Every part dealer I have dealt with has been fraudulent . And no one cares . I have found amazon to be awful to deal with . THIS IS A BIG SCAM , BEWARE !!!
 Amazon should not be in the business of selling rims/wheels . I foolishly purchased these American Racing rims for my 2007 Suburban . Initially the problem was simply that no center caps were sent with the rims . The description on Amazon clearly stated that center caps were included with the rims . Well they were not . So I spent two hours trying to contact Amazon because the rims came directly from Amazon . No easy feat in this high tech age of Internet communication . Try contacting Amazon thru their web site . It is close to impossible . Fortunately I had their telephone number from a previous problem . I called and was told that they could not just send me the missing center caps so that I could keep my Friday morning appointment to have my tires replaced . No , they could only email me a return label and I would have to take the four , 26 lb rims to the post office . Once they received the rims , they would send out replacements . Not what I wanted to hear and there was no assurance that the new rims from American Racing , actually made in China , would include center caps . If I had known that they were made in China I would not have purchased them . Amazon realized it was clearly their mistake and they gave me a 25 % discount . I was able to purchase centering caps myself.It got worst . While eventually having new tires mounted on the rims I was told by the service guy that there were no centering rings . Apparently American Racing makes one size rim to fit many models by providing centering rings to fit the hubs for a specific vehicle . No help from Amazon . I was on my own again , so I had to have the rims and tires installed on my Suburban and drove it for a couple of weeks while I waited for centering rings to be shipped directly from American Racing in CA . After two weeks the centering rings arrived and I installed them myself . Still , I never felt good about towing my 7,800 lb boat and trailer with plastic centering rings.The final straw for these Chinese made rims was when I found that the salt used during the end of December snow storm badly pitted the polished aluminum . I could not clean them . They would have needed to be buffed and polished after each time they come into contact with salt . Here in New England , that is usually frequently during the three winter months . The 2007 factory Chevy , polished aluminum rims that I took off have gone thru three winters and look fine . Again , Amazon jerked me around . I had to dispute the purchase with American Express . Well it has been over a year now and I still have not got a full refund . Amazon is saying they refuse to refund the $ 210.36 in shipping . Sounds high for shipping four rims.So do n't make a mistake . Do n't purchase any rims from Amazon . Go to a local tire company and save the aggravation . I wound up putting back on 17 '' factory rims after having to remount and balance my new Michelin tires at $ 120 .
 THEY HAVE THE WRONG PICTURE SHOWING . THIS IS FOR THE MOUNTING BRACKET THAT BOLTS TO THE INTAKE MANIFOLD !!!!! I I AM RETURNING IT AND GETTING THE CORRECT PART .
 The window gauge reads about 65 psi when the tire is at approximately 35 psi . There does n't seen to be any way to adjust it . Do n't know why this is rated so high , it 's just completely inaccurate .
 I can not review this product as I never received it . They kept sending me AF1160 air filter instead of FF1160 fuel filter .
 I rode with it for about two months before the rubber pads started falling off . Considering the quality of all of the other Kuryakyn accessories I have had , this was disappointing . The problem is the basic idea of the pads sticking to it with peel and stick tape . I was able to get a brake pedal pad from an auto parts store and shape and glue it on -LRB- which has lasted longer already -RRB- , but my next brake pedal will be something different , I just have n't come across something that matches my ISO grips and pegs as well yet .
 I ordered a set of Monroe Matic shocks and struts for my van , along with a set of bellows for the struts . When I received the parts I noticed that the boxes the struts and bellows came in were not printed with the Monroe logo on them like the shocks were . The struts were shipped from the manufacturer in a generic looking box . A labeled sticker was placed on the strut boxes that read Monroe made in the USA . The struts themselves have been stamped with made in Mexico . I called Monroe and they confirmed that the struts were sold under their name , but had no explanation on why the sticker label says made in the USA when the strut was stamped as made in Mexico . The shocks I received not only came in a printed box with a logo , but are stamped with made in the USA , which matches what is printed on the outside of their boxes . The paint on the shocks and struts are not an exact match . I now have concerns with the quality and consistency of Monroe , whereas before I did not .
 lasted less than a week . first noticed the fan didnt come on . i raised the hood and bumped on the relay and the fan came on . the next day the fan didnt come on and nothing i could do would make it come on . took this system on and ran a toggle switch and now manually operate the fan . i cut it up and used the wire and fuse holder . waster of my $ 50.00
 Ok if you have the speed sense power steering this WILL NOT WORK for you . This thing smashed my turn signal cam and my car would BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP at me every time I drove it , I took the thing off and on thinking it was ME for weeks before I realized the wheel angle sensor was pooped out of place .
 Goldenrod Flex Spout Oiler , 16 OzIt 's not difficult to find new hand tools of high quality and better design than similar tools of decades past . With pump oilers , that 's not the case . That is , while this oiler works OK , it 's clearly inferior to the Eagle No. 28 pump oiler that my father-in-law bought 60 years ago and used for decades as a fire engine mechanic . -LRB- See Customer Images . -RRB- Here 's a comparison : - The steel pump lever on the Eagle is twice as thick as the flimsy Goldenrod lever -LRB- .099 '' versus .049 '' -RRB- - Flick your finger on the empty Eagle can and it goes `` thunk '' . The Goldenrod can 's response is a `` tink '' , as it 's much thinner . - The Eagle has a better designed -LRB- long pointed -RRB- spout to precisely get at the thing to oil . - The Eagle pump is larger and more substantial than the Goldenrod pump . - The nut holding the spout to the can is puny on the Goldenrod and robust on the Eagle . - The Eagle handle is better designed , and it 's lasted 60 years ! - The Eagle has product information painted on the can that is still perfect after 6 decades . The Goldenrod has a cheap stick-on label.Very few companies make pump oilers today and none of the half dozen stores in my area where I looked , carry a decent one . I was unable to find anything better than this Goldenrod from any Internet vendor , regardless of price . Seems that if you want a pint-sized pump oiler , the Goldenrod models are as good as any available , and that 's disappointing . It 's just a shame that the Dutton Lainson Company -LRB- who now own the Goldenrod line -RRB- have succumbed to the `` make it cheap '' mentality . They fail to realize that many customers would pay more for a quality product .
 Nice oil can if it did n't leak around the seam in the bottom of the can - not a fast leak , but continually seeps oil so must always set it down on a metal lid I have to catch the oil and keep it from getting on everything .
 Please note that the Hayden Automotive 5806 Automatic Belt Tensioner is NOT compatible with the 1995-1997 Lexus LS400 . The problem is that the lower right timing belt cover does not sit correctly on this tensioner due to the fact that the dimensions are incorrect . The other tensioner that is not compatible is the Goodyear 49241 Gatorback . The tensioner I found -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- to be an exact match is the Gates 39080 . As you can tell , I have tried 3 different tensioners . The Gates 39080 performs as good as the OEM tensioner . You will not be disappointed .
 Bougth it on January , started to fail after 6 months , money throwing away , buy bosch , msd or the original brand .
 i waited so long for it to arive . . it smells like regular nylon and it really nothing exciting about it ... also , one of the side mirror pockets is off about 10 inches ... so ... right now and i am so pissed , no body can imagine ...
 I bought the Nifty Pro-line carpet kit in Black for my 1999 jeep Wrangler sport TJ . It came barely in a box , it looked like it was really poorly packaged . When opened it contained NO instructions or information at all . Upon further examination of the carpet , it looked SUPER CHEAP and of the poorest quality ... I was a bit shocked ... The so called welded seams were of the poorest quality as well . . It looked like the cheapest Chinese carpet ever ... For almost 300 bucks , this carpet kit should not be bought by another sucker like me ... Trust me ... Also , the carpet is poorly cut , and the cut outs for the parking brake and the accelerator pedal were not pre cut out , it was just raw carpet . Not what I expected , a joke for almost 300 bucks.All in all if there was a lower rating , I would of used it ... like a quarter of 1 star ... . this kit is that bad ... no kidding ... beware ... mine went back ... I hate this product ... BD
 At 40F this tonneau was too tight to install . I can only imagine how impossible it would be to close the tonneau on a 0F day .
 ORDERED 2 EACH BOWER/BCA 513115 SPINDLES ; RECEIVED ONE LIKE NEW AND ONE WITH PARTS MISSING -LRB- ABS EXICTER RING -RRB- . I RETURNED BOTH TO AMAZON FOR CREDIT .
 This product DOES NOT fit any Rangers that have felt strips between the window channels . Do not go by the Advertisement . For those who own late model Rangers from 01 to 07 whose edges come finished with FELT strips , do not order this as the adhesives WILL NOT stick to FELT material
 Buyer beware -- this product does not arrive with the N29 tip as advertised , making it unusable with a Thinkpad T60.Kensington will send the tip in `` 12 to 15 days '' via USPS . They claim there is `` no way '' to get the missing tip sooner.In summary -- if you buy this item know it may not arrive as advertised .
 I too bought this product under the advertised assumption that it was universal . It is NOT . Trying to resolve any problems with Kensington 's technical support staff is useless . As far as I can determine through phone conversations and email correspondence , Kensington 's technical support staff is simply a foreign call center with untrained , hard to understand staff . Kensington provides no technical product descriptions of their smart tips . You can buy an impressive variety of `` compatible '' tips for a large number of products , but the only way you will know if they work is if you can physically compare them to your own equipment . In my case I purchased a package of 2 HP smart tips for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- only to find that neither size was compatible . So now I 've spent good money on an unusable adapter , and just dropped another -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks on tips that do n't work . When I bought the adapter it did include a Dell tip that fit perfectly in my HP laptop , but when I contacted Kensington technical support staff to inquire about compatibility they told me that it was NOT ! But they did n't know why . It 's a voltage issue , by the way . Kensington would be well advised to include power output specs and pin sizes in their product descriptions . My laptop for example reqires a 7.5 mm X 5.08 mm pin with a power requirement of 18.5 V 3.5 A. There ! Is that so hard ?
 This is a good universal by all accounts in terms of size , available adaptors , split charge , etc. . The biggest design flaw is the short power cable that causes the brick to dangle from the wall . This can result in it falling out of the wall or causing stress on the cable / connection . Ultimately mine failed and is now in the trash as Kensington wo n't stand behind their poor design .
 Three key things about this unit .1 . If you need a shade over 120W , forget it .2 . If the short , black little power cord gets lost -- same color as the seats in the airport , forget it . Kensington does not sell the $ 2 power cord for the $ 125 adaptor .3 . Targus has an identical unit -LRB- same OEM clearly -RRB- . And they sell the cord for around $ 11 . So , I 'd buy from them .
 I want everyone to know that if you should ever misplace the wall or cigarette/plane adaptor that Kensington will not sell you a replacement part . They told me to go buy a whole new unit . I will never buy from Kensington again .
 Outwardly the K33197US is compact , lightweight and attractive with a polished mirror surface that is likely to get scratched up easily with normal use . As noted by many other reviewers the cord to the wall outlet is way too short -LRB- still six inches in 2009 -RRB- , and the advertising claims made for the unit as listed on this web site and on the manufacturers web site and in the printed literature that accompany the product are not borne out . The sources cited list eleven tips as being included with the product , specifically N1 , N2 , N3 , N9 , N14 , N15 , N19 , N27 , N29 , and N30 along with a USB tip.In reality the product I received came with five tips , namely N3 , N14 , N19 , N29 , and N30 . The Kensington web site is happy to sell you the missing tips for about ten bucks a pop . Consumer advocates have names for companies that make claims like this and deliver half the goods . The missing tips are for products from Toshiba , IBM , HP , and Sony . This product as it ships from amazon will not fit any Sony laptop or USB device . For functioning tips it will work from the wall or automobile . It is a gross distortion to say that the shipping product will `` power or charge virtually all notebook computers from any AC or DC source '' or that it `` works on most HP , Compaq , Sony , IBM , Gateway , and Averatec notebooks . '' It might work on a select few models for each of the brands listed , that is it . Any user of competing products that need over twenty tips and still miss working on hundreds of models will know the specious nature of such a claim.There is no listing in the product literature of specific models that the supplied tips will fit and no mention the user should consult the manufacturer to discover what tips can safely be used with what models . The product literature actually says that you should just try the tips until you find one that works !!! This is a formula for disaster . There is , in fact , no tip compatibility guide anywhere on the Kensington site or even a list of models on the pages that sell SmartTips . No consumer can find out in advance from the site whether the laptop they own will actually work with the K33197US or whether the tip they need will ship with the product . It is best for safety and warranty protection purposes to use a factory issued adapter from the company that makes your laptop , much cheaper and no guessing . Who wants to fry a laptop worth ten times the price of this product with no recourse .
 I bought the Kensington model # 33917 notebook power adapter when I was on a trip and had left my normal ThinkPad power supply at home . The power supply worked great for 35 days and then just died.Kensington technical support was great to work with - they sent me a replacement immediately . Unfortunately , that replacement died a couple of months later after only 6 days of usage . Again , their tech support was very courteous and helpful and sent me another one.If I had been traveling when the 1st and 2nd power supplies died on me , that would have seriously inconvenienced and possibly crippled my ability to do my job - even more so if there was n't an electronics store around to buy a replacement . At this point , I ca n't rely on this particular model of power supply so this latest replacement will stay at home for use only in emergencies .
 Believe it or not , Kensington does not have a `` smart tip '' for one of the most popular laptops on the market - the newer Lenovo -LRB- IBM -RRB- Laptops . When tech support was contacted , I was told no tip was planned for the Lenovo in the near future . This is unacceptable . I also have an Averatec laptop which does accept a Kensington `` smart tip '' , but the tip it too long and subjects the computer to possible damage.From other posts I have read , not having proper tips for various makes and models is an ongoing problem with Kensington . They need to get their act together.Update - I was sent an IBM tip that worked - at no charge . Now a 5 star product .
 Worked fine when it arrived , charged an HP Envy15 notebook , which was rated to require a 120 watt power supply . Within a month , it stopped working . I was traveling on business at the time and found myself with a dead battery and no way to charge it . For a premium product this was very disapointing ! On the plus side , the charger did not burn up my hotel room or fry my laptop . I have not tried to return it yet ... We shall see if amazon has decent customer service or not .
 I replaced my prior converter because this one was smaller and more adaptable . I knew I was taking a chance , which is why there are so many of these available as `` refurbished '' . Well , 10 days in Europe -LRB- on a month trip -RRB- and it died . There is no reset , no fuse , just a cold dead box . I wish I would have lugged along my computer 's factory power adapter . But I did n't . I am at least lucky that my partner and I have the same model computer and she has her factory adapter so we can `` buddy breathe '' with it .
 I was excited to see this when it came out because it is nice and thin . The weight is also a little less than the iGo Juice . When you are on the plane ever week , a few oz . matters.After getting it , I am suprised to find that the AC cord is only 6 inches long . When you plug it into the wall , it hangs by the plug . You better hope you have a good tight wall socket or the weight of the adaptor will pull it half way out . Or , if you move the DC cord a little , like moving you laptop , guarantee that will pull the adaptor out of the AC socket.Worst of all , it does n't work when you have to plug it into a recessed location . I use it on the road and if I am at a customer 's conference room that has a nice conference table with the plugs recessed into an opening -LRB- which is pretty often -RRB- , the adaptor ca n't sit flat . It stick up from the table like a sore thumb . I even had a case where the cord just ca n't reach the socket.Another problem is that there is no positive retention for the power tips . It is very easy to loose the tips by accident . The iGo has an indent on their power tips and I can leave the tip for my laptop on the cable all the time without accidential loosing it.I give it 1 star for the good idea on the flat design but the rest of the design is forgettable . The design of the AC cord is plain stupid and as another reviewer noted , Kensington 's explaination on why it is that way is even more stupid.I returned it after a week and stick with my iGo until I can find something better .
 I 've broken three tips for this adapter in the last few months . The problem ? The tip and the part it plugs into stick straight out from the laptop for a total of a good two inches or so , providing a nice long lever arm with which to shatter the tip . All it takes is a fall off the bed onto the carpeted floor , or a few twists of the laptop against the top of my leg -LRB- right by where the power adapater plugs in to the laptop -RRB- , and * crunch * . I 'd been wondering why almost all the * other * universal A/C adapters on the market have plugs that turn 90 degrees right where they connect to the laptop . Now I know .
 I purchased a Kensington 33197 in early 2006 . I loved using it - it 's light and slim and the short AC cord did n't bother me . After a little less than a year , the charging became intermittent . The charge light would go on and off like the connector was loose . It turned out that the long cord - from the power brick to the laptop - was failing at the connector to the laptop.Kensington support offered to replace the cord for free - nice - but then it took three more support contacts and seven weeks to actually get the cord - not so nice .8 months later I was on a week long business trip when the new cord failed in the same way - this time suddenly and permanently . If my client had n't had a compatible Dell power brick , I would have been dead in the water.I replace the Kensington with aniGo Everywhere130 PS00099-0008 Universal 100 Wattt AC/DC Notebook Adapter with Dualpower . It 's bigger and bulkier - especially the cables and connectors which are so heavy duty it looks like they 'll last a thousand years ! Not so slick and light as the Kensington - just made to last under travel abuse .
 Although this adapter works as described it is poorly executed . The tips fall apart requiring you to order new 2 packs at $ 9.95 . I also agree with the other comments about the short power cord and lack of documentation . For this amount of money they could do a lot better .
 When I plugged this Kensington power adapter in to my Dell Inspiron , it could not charge the battery . When I unplugged it , I could no longer charge the battery with my Dell power adapter .
 Even though the Amazon listing says this can be used with your own USB device cables and the USB tip is listed as an included tip in the chart on Kensington 's own website , the version shipped by Amazon does NOT include the USB tip . Other tips supposed to be included were missing as well . Kensington 's support was useless - all they could say was to ask Amazon for the tip , that it should have been included . But it definitely was n't - perhaps it is an earlier version of the item , but if so they should have changed the model number . Buyer beware .
 I wasted a whole bunch of time trying to get a plug for my Lenovo . When I finally got through to them , they did n't even know Lenovo was a laptop maker . They do n't answer eMail , either.I would advise anyone contemplating the purchase of this to buy the plug first and have it in their hand . Their claim of fitting most laptops is borderline false advertizing .
 The product is a nice size and weight , is well designed , and works as advertised . But the cooling fan is just too loud . It was audible in my car at freeway speeds , I would hate to sit next to me on an airplane and have to listen to it for a transcon flight . I 'll have to research another one .
 The unit made serious smoke after less than 9 months and could have even started a fire had I not been there . I measured the power draw at an ambient .65 Amps . The units input power is rated at 2.5 Amps ... so obviously a faulty unit.Still trying to get Kensington to cooperate on the warranty but so far all they have said is that the unit went out of production some months ago and offered no alternatives . Shame on them for not stepping up and for sure if they dont make this right I will never buy another product from Kensington .
 Dealing with the power tips is frustrating because it is poorly documented . I want to power a Dell laptop which has a three pin power connector -LRB- common among Dells -RRB- . The documentation says Dell uses N3 or N19.The product description says `` Included Tips
 Love this product , but if you ever need to replace a part or find a new tip , good luck!Six months ago I lost the car adapter and tried to buy a replacement . Guess what , they do n't sell one . I ended up buying a whole used unit from eBay just to get the part . This month I upgraded to an new HP dv series laptop . Went to the Kensington site and googled around . They do not make the tip , and their web site is totally useless in helping you find anything.If you want a truly `` universal '' power supply with good availability of replacement parts , stay away from this . Try iGo instead .
 I bought this power supply for international travel , for usage on airplanes and with different voltages , using -LRB- mechanical -RRB- power adapters . I have a Dell Latitude D620 with a 6 cell battery -LRB- the regular one -RRB- and a 9 cell battery -LRB- large one -RRB- . Do not think about buying this power supply for a Dell D620 . It is conveniently small but fairly unreliable.Here my experience :1 . after a couple of weeks the tip did not work properly any more . So I had to stay in the service hotline queue for about 45 minutes in order to get a replacement for the N19 tip2 . I still get infrequent problems with the power supply not charging , specifically when in 240V countries -LRB- experienced in Germany , Taiwan , Korea -RRB- 3 . Airplane mode is desastrous , if the airplane outlet is not having enough power or if it is providing a 12V outlet . My experience is with United Airlines -LRB- old business class seats -RRB- : a. -RRB- If any battery is plugged in , the power supply will not work when the computer is powered on - even if the battery is fully charged . In other words
 Kensington in all their wisdom markets an engineered product without a hint of engineering !!! Specifically - what are the input and output numbers ? I see something about 120 Volts input.Then I see `` any wall outlet . '' Are these rubes so far out in the potato patch that they havent heard of offshore voltages - and frequencies?My VAIO power works automatically at 120 to 220 Volts , 50 or 60 cycles . The Kensington product seems to be geared only for US 110 volts.Oh , then put a short power cord . That cord wont work in European trains - the transformer 's weight just unplugs when hanging from the high-up `` wall '' plug.I wonder if we could give a product a `` 0 '' star rating !
 I was excited to see this product come out , as I was looking for a universal AC/DC auto/air power supply . First , while this does the job , it is rather large in width and height , so keep that in mind . Second , the power cord is abominably short , 5 inches.There have been so many complaints about this that Kensington actually added an answer on their website in their FAQ on the product , entitled , `` Why is the power cord so short ? '' Their answers are very unsatisfactory . First , they say that traditional AC cords are big and bulky , so have less weight , less bulk , less clutter . Yea , ok . Second , they say it 's for optimum cooling , since the shorter AC cord allows for the adapter to hang from the AC outlet , so you get more ventilation . Hmm , so if I use an extension cord the the unit is on the ground , it will blow up ? I personally do n't buy these explanations . I think they blew it and they know it , but you can decide for yourself . When their new version comes out , see how long the cord is . Somehow I doubt it will be 5 inches . Also , they package the product so you can not see the cord . I wonder why ? If you do n't care about cord length , or the big size , go for it . For me , it was too frustrating so I returned it .
 We purchased this Kensington power inverter just before we drove from Oregon to Qu&eacute;bec . It worked for the first hour with an Apple 65W power supply -LRB- for iBook -RRB- and then the red warning light came on and power was cut . Our cell phone charger worked just fine so I will assume the inverter could not handle the load from the laptop power supply.Later on our trip we purchased a Jensen 160-watt inverter and that works just fine with our laptop.A shame because the Kensington had a sleek profile which was easy to store and fit well under the bucket seat with plenty of room for adequate ventilation .
 Nice item , but due to the way it hangs on the wall -LRB- I am lead to believe this is to help cool it -RRB- the weight pulls the top of the plug out the socket enough to expose the top of the electrical pins . I 've uploaded a photo . This is not acceptable in a household with children !
 I bought an earlier version of this product about a year ago and was happy with it until I bought my Dell 1300 last month . Kensington does not have the power tip for my Dell , a popular value notebook ! I emailed their customer service and 2 weeks and 5 Indians later , I was told that I was out of luck and they could n't do anything about it ! They even locked my Q&A session with customer service so I could not add more comments to it . Be careful , same thing could happen to this adapter . Just remember to check which notebook computer you want to buy and make sure Kensington has the power tip for you !
 I purchased this item to power my MacBook on airplanes . I had four long haul flights this month . Two 7 hour flights , and two 10 hour flights on United Boeing 777s . I could only get the Kensington Ultra Portable Inverter to work on the first flight out . On the others , as soon as I plugged the Inverter into the Empower recepticle , the Empower light would go off . When I pulled the Inverter out , the Empower light came back on . For what I bought it for , this product did not do its job .
 Amazon.Com Shipper says they ship to the US but will not ship to Hawaii , USA ... Product never bought for this reason .
 I bought one of these a few months ago . It worked perfectly with my old Thinkpad , but not long thereafter I got a Thinkpad T60 , thinking , `` Hey , universal means universal , of course it will work '' . But no
 I 've read several reports of incompatibilites with recent Lenovo-manufactured Thinkpad notebooks , despite the fact that it does come with a compatible tip -LRB- N29 -RRB- . I decided to give it a try on my Thinkpad T60p at my local Circuit City store , which does stock this adapter . I explained my hesitation to a salesperson , who said he 'd be willing to help me test it in-store after I purchased it . Sure enough , my Thinkpad was n't getting any juice from this adapter , even though the tip did physically fit -LRB- but more on that later -RRB- . So we tried one of their `` for store use only '' adapters that they had behind the counter , which coincidentally was also a Kensington product , but used a different system of tips/plugs and was a slight bit bulkier . We found a compatible tip -LRB- `` L '' -RRB- . Voila ! It worked ! Turns out that it was an older version of what is currently sold as the 33403 model . So I exchange the 33197 for the 33403 , and it is working wonderfully.Even if we ignore my incompatibility problems for a moment -LRB- especially since most users probably wo n't have the same problems I did unless they own a recent Lenovo Thinkpad -RRB- , I have two major gripes -LRB- which others have already stated ad nauseum -RRB- about the 33197 during my short time with it : - Cord between the adapter and the wall plug is way too short ! - Tips protrude 3 '' from back of notebook . That 's a big lever arm that can break the notebook 's fragile power jack if someone trips on the cord . At least * some * of the 33403 comes with shorter plugs and are right-angled , minimizing the risk.It 's true that the 33197 is more streamlined and compact than the 33403 . But even if we factor out my own technical issues with the former , I believe the slighly lower-priced 33403 is still a better designed product .
 I love the size and shape of the package , but that 's about it . Targus used to have similar sized power adapters , but for some reason they do n't seem to make the thin ones anymore , so I tried this . From the start , it would stop having power output , though the power light was on , and I would have to `` reset '' the supply by unplugging , waiting several seconds , and plugging back in . Possibly repeating several times . This would happen on both AC and DC . Then in under 3 months the AC side just totally died.I am also disappointed in the on load power drain ; AC 4W is 2x my OEM adapter , and DC 160mA could be bad if left plugged into a car parked for several days .
 I travel a lot . That is why I purchased the Kensington Ultra Portable adapter . Be warned that something in this adapter prevents charging in some countries . It works fine in USA , France , Germany and most other countries I 've visited.It does not work in Australia . I tried two different adapters and had the same problem .
 application was for a 99 Toyota Tacoma V6 ; the mileage did n't change a bit -LRB- it 's been steady at 19.7 mpg - combined city/highway - since new , 135K ago ... with or without the K&N ;-RRB- . The biggest disappointment was the supposed `` 10 % increase in HP '' . Unlike the mileage , I have no way to measure HP increase , other than to say it feels absolutely no different than it did before . The only difference at all to my truck is the sound of the air intake ... which I suspect is all that my $ 321 bought.I 'm afraid I wasted my $ $ $ , but - as they say - `` live and learn '' .
 I had hoped for 1 to 2 MPG improvement . Increased power was not what I was looking for . My MPG stayed the same . FYI , we log all fill ups into a spreadsheet which calculates the MPG . Basically wasted my $ .
 I am sure this product would be an excellent buy , but I ordered it and it did not give me an option on size . I am asking the dealer to give a contact address so that I can choose my size prior to shipment . I will post a new review in 2 weeks.Chris
 Purchased this for my '03 Accord -- at 90k miles the belt and tensioner needed replacement . . -LRB- at higher mileage , do both at the same time , save time/effort down the road . . Got the old belt/tensioner off , no problem ... bolted on new tensioner ... basic concept with the tensioner is that it 's adjustable to the degree that you need to torque a bolt on the pulley wheel -LRB- black part -RRB- , this swings the pulley wheel forward providing slack to shimmy a new belt into place . Letting off of the bolt re-applies tension keeping the belt in place ... after torquing this pulley bolt on two attempts I realized the pulley wheel was not moving , but the bolt was slipping/turning ... aka the bolt stripped allowing no further slack/movement on the pulley wheel ... * note the back of the pulley wheel in the pic , you will see the end of a bolt in the back of the part ... on the oem part , you will see the end of the bolt with a nut recessed into the part holding it firmly into position , minimizing the potential for stripping ... that was the distinct difference in the parts per my observation.I had to punt/retreat , put the old tensioner back on and then install the new belt ... the belt went on with ease/1st attempt , non-event ... . I then took note of the oem tensioner brand , ordered that exact part , paid $ 10 more , and once again ... it installed with ease/non-event ... I thought I could get away with buying a ` quality ' non-oem replacment part at a lesser price than the oem -LRB- heck , the non-oem was made in the usa ... wth . . ?! ... the oem was made in canada ... boooo ! :p -RRB- ... I was wrong ... this exercise cost much more than that in the end in wasted time etc. . . just my experience ... YMMV/Happy Repairing !
 This item showed cracked wood on the sides within a few weeks . Also the metal has rusted even though I live in a desert and it has only rained 2.2 inches this year -LRB- and its August now -RRB- . While it does the job moderately well , it is not well made and therefore not a good buy .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 This product was cheap but horrible . It went straight into the trash . The film was purple and cheap looking and did not stick to the windows at all .
 This stuff was so sticky , even in the presence of large amounts of water sprayed on the surface , that it was impossible to position properly without a great deal of manipulation - which resulted in damage to the material . If you have more than one person to apply the material - and the surface is relatively small - and you are both highly skilled - then you may be able to get good results .
 It does what it 's supposed to do , I get plenty of power to charge my cell phone , laptop and other devices I use in the car . However , I had a similar problem as the other reviewer . It is a VERY tight fit in the 12v socket of my 2001 Honda Civic . Though I did n't pull the whole assembly out of my car like he did , I do have to pull with enough force that it warps the plastic around the socket , it makes me very nervous every time I pull it out . Luckily I never really have to take it out of the 12v socket but if you plan on removing this from the socket regularly I would definitely recommend against buying this item .
 I had this same item -LRB- though I purchased it at Target -RRB- and enjoyed what it had to offer . It worked well with my laptop and portable DVD player . I completely agree with the other reviews that say it 's a tight fit ; I always seemed to remove the entire inner casing of the cigarette lighter/power outlet socket when I removed the converter . I also did n't like the smell it produced ... kind of a burning copper wire smell . I used it less than a dozen times , and on the final use it let loose some mean sounding pops , produced an impressive spark , then began to smoke ! It 's now in a landfill somewhere . I suggest you try a different brand .
 Tried to plug this into my car 's 12v adapter . While putting it in , it was a very tight fit.Then when I pulled it out , it pulled out the entire 12v adapter assembly out of the car , basically destroying it and messing up my car!I have used my car 's 12v adapter with other devices and this had never happened before.I really dislike this product .
 I 'm coming up on the 6 month anniversay with this and the fan noise has now gone from obnoxious to really annoying - the fan must be dying - I ca n't imagine what trouble there will be if the fan stops working -LRB- do they really generate that much heat ? I guess I 'll find out -RRB- . Even when the fan worked correctly I ca n't believe how much noise it made.I agree with the others about how tight the fit is when inserted . I too am waiting to pull the whole ligher plug right out of the dash .
 The adaptor wo n't fit my 06 Mercedes R350 . Tried all 4 plug , ca n't push it in . It 's too big . If you forced it in , it probably will damage your car and the adaptor .
 Got this item in 2 days . The packaging says it is for a 2002-2007 Ford Explorer , however they are 3 + inches too long for my 2005 Explorer .
 These pulleys are designed for GM vehicles . Not all pulleys are exact fit as described . I went to install pulley on my vehicle with a 4.1 motor and discovered that the pulley would not spin due to a clearance factor . No spacers were provided with pulley . Be carefull as to what an exact fit really means . Part is not defective . It just wo n't fit all vehicles as described in their exact fit description .
 After six months the double sided tape for rear failed and deflectors fall off . The front windows have permanent scratches on upper 1/4 '' due to dirt between deflector and glass when window opens/closes . They actually increase noise at high speeds when windows are closed as the seal is not tight -LRB- glass on plexiglass vs. glass on rubber -RRB-
 ORDER THIS FOR MY 2005 Chevy Impala I Should have check to see if they sent the rite ones waited to long now ca n't return . You would think they would check to make sure there sending the one that i ordered , very unhappy with this . They send me something for a suburban at-list that is what the sticker said.WeatherTech 84426 Dark Smoke Front and Rear Side Window Deflector
 Not good quality , nor does it fit . Also I returned this item on April 11th and still have not received my credit for the item . I would not order from this seller again .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I ordered this hook for my 10000lb winch . Not that I will ever get near 10000 pounds but the idea of a pulley block is to reduce the work of any pull in half , hence reducing the load work on the winch . When I got the package I was impressed by the weight of it , only to be kicked in the nuts by a horse when I reviewed the package . It says it is a 10000 pound block made for 5000 pound winched , worse yet the actual hook part is stamped as 1-1/2 tons - -LRB- 3000 pounds -RRB- What a rip off . Make me so happy I went with Harbor Freight winch for $ 115 rather than the $ 1100 superwinch wanted . I am returning today for a complete refund .
 I didnt like the product because when the fan turns it makes lot of noise and the quality of the product is really low . The fragrance is supposed to be `` new car '' smell , if any company produce a car that smells like this , I am sure nobody will buy that car . It was a filler item for me to get free shipping , try some different auto fragrances .
 The tachometer out of the box is light , simple to hook up , and looks like a high end professional tach . But , after wiring up the tach , the background light only worked for the first few hours . The tachometer needle sometimes jumps all the way past 10,000 rpm . Sometimes it does n't work at all . Rechecked all wiring , and is hooked up correctly . I have this tach installed in my 2008 Kawasaki Teryx and its possible it can not stand up to the pounding of off roading . I will end up purchasing a different tach .
 Do n't order , this product has been discontinued thanks to the EPA and not removed from the website yet . They sent me a similar but wrong product instead . They processed the return without a problem .
 I recently tried this mag cleaner after being pleased with Eagle One products such as their Nevr-Dull . However , I was so dissapointed with this cleaner that I doubt if I will ever buy something from this company again . Not only did it leave a lot of dirt and brake dust on the rims after much vigorous scrubbing , but it permanantly ruined everything else that it came in contact with . This is an EXTREMELY caustic product that will destroy everthing except the dirt on your rims .
 The steering wheel cover arrived , and I immediately went to my car to slide it on . Boy was I wrong . This thing DID NOT FIT at all . It was entirely too small for my Volvo 's steering wheel , and was a huge waste of time . `` Slip on cover fits all standard steering wheels '' is a LIE !
 The description for this needs a size specification . The product itself comes with no instructions . If there is a way to get this on my truck 's 15.5 '' wide and somewhat thick steering wheel , I could n't find it . I followed some of the suggestions made by other commenters on ways to stretch it on , but no luck . I also followed the suggestion of running it through the dryer for 20 minutes to make it more pliable , but only succeeded in burning my fingers.I 'm only giving a second star because it does appear to be well made . On a smaller wheel , I might have been totally satisfied .
 Fast shipping as always via Amazon Prime . This steering wheel cover advertises it to be `` Genuine Leather '' . I think that 's a bit of an over statement . The one I received seemed like it was made from half leather and then half `` pleather '' . The construction was very good and it seemed to be well made , but the quality of the leather used leaves a bit to be desired . The fit was perfect and if they had used a better quality of leather , I would have gave it a 5 star rating .
 Please do n't claim &#34; Genuine Leather &#34; . You are NOT!The product is indeed well made , everything looks nice . It fits my car nicely . However , I am cheated by the look . I always wonder it is not genuine leather -LRB- animal hide -RRB- like the seller claim . I finally got time to do a simple test . I cut the label coming from the product labelled &#34; Genuine High Grade Leather &#34; into two pieces . One piece is peeled the black cover , the black cover is rubber like can be stretched two times than original length , shinning in the lab light , the base is just another simulated leather . I burned another half , it smelled just like another plastic product . To be fair , the product is worth the price from any point of view except the claim genuine leather .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It came in on time and in a secured box . It looks great and everything , But my own concerned is that the the plastick where too long it left a good 3-4 inch gap and screws are way too long ... But I manage to made it fit and snug . I own a 1992-1995 hatchback eg . So I 'm not really sure if it was for a 1992 4 door eg ...
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 end of hose was 180 degrees out of position , would not work on a 1993 honda accord se . Bought different brand locally .
 Purchased this last season , when we got our new camper . At first it was pretty nice ... then after the first trip , it looked a bit worn ... then it really just went bad from there . When we took it out of storage -LRB- stored in a climate controlled warehouse -RRB- the cover was ruined and we had to take it off ... I should have purchased a hard cover for it I guess . Maybe someone else would have better luck than I did !
 Dont waste your money on a HELIX POWER TOWER . I am a 28 year ASE mechanic , and this is a real money and time waster . I installed it in my Toyota V-6 Tacoma and after 1 month of regular commuting with a very well maintained vehicle and senible driving I found no fuel mileage improvement and no power increase as described by Amazon and the HELIX POWER TOWER packaging .
 I had already written a review of this product , and said it was OK , but after using it , changed my mind . The suction cups are flimsy and do n't stick to the window . I replaced it twice and both times it fell off again . I 'm disappointed and sending it back for a refund .
 In the case that you ca n't just wedge it to something inside your car , the suction cups are just horrible . I did more fighting with this shade than any other infant product that I own .
 I was VERY disappointed with this product . It did n't offer much shade at all from the sun coming through the back window . In fact , my husband and I agreed that there was only a slight difference between having it up or not . Additionally , the suction cups absolutely did n't hold .
 we bought this for the back of our '97 acura integra because our 1 year old goes nuts when the sunlight hits him in the face while he is in his rearfacing carseat . Unfortunately , this shade does n't block out much except for my view out the back window . The suction cups fall off about 20 % of the time . the shade is n't big enough so there is alot of uncovered window space . When the angle is just right for the shade to block out sunlight , it only filters it a little . Still looking for a better alternative but have n't found anything else yet ...
 I found that as soon as I put it up , it fell down again . Useless ! It did n't provide much shade even when up .
 This shade was not long enough or wide enough to cover the rear window of our Saturn sedan . The sunlight was always on our son 's face no matter how we tried to position the shade .
 This product was a waste of money it didnt work , does n't stick to the window . . I had to purchase some else .
 I bought Sunshine Kid sunshade last year and wanted to purchase more . However the products I got are not Sunshine Kid . They do n't even have a brand . They are packed in plastic bags . That 's it ! They look different from the picture . They are also different from the Sunshine kid sunshade I have .
 Suction cups are terrible . Made sure glass was clean before I put it up . Used water to moisten the suction cups . But of course , it fell down . Pretty useless , I 'd say , if it wo n't even stay in place for more than a few mintues . I ca n't have this thing falling on my baby while he 's riding in the back . Returning .
 I needed something for the side window on our van . Unfortunately , it does not stay in place . You put it up and usually within an hour it has fallen down .
 The main thing this did for my 5.7 Charger was give it an amazingly annoying whistle . I didnt notice anything specific to this spacer in terms of HP/TQ or gas mileage . Just a very annoying whistle when you give it gas . I guess in that regard its helped with gas mileage since i try to avoid giving gas to avoid the whistle.Would not recommend.Selling mine for $ 50 if anyone wants it . myke66 at gmail
 This set of hose clamps is incorrectly listed as Stainless ! The set I received was entirely zinc plated steel , not stainless steel . I sent them back for exchange thinking they sent me the wrong thing and the replacements were the same GRIP part number 55166 clamps . It even says on the package -LRB- `` Zinc Plated '' -RRB- . This may not seem significant for basic indoor work , but on boats or outdoor applications , stainless is a must !
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 After Several Hrs . Trying On Different Days , Could Not Make Remote Work . Was Told 05 matrix and 05 corolla Used the Same System and should work . O ' Well May Try Again When Weather Warms Up . Do n't Have Much Hope Though .
 Length :
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 It said it would fit a Sonata GLS 4 cyclinder , but my car takes a 1020 not a 1015 , too late too return it , wasted $ 25 on a lie .
 The description listed strawberry as the scent , and so I assumed that `` lavender '' was just the color . Unfortunately , my logic was wrong . This is lavender scented which makes me sick . The first day I used this someone told me my car smells like their closet . I am disappointed with the incorrect product information and overall scent of this .
 This item kept falling apart . All the beads would fall all over the place . I trashed this item two days after I recieved it .
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 they do work , kit coms with everything needed to install them . The motors are weak and are not durable . After installing one of the motors seized up on me very quickly .
 the pin that stops the arm from rotating does not match the hole . I had to drill a new hole , not looking to pretty . The company has no help . You get what you pay for .
 It seems like a decent stand for the money however it showed up and the box was DESTROYED . I had to get on the internet and send it back since is was missing all 4 mounting arms . Now I have to wait another week for the stand . In the mean time , my engine block is sitting on the floor and ca n't do a thing with it . It looks like they should check these boxes for all the parts before shipping them out . Would save a ton of time and money .
 This has NO power . It wo n't climb a 5 degree incline . I 'm not exaggerating . I have to connect it to a vehicle to jump start it to get enough amps to get the thing to start each time . What a waste of money .
 I 've had this gismo for about 1 week . I noticed after my 45 min dirve to work , that it got very hot . I called customer support and they said it was normal for the unit to get hot . Anyway a few days later , the fues blew . I replaced it , and after about 10 min it blew again.Besides the above issue , VRFM8W works great as described . I think the sound quality is good .
 I would have loved for this thing to work -- it does n't . On the strongest of the frequencies I could just barely hear the music through the static . On most of the frequencies I could hear nothing at all . Then I tried it on my wife 's car , which is newer and has a far better sound system , and I could n't get any signal on any of the frequencies.Too bad -- I wanted to use my mp3 player in my car . Back it goes . If you buy this thing , just make sure you can return it for full refund .
 I agree with NomDePlume . I had high hopes for this product as well . Even if it worked , sort of , I would have been happy but it did n't even do that . USB connection sucked , and the sound quality using the cord was awful . Customer service was even worse . Simply was n't worth the money , and it was n't even all that expensive . I 'll just burn a disc while I 'm returning mine for a refund .
 I had this item for one week and it broke . Replaced the fuse and it still would n't work . I 'm waiting on a replacement from the manufacturer .
 I was expecting more from this product . I used it for 2 weeks , It does not lose signal , works perfectly with my Manufacturer installed radio in my Corolla 2005 at New Jersey Area , But the sound fidelity is terrible , sounds more like AM -LRB- amplitude modulation -RRB- not even FM . I would recommend this product only if you do n't care about the lower fidelity . Also , the USB takes an eternity to play the next song , At the beginning , I thought the device was broken until realized that 's how it works .
 Unit does everything described in the Product Description but they do n't tell you that you have to crank up the radio volume way up to hear anything , the sound quality is only fair , or that the unit is flimsy . It does play MP3 files but I was under whelmed by the overall quality .
 This product did n't seem to work at all , I sent it back . Occassionally it would play all of one song but mostly it locked up on the first song every time , no matter which song it was or which thumb drive I put in . I tried to reformat them , know they worked on the stereo I had before , but to no avail . Then every time I unplugged it it would start again on the same song and lock up again . Seems to be a very unreliable product .
 You can never get the product to keep a station on the radio long enough to allow your music to play . It is always fading in and out or lots of static . It was a waste of money . We do n't ust it at all .
 This was my third fm modulator from VR3 . The other two work fine . This one is a big disappointment . It has a more limited number of fm frequencies available and none of those coincides with a `` clear '' on in my geographic area . So essentially unusable .
 it worked for the first day . . would play one song and then try the second one and then start over and over , but only for a few seconds . . JUNK
 I was disappointed the remote and controls only works for usb drive players . Also the reviews ab it having static are correct . I tried it out this morning and I think I was able to get it on a frequency that did n't have static so I think it will work for my commute car . I might get the usb drive player as opposed to plugging in my mp3 player . So I suppose if there is no other alternative this could possibly work for you but I was disappointed .
 I would not recommend this manual for owners of a 3.2 L V6 equipped Amigo . It concentrates on the older models and other engines .
 The wheel is great and looks good . However the center cap it not so good . The emblem is crooked and now after a short time is fading rapidly to a whitish color .
 did not honor price I bought it for bad customer servicehad no idea pricing was wrong and now they will not honorBeware customer service no help
 I have attempted to order this item several times . Apparently , it is NOT available , but they keep advertising it . My order has consistently been rejected . I did order the RH door handle and it DID arrive . This item should be taken off the product list if it is not going to be available for purchase .
 The wrench came quickly after ordering and it is as described . It is a solid tool and normally , I 'd give it a full 5-star review . BUT , READ THE DESCRIPTION carefully before you order . The description from Amazon/Gorilla is misleading . It says that it fits ALL . It kinda does , but the 21 & 23 mm sizes are actually NOT METRIC . They are , of course , close , but 13/16 '' and 7/8 '' are not 21 & 23 mm . If you have metric 's with fancy chrome finish on your lugs , the advice that one previous reviewer gave that you have to be sure to hammer the socket on to assure a good fit is going to scar the fancy finish . It also makes removing the lugs from the socket VERY difficult . And , remember , you have to do this process many times in changing a tire.If a gorilla is changing your tire and/or you HAVE to get on with your drive , then you may not be so choosy if your lugs get scarred . But if you have the time , go for a socket that is the correct size . Unfortunately , this means you might want to avoid this product . Just keep a length of pipe -LRB- junk pile or hardware store -RRB- in the trunk with your car 's wrench to get the added torque .
 I bought these LEDs because my car puts out low voltage power in the tail lights . They worked fine at first . But after a few times lowering my boat into the the water I noticed the several lights not working . On further inspection I realized the lights were full of water . I drained and dried them but now only one or two lights work . I checked the ground and everything looks fine so it must be the lights . They look pretty rusted out . Not very submersible if you ask me .
 For $ 120 bucks , I expected something that at least WORKED , even if it was n't top of the line . The construction is so-so , but the design is unacceptable . I bought this to keep groceries and other small/light items from rolling around my truck bed . Installation was straightforward -LRB- it acts essentially like a child gate that expands inside a doorway -RRB- . However , the design is such that there are plastic feet that are supposed to keep the bottom of the gate from moving forward or back along the floor of the bed . These feet are made of rigid plastic and are not coated in rubber or some other material that would prevent the feet from slipping . I installed the gate and pressed lightly against the bottom . The gate pushed in with almost no effort , and the top of the gate -- while it held tight to the top of the bed -- twisted in as I pushed . I do not understand how reviews I 've seen on other sites were averaging so high . I suppose if you were using this in an SUV or something with carpeting , the feet might hold better . However , the combination of rigid plastic feet on my plastic bedliner and the fact that the top bar twists with minimal effort makes this gate totally worthless to me . I ended up returning it . Steer clear !!!
 Had to return this item , as it was too wide to hold standard 12-cup basket filters -LRB- as shown in photo -RRB- . Tried fanning out the filters as manufacturer recommends but they still fell out . The ad and box show coffee filters being used , but product itself is embossed with `` Pop A Plate '' . 6 '' paper plates or bowls would probably work much better in this .
 I would not buy these boots again . I bought these Teknic Defenders at a M/C show in Feb and within 3 weeks of light riding the shift pad wore completely through . I 've had a pair of old engineers boots for over 12 years and a pair of Tour Master Response short boots for around 3 years and they are still holding up well.So I do n't think there is anything special about my shift lever or how I shift.There was also a defect on the inside near the zipper that caused a corner to dig into my leg above my ankle . I was able to fix that . After that , they were quite comfortable and warm.The dealer from the show has been trying to contact Teknic for a couple of weeks with no results . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Nice concept , but more trouble than it 's worth . Does n't feel solid enough to last very long . And it 's simply not easy to tug a napkin out without ripping it .
 I was under the impression that this device was made of a soft material that would protect my car doors . It is n't and it does n't . It 's just as hard as the walls in my garage and provides no protection . If it were made of a softer material I would recommend it without hesitation . This was a complete waste of money . A rolled up towel stapled to my garage wall would work better .
 First point , this is advertised as producing 260ft/lbs of torque , however right on the package , it reads 230 . Also , on the high setting , I seem to get about 100 to 120 ft/lbs out of it , if I leave it on the bolt for a bit . There is no way this thing ever has , or ever will produce the 230 shown on the package , and certainly not the 260ft/lbs as advertised here .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 i put this on my truck and within a week it wiggled itself loose . althought it looks cool after it fell off i no longer use it
 shift knob was packaged ok came with mounting adaptors , and battery ` sknob looks good , heres where the buts come in , but the screws that mount it in place strip easily , but one eye illuminates WAY brighter then the other , but the screw that holds part of it on keeps turning out , think i paid 14 bucks or so for this you get what you pay fori use it on my can am quad , so alot of vibration , but the screws would do the same in my trucks as well iam sure
 I do n't recall seeing it in the listing anywhere that I was buying a used product but that 's what I got . I do n't know what these pieces are called , but the frame bolted section that is n't supposed to move , well it 's busted & moves around . The round connection that pivots , has rubber in it so that it can bounce , the rubber was all cracked and obviously not new . Perhaps this was a reman , I dunno but I can say that it had a fresh coat of paint on it because the bolt holes looked like they 've never been torqued down . Either way , i 'm not going to spend an afternoon installing in the odd hopes that it will actually work properly , which i 'm about 99.9 % sure that it wo n't . Well ... there goes $ 50 bucks!I advise anyone needing this to ask if it 's new , reman or used before you buy it .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 I ordered a wiper cowl for my 2000 mustang , I was sent a cowl for a 95-03 Blazer !! not even the same car make or model . NOT HAPPY .
 This cowl hit on the top of the windshield wiper bolt , hit the end of the passenger windshield wiper , and blocked your vision going over a steep hill . This appears to be a one size fits all , certainly not an S10 . I had to trim out to clear the drivers side hinge , and the hood hit it when raised enough to use the prop rod . There was n't any good places to screw it down , as there were no places where it would be flat on the cowl opening . About all it is good for is sticking it on when out cruising and taking it off for going offroad , checking oil , or driving where there are steep hills .
 I was looking forward to putting this on my truck , but after much studying and some xtra help i broke down and called lund only to find out this part will not fit my truck , i sent it back and recieved a full refund , , , sorry it did n't work out
 I did n't want to go through all the `` work '' involved with painting a concrete garage floor so i chose this product . first of all , it was not as thick/heavy as i thought it would be -LRB- which i guess is partly is my fault for not know what thickness this `` mil '' was -RRB- but i figured i could live with it . i bought 2 of the 9 x 20 ' mats and thought they would come on a roll like a carpet - not folded into a small box . it is unbelievable how many folds and wrinkles there are . i wrote to the manufacturer to see if the folds would come out and was told `` over time they may relax some but will not go away '' . there are no corners available so there are open spaces at the junction of the sides and the back . they warn it is slippery when wet but we have n't had any rain so i have n't found out exactly how slippery it is . overall i hate this product and am sorry i bought it . it is certainly not worth the money as far as i am concerned . do n't waste your money
 It got us through the winter , which is what I intended for it to do untilit warmed up enough that I could do the necessary work to get the garageto drain into a sump . But , by spring it was pretty much junk . Sand fromwinter street sanding and other things the car tracks in on the tires madelittle holes all over in the plastic film . It was stained and ugly and does n'tcome clean no matter how much you scrub with soap and water . It left earlyin the Spring ... on the garbage truck .
 I agree with many of the comments here . I 've had a 9x20 in my garage for years to help with my Silverado pickup mess in New England . It does help keep the slush , snow , water and oil off the garage floor and from spreading all over the garage . The problem I have is that the weak plastic edging -LRB- which is a pain and time consuming to install . Believe me it does not insatll in seconds -RRB- breaks easily especially on the garage door side which is driven over and over . I called the company and they were nice enough to send me free replacement edges , but the same thing keeps happening and after a while the vinyl mat starts to tear and looks ratty . If they would come up with some edging on the garage door side that will not crack and break so easily it would make this product so much better and less of a hassle to maintain .
 The mat itself is nice and strong . But to put the edges on is a night mare . The last one we owned was much better
 These mats were a pain from the start , the pieces around the edge did n't fit together well , the mats bunched up over time , water pools on them and they are impossible to keep clean because the dirt gets caught around the edges . I could not get rid of them fast enough !
 This says it fits an 85 Subaru Brat , but it is completely wrong . It 's too short and has this plastic guide on pedal side that is n't on the original .
 I am not sure why they are trying to sell this for over $ 11.00 when NAPA sells it for $ 5.90
 Pros
 I have a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited with 255/75 -17 tires . In the product description , the manufacture does not have the exact tires this cover fits so you have to rely on the customer reviews . I thought the tire cover looked exactly what I wanted and ordered the Bestop Black Denim 61031-15 X-Large after looking at other reviews on Amazon . When it arrived I tried to put it on the Jeep spare tire and it DID NOT fit . I then went back to look at the reviews again and found that Amazon puts the same reviews for Bestop tire covers on all the different sizes . I found one review where the customer with the same tires I have ordered the Bestop Black Denim 61033 XX-Large tire cover . He said this fit his tire perfectly so I will order that one .
 Purchased for my 2011 JK . Stock tires are approx . 29 inches , Bought the 30 inch cover . Fit good , however when i had to remove to check tire pressure on spare , the was already about a one and a half in tear near the elastic band . I 'm not one to complain but I probably will not buy another product from BesTop . Which is sad because I will be purchasing a new softtop within the year . Would not recommend . There is cheaper and more expensive covers , wish I had tried either . Name brand means nothing .
 It arrived with a split seam . I decided to try it anyway just to confirm it would fit and it did not fit a 35x13 .50 , so I did not order a replacement . It does not look like it would be easy to install or remove , so just be aware of this if you use your spare regularly -LRB- for example , off-roading or construction -RRB- .
 even that that thing work . . i doesnt do a good job . . cuz when i put it onmy car started to accelerate more than normaly and the shifts were abnormal ... i live in mexico thats the only thing because i didnt return it ... cuz i already replacit with the original that was malfunctioning . . but even like that work better than this thing . .
 The first two of these pumps just viberate and did n't actually spin . The third seems to be working well so far . Maybe a little more R&D .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I bought a car cover and it 's already riped in the front at the seam . No I am not satified with this product . All I did was pull the front dow tight ad boom the fabric ripped at he seam .
 Promptly received my order for Brembo front brake rotors . However , when they were installed it was found that they were outr of the 0.003 flatness spec . This caused a vibration problem during brakeing . Amazon sent me a replacement set no questions asked . It was noted that these rotors were Made in China . Not at the Brembo euro plant . Useually I do not buy any automotive parts from China . Amazon needs to give origin of manufacture on products like these . It is a lot of work to make the repair a second time .
 First , before I get flamed , I 'm not here to knock on the quality of the lug nuts , which I agree is pretty good quality . BUT ! For a set that is close to a ~ $ 100.00 , all my lug nut locks -LRB- gold color -RRB- are turning to chrome , hence that makes me believe that they just sprayed a thin layer of some kind of shiny gold on the locks ? The other lug nuts are fine , but ALL 4 lug nut locks were gold and now fading to chrome , what 's up with that ?! Again , for something that supposed to be great quality and let me repeat close to a ~ $ 100.00 , hence the 2 star review .
 You are announcing to the world that you are a lewd , crass , low-brow individual when you slap this sticker on your car . This is just inviting stares from folks you probably do n't want to `` mount '' you . Yech !
 I used Amazon 's tool to look for a part to fit my car . It arrived as promised . I removed my tire and the rotor . Upon trying to put the new rotor on ... it did not fit ! I tried to contact seller and they said they would send me instructions on how to exchange the product , but nothing ever came . I contacted them again and no response.I ended up going to auto zone and getting a similar part -LRB- roughly same price -RRB- and breaks work fine now.So if anyone needs this part and you know it will fit I have an extra pair .
 I tried really hard with this product , but I can not recommend it for anyone . It wo n't stay on your car , it wo n't protect against moisture and it does n't keep out the sun 's rays or heat.I tied it on multiple ways , I used a variety of weights , and I went outside whenever I could , as many as five times a day , to put it back on after it blew off . But even though I live in a city with calm winds most of the year , this car cover would blow off every single day.It is not a custom fit , of course , but my car 's length fit squarely in the targeted range . No matter -- it would come off under any and all circumstances.I live in one of hottest places in America and I bought this car cover not to protect against rain as much as to protect against dirt and sun . If the car interior was 130 degrees without the cover , it was 120 with it -- it simply did n't do anything to cool things down . A 10-dollar windshield sun shade effects a greater cooling influence on a car than this car cover , even when it stays on . It 's just too thin . And all the blowing off meant dirt still got on my car , and it was a disaster in the rain , just making things worse and trapping moisture against the car.I guess this product would be okay to use in a garage only if your car has a boxy profile ; a smoother profile will lead to constant slippage .
 I was looking for a lightweight cover for indoor storage . The cover tore the first time it was put on the car . Due to the nature of the material it is virtually impossible to repair.Don ' t buy this cover . Spend a little more for a better quality cover .
 Two - things1 -RRB- Fit was not good . Almost too small and I did use the ` Make sure it fits ' tool .2 -RRB- Quality really bad - my finger actually ripped the material when pulling it over the car for the first time .
 I 've had two of these . I bought the first one and it did n't work . The place I bought it from said I had to go back to the company , so I did . It took several phone calls to managers before they agreed to pay the shipping , which they thought I should pay . Finally they did send the new one out and it arrived working . I used it for a day and it stopped working again . I opened it up to try and fix it myself , but I could n't find a problem with my multimeter . I think there is a problem with the circuitry shorting out , but much of it is too small to get my multimeter in there so I ca n't go far with that . I tried calling again and left my number for a supervisor several times when they kept telling me that they could n't take it back twice . I never got a call back . I had a supervisor 's direct e-mail address from the last time , but she did n't respond to several messages . Finally I declined the charge on my credit card . I 've seen these working , so perhaps I had bad luck , but if yours does n't work make sure Amazon will take it back because the company thinks these are sold `` as is '' regardless of what the warranty says .
 I bought this back in May of 2010 & I have been using it to display names of dances while DJing but now it decided to stop working . I changed the battery on the remote thinking that was the problem , but NO it is still broken and the message is stuck on only one dance instead of the 10 that I had programmed . I would n't recommend this product to anyone since it is supposed to be for cars that move around all the time and I had this thing on top of the counter and it still broke . Not worth the cheap price that 's for sure ! I guess you get for what you pay !
 I received the Roadmaster Rear Deck Scrolling Digital Message System as a gift . I was very excited . A few months later I finally found the time to mount the scrolling message board.I was extrememly disappointed to discover the remote does not work . I have pointed the remote at the sensor from every distance and angle but it still would n't work . I bought and replaced the battery but the remote still does not work . Because the remote does n't work it 's impossible to view any message except the original demo message that tells me to change the message.I 've attempted to contact roadmaster abou their product but have received no response . I stayed on hold more than a 1/2 hour and no one answered despite the fact that the first minute I called the operater indicated the wait time was more than 25 minutes . The operator was still indicating the wait time was more than 25 minutes after waiting for 30 minutes . I left a message to receive a call-back but did not receive a response . The website information included in the packaging I received with the scrolling message does not exist . The message when I called the customer service number and it suggests customers cotact them through the same non-existant website.This product is a great idea but it does n't work and customer service is non-existant . I know it 's tempting because the idea is really cool but DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME .
 I had this product a few days and it quit working . I ca n't even get a tech or represenative to help me in returning or exchanging this product . Your put on hold for more than 30 minutes and still nothing .
 The product is alright . It does what it says it is suppose to do , yet does not stop repeating the demo message . If you are able to disable the demo then it was not easily described how to in the manual . It does not power off as long as it is pluggged in and will run the batery of your car down if you forget to unplug it . Overall not worth the money . Needs improvement
 I used these dollies today for the first time and when I tried to move the car on a flat , smooth concrete surface the dollies bent where the wheels are attached to the plate . The car is several hundred pounds under the rated load so needless to say I am NOT happy . I purchased these dollies because of the other positive reviews which makes me wonder about the other reviews.Having every confidence that the dollies would exceed my expectations I discarded the Original packaging after I assembled them . The return policy says Return in original packaging so I guess I just threw away $ 140.00 .
 I had a lesson in coils this past 72 hours . In the old days ... as little as 10 years ago ... people like Standard Ignition and other aftermarket people like MSD , Excel , etc. used to have USA Made products.Well , I believed yesterday , since not only did Amazon but other places like Summit Racing advertised this Mallory 29216 Ignition Coil as a Mallory USA product and for the extreme cost ... I believed I would be getting a USA made Mallory Coil tomorrow . This is also the part number Mallory 's Distributor # 4760001 said I should use and confirmed by Mallory 's Tch ppl.I called Mallory today ... NOPE ! This is n't made in the USA ... it 's made in China ! This is what Mallory told me ! 90 % of Mallory USA is Mallory China !!! It 's false advertising ! I know about the Ohms , voltage , etc. which is what makes coils work with other ignition parts , mainly your distributors points or module.I 'm dissapointed in Amazon saying Mallory USA . I bought a Mallory Cap & Rotor about less than a year ago thinking these high dollar parts were made in the USA ... NOPE ! One of the the caps contacts were milled about 1/8 inch too much ... probably why I have a miss . I got the cap & rotor 2 days before a 1000 mile journey in my Jeep so I used it anyway.Mallory says they warranty their parts for 1 year but Amazon is only a few months . Not cool!What does a person do when they spend top money for supposedly the best product ? Mallory USA !!!!! It 's Mallory CHINA !!! You want to know what 's wrong with the USA ? It 's Big Business and politicians.Understand rather or not you have a electronic or points type of distributor ... learn about the Ohms rating and rather or not you need a resistor for your apllication/coil ... who cares about the voltage ! Know rather or not you need a ballast resistor for your coil and distributor system and then buy the cheapest coil you can find ! Also know you wont find a USA made canister coil like this.Do not let the voltage rating of a coil make you think you are getting a superior product and do not let Amazons display that you are buying a USA product fool you even if it 's NOT Mallory USA ! Mallory USA ... the Mallory Tech on their website said , very few if any Mallory parts are made in the USA.Update . Talked to Amazon on the phone . I raised the issues above including not adhering to Mallory 's 1 year warranty in regards to my cap & rotor I bought less than a year ago . I really made the point that if Amazon does n't display where parts are acutally made , they will face major returns and overall that will affect Prime Members in the future form still getting 2nd Day Service . If management does not understand in Amazons automotive section that price , quality and especially where a part is made is not fullfilled , we 'll send parts back to them causing them to spend unecessary monies on returns.Update # 2
 I ordered a mallory e-spark and supposide matching coil . I had a mechanic set up the electronic egnition who does alot of work for me . It would not work so we sorced one locally and it work perfectly . The coil was supposed to be correct and matching to the electronic egnition however the literature in the box said not fit for electronic egnition . The whole process a waste of my money and time
 This decal was very difficult to apply to a large window such as rear truck as it is made for . It had to be cut to size which was more challenging than imagined . If not done with precision it shows ! Difficult to manage application , wrinkles , bubbles , tears , and curls up at edges ... Therefore you can not put window up and down if your truck is able to without compromising the decal . Looks good from a distance , but overall disappointing and expensive -LRB- $ 70 -RRB- cool sticker !
 VERY ! un-happy with this order . i give this a `` NO-STAR '' in my opinion because several months ago i ordered and PAYED for , not just one but two of these lights and never got them . not a huge loss , but still feel `` RIPPED OFF '' > : -LSB-
 I searched , found and ordered Hella OVAL lights for my tractor . I had researched quite a bit and finally chose these OVAL lights to match the other ones on my tractor . Problem is the product does n't match the description ! They came as ROUND lights . So , I went to the John Deere dealer and ordered the OEM lights because you ca n't always believe what you are told on the internet . Buyer Beware !
 I bought these pads so I could change the brakes my self ... and it does n't fit . I did n't get my money back b/c by the time I figured out how to do my brakes , the return policy had expired .
 I bought these pads so I could change the brakes my self ... and it does n't fit . I did n't get my money back b/c by the time I figured out how to do my brakes , the return policy had expired .
 I would never recommend this cover to anyone . It is very cheaply made and of poor quality material . Within one month of putting it on our car , the squirrels had eaten huge holes in it and had shredded the entire top of the car part of the cover as well as other smaller parts of the cover .
 The car cover is a great fit for our new hybrid car . I wish I have had it for my other car -LRB- now is old -RRB- 7 years ago .
 The description of this item needs to state for California vehicles only , purchased this cap and a rotor that Amazon said would fit my 1994 Toyota Camry 2.2 4 cyl . I waited too long for nicer weather to install them and they were not even close . The coil is covered under the cap . correct Bosh cap is 03391 . Thanks for the paper weight Amazon .
 This site tells you that this part will fit a base model 1994 chevy s10 pickup 2 wheel drive 2.2 L engine size but it does not .
 This product is not fit very well . Granted , I know it is n't car specific , but jeeeeezuzzzzz !!!! I brought this to put it on my Infiniti M35X . At first it was cool . Soon after it became an issue . I live in NY and it is n't that windy on my block . I come out one day and the damn thing is on my neighbors car balled up . Then I ordered the lock and chain for it . I came home from work one day and the lock and chain were still on as was the cover , but instead of it being on the car , it was on the ground at the back of the car . It is n't fitted on the sides so as soon as any wind blows , it starts to come up at the front and back . If you can avoid buying this cover , please do . It is not a very well constructed cover .
 Absolutely no water protection -- water goes right through like the cover was a simple terry-cloth towel.It seems the cover is meant to keep dust off the car and prevent scratches while parked in the garage -- not outside.By `` moisture protection , '' they must mean `` dew '' -- not rain.There is a two-year guarantee so I will see if it survives two harsh summers in Sunland , CA . I bought it in January ,2009 thinking it was going to shed water , but it does n't . For a simple cover that hopefully provides twoyears of UV protection , the $ 75 I paid is just too much . Also , it does not come with a storage bag . It 's not allthat practical when one thinks it through
 I just tried to install this filter in the 2011 Subaru Outback Limited PZEV and it does not fit . It is a hair to big and the clips will not close if you put this filter in .
 I spent a good five minutes trying to squeeze this thing into place before I gave up , cursing , and compared its dimensions to the old paper filter I was replacing . It is visibly wider by a good 1/8 inch and simply wo n't fit into the housing . I went to AutoZone to see if their computer also recommends this model for the 2010 Forester and it does , so if anyone out there has advice for me on a filter model that actually does fit , please share !
 I used the Amazon `` Make sure it fits '' to get the proper number for my recently purchased Honda 2008 Fit . This is the model they said to use . When I received the filter it was twice the size of the air filter in the car . I returned it with no problems which is why I shop Amazon . I then went to the K & N website and found the proper filter -LRB- 33-2359 -RRB- . Ordered from Amazon and this one fits the FIT .
 I ordered this K&N filter for my 2008 Subaru WRX . After about one hour of trying to get this product in my Subaru WRX , it would not fit properly ! Other Subaru 2008 WRX owners have this same complant ! I wrote a e-mail to K&N about the fit issue , they did not responed ! Do not buy a K&N filter for a Subaru 2008 WRX , It will not fit ! I have purchase K&N filters before with no issue .
 I bought this K&N air filter last year and have sinced cleaned it once and used it approximately 40,000 miles . I took it out to clean it for the second time and much to my displeasure found that the filter element was separated from the rubber surround in a few places . This means that unfiltered air was getting into my engine for how long I have no idea . I did email K&N directly a couple of times and they never returned my emails . I would have been happy with getting at least 100,000 miles out of this but for this price it 's a piece of junk . To all the K&N fans who will probably question what I 'm telling , yes I did get the K&N cleaning kit and yes I did follow the instructions to the `` T '' . I bet many more filters out there are failing but people just do n't realize it . I will never buy another K&N product again .
 I ordered two K&N ; filters , one for my Toyota Yaris TSport 1.5 2004 , it is perfect , we fitted it within 5 minutes.But the K&N ; 33 - 2304 for my 2009 Subaru Legacy Outback 2.5 i is too big , it was impossible to place it , it is about 1cm to width.K & N ; 33-2304 High Performance Replacement Air Filter
 I was really excited about getting this filter and unfortunately trusted that sinceI told the vendor what kind of car it was for , that we would merely have to install it . The oil change was n't due for a month but I did n't worry , stupidly trusting that we had a super duper air filter . Well , it does n't fit . Its too big . I dont ' really know what to do next since they knew what car it was for so maybe they simply do n't have a filter for the 2004 Prius.K & N ; 33-2304 Replacement Air Filter
 I received the product and tried to install in my air filter housing . The rubber band around the air filter is too wide and sits up too high . I can not engage the tabs at the bottom of the filter housing . I have used the products on all my other vehicles with out any problems but this is too big . I will rma the product back to Amazon and buy a stock filter from my slug local parts store branch . Good thing I checked out the air filter it was all dirty and clogged so I should see some improvement with a new filter . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If I could I would rate this filter 0 out of 5 stars . I bought it for my 2010 SUBARU WRX and felt no improvement at all ... the only thing I felt was my bank account shrinking due to the bad MPG this filter gave me . For all of us WRX drivers , premium gas prices are getting to high ! I would usually get 20-24mpg on streets & 25-28mpg hwy -LRB- w/stock air filter -RRB- ... this crap -LRB- k & n -RRB- filter killed my gas to 16-19mpg on streets & could barely get to 20-21mpg hwy !!! RIDICULOUS !!! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND STAY WITH THE STANDARD OEM AIR FILTER . I popped in a new OEM air filter today , filled up and drove home on the streets and got 24.6 MPG BIG DIFFERENCE !!! Another thing I noticed is that this filter does n't fit as tight as the original . Either way , this was junk !!!
 I ordered this for my 1995 Z28 because it looked like a good price and said it would fit . It did not fit - not even close . I was further disappointed that it was made in China . I learned that my Z28 demands quality parts , to exact specifications , or they just do n't work right .
 The picture does not show 70933 kit , it shows 71933 kit . 70933 is open end lug nut , 71933 is closed end one . If you are , like me , looking for closed end lug nuts DO NOT buy this product .
 I 'm pretty sure this is the incorrect part for a Hyundai . Mine is an '04 Elantra GT and I was directed to this particular rotor through the model search feature . However , after comparing prices on other sites , the part number seems to have been transposed in Amazon 's database . I believe the correct part number to be 25643 - not 25364 as listed.Don ' t let me disuade anyone from purchasing it for other applications.Unfortunately I could n't find any other way to contact Amazon to verify and correct this information .
 Love Happy Bunny , but this air fresher does n't freshen the air - it does the EXACT opposite . After 1/2 a day in the car , we actually had to throw the air freshener out because it smelled aweful !
 This is an electrical control to set -LRB- or unset -RRB- 4 wheel drive . I ordered one for my truck . It arrived damaged - the insulation immediately behind the switch was broken . Returned the item and received a replacement . The insulation on the replacement was broken in almost the same place as the original . The problem is in the interior - not an Amazon - box . The switch is allowed to slide in back and forth within the box so the mass of the switch itself can break the insulation and possibly the wiring going into the switch . I do n't recommend installing these switches .
 I entered the make , model and year of my car ... amazon says this fits ... it does n't ... with US model Acura TL / Honda Accord ... the standard lug is 12x1 .5 3/4 hex acorn seat ... . this has a 19mm hex -LRB- too big -RRB- making it incompatible with the cars lug wrench ... make sure you really know what you are getting with Amazon model fitment . . this time it was n't so bad with $ 5 of lug nuts ... it obviously would be a monster problem with $ 2000 and 150 lbs of new wheels ...
 The product ordered was checked to fit the Camaro . Site / Size all said the fit was matched to the vehicle . However , it was fitted for a smaller car . . maybe a smart car . Not a CHEVY of any type . Should be able to verify the product by size and vehicle specs . Guess that 's too much to ask ...
 I am not satisfied . The price is irrelevant ... I really do not remain satisfied with the quality ... It has articles that are poorly executed ...
 Driving 50 mpg down a country road and see a deer standing at the side of the road looking at you ; told me that the deer alert does n't scare them away . It alerts them , but I do n't think that 's good enough .
 If you have a Jeep Grand Wagoneer , you will need to spend the extra money and buy the factory service manual . The Haynes manual is ok for a few small repairs , but I have found that owning a Wagoneer means you either have to be able to do any repairs yourself , or you at least need to thoroughly research what each repair involves before handing your baby over to a mechanic . This is a vehicle with a number of significant `` quirks . ''
 This product claims to be able to unload up to 3000 lb . of almost any type of material one would usually carry in the bed of a pickup truck . For many light loads such as 500-600 lbs . of fireplace sized logs , this product worked very well . However , when I tried to unload about one ton -LRB- 2000 lb . -RRB- of fill dirt from my pickup , the product was unable to handle it . I had to shovel some of the dirt out before the load handler was able to remove the rest . And , this was with a plastic liner beneath the load handler 's fabric to reduce friction . In conclusion , I like this product for moving light loads , but am very disappointed that it can not handle nearly the amount claimed .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 These valve covers are not as advertised and are of very poor quality . The `` features '' section says they are baffled , but in fact are not . There are noticeable machine marks on the sides , and the chrome plating is poor and not what I expected . I would not recommend these valve covers to anyone .
 I remember seeing a lot of these in the 1970s when most decent folks did n't even know what `` horny '' meant . Now that most people are familiar with the term , why would you invite the honks of the people who would stoop to honk at such a vile sticker . Yuck . The only scenario I can think of where this would be funny would be if you stuck it on the butt of a rhinocerous .
 These are FANTASTIC for having no brake dust!But in getting no dust , you also get no stopping power!They are pretty noisy , sounds like a grinding noise and you do n't get a nice gradual braking , just a lot of noise and nothing and then WHOA it rips your face off.I 'm semi please .
 Really , really disappointing product . The fit was very poor and I had to fabricate my own bracket . I bought this because the stock airbox was literally falling apart . I did n't expect to see any gains in gas mileage - and did n't - but the worst part is the increase in noise - the motor is VERY loud now , like I 'm running a fart can exhaust on the back end . I got ta believe there are better options than this one - best to pass on it .
 and the merchant never responded to my queries so I had to file a claim with amazon.com to get a refund . Boo !
 Says it fits a 2000 cherokee but the manifold gasket does not fit . the holes for the exhaust ports are to large and they let air escape .
 The product is described as booster cables . What you get is a BAG for booster cables . I think the difference is clear to the naked eye .
 I ordered this thinking I was getting booster cables with a handy carrying bag but it turns out I was just sent the bag . Would I really fork out $ 5-10 for a bag ? I do n't know if it was just the seller I bought from but if your looking for cables MAKE SURE YOUR NOT JUST GETTING A BAG .
 This product was ordered and installed in my 1988 Toyota pickup around this time last year.It began malfunctioning in six months by slipping gears and is now not functioning at all.I would recommend looking elsewhere as I am about to do .
 Over the years I have probably purchased a dozen or more K&N filters for vehicles and never had a problem with fitment . Not this time . This thing just does not fit well enough to keep from letting dust get by the filter . I had it to long before attempting to install it to be able to return it . I thought about listing it on ebay , but even if someone got it for like 10 bucks , I would feel guilty .
 Contrary to what AMAZON states this product does not fit a 911 . Lower fitting is too thin , but you do not find until old one is off.Don ' t waste your money and do n't believe AMAZON when it comes to what fits .
 Winch cradle arrived packaged alright . Fairly heavy duty , nicely cut parts . However ... . the paint job is terrible . It was flaking off in the box ! Still worth the money , I think , but I 'll have to sandblast and repaint for sure . Not cool , superwinch ...
 I received the hitch assembly unwrapped with zero items to accompany . I have n't installed it yet , but thankfully the other reviewers have provided help with that . I can only hope that it will fit reasonably well .
 I thought I was ordering the large size that would cover the entire cargo area of my Jeep . But you must read the FINE print that this is a single seat cover ! UGH ! I wish they would show a picture of EXACTLY what you are ordering and not a picture of something they do n't even carry ! Talk about false advertising ! I am so upset that I wasted my money on this item.Worst part about it is that if I do put it on the passenger seat and my dog sits on the cover it is so slick and slippery he slips right off and into my dashboard ! And if I apply the breaks while driving he get slammed into the dashboard.This product is actually DANGEROUS to your pet .
 After I purchased this , I felt like it was a waste of money . A blanket would have done just as well . I had a number of problems.First
 Pros
 I will be glad to give Valley a 5 star rating for the receiver hitch for my tacoma . It 's a great value and fits perfectly . I would advise you to buy it somewhere else , though . There was basically no shipping package and the unit arrived with scuffs in several places on the powdercoat that I will have to paint to prevent rust in the future . Because or the poor or almost no packaging the hardware was lost and I spent $ 22 at the hardware store to buy the bolts to install the hitch.Synopsis
 The hitch is great and easy to install . Very sturdy . However , it does not come with a ball mount , pin and clip , and receiver cover . I e-mailed customer service and they sent another one within a few days , but guess what , the parts were not in that shipment either .
 Get ready to get disappointed when purchasing this product because it does not include ball mount , pin and clip , and receiver cover as described . I contacted customer service and they shipped the item again and guess what , the ball mount , pin and clip , and receiver were missing again . I contacted customer service again and this time they told me to return the item for full refund because they have no idea why those items were missing . I have no idea why would they list the items on the pruduct description when the item does not come with addional parts.Very very disappointing .
 This cover just does not stay put and therefore defeats the entire purpose of protecting your seats from mud and paw scratches from your pet . It has very slick underside and constantly needs readjustment on my leather sits as it glides whichever way my dog moves . Because of that it also makes my dog unstable while in a car as on every turn it shifts in a direction car takes it and so shifts the dog with it , forcing him to lose his balance . It may perform better in compact cars with fabric seats but I would not recommend to buy this cover if you have large seats and especially if you have leather seats .
 Based on the description I thought I was purchasing an item that would fit well in my car . However it was my mistake for buying it without an image.It does n't fit well in my car and did not come with instructions .
 I thought I was ordering the large size that would cover the entire cargo area of my Jeep . But you must read the FINE print that this is a single seat cover ! UGH ! I wish they would show a picture of EXACTLY what you are ordering and not a picture of something they do n't even carry ! Talk about false advertising ! I am so upset that I wasted my money on this item.Worst part about it is that if I do put it on the passenger seat and my dog sits on the cover it is so slick and slippery he slips right off and into my dashboard ! And if I apply the breaks while driving he get slammed into the dashboard.This product is actually DANGEROUS to your pet .
 After I purchased this , I felt like it was a waste of money . A blanket would have done just as well . I had a number of problems.First
 Pros
 Was still too wide for my stepside . It dryrotted apart the next month , and I ripped him out .
 I installed the back-up alarm in my truck , it worked for two days then it rainned , got wet and stooped working and i could n't get it to work again , it would probably work well indoors where there is no water to damage it .
 I am very disappointed with Amazon , my favorite online shopping center , as far as this alarm is concerned . I did not order this particular alarm , so I was rather shocked when I opened the box and saw the unit.Nevertheless , I decided to keep it and give it a try . After installation it worked well until it rained and water wet it . Thereafter , it would beep once , twice , three times , then produce an embarrassingly distorted sound , which indeed attracted curious onlookers , all for the wrong reasons.This alarm has 2 wires-red and black-emerging from its body -LRB- nothing like what I had seen on amazon and ordered -RRB- . The display on Amazon does not look like the one that was sent to me . I certainly would not recommend the unit that Amazon shipped to me in error-I suppose-that is , the one with the two wires.I am so ashamed of the sound from this device that I have removed it completely from my vehicle . I need a good quality , weather resistant and reliable reverse beeper to enter certain premises.So , here I am , once again on the market for a good reverse beeper.Hoping for a steady , consistent and pleasing tone from a new beeper.Best wishesHenry .
 I thought I was ordering the large size that would cover the entire cargo area of my Jeep . But you must read the FINE print that this is a single seat cover ! UGH ! I wish they would show a picture of EXACTLY what you are ordering and not a picture of something they do n't even carry ! Talk about false advertising ! I am so upset that I wasted my money on this item.Worst part about it is that if I do put it on the passenger seat and my dog sits on the cover it is so slick and slippery he slips right off and into my dashboard ! And if I apply the breaks while driving he get slammed into the dashboard.This product is actually DANGEROUS to your pet .
 After I purchased this , I felt like it was a waste of money . A blanket would have done just as well . I had a number of problems.First
 Pros
 What 's the cost of a part when it does n't fit ? You 've spent your time tearing the car apart and are now installing the part only to find out the part does n't fit . The mounting holes on the window motor do not line up . Not even close !! Save your time , Do n't buy this chinese crap . Instead take a trip down to your local napa store and get a part that will fit ! The only good thing I have to say is that Amazon has a great return policy !
 Well worth the money , especially if you 're into spending a couple of enraged hours cursing and throwing tools across the garage because the holes for the motor bear no resemblance to the original holes in your Jeep and have to be drilled blindly . A lot of people would want to pay extra for that .
 I had to order this part 3 times before finally getting one that worked . Amazon did a great job with making this easy for me to return the defective parts and to receive the replacement . The first one I had ordered worked for about 3 days before it started to emit a loud grinding sound and was n't able to move the window up or down . The second one I received was very underpowered right from the beginning and the motor got very hot . I was reluctant to try a third time with this part but did so anyway . Its been about a month and it seems to be working fine.Another note worth mentioning , the mounting holes did not match up with the existing holes in the door . Not a hard thing to correct , but be prepared to use a drill .
 This cover just does not stay put and therefore defeats the entire purpose of protecting your seats from mud and paw scratches from your pet . It has very slick underside and constantly needs readjustment on my leather sits as it glides whichever way my dog moves . Because of that it also makes my dog unstable while in a car as on every turn it shifts in a direction car takes it and so shifts the dog with it , forcing him to lose his balance . It may perform better in compact cars with fabric seats but I would not recommend to buy this cover if you have large seats and especially if you have leather seats .
 Based on the description I thought I was purchasing an item that would fit well in my car . However it was my mistake for buying it without an image.It does n't fit well in my car and did not come with instructions .
 This double sided foam tape is described as `` Super Tape '' . There is absolutely nothing super about it . After having carefully prepared the surfaces to be taped -LRB- by cleaning with alcohol thoroughly -RRB- and making sure there was no residual film , the two surfaces -LRB- ceramic and plastic -RRB- were pushed together and held together for at least two hours with a clamp . This tape released the surfaces within two days . The old tape it was replacing lasted several years -LRB- a Scotch product -RRB- . This tape was purchased because of the size
 I have used a similar product for years but was extremely disappointed with this one . The sticking capability is nothing like the one I had in the past . Unfortunately , the company I bought it from in the past is no longer around . Would not recommend this .
 This cover just does not stay put and therefore defeats the entire purpose of protecting your seats from mud and paw scratches from your pet . It has very slick underside and constantly needs readjustment on my leather sits as it glides whichever way my dog moves . Because of that it also makes my dog unstable while in a car as on every turn it shifts in a direction car takes it and so shifts the dog with it , forcing him to lose his balance . It may perform better in compact cars with fabric seats but I would not recommend to buy this cover if you have large seats and especially if you have leather seats .
 Based on the description I thought I was purchasing an item that would fit well in my car . However it was my mistake for buying it without an image.It does n't fit well in my car and did not come with instructions .
 This cover just does not stay put and therefore defeats the entire purpose of protecting your seats from mud and paw scratches from your pet . It has very slick underside and constantly needs readjustment on my leather sits as it glides whichever way my dog moves . Because of that it also makes my dog unstable while in a car as on every turn it shifts in a direction car takes it and so shifts the dog with it , forcing him to lose his balance . It may perform better in compact cars with fabric seats but I would not recommend to buy this cover if you have large seats and especially if you have leather seats .
 Based on the description I thought I was purchasing an item that would fit well in my car . However it was my mistake for buying it without an image.It does n't fit well in my car and did not come with instructions .
 and the merchant never responded to my queries so I had to file a claim with amazon.com to get a refund . Boo !
 Looked like a good product , but 10 months later it 's junk . Has a lifetime warrantee , but Amazon doe not warrantee it , so I guess I have to try to get Dorman to make good on it .
 I purchased the Dorman regulator and motor in September and it was fairly easy to install . It worked well for a couple of months but broke down in December . I contacted Amazon but they told me that they only warranted the part for one month and that I would have to contact Dorman directly . I have written Dorman a dozen emails now as they do not have a phone number and they have not gotten back to me for a week now . Needless to say I 'm tired of driving with plastic on my window . I would n't recommend buying this part from Dorman or any other part from Dorman if this is the way they respond .
 This was a perfect fit for my Silverado , but the window moves noticeably slower than the stock motor I have in the other door . This regulator also makes significantly more noise than the stock one.Slow & Noisy , that 's what you 'll get ... stay with the GM parts !
 The wrong part was sent to me . This was the second shipment . The first shipment , the box came empty , on the second one the wrong side was sent . I had to spend an additional $ 60 to buy the part from a local dealer .
 Easy to install , but product was defective right out of the box . Worked only intermittently . Had to buy another locally . -LRB- much more expensive -RRB- and it worked perfectly .
 This cover just does not stay put and therefore defeats the entire purpose of protecting your seats from mud and paw scratches from your pet . It has very slick underside and constantly needs readjustment on my leather sits as it glides whichever way my dog moves . Because of that it also makes my dog unstable while in a car as on every turn it shifts in a direction car takes it and so shifts the dog with it , forcing him to lose his balance . It may perform better in compact cars with fabric seats but I would not recommend to buy this cover if you have large seats and especially if you have leather seats .
 Based on the description I thought I was purchasing an item that would fit well in my car . However it was my mistake for buying it without an image.It does n't fit well in my car and did not come with instructions .
 My car sits more than it is driven and I live in Texas . The plastic wheels in the device melt and break on a regular basis . I am on my 4th set and I have not had working windows in over 1 year . Unfortunately I have not found a working alternative to this Dorman model that wo n't melt and break .
 Well I saved a bunch of money upfront by buying the Dorman replacement - installed it on Sept 14th 2011 and it died on June 26th 2012 ... Seems like it should 've lasted longer than that . I mean if it 's only going to last 9 months it 's probably worth buying the -LRB- overpriced but what 're ya gon na do ? -RRB- GM brand option ... I will say , it worked great right up until it did n't and Amazon got the motor to me overnight and I made it through the winter with a working window !
 I bought this because I am a semi-pro mechanic and always insist on the quality of fel-pro gaskets.This set is all fel-pro except the head gasket , that is some euro brand . This set has the same part # as the local parts store but not the same gaskets . DO NOT BUY IT HERE unless you do n't care about the off brand head gasket.FYI , You MUST replace the head bolts on these BMW 's and you need special alignment tools for the vanos cam timing .
 I bought this filter thinking it was the metal one but it is not it is the same plastic one i could have bought for $ 6 . Disappointed in Amazon for product misinformation.I 'll keep it cause I can still use it but I wont be purchasing filters from Amazon anymore : -LRB-
 I bought a Dorman window regulator for my car . It did n't work within days after I paid to have it installed . According to my mechanic , Dorman is supposed to make good regulators but they should last more than a couple of days.Now I have to pay to have it taken out and will end up going with a dealer part . Very unhappy about this .
 I was hoping for more of a sturdy -LRB- washable -RRB- plastic/rubber dome or mask type . I was slightly shocked when I opened it for the first time to see a piece of plastic and mouthpiece . The gloves are not the highest quality , but I can buy a pair of nitrile gloves from the drug store.I 'm still glad that I bought it ; a cheap barrier * shield * is better than none at all !
 This is a nice product but on mine , the seams came apart within a couple of months . Bad enough that the shield and gloves fall out . Perhaps a bad lot ? Dunno .
 I taught a CPR class to a large group of people in a private company . I was n't happy that the items had an advertisment phone number on them . If I had known , I would n't have received them . It was a cheap marketing technique .
 The key word in a `` clay kit '' is kit . There is a cleaner , some polish and a buff cloth , but almost NO clay . However , the product does work well .
 The clay bar is just so small ! Maybe just large enough to prep 1:15 scale model .
 I used it once on my Mercedes and a few weeks later my clear was ruined and bubbling . Every time it rains it gets worse . Horrible product .
 The tag holder I got did not stick to my window . Two of the suction cups were good but one was defective . It would stay on the window for awhile and then fall off . For some time I stuck it on the window only before a toll . Then I threw it away . I wish I 'd asked for a replacement right after I bought it .
 Suction cups too small . I just wo n't stick to windshield . That is , after all , the only thing they are supposed to do .
 Other than the fact that the holder does NOT fit the E-ZPass , the holder is good . There is NO WAY my E-ZPass would fit into this holder . I guess I wo n't send it back as it is n't worth the bother but I do n't want anyone else ordering this so call holder when the E-ZPass wo n't fit . I do n't know what the holder is made for but certainly not for an E-ZPass . Just another rip off . But other than the fact that the E-ZPass wo n't fit I ca n't complain about the product . Looks nice . I 'm just glad I did n't pay any more for this non-functional product than I did .
 I bought this for my girlfriends new fastrak device because she did n't want her new car window to be sticky . It turns out that this clip does not fit the new fastrak device . They should 've describe that on the details or something . Just letting others know if you have the NEW fastrak device , THIS WILL NOT FIT !!!
 I purchased this a few months back , and was pretty happy when it came in . I really did n't want to stick Velcro on my windshield , ya know ? It worked great , until it did n't ... After about 3 months , the suction cups were shot . They were so flattened , I threw the thing out . It just kept falling off because of the wonderful roads here in PA , so I would have to re-stick it up.I 'm buying the Velcro , and that will be that .
 First hot day the item suction cups do not stay on the windshield . Completely useless . They want 20 words so I will just say do n't waist your money on this item .
 This item is good but it falls down a lot and has left marks on my dashboard .
 Started out well , worked exceptional until one day I was going around a right hand corner only have the tag come shooting at me . This was only a few weeks after purchase . I put it back in the holder but it became a regular thing in falling out on right hand corners . This tag never had to leave the holder so it would have have gotten weak from useage . I had use some two sided tape to he it in the now .
 For some reason this product does not seem to work with my 2009 Mazda 6 . Something about the windshield and the this case that does not allow the ezpass to work properly . I tried placing it in a variety of positions on my windshield and it still does not work . I am not sure why that is the case , but beware before making the purchase .
 One of the suction cups did not stick to the window since day 1 . Eventually , the holder just fell off the windshield . Not worth the price .
 Seemed to have very well for 8 months and suddenly the clutch fan burned and caused the compressor to lock up . So I am in process of replacing it with a new one . Could have been simply a bad unit . I thought of returning it to the seller but they stated that I would get parital payment for returning it , then I had to pay shipping for returning it and shipping for them sending me a replacements so the costs calculated to be about 60 % of the cost . I threw in the towel and bought one locally .
 When you have a problem expect to get ignored by customer service . Ive had this for 10 years and I have to say as a engineer this is a terrable mechanical design . Eventualy it will leak and ruin your celing in your RV . Mechanical parts are plastic . Once a small O ring fails you get a celing leak . All they had to do is make a rubber boot around the roof unit to prevent water damage.A proper designed unit is the `` Jack '' made by King industries . Im tossing this and putting up a `` Jack '' .
 Ordered spark plugs for a 96 Dodge Neon . The wires I got were not for a 96 neon . Did n't try to return them because I was moving and the car was staying .
 It worked for a couple of months . Then LED 's starting going out and not is does not work at all . Water got into the light housing and the clear plastic over the LED 's is yellowed . I bought this in February and it stopped working in May . It looked great-when it worked . What a joke .
 Followed instructions to a `` T '' . Plugged all units together and plugged complete unit into my trailer plug outlet . Checked all functions . Running lights , brake lights , turn signals . All was fine so I fabricated a custom mount for the back of my motorhome . I painted the black mount white so it would match my MH . After I spent a morning getting everything mounted and looking nice , I plugged it in and retested the unit . That 's when my troubles started . Running lights were fine . Brake lights were fine . Left turn signal only flashed in the 10 '' center section and nothing on the left section . Right turn signal flashed in the center section and the right section was extremely dim.I tried to save a couple bucks and bought this unit but am extremely sorry I did .
 Easy to instal.Looked great for the first couple of months.Some LED 's started to failRemoved from vehicle.Money down the drain as far as I 'm concerned
 I had previously ordered the same product which did not work , could be something still wrong with the car causing the problem . I ate the cost and decided to order another part . my thought was it could be my car , it could be their part . went ahead and ordered another part . when the part arrived , it was in an extremely extended state and would not correct . upon further investigation I found the problem with the item . It had broken in transport . this is an understandable situation as it was shipped in only a padded envelope . when I contacted the seller , -LRB- this is where the real problem began -RRB- I was asked by the seller , in a nice way , &#34; to please take a picture of the part and send it back to them before they would refund for the part &#34; . Amazon replied with go ahead and return the part for a refund , I was issued , almost immediately a return label . If amazon had not intervened , I would have lost all faith in them . Amazon did the right thing in my opinion , but I will not be ordering another part from this company . -LRB- I was also expected to pay for the return shipping -RRB- . poor service !!
 This hour meter was chosen for it 's low price ... after install , the meter clicked and ran fine , for a whopping three tenths of an hour . would not recomend this meter needless to say.I called the supplier and was toldthat the failure rate used to be 40 % but was now at 1.5 % . My reply was it must be my lucky day.It 's now been three weeks and a promised replacement is a no show
 Before doing this stupid act , please look for real information on Jane Fonda . Her book `` My Life So Far '' is a great start if you are interested in understanding what is going on .
 If you spend 150 bucks on something it should be really decent , however I received this within a poorly packed box and missing the black part of the product , all I got is the metal thing which is less likely to be wrong on my own car , the black connector and controller is the thing I really want .
 BBought it for a 87 Toyota supra . the inlet size wad not right ... adapter later , its on . Sounds good a small rumble when you gun it.it had a fart Canon on it beforehand
 We received the wrong repair kit & it did n't work . The item number on the product was not the item number we ordered . I never returned the item because shipping cost more than the item . It was n't worth it .
 The timing belt was the wrong one for my vehicle , the rest of the components worked . However I was unable to return it because once the seal on package is broken ca n't return .
 I bought it coz it was cheaper than the rest and the following are the faults :1 . The unit came faulty in that the two way communication wo n't work . It will only communicate one way .2 . Called crimestopper tech support and an arrogant personal picked up . Both he and I agreed the problem is either with the remote or the antenna , but he wants me to disconnect everything and send him the entire unit . Why go through all the work in disconnection and re-connection when the problem is only with the remote or the antenna?Anyway decided to do that , so he transferred me to some other idiot to get the RA # and guess what . . he refused to do that . It seams I can only return it to the website I purchased it from . . They will not HONOR WARRANTEE IF I DID NOT PURCHASE IT FROM THEIR WEBSITE DIRECTLY :-D ... 3 . Asked if I could just buy another antenna or remote to save me the hassle of disconnecting everything ... and it seams they do n't sell anything to consumers !!! I have to send them the whole unit and they are going to charge me for fixing a week old defective unit ! 4 . I purchased an antenna from another online website . Adding the cost together , I might as well gone for a reputable unit like Viper , Compustar or Autopage etc. . . I made a `` penny wise pound foolish decision '' going with crimestopper .5 . The range mentioned by them is nowhere close to what you get . My friend also bought a car with a crimestopper and its the same case with his too .6 . In my experience with autopage , bulldog , compustar , the crimestopper has the least customizable options . They advertize 30 customization possible , but none are really worth it . For instance , the remote has 4 buttons and a short press on any will do something to the vehicle like unlock the doors , open the trunk or start the vehicle . ALL other units have options to customize their remote like press two buttons together for any function so that you will not accidently press it . I can not put the remote in my pocket because the buttons get pressed easily .7 . Crimestopper sells the wiring diagram for your car for $ 3.50 . IT IS THE EXACT SAME ONE YOU CAN GET FOR FREE FROM THE BULLDOG WEBSITE . Is n't that enough to tell you what a ripoff company crimestopper really is ? 8 . The installation manual is as concise as it can be . I had to use it in conjuction with the bulldog installation manual to clarify things .9 . When I remote start the car with it armed -LRB- security active -RRB- , the car shuts itself off after a few seconds . The vibration sensor shuts the vehicle to prevent theft !!!!!! The vibration of the car after it has started is shutting the vehicle off !!! I now have to unarm -LRB- unlock my doors -RRB- first and then perform a remote start . How stupid is that ? Again goes out to show the quality of crimestopper products.Overall , I just wish I had paid a little more and went with a respectable brand instead of crimestopper and dealing with their arrogant hopeless technical support staff , who are there just because they are not qualified to get any other job and do unleashes their frustration by troubling the stupid customers that purchased their product .
 I have a similar model I bought on e-bay shipped from Crime Stopper warehouse . They wont support it , they refer me to the retailer that sold it to me and or installed it.My biggest gripe is the 2 way pager works one way most of the time and sometimes out of the blue it will receive updates letting me know my doors are unlocked or locked . I bought for the very reason of having a paging remote in case of break-in , no garage and cant see my car from my apartment.When the pager is functioning right I will have a few days to a week before i get a low battery indicator . After changing th battery out the clock on the pager resets and it looses paging function again .
 We purchased the Crimestopper alarm and had it professionally installed in our Toyota Landcruiser . After less than a month we first used the remote start feature and it drained and destroyed our car 's 5-month-old battery . The same place that installed the alarm replaced the battery and once the new battery was in they saw the alarm was faulty . They disconnected the alarm to prevent further damage . We bought the alarm on a recommendation from a friend but will never purchase a Crimestopper alarm again . It cost us over $ 500 including the alarm , installation , towing the car and the new battery , not to mention the time and hassle .
 If u want exhaust quieter than your factory then walker sound fx is a good choice . I wanted a little rumble and there is absolutely none . I would never buy again .
 They advertise camco but the ones i got were cheap offbrand plastic junk . The plastic ones are what im trying to replace . Beware and make sure your getting the right ones .
 These wipers work great once installed . The installation instructions are terrible and very confusing . I accidentally installed one upside down -LRB- it was n't obvious which end was up -RRB- , and once put in place was nearly impossible to remove . I 'm guessing these will have to be the last wiper blades I ever buy for my truck , because I do n't see that they will ever come off now that they are installed .
 I needed new wiper blades for my 2006 Audi A6 . After a quick search on Amazon , Amazon offered to help me &#34; Make Sure It Fits ! &#34; I used the Amazon tool to identify the proper blades . Well , I did , and I bought the blades that were recommended , and they do n't fit . Now , Amazon says I have to &#34; pay for return shipping . &#34; I am not going to do that on pure principle alone . Lesson learned ... I was trying to save a few bucks buy buying wiper blades online instead of supporting my local auto mechanic . Now as a result , I am out $ 33.34 for wiper blades that do n't fit my car , I wound up buying the right blades from that local merchant I was trying to avoid . Oh , and those blades that do n't fit my car ... I think I might gift them to that local auto mechanic so he can sell them to someone who can use them -LRB- they look like nice blades -RRB- . In the end , score one point for the auto mechanic . Hopefully a little good Karma for me !
 The kit did n't fit my old 1973 Mercruiser 165 drive . Parts seemed to be good and from Sierra and would fit later models , just not mine . Was easy to return to Amazon and I ordered from SEI .
 When I received this product from amazon one day early I was pleased . When I opened the package the box the parts came in was in rough condition , with a big sticker that stated `` kit is not returnable if plastic sleeve is opened '' . I opened the box there was no plastic sleeve and every part was opened . I realize I attempting to get my auto parts at a discount but this is ridiculous .
 OK , So I used the system to pick the part I needed and verified it was the same part number the manufacturer -LRB- gates -RRB- said it needed to be for my car . Ordered and received it and tore my motor down for installation . Upon removal of the other belt I opened the package and compared the two only to find that the new belt provided was about three inches to long . Though , the idler and tensioner where the correct parts . I was forced to buy a belt from a local parts store and they sold me the same part number that was supposed to be in this kit and it was the correct belt ... Go figure . I could not send the belt back as the package was opened . Which is ridiculous , how can you verify the part without removing it from the package ? -RRB- Needless to say I wo n't be buying parts from Amazon anymore .
 When we received this product we were dismayed to find that it was n't what it was supposed to be . We got two drivers side motors . Needless to say , we were not pleased .
 These wipers are real junk ! I got them because of a mail-in rebate buy 1 get 1 free but even that way they do n't cost their money at all . Very inconsistant , do n't do the job at all even as a brand new . They leave the winshield blured and you 'll be in trouble in a rainy days . I will never buy from this brand again and my advise to you is to do the same ...
 Do n't buy this belt for a villager , the engine is a non-interference engine , this will not fit
 I FOUND THE KIT TO BE JUNK , THE PARTS WOULD NOT STAY ON EVEN AFTER ALL THE INSTRUCTUONS WERE FOLLOWED , LOW QUALITY MATERIAL .
 Bought a cell phone battery from this company and it was defective and died ONE WEEK after their return/replacement deadline . Should n't a cell phone battery last longer than a month ?? They refuse to refund or replace . They are a shady company and I 'll never do business with them again and will warn others to do the same .
 The seat covers are nothing like the picture . they are baggy in all dimensions and can not be tightened . even the headrest covers have an extra 1/2 '' play . They are about as attractive as a Russian suit .
 I ordered this product twice from your vendors and both did not send the fairlead roller . I was held up on my project by three weeks because of the delay . I hope you have not charged me for a product that I did not receive . If you are asking me how I liked a product your vendors did not ship it leads me to think that your system is haywire and I will think twice about ordering from your service .
 You would think this would be a universal thing , but no such luck . It 's too small to fit in my Saab , so it cant grip the sides and falls out .
 This review has two ratings . First , Coverking products do fit well and feel wonderful . Readjusted them once already , may have to continue that . They do n't seem to stay put very well . Maybe a piece of that non-slip stuff used under rugs will work . Now the second part , less complimentary . Their web site does say that '' ... include everything that is needed -- ... console covers ... '' . That is where this company is advertising falsely and incorrectly . I ordered these because my leather front console is peeling . It was not included in the order and , as dealt with by the wonderful people at Autobarn -LRB- ***** 5 star rating for their efforts -RRB- , I have been informed that the console covers are ONLY for consoles that fold up into a seat . This is not so stated on the Coverking website . I may return these as I am dissatisfied at the remaining `` bad '' leather in my car , although the seat looks much better now . Maybe I should have used an actual store .
 I was expecting more of a flexible plastic . But like most things in life ; you get what you pay for . These are thin , stiff , and make an ugly noise when they scrape , going over speed bumps . I would recommend , rallysport basic , for same price . Im sure their better .
 I came to this page and entered the information requested about my vehicle . It said this item would fit my vehicle . When it arrived , guess what ? It was the wrong belt . Do n't try to put this on your 2000 Chevy Tracker 2.0 engine . It is the wrong belt . When I tried to return it Amazon told me it was my fault and I must pay for shipping .
 If you order this and expect it to fit your Mustang you will be extremely pissed and if you order a box of 10 good luck getting all 10 pieces.I only received 7 . Do not order this product .
 i have 05 mtx and the aem does fit if you take care of 2 things1 . you need to have about 1/4 &#34; of washers/spacers since the support of the tubing mounts where the clutch cable support goes . it 's no problem if you have atx -LRB- no clutch -RRB- . but if you have mtx you 'd end up with a 1/4 &#34; gap and the support may potentially come loose if you do n't add some spacers there2 . the intake tube is about 0.2 &#34; smaller than the stock intake hose where the two connect . I had to wrap some duck tape around the metal tube in order to fit the two togetherI used the intake for about a day and returned it for a refund because I feel no power gain from my stock airbox with airbox mod/resonator delete . also I do n't feel safe wit the ducktape running around the metal tube .
 send me the wrong brake pad . I need 2000 honda accored ex 2.3 liter engine . one I got is for the 6 cylinder engine .
 This item suction cups failed to hold holder to the windshield . My opinion is there is a better alternative with the T-Clip . I purchased the T-Clip after this reviewed item broke when it fell ; the plastic broke . This type of holder is not worth the money .
 This item does not work very well . It is too big for a standard toll pass device and would constantly fall off the windshield . I finally just call the state toll authority and they sent me new velcro tabs and I have not had an issue since .
 I 've recently purchased a new Dodge Ram 1500 and selected these bed rail caps to go on it . When I test fitted them to the truck , the stake holes were huge , nearly twice the size ! How hard is to have stake holes line up directly over the pocket ? I guess they decided to make the holes so large instead of trying to be precise?I was so disappointed in the quality that I sent them back for a refund , Amazon has a GREAT return policy !
 can not rate an item you are unwilling to ship to alaska and gives no explanation why not , bad BUSINESS is all I can say . If you wont ship to alaska and not say why , bad reviews is what you get .
 I thought I bought exactly what it said , turns out theres different types out there younreally have to get specific when it comes to ignition and electronic anything .
 Cheap quality . After installing , a lot of weird noise is heard from the suspension when pushing the brake or during acceleration .
 Since my 2007 Toyota Yaris base version did n't come with a tach , I decided to install an aftermarket one . So after doing some research I decided to go with this Sunpro because it was the size that I wanted -LRB- I like small gauges -RRB- and it was cheap , so it seemed like I could n't do anything wrong . Well , it seems that you do get what you pay for ... So I drilled a big hole in the glove compartment above the steering wheel -LRB- which is a cool Yaris feature -RRB- and installed the tach according to the specs . Tried it out right after install and was happy , everything worked as planned . The next day I noticed that the needle wo n't come back down to zero if you turn off the key too quickly , it will simply freeze to whatever value it was when the power was cut off . So even when my car was off , the tach was stuck at , say , 500 rpm . In order for it to reset to zero you would have to slowly turn the key and pause in the ACC position , so the needle has time to come all the way down . That was the first disappointment . But after all , not the biggest problem.The reason I do n't like this tach is because after a few days , it stopped working correctly . I start the engine and the needle goes to 1,000 rpm no matter what the actual engine speed is . And it just stays there for a while , anything from 10 to 20 minutes and after that , it starts working normally . Since my commute takes about 25 minutes , that means I can enjoy this feature for only about 5 minutes each way . Some days it seems to start working earlier , but I have n't figured out why . I live in California , so humidity can not really be a problem.I will probably try a replacement and if that still has the same problem I will look for a different brand .
 the face is smaller than described I want to return it for a bigger one but keep getting rejected by your mail no tele # to talk to someone about the problem
 While the Tachometer works great , the mounting bracket provided makes it totally unacceptable . If you plan on mounting it on your steering wheel column , I would pass on this model and maybe all Sunpro tachs if they use the same bracket . If you look closely at the picture you will see an upturned wing on each side of the curved bracket -LRB- and mine appear taller than those in the picture -RRB- . This is where the clamp rides over the bracket . The upturned sides force the hose clamp to ride up and over the entire curved surface . What should be a nice smooth interface between the hose clamp and the bracket turns into only two points of contact . Instead of nice continuous contact , there is a huge gap between the clamp and the bracket . See the customer image I added on the product page.I contacted Sunpro and they could not explain why the sides were upturned , or what purpose they served . The strange thing is , the included instructions show a drawing of the bracket without the upturned sides .
 i chose this tach mainly for it 's size and the fine history of Sunpro . I needed a small tach because I planned on installing it on the steering column of my 1970 Mach 1 Mustang and I needed it small enough not to occlude the vison of the speedo and dash gauges . It installed nicely but the tach does not read out accurately and it hangs intermittantly at 4000 rpm sometimes and then falls back when the moter is shut off . I really do n't know what the rpm of the engine is as it seem to read about 200-300 rpm lower than the actual rpm .
 Referring to other use 's reviews before choosing this item and hope it is useful in removing the wiper arms on my car . Unfortunately , it is not useful at all and the materials it built is not that strong even I find the front part starts bending when exerting force on the handle . Luckily it 's not that expensive .
 This was a waste of money . The metal part that grips the wiper arm bent with very little pressure . Fortunately , the tool was cheap so I 'm not out too much money . Not worth returning . Just tossed it in the trash along with my old wiper arms .
 The locking fuel door is both attractive and functional . It really dresses up my truck and keeps casual fuel thieves at bay . With the price of fuel skyrocketing , it 's a must have item.I 've had the fuel door on my truck for a few months now and it has corroded badly . The chrome surface is covered with pits . I wo n't be purchasing anymore item from this supplier .
 was a pain to put on , then at the end of winter the cheap screws started to rust . now it looks horrible so i 'm goning to put the original back on .
 there was a piece missing from the parts that should be `` included '' in the set.It was the padding part you put inside , so now , even with professional installing , half of the chrome fuel door is bulged out.There is no latch on the inside for the fuel cover to attach to the fuel cap.VERY tough installation , you need like 10 tools for it.Wish I never bought this item .
 Did not work at all . Tried to install several different ways . Finally tried a simplier way found on the web ... and finally resolved my humming sound .
 There was little change after installing the noise isolator other than the volume was reduced and the sound was thinned out . I ended up removing the device , grounding the chasis of my head unit , and rerouting the wires and removed most of the noise . Not worth the $
 I received the product and the left channel was dead . Returned to Amazon for a different model
 Tried these out because I had some alternator whine . Unfortunately these did not work at all , in fact they only killed my sound quality even more and the whine was still there in full force . They have been removed , working on another solution to my problem .
 I bought these because some people gave them good reviews , but in my case they did n't work at all . BEFORE you buy them try this , ground your head unit to the same place your amp is grounded to . On my setup it completely got rid of my alternator wine . -LRB- My amp is pushing all of my car speakers . -RRB-
 bought this for an s2000 . The first set we installed completely messed with the deck . We are more hopeful that the second pair will resolve the problem
 I installed one of these in my car between my ipod and the amp and one channel intermittently cut out . Had to take apart the whole install again and found that it was a loose solder joint on the white RCA cable input to this filter . I broke open the box and fixed the poor solder job and reassembled . The sound quality is good , in my opinion , unlike some other reviews here .
 I have no clue why but after I installed this the bass is no longer active in my speakers . The buzzing sound was cut in half to where you can almost not hear it but no there is no bass . I bought 2 of these , one for each channel but only installed one or my music would sound like crap . Wish these would of worked for me but at least they were cheap enough that I 'm not worried about the loss . There is only one way to install them so it 's not like I 'm doing anything wrong . O well back to the drawing board !!
 Please do not buy this product . When I installed it , it took all the bass out of the speakers and the music sounded terrible .
 I picked up the PAC SNI-1 to solve an alternator whine problem , same as the first reviewer . However , this product did not work as advertised for me at all . It failed absolutely miserably . So , maybe you 'll have better luck than me -LRB- like the first person here -RRB- , but be forewarned ... I wish I 'd been .
 i install the remote and i found that the jackplug for the blue wire . the horn wire was very week it broke and the white code buttonis week it push in when i tried to program itand i had to take it apart to fix it.but it seems to be working good
 Two inches too short to be the correct belt for an 1989 Ford Taurus with air conditioning and 3.0 automatic . If that 's what you have do n't order this one .
 I was disappointed in that the picture and information regarding the product seemed to indicate it was a bed cover for the full back portion -LRB- seats removed -RRB- of the vehicle . It only covers from the back seat on . Quality is good but information deceptive .
 Bought this but was very disappointed in the quality of the bed liner . It felt like cheap plastic . If it was half the price listed here I would have considered keeping it , but for the price it is definitely not worth it . Returned it .
 The picture of this key chain shows a retractable metal chain not wire , however I have received a standard retractable wire key chain . Also it 's only half chromed and half black plastic . Disappointing quality .
 After taking valuable time to research and find the right heavy duty keychain , needed for work , I was surprisingly shocked when the product I received was NOT the item pictured . The item pictured was an all metal retractable keychain with a metal link cable . What I received was a half metal , half plastic housing retractable keychain with a very thin plastic wrapped metal cord . Over all this item seems very flimsy and not the heavy duty retractable keychain that I expected to receive based on the picture . I am very bummed and would not recommend this vendor to anyone who is thinking of purchasing something from them .
 Keychain works great but is only 18 '' not the 24 '' in the product description . Very disappointing .
 Sorry , not so good , I was so impressed with the way it lookedbut about 9 hours into wearing it it came apart on me and I could notget it back together , will probable just throw it awayl , Oh well , one itemout of about 50 ai n't too bad.You all have a good daySincerely , Phil Haddock PaulsValley Oklahoma
 Cheap product , wo n't last a week unless you use it for one to two keys maximum . I will never buy this item ever again .
 The picture shows a ` chain . ' I actually received one with a ` cord . ' Not the same . Not as durable . Not acceptable .
 Replaced one that was going out . Worked great for a few weeks - then it left me stranded a couple of times when the truck would not start . Go with a different product
 I bought several of these separator key chains to split up my car key from house keys , add my flashdrive , etc. . Well , after one week of use , one of the middle pieces fell off of one . The worst news was when , on another keychain , my flashdrive had fallen off before getting into the car . When I realized it and arrived back home , I noticed that it had been run over several times . Fortunately , it was titanium and was still in functional condition -LRB- though not cosmetically -RRB- . I 'd pay the premium for a better-made brand .
 the site says this should work on my 2010 porsche but when i compared it to the oem filter its so small and does not look right . for future buyers be cautious when buying this product . its not the right one .
 Not shipped as shown on photo . No brackets to keep it in place . They want to sell you a floor mat that will roll up under your feet , blocking the pedals and cause you to wreck and die . This company sucks really bad .
 When I tried to install a Truxedo bed cover unit , there are several issues with it . - Missing latch assembly - Mis-matching latch bolt and nut assemblies . - Tailgate end mounting head bolts touch or interfere with the in-bed trunk lid opening and closing . - There are about 1.5 '' gaps between cabin end side rails and the truck cabin wall . - Mounting bolts at cabin end side rails can not be tightened because end side rails started to bend inward as there are nothing stopping them except weather-seal foams . If side rails are extended to close 1.5 '' gaps , this problem will be fixed . - Mounting metric bolts appear to be cheap and do not match well with the truck 's OE bolt appearance and color.The leather cover appears to be well-made , solid and robust . No comments since I could n't install it because of missing latch assembly . I immediately returned it for full-refund . If Truxedo fixes side rail design and quality issues as noted above , I will reconsider buying a Truxedo cover .
 It worked for about a minute then it popped the fuse so I moved it to another outlet that was independently fused and it popped that fuse also even with no load it is going back today .
 Will have to return it as it makes a lot of noise and popping sounds like it is about to fail . Am afraid to use it .
 I bought this thing to charge electronics . It worked for less than 30min . The light comes on and the -LRB- loud -RRB- fan spins up , but no current comes out of the 110 plug . Nothing I plug into receives any current . I 've tried in several 12volt plugs , but it 's definitely dead .
 Why is this about three times the price ? I can get it at the local store for $ 8:99 ! Works great if you do n't overload it , it can run anything under 150 watts .
 I ca n't say about the durability because I ca n't get it to make anything work . I have tried using the suction machine with it ~ no power . It whirs and the little fan runs but what I needed it for did n't work . It might run a laptop or a video ~ I do n't know I have n't tried that cause that was n't what I bought it for . It is just layin in my back seat and I figure when I have my next yardsale it will be in it . But I 'll have to make sure they try it on what they want to power first ~ cause I sure ai n't giving them no guarantee .
 The cooling fan was making noise on initial use . After a few hours of use the cooling fan stopped working causing the unit to overheat . It could have been an isolated occurance . I sent it in for exchange . Otherwise it 's a nice design .
 I read a lot of the reviews before purchasing and thought that this looked like a pretty good deal . Worked great for the few times we traveled , but stopped working in November . I contacted Amazon and was told I would have to contact Xantrex for help since it was past their thirty day return policy . Fair enough . Started with my first contact with them on 11/11 . Took until the 26th to get an answer after two more emails . Said they needed serial # and proof of purchase to start an RMA . I even tried the inverter again and had to pull it as smoke began to pour out of it . I supplied the required material on three different occasions -LRB- as well as telling them about the smoke -RRB- and finally let them know I would be contacting Amazon about their poor response . Still nothing . I suspect that they 'll probably get around to answering around January 15th to tell me I 'm too late , as the warranty expires on the 14th . I will not be buying from this company again , and would definitely not encourage anybody else to buy their products .
 macbook pro laptop would n't charge in car . charging light on cord magnetic attachment glowed green , never turned amber to indicate charging . also inverter made buzzing noise . maybe I got a defective unit .
 A good price is just not good enough if it doesnt last . The transformer thinngy had broken loose from the circuit board for some reason . YOu can hear it rattle around . I dont suggest that you buy this product . This item is poorly put together . It failed after using it occasionally for 5 months . When I took it apart to look inside , it didnt look like it was made very well .
 This item is poorly constructed . It failed after using it occasionally for one year . Dissasembly of the failed inverter shows very poor construction techniques . The transformer had broken loose from the circuit board because the manufacturer depended upon very thin wires to hold this heavy component in place . RECOMMENDATION
 Like a lot of folks , you assume the best when a product is as highly rated as this one . My wife was thrilled to be able to surf the web while I drove on a recent road trip.She was on her 13 '' Macbook and plugged into the power outlet of a 2009 Audi Q5 . Everything worked great for maybe 5 minutes . Not sure what caused it to happen suddenly , but we notice she 's not getting power anymore and all of the power outlets in the car wo n't work . I can only assume it was drawing too much power.I 'd still love to be able to power our Macs in the car if anyone has a suggestion .
 ... but takes all day to charge . Ran desk top PC great.Runs lights too . Will not power up my -LRB- AC -RRB- coffee maker ! -LRB- Not that powerfull I guess ? -RRB- Fast Fed-Ex delivery !
 It looks real nice but barley screws into our 2004 Toyota Tundra SR5 `` Access Cab 's '' fuel tank . It only goes in a little but does lock.Amazon does not have the correct information about our truck in their system , we have a `` access cab '' which is not listed in Amazon but is the correct Toyota designation/name for our vehicle . This makes it very hard to order the correct sized parts for our truck ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I worked for about 10 minutes trying to get it to lock . Then it locked and would not unlock . The only way to get it out was to destroy it piece by piece . It got 1 star only because the system would not accept zero !
 After opening the package , I did smell something funny , like when wires or circuit burns . But that did not deter me from trying it . So I went to the car to try it.I press the red/pink button , it starts -LRB- you hear the fan , and status light turns green -RRB- , but as soon as I lift my finger off the button , it shuts down . After several trys without succcess , I opted to get refund/replacement . I tried to get a replacement , this site does not provide free returns for defective items . So I decided to return for a refund after I could not get through with any customer service.I think I was thrilled to see this product , and it seemed to work fine , started my camera battery charger , but not for too long when I lifted my finger of the switch.Updated Dec 1 , 2008
 i was not happy when I received this product . The picture on the website clearly shows 2 eyelets at the bottom of the floormat to be able to fit over the hook in the floor of my vehicle . -LRB- to keep it form sliding -RRB- When I received the floormat set they were obviously a cheaper knock off without the eyelets .
 For the price they are ok . They seem not to fit well and are too short but , if you want to get off cheap they work fine .
 This item originally was just the `` velourmat Red '' plus the long item number , it just recently changed to having a proper name including `` 968 '' in the title . However before this convenient name change , you would have no idea which car the product fit , except for what Amazon said . It told me this product was a `` fit '' for my 1983 Porsche 944 NA . Not true .
 For my first order on Amazon , I ordered two of these items . They do not look anything like the picture in the description . I was hoping to have some really good looking covers , but in fact I received something I would n't even put on my lawn tractor . The packaging had the right part numbers , but still these items are misrepresented by the images . Very disappointed . If I did n't have to pay for return shipping I would return them .
 Photo is NOT of the product you will receive . The photo shows a bra with VW on the hood cover , I did NOT receive this bra , Lebra does NOT manufacture this bra . I have complained about this to the seller , seller blamed Amazon and said they would notify Amazon , however this photo is still be used . If you want the VW bra shown , do NOT buy it here , you will not receive a VW bra .
 In the photograph lebra show 's a VW emblem stitched in white . It is not . Plastic retainer 's keep stretching open . And even after being in the sun for two week 's wrinkle 's will not come out.If I would have saved packaging I would have sent it back.Being a Lebra I had the utmost confidence it whould be just what I wanted . I had a VW bra from Volkswagon for several year 's but weathering had taken it 's toll.This new Lebra doe 's not look as good and will not last because of the plastic holders . Should have purchased one from VW again.Since Lebra has been around for so many year 's I did not even doubt there would be any fit problem 's or appearence problem 's . Also in photo Lebra show 's hood cover portion higher up on hood just like my old one ' it only cover 's hood at a v angle.The photo Lebra has look 's identical to the one I had on the car before.It is not , and I am very dissapointed . The bra in the photograph is not what I recieved.BUMMER .
 I wanted the bra w the VW logo as shown on the photo . I understand I will not get the photo version . : -LRB-
 For the price they are ok . They seem not to fit well and are too short but , if you want to get off cheap they work fine .
 Bought this product for our scheduled camping trip in August . The unit arrived with a defect . First , The display button that is suppose to give you the number of watts drawn by your load -LRB- through the inverter -RRB- is not functioning , it displays zero all the time . Second , according to the manual if you press the display button the second time , it should give you the remaining battery life in percent . But even this , is not functioning too . Third , When you turn on the main switch with the load already plugged in , the cooling fan -LRB- pressumably for the compressor -RRB- most the time will kick-in thus eating up extra juice from your battery . So I then called amazon and they were so quick to send me a replacement but it is unfortunate that no luck for me because the second unit that they sent me , is as bad as the first one so I am going to send it back to them .
 This arrived missing the cap for the light . It does n't seem to last very long at all before it loses power - it is simply powering a motion-activated remote camera , and will not go two days . The button that is supposed to cause battery strength to be displayed when pressed - does n't work most of the time . I would never buy this again .
 We purchased this product to provide power for our lights at a small event booth . We were using basic construction lamps with energy saving bulbs . It worked great at the first event and then at our second , and most important event , it crapped out . It would work for a few seconds and then stop providing power and made an odd hissing sound . I would not recommend this as an alternative power source for appliances or lights . I 'm looking into -LRB- UPS -RRB- / power supply for computers . -LSB- ... -RSB- Le Tutor Language School
 It takes about 2-3 minutes to inflate a 44psi max 15 '' low profile tire on a '91 Acura legend.While inflating the fourth tire , the compressor failed.Total run time was under 10minutes and I let the unit rest 2-4 minutes between tire inflations.I have not tried the other functions .
 Air compressor failed prematurely shortly after warranty period -LRB- only used in 3 or 4 times to inflate tires . -RRB- Product only has a six month warranty , hardly time to really put any stress on the product . Also , AC output -LRB- converted from DC battery -RRB- is OK for lights but the power is `` dirty '' and causes terrible static in a boom box . It did jump start a car , however . Once . Not worth the money with this level of reliability and quality .
 A plastic gear in the compressor was stripped after just one year of use -LRB- the compressor was used maybe 5 times -RRB- . Xantrex would not service the unit -LRB- at any cost -RRB- , sell a replacement gear , or provide any discount on a replacement unit.Don ' t buy this .
 The first one I got had the AC converter break beyond repair so I got another the second one came with a radio but soon after recieving he second one the recharging light and the indictor lights stoped working , so now I have no idea if it is charging or how much the battery is depleted.This product is not reliable I would not recommend it .
 This battery pack was given to me as a gift specifically so that I had something capable of filling a motorhome 's tires while on the road . When I tried to fill the tires , however , the unit overheated and started to smoke . It never was able to put the pressure over 95 lbs and my tires needed 105 lbs . I contacted Xantrex and they were good about sending me a replacement . However , the replacement did the same thing ! Totally unable to fill to the proper pressure and started to heat and smoke as time went on . They worked fine for normal car tires , though it was a slow process . Now , even normal tires , the unit starts to smoke and overheat . My efforts to try to start the engine of a car with a low battery has never worked either ! It just does n't have the juice to do it and I 've had to jump start it with normal jumper cables . All above testing has been done with the Xantrex battery at 100 % charge -LRB- as shown on the digital display -RRB- . On the replacement battery , however , the digital display stopped working . I finally just had to write this review so that others can be aware of this experience .
 I bought this unit in order to have emergency power for my C-PAP breathing machine . Upon examination the 110 volt power receptacles did not work . The compressor , 12 volt power , light , and jumper cables worked just fine.During a recent summer storm we lost power and I could not sleep . VERY annoying . Very disappointing .
 The charging indicator light did not illuminate when plugged in . One unit worked properly for one hour , the other unit not at all . Did not want to trust this system as an emergency backup for medical equipment .
 After charging the unit for 24 hours , I could not get the inverter to turn on .
 The nozzle packet was not included in the delivery and Xantrex is making it difficult to get it .
 Charged for 48 hrs and never worked , returned for refund.Refund process OK , credit given .
 Only 1 time use & no more working ... do n't buy this product . .
 The unit performed at about 40 % of advertised . Could only run a laptop computer for just over 2 hours.Having difficulty right now returning due to the fact that I discarded the original packaging . I really expected it to work , so why would I need the original packaging.May be a bad unit , but eating the cost for return shipment makes it an expensive trial .
 Bought this for camping - used it once with no problems . When we got back we plugged it in -LRB- the manual says you can leave it plugged in all the time -RRB- a couple of weeks later I noticed the display was flickering , when I unplugged it the display did nothing -LRB- it should show percentage of charge or amp draw depending which ` mode ' you 're in -RRB- The ` customer support ' number listed in the manual is not a good number , so I went through a process of requesting online support - 2 days later I got an email back asking me to call a different support number and supplied a ` case number ' . 20 minutes on hold later , Xantrex told me to talk to Amazon , I told him I was out of my 30 day ` return window ' with Amazon . The product has a 90 day warranty , and I was within that , but he insisted it was n't their problem , but Amazon 's . I sent an email to Amazon and they are going to allow a return , which I really appreciate , but still feel Xantrex really let me down , not to mention I still need one of these !
 I bought this 1.5 years ago and used it on occasion . Recently , I noticed that the LED display started acting finicky and would not always display . The problem quickly worsened to the point that now the LED will not display at all -LRB- no matter what -RRB- even though the unit still provides power as before , and even though it appears that the unit still can charged with the included A/C adapter.The lack of a working LED display is very annoying because I will no longer get feedback as to how much power is left in the battery , or how many watts are being consumed when using the unit . Since the warranty only lasts 6 months , I 'm out of luck.I tried temporarily disconnecting the battery and reconnecting it to see if that would `` reboot '' the display but it did not help . I also tried removing the battery altogether and opening up the plastic case of the unit to see if there were any loose connections inside that would cause the display to fail but did not find any . Some of the connections are in compartments that did n't seem accessible . Looks like I 'll just have to live with the lack of the LED display.The only LED that still works is the one that lights up the power switch of the inverter.Another complaint I have is that the clear plastic covers that protect the inverter and 12/V stockets are awkward to flip open because it is hard to get a good grip with my fingertips.UPDATE
 Xantrex inverters commonly fail in these units , after the 6 month warranty has expired ; these failures invariably occur during trips , creating emergency situations . They do not take the units back for repairs ; and new batteries are not available ! Over the past 6 years , I have had 3 of them fail . If they could come up with a high quality inverter and make the batteries available , these units would be excellent . Two of their technical support personel have told me that I need to buy a new unit when something goes wrong .
 I used this to power a low-wattage shop light 2 or 3 times , then it stopped working . Through email with the company , they told me that the inverter had failed and they would n't replace the unit without a reciept . This was a gift to me , so no receipt and they refused to do anything more to help .
 Well not only is WIX the manufacture is no help , but I can not get in touch with the seller who sold me this item here on Amazon . This filter does not fit the A340E transmission that is in the 97 Lexus Sc300 . The mounting holes do not line up , the filter is to thick and hits the oil pan . I have enclosed a picture of both the OEM filter and the Wix one and just from looking at it you can tell it will not fit and is completely different , also the box did not have the cork gasket included as it says in the advertisement.I connected WIX directly and they insist that this is the proper filter ... but it is not . I would love get in touch with the seller of this product but for some reason -LSB- ... -RSB- does not give me that option . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 So , I picked this up at Pep Boys for $ 2.43 cheaper , and placed it on my car last night . Upon entering my car this morning , and attempting to unlock this , the key would not turn . I tried the second key , to no avail . After about 10 minutes of trying to remove this thing -LRB- and being careful not to turn the key too hard and break it -RRB- , it finally unlocked and came off . I was relieved that I was n't going to have to hire a locksmith to pick the lock.I have used The Club for a long time -LRB- regular editions and one truck club -RRB- , and never had this problem . I chose this one because it was $ 10-20 dollars cheaper than the other editions -LRB- the only obvious difference was the lack of a rubber handle at the end , and it is lighter material -RRB- , but I will be taking this one back and forking out the extra $ $ $ for a hopefully more reliable edition of The Club.I 'd advise others to do the same .
 I bought my Club Basic steering wheel lock 10 months ago and it just broke last night . For some reason , the key would n't turn all the way when I inserted it . I tried everything I could think of , but the lock just would n't open . The locksmith would charge me $ 60 -LRB- after my AAA discount -RRB- to cut off the club , so I ended up just sawing through my steering wheel to get the damned thing off . : -LRB- DO NOT buy this item . To be on the safe side , avoid this company 's products altogether and invest in a car alarm instead - that 's what I 'll do .
 Ordered these because of the price but you know what they say , `` you get what you pay for '' . When I received these and opened the box I was discouraged to find that these did not replace the original fender flares but went over them . They mounted to the originals with double sided tape . Living in New England , I did n't feel like the tape could handle the temperature changes . I returned them for a bolt on style .
 The mounting holes on this item did n't fit the mounting holes on my car although it was supposed to .
 For the cost I was expecting a thicker heavier duty type of liner . Right now I have all weather floor mats covering the back , this seemed like a poor substitute . I 'm sure this product is very durable , I just had a different expectation . Also , the edge nearest the door has a lip on it . Personally I did n't like this design and considered cutting it off thinking I would snag it on anything I was loading in the back . Decided for the price I should n't need to cut anything off . I do really like the hole for the seat belt attachments , that is plus but not enough to keep it .
 The leather car seat cushion turned out to be a disappointment . The idea is great but it does not stay in place properly . You have to make an adjustment everytime you get in and out of the car.Lynne Beaird in NC
 Ordered this for my elderly mother who needed something slippery like leather for her driver 's seat . She also needed padding . If you are looking for padding like the -LRB- enhanced -RRB- photo implies , forget it ! This thing is so thin and flat , it 's pathetic . However , is does allow my mother to slide into her seat and she is using it for now .
 The product was flat . When it got delivered , the package was ripped , the product was dirty with mud or something and smelled . I requested refund and got refund minus shipping .
 would of been great if amazon didnt send me the wrong filter set , be sure to check elsewhere for fitment because this is the second time out of 4 where amazon sent wrong parts . also check fitment right after you get it , i waited months -LRB- side project -RRB- before getting to it and now it would cost me 10 bucks to return for a partial refund .
 At first It was great . Im ' a motorcycle tech and it helped save time by giving fast readings for charging systems . But about 3 uses later it gives like -30.79 dc amps without being hooked up . And hitting the zero button just made it say zero and never gives a reading anymore . Hit zero again , then it says -30.79 dc amps again . That was on the 40A setting . And on the 400A setting it reads -301.50 dc amps . I checked and switched batteries , that did n't fix it.If you want one expect to get 3 uses out of it and then no readings anymore after that . AT least thats my experience . I want my money back Now !!!
 Dont be surprised if amazon sends it to you from AMAZON RETURNS , KY Branch.I got two units from the first shipment and one is damaged when I sent it back for a replacement they exchanged it but with the same sender address.I 'm guessing people returned it to them because they did not like it . Probably because the embroidery is cheaply constructed and the whole d * mn thing is garbage . I need the cushion for the seatbelt badly , I 'm also guessing its going to tear/break a few days after I post this warning ... I mean , customer review : -RRB-
 I bought 2 but neither unit is now in use as they are too bulky .
 I did n't expect miracles but I spent almost fifty bucks on this and it does n't help at all . It would ease pain more sitting on a piece of plywood ! I am really disappointed in this item ! I purchased it at Amazon and am disappointed in Amazon for offering an item that is useless !
 How come this product is still for sale . It is no help at all . There are much better products . Would return it if it were n't more expensive to ship it back .
 Three people tried this cushion . Results were the same ... very uncomfortable cushion !! I have ongoing back problems . Sitting for long periods of time is difficult . This cushion did nothing to help . I returned the item . I will still try to find something that works .
 This has to be made of the hardest foam known to mankind . The consistency is more like cork . In addition , the angle of the wedge makes me tip forward like a drunken sailor . Maybe it should have come with operating instructions . I 'm not experiencing any comfort from this thing at all . A high price to pay to have my spine thrown out of alignment !
 I ordered the extra firm as recommended for those over 200 lbs . At least for a woman , its just too uncomfortable to sit on . With shipping and taxes $ 57.00 for this is way overpriced , worth about 20.00 . Its no better than the ones you can buy at your local medical supply store
 Too firm . Ridges cutting into my legs , cutting off blood circulation in legs . Made my own out of a couple of cheap cushion seats . Worked better and without any pain .
 If I can only think of fifteen more words for saying that it was n't for me how much I did n't like it . I did it . Whew .
 I am a big woman -LRB- my wife is writing this one -RRB- but this cushion was even huge for me . The hole for your tail bone is so big you sink into it and thus defeats the whole purpose of the cushion . It seems like it is really padded nice but only you can be the judge if need something this big .
 If you are on the heavy side , do n't buy this ! For normal weight people this probably will work okay but if you 're over a hundred pounds overweight pass on this ... it just flattens and you still hurt to sit down for long .
 This was the most disappointing item I 've purchased , do not ! purchase this product , it is hard , very uncomfortable , it 's like sitting on a rock , the area cut out is entirely too large . Extremely over priced ! I would give this product a half star , and that 's probably rating it too high . I would have returned the product , but I already had more then enough money in this item .
 The packaging this cushion came in had it labled `` Extra Firm '' and it was all that . I am 5 ' 11 '' and weigh 160 lbs . and found it to be uncomfortably hard . So much so that the front of the u-shaped cut-out caused discomfort . The product was well made but I need a cushion that is more comfortable , yet still keeps me elevated from the chair or seat .
 Way too firm . . We bought the cushion to make his computer chair more comfortable but after my 200 lb husband sat on it 15 minutes his legs were getting numb . The return process was easy and simple , and the refund was prompt .
 This feels pretty good for the first 15 minutes , but then it settles until within an hour it is flat . This might be helpful for short car trips to overcome an over-tilted bucket seat . But I bought it to change the angle of my work chair , and it is nearly useless for that .
 And I have a lot of bun ! I purchased this because I prefer seating that 's on the firmer support side , but this surface actually hurts . I 'm giving it 2 starts because it is a well-made product .
 This item is LARGE only for little people , a group to which I have no hopes of ever belonging . It 's smaller than any of my chair seats and is smaller than my , pardon the expression , large butt . If you are a big man like me -LRB- or woman too , I must add -RRB- do not buy this cushion expecting any kind of relief . It 's too small to do you any good and might make things worse .
 This cushion failed to me any of expectations in a cushion . It was totaly uncomfortable and did nothing as promised .
 it is too expensive , it is too hard , it dose not help you lower back . it 's uncomfortable . it 's too big . it 's waste of money !
 This looked great . But it 's HUGE ! Certainly too big to carry into a meeting and far exceeding any brief case . When I sit at my desk , I need my `` sit-bones '' to be steady to support me , but they fall in this cavernous hole that spreads as if to swallow a small child -LRB- this the strap to prevent from opening all the way -RRB- . My sit-bones are unsupported , while my exterior thigh bones bear the weight . Very , very uncomfortable for me.If you weigh under 200 , I suggest you try something else . And look for something smaller and more discreet if you want something you can take with you .
 Cushion is very firm . It supports my 215 lbs very well . However the edges around the cut out are very rigid and firm . Makes my buttocks very sore where it contacts the edges . This could have been eliminated by beveling the edges . This is a design flaw that should n't be . I ca n't recommend this product .
 I bought the cushion because the description specifically mentioned use for heavier individuals . I found the cushion to be too hard and uncomfortable . Although it did provide relief on my tail bone , it was not enough to overcome the general discomfort of the cushion .
 I ordered this because my car seat is very uncomfortable and has an angle that was causing pain in my sciatica . So I needed a wedge shape to even the seat out . This is a quality product but the FIRM cushion is too hard and tall . Also , the cut-out is just too big . I wish there was no cut-out actually . I will be returning this , even though there are no free returns on this product and they charge 10 % restocking fee . I had also purchased a soft contour wedge cushion from Amazon and that one works very well , although I had to turn it over for more comfortable seating in my car . So , if you like to be raised high and have a hard cushion , this might work for you . But the cut-out is just too big and I felt it in my butt the whole time . The company should offer a cushion without a cut-out . I am 5 foot 7 , 155 lbs guy . Also keep in mind that the return policy on this is very strict and you will pay for shipping both ways plus the 10 % restocking . I give this 2 stars because it looks like it would last and has an attractive appearance .
 It 's not comfortable . It moves too easily . It 's too small . It is overpriced . Save your money and buy a good boat cushion . They are more comfortable .
 Does not help , is just cheap foam with no support , and is completely different and not as thick as the picture indicates . It may support someone 100 pounds or less , but for most people it is useless in addition to being overpriced .
 For starters , this product does not work PERIOD . I bought it to use at my home office , and a recent trip about 500 miles . It actually caused more pain than using the actual seat . I really can not say enought that you purchase anything but this item . It is definatly not worth anything . Ca n't return the product without steep return & shipping fees . A complete rip off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered product 22001 for my 2005 GMC XL envoy . I was looking for a liner that went behind the 2nd row . The item 22001 does not fit . It appears that item is for suburbans or a Tahoe or perhaps An envoy without a third row . If you have an XL model with 3rd row seating do NOT buy this item . Accordin to husky They do not make one that goes behind the 2nd row of an XL model . Ended up returning the item
 They did not even send me the right ones these have some weird red reflector on it I just stuck them on my other car . I do n't recommend them because this company seems incompetent .
 It appears that when you order this item you will get a 3 outlet substitute which in my case was not satisfactory , and was returned . It would be more accurate to show the substituted item and not the twin socket item .
 Purchased a used car with this atrocity installed . I live in NH , and it is very cold this time of year . Shift knob is extremely cold , and rattles continually . Unable to tighten , knob just spins in either direction . I have had to learn to hold pressure on knob when accelerating to avoid annoying rattle . Currently researching how to remove . Looks like you ca n't buy it on Amazon , but it 's readily available at Autozone for $ 24.99 . Piece of Crap !
 This product is 27/8 '' not 3 '' it will not fit 3 '' pipe . The manufacture tag even stats 27/8 '' . Product is misrepresented .
 I was very pleased to receive my steering wheel lock , but was let down when I removed it from it 's horrible packaging . It was cheap , flimsy , and smelled very bad . You really do get what you paid for here .
 I did n't read the posting very thoroughly and did n't realize they were solid nylon . One of them snapped off when I gave it the final turn to tighten it . I ended up pulling the interior off my rear hatch on my Lexus RX to get it out . I went to a local hardware store and bought stainless steel ones for 13 cents each and I 'm using them instead.Also I wanted to note that the phillips head on these screws is quite unorthodox . you 'll notice that it 's just two slits and not angled like most screws are . Anyway you 'll find that if you have a toolbox full of screwdrivers , only one will fit these screws .
 First of all , the photo is a blatant lie . I too was looking for black fasteners to create a clean and neat license plate installation . The photo/ad implies a lot by minimally saying you are buying `` Nylon fasteners '' with the photo of stainless steel nylon locking nuts . In reality you are purchasing completely nylon screws and nuts with all of them cast in black , nothing is metal/stainless steel and it will not tolerate anything more than a `` snug '' tightening . Just simply do n't buy these and look somewhere else for hardware .
 Those plastic screws are very weak . They snapped off right when I screwed them on . The head of the screw simply split apart once it was screwed all the way . Needless to say that it 's not so easy to take a screw out when it does n't have its head anymore ... I threw the whole pack right away . Useless .
 I bought these screws for my car -LRB- 2006 ford escape -RRB- but they were completely the wrong size . I thought that license plate screws would be universal , but obviously they are not .
 Thought a rust free option would be nice , however these stripped so quickly and easily it was rediculous . I got them about 50 % fastened when it really started to strip . I then immediatly tried to remove them with no success . Now I have the fun task of trying to remove what 's left of them from my bumper . Have n't figured it out yet.Learn from my foolishness and do not purchase these problems .
 The screws are incredibly weak . All of them snapped when tightening into pre-drilled license plate holes . I suggest staying away from these and all Nylon screws .
 I admit , ` apparently ' I should have done my research and found out exactly what size screws are required for the rear license plate on my X3 BMW ... but who woulda thought I had to be that thorough here at Amazon . I 've trusted them for years ! Sure , at times I check or double-check stuff ... but come-on - they 're screws AND it 's just a license plate frame !!! So , I find myself here trying to help you save a wasted hour out of your day . Please do not let the product description fool you ... `` The 6mm x 25mm bolts are designed for use with import vehicles `` The screws are nice ... . however they in no way , shape , or form screw into the secured plate holder on the rear of an BMW X3 . Now , perhaps I own an American-made BMW , but I 'm gon na think not ; yet according to Cruiser , BMW does not fall into the category of ` import . ' The screws DO however hold the frame that I bought from Cruiser to the license plate quite well -- and not to mention it all looks darn good -LRB- got the 20050 Classic Lite Blk frame -RRB- ... . but without being able to attach the whole system to the permanent plate holder on the rear of the vehicle , this does not bode well for my purpose.Mind you , an hour later I had finally secured the ` above scenario ' with 2 of my own screws into the top of the vehicle plate holder and was happy enough to use the purchased screws at the bottom of the new Cruiser frame -LRB- and license plate -RRB- without actually securing them to the plate holder BUT only after having to cut them to a much shorter length . Basically , the new frame is now secured to the vehicle plate via 2 machine screws -LRB- mine -RRB- at the top and 2 nut & bolt ; Cruiser bolts at the bottom ... . however , the bottom of the frame and plate is not secured to the permanent plate holder on the vehicle -LRB- just the frame and license plate are secured together . -RRB- This has now created a rattling noise that I further had to fix by putting some heavyduty closed cell foam behind the bottom of the plate.I 've since googled X3 screws for rear license plates ; I now know exactly the size of the screws that I need -LRB- but not the exact length - ca n't find it -RRB- ... so ... this too is your job should you choose to take it - DO your homework and find out the exact diam of your vehicles screws . I like the nylon cuz a -RRB- they 're black and more important b -RRB- they 're rustproof , and c -RRB- they can be cut to the length you 'll need . Just be sure to be gentle with them . Furthermore , I do n't rec any screw ` covers ' -- they 'll just lead to rust and crap and more crap , especially if you do n't use stainless steel screws.So , hopefully ... . with next week 's arrival of my proper ` import vehicle ' screws -LRB- nylon-yes , from Cruiser-no -RRB- -- even considering this a ` start-over ' , what should have taken ten minutes will now take only five ... . here 's to hope!I wish you ... not needing ` every tool in the box ' , not having to run back upstairs every 15 minutes , more important -- not waiting 5 minutes for the elevator in order to get back upstairs , and most important -- a groovy moment once it 's all said & done ! >> >> > PEACE , LOVE , & URBAN INFORM ! < < < < <
 These screws are worthless . The second they hit the smallest bit of tension , they begin to strip . Just go to the hardware store and pick up some fasteners .
 Completely worthless junk . The bolts are plastic , the nuts are plastic . Excuse me ... `` nylon '' . I would n't trust these bolts to hold anything . They 're purely cosmetic and definitely not worth anything close to a buck each .
 The screws do not fit my BMW 3-series license plate holder . D. Hoskins 's reviews also mentioned that these screws do n't fit his BMW X3.So if you own a BMW , these screws are most likely the wrong size.buyers beware ! product is MISLABELED . the screws are NOT for ALL imports !
 The screws come with plastic nuts not the metal locking nuts in the picture . The screws are too short to be used with anything else -LRB- cover or bracket -RRB- .
 The reason I bought this item is that it looks like it comes with the rubber dust boot on the rod.It does not , although it appears in the product photo . The boot is an extra 15.00 $ at the auto store.I guess they think you will keep it and but the boot instead of returning . Dishonest .
 I ordered this product on 19th August 2009 as a present for a close family member . That was allowing a whole two weeks for the order to arrive on time . It is now the 14th September and I am still awaiting an estimated delivery date . The product has had the `` Usually ships within 3 to 5 days '' for that whole time . Evidently , this is not the case.Amazon customer service helped a lot
 Look OK , cheap silk screen print on mat . Do n't hold up . Would not buy again
 It should have a way to add more items to a shopping list . Next time you press record it overwrites what 's on there you have to repeat everything which gets old when the list is longer .
 This recorder can only record for about 10 seconds and you have to have your mouth right up to the speaker to record your voice . You can only put one reminder on it at a time . It is cheap , but your money could be put to better use .
 Advertised for a Passat wagon - and did n't fit the grommets . The box label was for another model of VW . Returned for refund .
 Coverking gave Amazon the wrong information for these floormats . Do NOT buy them for a 5th Generation Passat Wagon , as they are meant for a 4th Generation Passat Wagon ! I bought these mats for my 2003 Passat Wagon -LRB- which is a 5th Gen wagon -RRB- , and the passenger side mat is way too wide for my car . The width between the holes of the passenger side mat is quite a bit wider than the width between the pegs on my Passat , so the holes of the passenger side mat do NOT fit on the pegs in the car.I had to email Coverking photos of these mats as well as of the original mats that came with my Passat , and this is what they told me : `` It looks like the item you ordered is for 1998-2001 . If you have a 2003 , then you would need pattern
 I bought 3 of these and only needed 1 , but have had to use the vent caps from the other 2 that I did n't use because the vent caps split and break . The flexible spout has also cracked in the middle . I emailed Briggs & Stratton about the problem , they advised me to discontinue using the containers , with no other resolution . I emailed them several times after this , and they ignore my emails .
 The quality is well below what I expected for a Brigs and Stratton product . It seams in this case B&S buyers did not do any quality checks . Hard to handle , vent cap is VERY DIFFICULT to open All around a disappointing product from a Quality Company . THE PRICE IS WAY TO HIGH JUST FOR THE BRIGGS NAME
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I bought 5 different sets of license plate fasteners due to mixed reviews and did n't want to go through the hassle of changing out the plate later .1 -RRB- The product received was as described -LRB- packaging had the Cruiser Accessories 80230 Fasteners , Domestic-Steel labeling on it -RRB- 2 -RRB- These are steel , as stated in the descriptionI did a rudimentary corrosion test by half-submerging them in salt/water for 24 hrs then rinsing them off and letting them sit for another 24 hrsOf the 5 packs , this is the only one that started to corrode.Each of the others were similarly shaped and priced
 I got this and went out and pulled my old one off and tried to fit this one up to where I took the old one out and it would have cost me as much as if I had it installed by the dealer to get all the adapters I would have needed
 The Amazon Website had this converter compatible with my auto-I own a 2002 Pontiac Firebird , 3.8 L V6 engine , base model trim ... This converter is designed according to The Walker Website for a 3.4 L V6 Firebird 1995 or older ... It goes to say this converter did not work properly .
 I was excited to receive the carflector but after i installed the item wasnt what i expected the item doesnt cover the hole hood only 3/4 of the hood in other words the picture they show at the site is not what you get .
 WORSE PRODUCT , WILL N EVER RECCOMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY ONE , WORSE PRODUCT I HAVE EVER PURCHASE NOT ONLY I HAVE BAD EXPIRIANCE FROM COMPANY WHOM , THEY CALL ME TO HAVE A NEGATIVE REVIEW REMOVED THEY PROMISE TO HELP ME TO MEET MY NEED , THEY NEVER HOLD THE END OFF THER WORLD . INSTED TRY TO HAVE THIS NEGATIVE RESULT OUT BUT SO THEY MAY KEEP THERE DOORS OPEN TO CONTINUING SELLING IT IS RONG TO LIE OR TO OFFER A PRODUCT DOES NOE MEET CUSTOMER ESPECTATION , I WAS OFFER A PRODUCT THAT COMPLETLY WAS A INCORRECT , ACORDING TO John they were work to give me the part I need for my wife car they or he never hold there barging regarding this unit , .
 Vendor sent the wrong product and the packaging was horible . I returned it and they gave me my money back .
 Ride Rite by Firestone will not warranty these airbags ! Mine corroded and failed after three years yet they refused to warranty them because i bought them on-line even though i paid full retail through an authorized retailer . Recommend the `` Air Lift '' brand over Ride Rite by Firestone ; same design with a company that stands behind warranty . Purchase here
 ITEM NEEDS TO BE PUT IN A LARGER BOX WITH ADEQUATE PACKING MATERIALS , INSTEAD OF STUCK IN A FLAT BOX AND TAPED !
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 You basically get what you paid for here . The jack 's maximum lift is 151/2 '' , so sometimes it wo n't be high enough for your purposes , but sometimes it may . But it basically worked fine for the three or four times I used it in the first year . After that however , the jack sprouted a leak somewhere , and is essentially useless . You get what you pay for .
 I used the Amazon decision tree to get at the right product . It led me through year , make , model , engine , etc. . It definitely said that this pcv valve fit my engine . It definitely does not . It takes a right angle valve to fit properly . Since I thought I had a perfect fit , I waited a few months before attempting to install , my bad . I do not expect a return/refund on such a low priced -LRB- but wrong -RRB- part .
 list price on this distributor is $ 266.00 . have no idea where they came up with $ 526.70 as a list price .
 I bought these to replace a very long lived pair of leather chaps.With less than 1 year on the pants , the left leg zipper started to fail . With 18 months on them , both zippers regularly pull apart . The problem is , the leg zippers are the fine toothed `` waterproof '' zippers , instead of heavy duty zippers . Those zippers are fine for short runs , but for 26 '' + long leg zippers , they just ca n't stand up to regular usage . My Tourmaster jacket has a heavy duty primary zipper , and it works wonderfully . I just do n't know why Tourmaster decided to go with these small-tooth zippers for the legs.To add insult to injury , the crotch of the pants was only waterproof for the first month or so . After that , any water that pooled between the seat and my legs quickly left me with wet shorts underneath.I stayed about as dry in my chaps , and the zippers on those held up for over 8 years .
 Title and description was for Ellie shoes , drop down menu gave choice of sizes , received some kind of car part .
 The helmet is not ECE 22.05 rated . This helmet is DOT only.Just thought I 'd clear up some misinformation , please check the AFX website and fix your description .
 I purchased this converter on Amazon , thinking it was a good price . I installed the converter . I am a master certified mechanic and it was installed correctly . All went well for a week and then one of the small tubes that are welded to the side broke off . It was totally unsatisfactory . I would not purchase a Walker product again .
 It fits the tank but it sits so high that it makes the cover very hard to close -- and worse , hard to open .
 It fit the fuel tank but did n't turn off the Check Engine Light which was indicating an emission problem , according to the computer code read at AutoZone .
 The gauge I recieved has an internal short that causes a 3-4mA drain on my car 's battery . The drain dissapears when the gauge is unplugged from it 's wiring harness . Spoke to a representative at glowshift and they can not honor the warranty on the gauge as it was not purchased directly from them . I 'll be going with a higher quality autometer or sunpro gauge to replace this one , but beware , if you have a warranty issue and the gauge is not purchased from them directly , they wo n't replace it .
 One little piece of paper telling you what you have , what each button is for , like how the hell do you set it , would have saved me a trip to the kitchen to throw it in the trash can . Yeah ! Very unlike most of Amazon 's products !
 I used this clock in my car , but when inside of the car gets hot , the clock resets the time and wo n't respond to button pushes until you remove the batteries . If you plan to use it inside in a cool or normal environment , it should be fine . The numbers are big and easy to see , it 's just not suited for automobile use .
 This KYB shock absorber shows application as a front shock for ' 65 - '69 Corvair . This is incorrect . Does not fit Corvair . This is an applications/part number error by KYB . Not Amazon 's fault ! Amazon has graciously offered a full refund for these shocks . Do not buy if expecting to fit the front of late model Corvairs .
 UPDATED 2 MONTHS AFTER PURCHASE
 Bought this to resolve my never-ending check engine light on my 2007 honda pilot . It worked for about a month ... then the light came back . I give up ... I 'm heading to the dealer to get one of their million-dollar caps . ugh .
 Did not fit as it shows in the picture . Had to return the produce . Not very well made . Would think twice before purchasing again
 Beware on this one - it does n't come with any instructions -LRB- it 's only four bolts and a frame , so really not a big deal -RRB- but worse - it does n't come with the piece that attaches between your receiver and the plow . If you would like that , it 's an additional $ 285so , before buying this piece make sure you know what it is - the picture on the agricover site is incorrect . You will receive the uprights and four bolts . That will be it . Plan on having to purchase the angling interceptor kit to go along with this $ 285
 You looking for a cheap , flimsy coupler that slips of easily ? You 're in luck ! This fine piece of junk contains an internal silicone reducer that slips off . Lovely !
 It has a faint -LRB- pleasant -RRB- smell , but is not very effective absorbing bad odors . I will not but it again .
 Better be careful not to allow anything like sticks or rocks to get in scissors area of jack because the internal gears are made of plastic . After several uses the pressure switch became inoperative and gears stripped inside .
 This product -LRB- jack -RRB- is so weakly made that it collapsed on the 3d use.I want my money back but do n't know how to do it.Sincerely ; Timothy
 This product is n't worth messing with . A great idea , but not enough power . I was very dissapointed .
 Used once and inside gear shattered and jack was unusable . Can not get parts to repair jack . Tried online and calling . No reply from anyone . Would not recomend . A waist of money
 iordered the product last week , just got it today , it was suppose to be a 5 '' lift kit for a 07 f150 . they sent me a 2 '' kit for a 04 f150 . i 'm pissed and want my money back now . on top of that , it didnt even come with the u bolts ! i cant even use it . 130 dollars and a week waisted.its the day after and i still havent heard anything or got a refund im pissed
 First of all , the picture shows the mat covering the area behind the second seat , but it only covers the area behind the third seat . This product was a good fit of the area , but it is very thin , and not as heavy duty as I expected , particularly from a company named `` Husky '' . I returned it immediately .
 The manufacturer states `` Get a Manufacturer-like Custom Fit '' , and according to their catalog , item # 1105200 fits the front , where as item # 1105100 fits the rear to all Ford Vans Full-Size 98-01 . Unfortunately , this is not the case . The items was supposed to be mounted on a 1999 Ford Econoline Full-Size Van . The contoured shaped , which is nice to protect the body around the splash guard where it is mounted , does not adjust . The entire splash guard is made out of a stiff material and does not adjust to the shape of the vehicle body around.If mounted , there would be either a rather large gap at the top between the flap and the vehicle body -LRB- which would allow debris and water to run into and sit there -RRB- , or the flaps would be in an angle which would look awful.The Powerflow 6416 Pro-Fit Splash Guards , ordered at the same time , were a perfect fit , you might want to check out the description and review there . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Was not as described , if you 're selling one bulb put `` bulb '' in the description not `` bulbs '' . This could make for a misleading purchase for other buyers
 These are very thin gloves.I use 2 pairs at the same time when I work on cars .
 I received the product and assembled it . Used it once straight away to put an engine on a stand . The second time I tried to use it there was a puddle of oil on the floor , and it would n't hoist past the 1/2 way point . It seems to have a 1 year guarantee , but I ca n't find an amazon contact on this page . The product is only 4 months old and has only been used once .
 From the moment of removal from the packet , they were shedding lint . So I decided to wash them in the washing machine and then use them . One of the sponges disintegrated in a gentle wash cycle . I wo n't be using these again .
 These are of such poor quality . They are made of cheap fabric , like terry cloth cheaply woven that sheds all over the black leather goods I have that I wanted to apply leather conditioner to protect them . I had to use another cloth to get the bits of white lint out of my leather . Why do certain manufacturers use the cheapest materials , over-price their products and never test what they sell to the public ? Lexol is supposed to be the expert on Leather care . I waited for these to arrive and it definitely was not worth the wait . Very disappointed .
 These sponges will slip out of your grip at the first swipe and thereon really tax your fingers because you will need to grip them harder trying to hold on to them . They will absorb too much of the product you are using them to apply onto you car and will require more effort to cover your car . Wish they were larger by atleast 50 % . And oh yes , wash before first use unless you like removing lint of your surfaces .
 Do n't do like I did , read the reviews first ! It is not lint free and the fibers are easily removed . These are only sown to look like microfiber but are nothing more than cotton sponges .
 This product is n't worth the money . The sponge flakes leaving residue on the item you are cleaning . Using any old cloth would do
 I got these to use on my leather clothes and car seat . Very cheaply made . The white lint from the pad comes off and is a mess to pick up from leather clothes and car seat . Go to dollar store and get microfiber cloth !
 Typical Chinese quality item . Missing some hardware , flaky paint , tray has thin sheet metal , etc. . Mine was missing hardware to attach the door handle , the cabinet also did not have the drawers as pictured and the tray was bent in two places . I just took a pair of pliers and fixed the bent edges since the paint was already flaking off on the tray and cabinet . I just need it to hold some basic hand tools and small items while working , if you need it for anything more than that look elsewhere .
 I used the parts finder to order this product , but it still did not fit my truck . On the upside it was easy to return .
 This item arrived and it was warped -LRB- only 3 of the 4 wheels touched the ground -RRB- . So I exchanged it , the next one arrived exactly the same WARPED . I thought maybe that it was intentional and that it served some sort of function -LRB- being a novice personal car mechanic I did n't know better -RRB- . So I tried to use it and after I got the front of the car off the ground , the jack suddenly shifted -LRB- because only 3 wheels were on the ground -RRB- . The car almost came crashing down . DO NOT BUY THIS JACK . If I would have been less careful I could have been seriously injured and the car would have been certainly damaged from the fall . Do not risk it . Buy a good jack and be done with it . Scared the poo out of me !! You have been warned .
 This product came in damaged it even looked like it had been used and reboxed . The handle was all torn up and it was low on hydraulic fluid . I will not ever buy from this company again .
 Had 3 torins . 3 different models . All failed within 1 - 3 yrs ... Could of bought a high end jack with this money torin took from me . Now I have to do just that ! Avoid these junk jacks.I also found out that Torin is not a jack manufacturer . They are only an importer . They have thier name put on anything that they can . -LCB- anything -RCB- ! They dont have any repair parts or service for jacks.They import 1 piece of junk and sell it to you , then import another , and another till warranty runs out . Then your stuck with a boat anchor!They get them from China so cheap they can replace them 20 times and still make money.Save up and buy a good jack . It may save your life ? Good jacks are still out there , you just need learn about them . Some even have a lifetime warranty!Hyjacks has alot of information on companies and jack history to start with , go from there.As I said it may save your life if you learn about them ! Read link here ... Be safe guys . Jack accidents around 4,822 a yr in 1998 . I bet its more now with all the China jacks today . Just read these reviews ... Ai n't your life worth more than what you saved on a cheap jack ? -LCB- NTHSA JACK STUDY LINK -RCB- -LSB- ... -RSB- This is the last jack study done -- 1998 ! Yes 1998 !!! Estimated Number of Persons Injured inVehicle Jack FailuresNovember 1994 - October 1995EstimatedPersonsInjuredTotal 4,822 -LCB- BEFORE THE FLOOD OF CHINA JACKS -RCB-
 The jack would not hold its height when jacking up my car . It will come down slowly even if I tighten it . Also , the handle is so hard to use , when I try to lower the car , its either ca n't turn or turn it too fast and drop my car .
 It shows up as fitting my 2005 Subaru Outback 2.5 i . The Bolt Pattern is way too small to fit in the original location .
 This cap is extremely difficult to unlock . . It takes two hands and long fingers to hold the key and turn the cap at the same time . The key will not stay in the unlocking position so you can turn the cap with one hand as other caps I have used . . If it 's raining , , , forget it because you hands are too wet !!!
 I placed an order fir the akebono pro act 914 brake pads , The box came taped up and inside was a set of act564h FF.where the hell is the quality control ???
 After trying to figure out which pads are for the front or rears , I read a review that these were for the front.These do not fit the front brake pads for my 2008 Honda Accord 4 Door EX 4 Cylinder Engine .
 Ordered Akebono ACT914 ProACT Ultra-Premium Ceramic Brake Pad Set . What I got was ACT564H in a taped box with clippings of correct item box inside but INCORRECT parts . I saw 2 other reviews with the same issue . I would love to hear from someone at Amazon why this has been allowed to continue . This order was shipped from RWI America . The invoice also indicates UPS shipping when actually was sent via US mail .
 Site says these are full links . They are not . What I received was just the red poly bushings , some washers and nuts . No bolt or sleeve . On the positive side , Amazon refunded my money and let me keep the bushings !
 This only lasted a few months , and its just a v-6 s10 . Heat shield was put back on , no oil leaks , the rubber just ripped right off the base . It 's $ 130 from a dealer or $ 14 times several per year .
 Great product with an amazing price and free shipping but the product came with missing hardware . Luckily I Had some extra parts laying but for someone else this would a serious problem .
 After about 7 uses I realized the metal tip is scratching my rims.Look for a plastic or wood brush , or one with a plastic cover over the tip of the metal brush .
 The item pictured in this review is the item that was shipped . It is not the item that was advertised and is no good to me . I see they did change the pic though , you really should picture the item you are selling ! LOL
 I was geatly disappointed with this part . It was not even close to the same part that fits my Jeep.Had to send it back for a refund !!!!
 The product description says , `` Fits Under The Lowest Cars . '' It does n't . It does not fit under my 2011 Hyundai Sonata . In fact , with the funnel in place , the unit is taller than my 15 year old Blitz oil drain pan that I wanted to replace . The only silver lining is the price I paid is less than it would cost to ship it back to Ace Hardware for return . So , some lucky guy is going to get a perfectly good oil drain pan that will work just fine provided he has a truck or some other vehicle that sits high off of the ground
 I read the reviews and was hoping that I 'd finally found a storage container that would n't leak . I made it through one oil change with no problems . Yesterday I left my truck to drain into the container for the second change while I went inside for lunch . Came back out and there was oil all over my garage floor coming from the top cap of the container . I tried to tighten the cap to stop the leaking with no luck . I 'm going to try the 15 Quart Oil Drain Pan/Recycling Container that claims to have a patented leak proof design from oilfiltersonline.com to see if I have better luck .
 I ordered 2 of these and when they arrived they were as I expected with the exception that one of the tanks was missing the yellow screw cap . I contacted the seller and left voicemails but have never heard back from them on the missing piece . Product will work fine and a telecoping catch funnel would help get it closer to oil drain hole on the trucks.Would have ranked it higher but non response from seller is a major issue for me.W Craig
 The day I received this item I filled it with water and found a small leak near the handle . It did n't leak right away , but once the pan was about half full there was enough pressure to force water out through a small hole in the side of the plastic .
 i taught the rubber would be stiffer the engine shakes to much it was not a good choice for me
 Product did not fit despite OEM claim . I recommend that you confirm parts with your dealer prior to making an online purchase .
 As the title states , I am a longtime California Water Blade user ... . approximately 10 years now.I must say this new design is horrible ! I hate it . I tried it out and the blade just bounced and skipped over the freshly washed car . They did away with the famous `` T '' blade design and went with what I call a `` kitchen knife '' like design . I have no idea why they got rid of their famous T blade design , but they did . I wrote an email to the company , but have yet to hear back from them . I tried this out once , and then sent it back to Amazon . The thing just plain stinks.I will continue my search to find the Jelly Blades with the red , yellow , and clear handles . Those were the best blades made by California Car Company.I consider myself a well educated automotive detailing person , so save the `` you did n't use it right '' comments . Like I said before , I 've used these things for a good 10 years and this new design is useless .
 One word
 I OWN THE ORIGINAL CALIF. . WATER BLADE AND THIS AI N'T IT.THIS ONE HAS A SHALLOW HANDLE AND NO T-TYPE BLADE.IT SLIPS FROM MY HAND BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING MUCH TO GRIP TO.I MADE SOME INQUIRIES AND THE SAY THE ORIGNIAL CALIF. . WATER BLADE HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED . PLEASE SAY IT AI N'T SO ??
 The so called original is the same price but way smaller and harder to use than the original . If you must , get the large . It 's still not as good as th e original original but it is double the price so in theory it should work better , right?Actually I 'd just stay from either one .
 Bought this thinking that I would lessen my drying time . Not so , I still need to have my Absorber with me to get all the water it leaves behind . Also the entire blade is flexible so it makes it more difficult to use .
 I 've tried a number of car care products & found most of them to have some redeeming features . The Dry Blade does n't . It does n't glide over the suface of the car . Rather , it sticks & jumps & bumps over the car , without removing much water in the process . Hard to imagine that this is good for the car finish . I tried it twice -LRB- once each on my 2 cars -RRB- . Same awful results both times . Went back to using a chamois & a few microfiber towels . Suggest steering clear of this product .
 The delivered floor mats did not have the required 2 grommet holes in the driver 's side mat . The photo shows 2 grommet holes and it is required for safe driving . I returned the mats the same day that I got them .
 Ordered twice and on both occasions they sold this as PolyCog but actually shipped PolyRib .
 I got this for my '96 Geo Tracker and it works well but honestly you are better off getting a standard boot . -LRB- I could n't get to it then -RRB- The glue it comes with will eventually start to lose it 's hold and it does n't come with much grease , also the clams are a pain and the top insert to hold it 's seal will work it 's way out of the boot so you with have to find a way to keep it in so dirt does n't get in the boot .
 Does not fit well . This might be the last time I will buy any parts for my car . You can not return these products without incurring costs that would be more than the part . Never again .
 Looks like these worked out well for some folks , but when I tried installing them on my 2012 Prius , I could n't screw them on all the way without slightly opening the underlying valve . Air hissed out immediately until I backed them off a ways .
 THIS IS THE WRONG ACDelco 17114083 Throttle Position Sensor FOR MY 2001 YUKON 1500 GMC ... MINE COMES WITH 3 WIRES AND ROUND CONNECTOR THE ONE I HAVE RECEIVED IS RECTANGULAR AND COMES WITH MORE WIRES -LRB- 6 -RRB- . SO I HAVE TO RE-ORDER THE OTHE ONE -LRB- ACDelco 213-4668 Professional Throttle Position Sensor -RRB- WHICH AMAZON SAYS IT DOES FIT ?????
 Easily orderrrfed and deliverred promptly . Wrong size item . No way to contact provider . Shipped info has no email , no phone # and directory assistance has no number . Prepare to eat it if its wrong
 This was a piece of junk and did not fit my 99 RAM . The defrost holes did n't line up and was a very poor fit . Do n't waste you $ $ $
 I have always used Bendix brakes due to usually being a very high quality and great stopping power , but it has become very difficult to find them . This set I purchased from Amazon must have been someone else 's return , because they came from the return center , but I had to do the same . The friction material was improperly installed on the backing plate , which caused the material to extend past the backing plate on the edges in a few spots . I have never seen , nor expected , such poor quality from Bendix . Had to send them back , and ordered up some Raybestos . Raybestos are just OK in my opinion , nothing great . It 's a shame too , because the friction material of the Bendix was visibly much higher quality than the Raybestos . The Bendix were made in USA , and Raybestos in Mexico . Very dissapointed .
 The covers did not fit my tacoma properly they kept coming off from the outside .
 I HAD HIGH HOPES FOR THIS ITEM BECAUSE I HAVE SEEN AVS COVERS ON OTHER VEHICLES AND THEY LOOK GREAT , AND SO DO THESE ... . BUT THEY DO NOT FIT PROPERLY ! THE AVS COVERS FOR THE TAIL LIGHTS ARE GREAT , FIT GREAT AND LOOK GREAT , BUT THESE HEADLIGHT COVERS SUCK ! NOT TO MENTION , THESE THINGS ARE HELD ON BY -LRB- 4 -RRB- TWO-PIECE OF VELCRO STICKER THAT CAN NOT HOLD IT ON RIGHT . IF TWO OF THE VELCRO PIECES STRICK , THE OTHER TWO WONT , THE COVERS OVERHANG THE HEADLIGHTS , AND THEY DONT FIT RIGHT DUE TO , THE AVS COVERS OVERHANG RUBS AGAINST THE RUBBER INSULATOR AROUND THE HEADLIGHTS . TERRIBLE BUY , DO NOT BUY THEM ! I DONT TAKE THIS AS A 60 DOLLAR LOSS , BECAUSE I WONT USE THEM , I TAKE THIS AS A 110.00 DOLLAR LOSS BECAUSE I DONT WANT TO USE THE TAIL LIGHT COVERS IF THE FRONT ONES DONT WORK . IF I HAVE THEM SMOKED WITH PAINT , ILL HAVE THE TAIL LIGHTS SMOKED WITH PAINT TOO . I SAY THIS AGAIN , DO NOT BUY THESE AVS COVERS !
 I have a Bronco and the harmonic balancer was too wide for it . It was too close to the fan and could n't be used . It appeared to be well made but it obviously does n't work in the application that it was supposed to and therefore gets 2 stars .
 This jack served me well for one year , and while it remained together in one piece it looked like a nice product.Yesterday however I had to use it to lift my Nissan Altima out of a pile of snow , and the articulated frame gear broke at the base , so the entire frame turned to one side . The car came down without anything holding it . Fortunately we were all keeping enough distance from the car , so this was only a minor incident.I later took the jack to my garage bench and , for sake of curiosity , tried to put the frame back where it should be , using a rubber hammer . I was just trying to understand what went wrong with the gear . One of the jack support legs broke after the first strike , flying as a shard . So once more I was exposed to a hazardous situation ! Imagine the legs breaking and flying away while the jack is holding the weight of a car !!! In conclusion , this jack was built with cheap and unreliable steel . Do n't buy it unless you want to put your life at risk . Next jack will come from a more reputable brand .
 Bought 2 of these jacks to do tire rotation on my cars . First one failed -LRB- it actually collasped -RRB- on the third use . Second on lasted a little longer and failed when the screw threads stripped . These things are junk and unsafe . Avoid .
 Not powerful enough . We gave it to someone with a smaller vehicle . Kept the flashlight , though.It 's handy .
 be leary about buying ; not the right size ; wrong hardware
 The illustrations show the net going from one side to another without much of a gap . The fact is the net has a gap 5 inches or more on each side . That is unacceptable . Had the illustration been factual , I would never have bought one . I returned mine .
 It no fill any scratch , and 2 days after I used it the car get really dirty in all the zones . Not worth a penny in my opinion .
 This stuff forms a bond to your car and wheels that you like to NEVER get off . The spray collects on the wheels and then all of your brake dust will collect in it making your tires Waaaaaaaaaay dirty and this stuff is impossible to get off . I Will never use this again ... I 'm looking for things to simplify my life , not add to the work !
 This stuff starts running right when you drive . It 's just terrible . The Black Magic in the spray bottle works better and last way longer . This stuff takes time to put on and gets messy plus it attracts everything it comes into contact with .
 My first purchase at Amazon . Selected my vehicle through the website -LRB- '02 GMC Envoy XL 4WD -RRB- and got the PN RS5124 . Ordered it , got it pretty quick . Went to put it on and the upper end had the older two-hole bolt bracket at top instead of just an eye hole the old shock has and the bolts are looser even if I remove that bracket . Went to the Rancho site and they do n't even list Envoys in their selection criteria . Now my vehicle is up on jacks and I have to try and stop at a local auto supply and see what I can dig up . No help from the Amazon website other than being forced to return it .
 Lack of warning on the bottle that this product can damage the leather . This product can ruin your leather and the only warranty on the bottle of for the refund of the product . So they know it can damage leather .
 I used the product on a car I just purchased . The interior was perfect . I just bought new rims , waxed it the first time , I mean I did everything inside and out over a two day period . When the seats dried there were spots everywhere . You would not believe all the spots and dull looking areas . It 's been several weeks now and I finally when to a shop and had an area cleaned . In 10 minutes the guy had the black leather looking like it did before using this product .
 I used it on my mustang leather seats and wound up with spots a couple of days later . Do n't know why this happened . I do n't know why it took a couple of days for the spots to come up . I would not recommend . I 'm trying to contact customer service and see how to remove those spots .
 Bought these with the intention of getting footwell LEDs for cheap . The phrase `` you get what you pay for '' has never been more true , because these stopped working on me after about six weeks . Its especially rough because when they did work - briefly - they were SO cool . Everyone loved them . Had them professionally installed and everything . Save some money and spring for higher quality LEDs .
 Hello everyone , I am writing this review in hopes that you read it before you buy . If I like a product and it has good reviews already , I generally do n't review it . I do however write ratings when I see that others may benefit from them.-Okay first of all the lights are not as bright as people have mentioned . They are typical cheap ones made in China . Second , if you choose a single color , only about 6 LEDS will light in each bar . The only reason you see them so bright in the pictures is because it 's pitch black outside . Otherwise they are not that bright -LRB- I know light are meant to be on at night blah blah whatever -RRB- . - The sound sensor SUCKS , you can read previous reviews about it so do n't take my word for that part.-Overall the price for these is set way too high . For only a few dollars you can buy up to 72-LED bars on ebay . Check them out . This is basically a kit for dummies -LRB- really dummy -RRB- . If you have a few minutes of patience , read up on how to make your own kit for under ten bucks . For thirty bucks you can have a much brighter setup with at least 10 times as many LEDS . The wires are extremely thick and take up plenty space so the controller will really stand out inside your car.Buy this if you want a kit for dummies but if you have patience and want something more stylish and discrete -LRB- except for the light of course ! -RRB- then I suggest you design your own kit . It 's not hard at all there are plenty how-to 's on youtube . Thanks.Feel free to reply and discuss with me any questions you may have .
 Pros
 Received this product today , THERE ARE NOT 7 DIFFERENT COLORS !! Rather there are 7 combinations of colors , -LRB- you can have more than one color on at a time . -RRB- White is not a choice in color , terrible as this is one of the reasons why I purchased this kit . other than that , the LEDs are pretty bright . Nice vivid colors , but FALSELY ADVERTISED !!
 Transistor caught on fire after only 31 days of use . Connected using optional cig lighter adapter . You get what you pay for . Driving down the highway and without warning , poof ! Luckily I was able to put it out before damage to my Jeep occured !
 I bought this about 6 months ago and it worked fine all up untill today . Nothing was exposed and my lights are stuck on . The only way to turn them off is to cut the main power . The lights wont flash or anything . I cant get a hold of the seller eather to try and figure out what is wrong with them .
 terrible product , in the first 3 days a total of 8 lights are not working on one tub ! also the wire is very short and materials for this is very cheap and feels like it will break fast . not satisfied with it !!!
 the sound activation is really really bad . the lights do not go to the beat at all . make sure you know where you are going to mount them at because mounting is difficult . the light patterns suck !!! the lights are bright though . thats the only good thing
 When I installed the led lights ... the blue lights on one of my tubes didnt work and the positive wire is ripped inside so I have to move it around in order for it to work . They sent me a crappy one . !
 when i bought them they didnt work at all . and its not that i dont know how to install them My father went to college for two years in electrical work . and my brother is majoring as a mechanical engineer and we couldnt get them to work . it just doesnt work and i cant figure out how to return them for my money back . my suggestion is dont buy these
 Wired product to fuse panel . It flat out did n't work . Disappointed . Returning product . Not sure if I 'm going to reorder or not .
 You will not be able to hook these neon led lights from amazon up without the help of a mechanic . When I read the reviews I thought I would be able to follow the directions and find help online but you ca n't . You need to hook them up directly to the battery which is dangerous , especially if you do it yourself . The other option is to get an adapter in your cigarette lighter which I did next , and that did not work either .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase.these shocks do not actually fit the honda oddysey.I had to improvise and use a rubber bushing from a hardware store to make these fit.These shocks could not be bolted to the lower control arm without these bushings ; and they were missing .
 The hitch ball mount is not the one tool version as advertised . I ordered this ball mount which clearly shows -LRB- in both pictures and description -RRB- the one tool pin/lock . The mount I received is just the standard ball mount . I had the same problem with the one tool hitch ball in same order . How unfortunate for Amazon to do business like this . After opening the package today I went straight to my purchase history and double checked just to make sure somehow I did n't mess up . My purchase order clearly states one tool mount and ball . While checking I noticed that two days ago , -LRB- the day after I made this order -RRB- , someone else had the exact same experience and had a very similar review . This is my first negative experience with Amazon , but I will definitely have to rethink using them .
 I would never buy these again!Hard ride compared to my old stock Toyota shocks and then there 's this vinyl cover which come with it with no instructuctions or a way to fasten it so I had to improvise and use tye wraps and still have a noise when I 'm over sixty MPH , A loud rattling noise that even mechanics ca n't figure out . I even uninstalled my trailer hitch thinking that was the problem.I 've learned NEVER to use anything other than stock TOYOTA parts !
 I ordered these shock absorbers in March but did not have a chance to install them until this past weekend . Upon taking them from the box , it was pretty clear they were not gas shocks , as they were not tied closed , as is usual with gas shocks , and after putting them on my Jeep , they bottom out over the smallest of speed bumps . The OEM shocks , which were gas charged , never bottomed out on the same speed bumps.Unfortunately , Amazon 's return policy states I could only return them up to April 6 , so I 'm out the money I spent on these incorrectly labeled -LRB- not gas -RRB- shocks , which clearly are not a quality product , else I would not bottom out over the small speed bumps as they did .
 I am a pro and thought of using something new to try it out . Sad i did that i used this with 3m super duty compund on a 2008 honda accord which was newly painted and was sanded down to give a mirror look.This product messed up the portion i was starting with . The wool fur started to fly arround and when i finaly said let me give it a look it had left swirls arround the complete area i was working with . I used a pro swril remover to get the wirls out with a foam pad . The wool strings started to come out as well.Never expected this product to be such a waste . I used the same compund with a foam pad and it did the job great .
 I got the body lift expecting to get what was shown in the picture . I was completely wrong . The kit only includes the blocks , 14 bolts , 14 washers , and a small container of lock tight . Nothing else like the rear bumper brackets were included . On top of it the lock tight was spilled all over everything in the box . Pretty disappointed that I now have to search around to find the other necessary parts and angry that the picture is bs .
 Hi , do not put zero stars because there is no such rating so I put a star , I 've always bought piaa bulbs , and do not last long , burn , besides talking about this light is not white , it gives a clear amber light , my desepcion was pretty big when I saw them on , I did not like and I lost my money , not recommended if you want white light.Thnak you
 Needed to bleed my brakes without help from an `` assistant '' so I bought one of these at Autozone for $ 7 . To say that this product is CHEAPLY CONSTRUCTED would be an understatement . It 's made in China and I would be surprised if the kit parts cost more than the packaging ! It has a few problems :1 . The bottle must be positioned higher than the brake cylinder to allow air bubbles to rise and go into the bottle . To do this , there 's a magnetic disk on the back of the bottle that you 're supposed to place on the frame of the car . The magnet is not very strong , and when the bottle fills with brake fluid , the magnet will likely let go and then the bottle falls on the ground , spills brake fluid , etc. . Big mess ! If the frame is rusty , forget it ! 2 . After you bleed the brake and close the bleed valve you remove the tube and tapered fitting from the valve . If you do n't pay close attention , you will VERY LIKELY have brake fluid running out of the bottle and all over your hands , clothing and the ground.Good things about the product
 I 'm usually pretty good at making lemonade out of lemons . But there is nothing here that is any good . Make your own , PLEASE . Do n't waste your money . I made one out of clear vinyl tubing from Ace hardware -LRB- about 3ftlong -RRB- . Make sure it will fit your bleeder screw thingy . A empty pickle jar with a lid , poke a hole in the lid with a screw driver , run the tube down to the bottom and punch an air hole in the lid also . Connect the tube to the bleeder screw and for me what worked well was to set the jar up on two milk crates so when you pump the brakes the fluid has to work its way up the tube this way there is always fluid near the bleeder screw . I saw so many tiny air bubbles come out of my system.I love the way my brakes feel now . Fresh fluid and no air in the system . Nice and tight not spongy . Always keep your reservoir full .
 I bought this to change the brake fluid on my Suzuki SV1000 motorcycle.I began by connecting the tube to the bottle . I then realized the bottle was too small and there would n't be an easy way to empty it . I tried to remove the tube and the plastic bottle nozzle tore off . I ended up cutting the tube off the nozzle.I attached the pointy plastic nozzle to the other end of the tube . I tried to hook it up to the bleed valve but the nozzle keeps coming loose . It kept leaking fluid everywhere . I finally got it changed by I got a lot of air in my rear brake line and I will have to go back and flush out the air bubbles . It took me a long time and a lot of paper towels and was a huge pain in the butt because the longest tube is hardly long enough.If I had it over again , I would go to Home Depot and buy a plastic tube that fits tightly over the bleed valve then just use a razor to slice it off when I was done.Basically , the plastic nozzles suck . The bottle sucks . The tubes can be used but are too short -LRB- and therefore suck -RRB- . Bottom line
 The unit I picked up , at a local Auto Parts Store DID NOT contain the correct adapters to fit my bleeder screw so was unusable . My brother happened to have another model which DID have the correct adapter and was able to get the job done using his . The instructions on the package are in error . This is suppose to be a ONE MAN kit , but the instructions say to hold the brake pedal down and then loosen the bleeder screw . My arms are not 8 feet long so that 's an impossibility . In reality you 're suppose to be able to connect the long hose to the bleeder screw which is left open , then slowly pump the brake pedal until brake fluid with no air bubbles end up in the included bottle . VERY BAD instructions , missing parts , not a good deal .
 Tried to use this on my brake bleed job over the holidays . The tubing are not flexible and hard to expand . It is better to buy a tube kit fro Autozone and cut them to length and grab an empty water bottle . I do not recommend this product ... a waste of money .
 Only problem is magnet is almost worthless , which is the whole purpose for a one man job . Otherwise works fine .
 Terrible , tiny , and a huge waste of money . Buy your friend a beer and have him help instead . Do it the old fashioned way .
 Pretty much useless . The bottle it probably 2 oz capacity looks like a nail polish size rather than brake bleeder
 Not much else to say . One of those items that if they spent an extra 50 cents in parts , would be useful.Update 9/16/12
 Magnet is too weak . Point wo n't stay in the bleeder hole and air leaks and fluid spills everywhere . Air leaks into bottle . This kit is worthless .
 Be careful not to lay the bottles down or else will spill ... when you open the bottle cover it does n't have a plastic stopper to control the flow of liquid ...
 Hole size in metal gear is supposed to be 5/16 but was slightly under sized . Gear would not slide onto shaft . The metal is hardened steel and can not be drilled to proper size . I damaged two drill bit trying toget it to size . It is a good product with a manufacturing problem . Once that is corrected it will be a great repair part .
 i was not happy when I received this product . The picture on the website clearly shows 2 eyelets at the bottom of the floormat to be able to fit over the hook in the floor of my vehicle . -LRB- to keep it form sliding -RRB- When I received the floormat set they were obviously a cheaper knock off without the eyelets .
 I got both rejuvanator and cleaner and followed instructions . This does n't work for Ethan Allen fine very soft leather couch . After 24h of application of rejuvanator the sofa was really sticky I used the leatherique cleaner that did n't solve the problem -LRB- all the dust was vissible -RRB- plus I noticed it was stripping the color -LRB- burgundy -RRB- . The leather became matte stiff.Not only it did n't take off stains but it damaged the protective finish and my sofa looks older than before application . It is ugly faded and course to the feel . I really regret that buy .
 I 've read the previous owner 's / user 's positive reviews prior to purchasing the Leatherique Rejuvenator Oil . I have Black Nappa leather for a BMW 330i and after years of hot sun the leather on the front seats had turned to hard cardboard and cracking . I 've soaked and soaked about half of the 32 ounce bottle with no luck . Maybe the other reviews have suede or fake leather because real leather does n't absorbed liquid . I should 've known . The `` oil '' was n't being absorbed , but evaporated . I 'd tried massaging the oil into the seats and letting the heat of the sun to help soften the leather . Initially I 'd thought it worked after many treatments , but it was my optimistic hope that 's deceiving me . Also the liquid may feel oily , but I doubt there 's much oil in it -LRB- runny like water -RRB- . Your best bet is to either get new seats or find a leather upholsterer to redo the seats .
 Item was advertised as rain guards for a 2006 Honda CRV - they do n't come close to fitting a CRV . I would have rated it lower than one start if I could have .
 I purchased a set of Leatherique products to clean and restore the leather and vinyl in my vintage Mercedes . I started with the prestine cleaner product to clean and prepare the dashboard for application of the leather and vinyl dye . I followed the directions provided with the product . It is difficult or impossible to know whether or not this cleaning product did is job because it is only the first step in a process . But I can comment on the dye . I had a couple of small cracks in my dash . The sales person a leatherique recommended I use their crack filler and dye to make disappear . My dash is black , the filler is a white paste . I applied the cleaner , then the filler and sanded . Finally I applied the dye to conceal the white paste . What I found was that the dye is not absorted into the dash , instead it is applied to the surface of the dash , more like a paint than a dye . I waited the suggested 2 days for it to cure . It came out horrible . I spent the next 2 days scraping it off . I complained to Leatherique and they could not understand why I was upset about their dye not being absorbed into my dash , but applied as a film on top of the dash . I guess one of us does not understand the meaning of the word dye . I can not recommend Leatheriques products or their customer service .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I purchased several leatherique leather and vinyl restoration and cleaning products to use on my vintage Mercedes . After finding that their leather and vinyl dye is not actually a dye but more akin to a paint applied to the surface of the leather or vinyl , I scraped it off both my steering wheel and dashboard and complained to the vendor . I received an email back from a person claiming to be the owner stating that the unacceptable results I got from their products were my fault , not the fault of his products . I carefully followed all instructions and purchased and applied all the preparitory products recommended in the instructions . I can not recommend this company 's products or their customer service .
 WHAT AN ORDEAL ! tHE TANK APPEARED QUITE SHINY YET INSTALL WAS A major HEADACH AND RIG . tHE MAIN PROBLEM IS THE THE NIPLLE ENDS OF THE TANK ARE TOO LARGE TO ADAPT THE STOCK POWER STEERING FLUID LINES . tHE LARGER ON WAS ABLE TO BE INSTALL WITH 2 PEOPLE BUT THE SECOND SMALLER LINE TO THE PWR STEERING PUMP COOLER WAS IMPOSSIBLE ... CUTTING , SPREADING OF THE RUBBER LINE DIDNT HELP SO i HAD TO CUT THE BULGE PART OFF THE NIPPLE ... THEN HAD TO FILE IT ... THEN HAD TO GO TO PARTS STORE AND BUY A PLASTIC REDUCER FITTING AND NEW HOSE CLAMPS AND DRIVE THE FITTING INTO THE HOSE . . ITS A RIG NOW AND i MUST FIND A WAY TO unrig IT ... DONT TRUST IT NOW ... ALSO , THE BRACKETS SHOULD HAVE BEEN LONGER SO THAT THE TANK SIYS UPRIGHT AND NOT AT AN ANGLE.INSTRUCTIONS STATE TO START ENGINE WITH THE CAP OFF TO PURGE AIR BUT THIS BLEW FLUID ALL OVER MY ENGINE.PRODUCT NEEDS TO BE CONSTRUCTED TO FIT EACH CAR INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT ONE SIZE FITS ALL.i WOULD NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT HAD i SEEN THIS REVIEW FIRST.HOPE IT HELPS SOMEONE .
 this item shows up as being compatable for a 2004 ford explorer and for explorer sport but the 2004 explorer front seat handles should be for a round fit not a square fit and this item listed when i received it , stated it was for a 99-2001 explorer only . . be aware pay attention to item . .
 Looks good mounted , but a weak horn that 's not worth the cost . As the old saying goes ... `` u get what u pay for ''
 This horn set is HUGE , I have a Toyota Corolla , and had to squeeze these horns in the engine firewall . Installation was a pain in the @ $ $ . In addition , these horns were only marginally louder than my existing wimpy factory horn . The advert claimed that the horns were 118 decibels , I would certainly disagree with that ! Disappointed , would never buy or recommend .
 i bought this horn to replace my stock meep meep horn 07 kawasaki klx 250s ... after i listened to the sample video it sounded like a car horn , dont waste your money , it DOES NOT sound like the sample , same meep meep sound only not even as loud as the stock horn , needless to say this one is headed for the trash i put my stock horn back on .
 Do n't believe anything about the horns you buy online . I bought three from amazon including this one . They are junk and not loud at all . They will only make your car look sissy in front of your friends . Do not buy .
 I purchased this unit for my 1996 Ford Explorer . The rubber faces on the switches have dry rotted . Based on the posted comments , it was possible to disconnect the wiring harness and just install the two switches . I have been to everyone I know on how to unplug the wiring harness . I need the Amazon world to give me the hidden secret of how to get the wire harness unplugged from the switches , so I can install without having to pull the whole steering wheel.The plugs wiggle but will not release . I even went to a ford dealer and they stated that the unit is made in one whole piece and the harness will not unplug.Need some help here or this will become a worthless purchase
 The kit arived within 10 days . Got it installed the next weekend with no problems . Everything was plug and play . Here is where the problems started . The kit works but the balasts are garbage . They do n't fire up most of the times . You have to turn the lights on and off a few times to get them going . I would not buy from this company again.I am trying to find out who to contact about the waranty . The lights were shipped to me from China .
 Well I fell for it , bought a set of Rancho shocks during their `` shockoctober '' , buy 3 get 1 free after rebate deal . Installed on a 2004 Suburan 1500 , 4WD , LT , no lift . These shocks are terrible , no control , dampening , body roll is much worse , does n't do what a shock absorber is supposed to do . It feels like there is n't a shock installed . My worn out original AC delco shocks with 135,000 miles on them , were much better . The rest of my suspension is in good condition , I assure you I am not exaggerating one bit . If I did n't throw away the shocks I removed , I would have put them back on , and tried to return the new ones Rancho ones . I should have went with I know works well , Bilstein or Monroes.Save your money up for some AC Delcos , Monroes or Bilsteins or anything else but these . I 'm completely serious I ca n't say enough how terrible these shocks are .
 Nowhere in the product description does it mention the hazing after a few minutes of spraying , unlike the regular detailer spray from Turtle Wax and Meguiar that I used before . Not only is the spray hard to spread when wet , but after it 's hazed and hardened it 's a biotch to remove , needing a great deal of elbow stamina.Not recommended . I 'll go back to Mequiar .
 I 'm very disappointed because dose n't came with the RED PLASTIC ACCORDION-STYLE DUST COVERLike it show in the picture .
 I figured that this `` adjustable '' wrench would fit in any oil filter because it is adjustable . Well that was not the case . it did n't even get near my oil filter -LRB- about 1 inch of space all around -RRB- . So if you have a small oil filter DO NOT BUY this product . I tried everything to get this thing to fit around my oil filter and nothing worked . Trust me its not worth the headache if you have a small oil filter .
 This may be an unfair review , but the product did n't work for my own oil filter . It may work for others just fine , but I still have to give my 2 cents . Especially if your oil filter is deeper into the engine , I think you will have a hard time using this tool . I 'm just going to have to take my car to the shop next time I change oil and ask them not to over tighten the filter , so that I can remove it by hand .
 Excellent brake pads , however the machining on the steel backing could have been a little more accurate.One shoe , when set against the caliper backstop , stuck nearly a 1/4inch outside the rotor . It tooka grinder to wear down the metal on the shoe to get it to set flush . I put it down to poor qualitycontrol .
 I ordered 2 in spite of other reviews saying their covers came red/brown , not camel ... mine had the same problem . Not what I wanted , not what was advertised . Going back .
 For those of you who have had a nice sheepskin cover before , you WILL be disappointed . For those of you who bought this one your first time , you do n't know what you are missing ! There is nothing like a nice sheepskin car seat cover and from the pictures , this looked like one I had before . The second I opened the box I knew it was going back . I ca n't believe Brookstone would put thier name on such a poor quality item . I 'm surprised it did n't cost more with all the labor it must have taken to sew all those itty bitty pieces together . This sheepskin is anything but plush and does n't even feel real . Do n't waste your time , you 'll probably have to send it back , I know I am !
 The seat cover quality is poor , not real sheep skin and it is shedding . I can say this as I can compare with the same seat cover I had purchased previously . The cover was packaged in a simple postal box - It should have come with a factory box
 The item color was not what it showed in the picture.It would ' t fit the seat also . The service was great and the return went very well . Thanks for the service .
 I must say the seat covers themselves were nice , correct color etc. . They did not however fit the car they were bought for . They also arrived with NO shipping information or packing receipt in the box . I contacted Brookstone for return information , took 3 emails and finally looking up their phone # online to reach them . Was given the information and returned the seat covers . 6 WEEKS later I get a refund for ONE of the seat covers - again I contacted Brookstone and went through their hoops , they will fix it . 3 WEEKS later still no refund for the 2nd seat cover . I contacted them again - they said it was Amazon 's fault blah blah blahTalked to a supervisor - same thing - talked to that person 's supervisor disconnected TWICE . They finally told me to contact Amazon for a refund because they could n't give me one !! WHY ca n't THEY give me one ? They have the dang seat covers not Amazon !! Geez trust me this company it NOT worth dealing with no matter what you buy!Would give 1/2 star if possible just because the covers were nice .
 I Do NOT Recommend . I ordered two carseat covers as a gift for my Dad . The first problem was that one of them was much poorer quality than the other - it shed and the design did not match . So I exchanged it for another and had to pay $ 10.00 to ship it back . When the new one arrived it was a completely different color from the one I had kept . Not the difference between camel and charcoal -LRB- the two colors you can choose from -RRB- but from a tan to a redish brown . So now I had two different color car seat covers that both were identified as camel on the box . So I had to returned them both , demand that they pay return shipping , except 2 Brookstone gift cards and buy them directly through their store . -LRB- oddly more expensive via Brookstone but with free shipping ended up being the exact same price as Amazon -RRB- I did purchase new ones and my Dad is now stuck with two dark camel car seat covers that are a nice quality but do NOT look like those that are pictured and do not match the tan interior of his car . VERY UNHAPPY with this entire experience and highly recommend shopping elsewhere .
 After an exhaustive search for sheepskins , including the search through Costco & Sam 's Club I finally found these covers . I figured as most would that items from Brookstone are usually of better quality than you would find from your typical source i.e. Sears , Pepboys , Autozone etc. . After receiving the covers today you can imagine my dismay at seeing the quality , rather disappointed . The seating area looks as if it is a patch work , not a solid piece . I read every review from here and figured that these would be decent given the reviews , even though some were less than favorable . The less than favorable reviews were right , these are very disappointing as far as quality is concerned . You would be better off buying the higher end covers from Sears , the quality was comparable and they were $ 25 less for each seat .
 Huge disappointment !! I spent nearly $ 200 on car seat covers that are a horrendous color . Instead of the plush , light carmel in the picture , what was sent to me was a dark red/brown . They are gross . I 'm going with gross . I so wish I had read other reviewers who had the exact same problem . Please , learn from us and save yourself the headache . I sure wish I had .
 Not worth ordering - was sent back immediately . The seat face was stitched together from 2x6 inch pieces of sheepskin . Large welts on back side where sheepskin was bunched up for stitching . Color was uneven and more orange than camel - sheet face -LRB- sheepskin -RRB- did not match back and side fabric . Expected a better product from this provider .
 Although the product description is full of plurals like `` Sheepskin seat covers keep your car 's seats comfortable all year long ... '' You only get ONE SEATCOVER . The headrest is only sheepskin on the front , the back is fake sheeskin that stinks toxic .
 Smells nice for 2 hours after treatment and then you have stinky A/C again . Good enough ?
 Worked great until it just quit . Nothing out of it at all except a noisy buzz . Appears that the microprocessor has failed entirely . Even though it has a `` limited 5 year warranty '' , the warranty is , in effect , useless . Manufacturer requires unit to be sent to them -LRB- $ 22 UPS -RRB- at my expense AND , if they repair or replace it , I have to pay for the return shipping . Shoot , may be around $ 44 both ways for shipping and I can buy a more highly rated bulk deep-cycle battery charger/maintainer from Amazon for just $ 47 . No brainer . Dump the Shumacher and vow to stay away from their brand .
 I have a v6 4wd toyota highlander . The battery went bad and I wished that this charger could recharge the battery for some time . First of all , the unit can not even jump start my highlander . It always starts blinking when recharging reaches about 60 % .
 I bought one of these to charge the batteries of 2 vehicles that had been sitting for 7 months while I was away . I figured that with the ability to crank an engine for 5 seconds , I could probably get a vehicle started or at least charge the battery . The first attempt was on my car with a completely dead battery -- no voltage at all . The charger would n't even recognize that it was connected to the battery -- probably a result of a safety `` feature '' which may need to sense voltage to know it is connected to a battery . Since it did n't sense it was connected to a battery , it would not apply a charge or provide any cranking power.Next I tried it on the battery of my truck which had a little voltage left , but not enough to start the engine . The 5 second starting power of the charger would not turn the engine over . It did , however , charge the battery overnight and the truck started right up the next morning . I then used the truck to jumpstart the car with the completely dead battery and allowed the car to run for about a half hour . This gave the battery enough voltage so that the charger could then recognize it was connected and supply a charge to the battery . After about 6 hours , the car battery was fully charged and a test indicated that the battery was not faulty.After all this , I returned the charger to Amazon and bought a Sears premium one that had better specs for about the same price and was told it WOULD start a completely dead battery . Had some similiar looking control panel items to the Schumacher charger so may be same manufacturer . Have n't had a chance to try on completely dead battery.If you buy the Schumacher SC-8000A , do n't expect to charge a completely dead battery or crank anything other than a very small engine.Shipment packing from Amazon was poor -- it allowed the heavy charger to bang around in the box . When I turned the charger upside down , parts inside moved around -- not a good sign .
 Do Not buy this product ! It burned out in only a few hours of use . Followed instructions to the letter .
 Bought this to replace the original radio system with a digital/satellite/gps system . Thought it would be an easy install based on the apparent specific function of the interface module . Then the nightmare started . Took two different installers and an extra $ 600.00 to finally get it done right . Ca n't recommend the project for other Cadillac owners with the OLD analog ONSTAR .
 Same problem as another reviewer , the rear casters do n't work properly . I did n't feel safe raising and lowering the car with the casters jamming so I ended up getting a Torin low profile jack from Walmart for the same $ $ . Would stay away from this product .
 A REAL PIECE OF JUNK NO CASE AND NO LOCKABLE WHEELS SO YOU HAVE TO BE VERY CAREFULL
 My first scraper arrived and would not open . I was sent another and that one also would not open or close . The metal is flimsy , the workmanship is from an assembly line in the Asia , and it 's a FAIL.I bought this item to protect my fingers from a razor blade catching as I scrape and take off decals . I felt less safe with this item , feeling the metal would either quickly bend or snap quickly . Item was thrown away .
 National failed to mention that the back half of the bracket was painted flat black and was not chromed as was indicated . This is not a good look on chrome forks .
 Had it returned to Amazon after the local alignment shop advised me that the Rancho unit had a dead spot causing the dreaded Jeep death wobble . They slapped on a NAPA unit and the problem disappeared . The Rancho unit carries a lifetime warranty and Amazon did honor it albeit with some lame excuse of a one time exception to take the part back . Amazon deducted the shipping return cost and the free shipping when I brought it . So I lost $ 12 . Next time I 'll probally buy locally if the prices are close and eliminate the hassle and lost money due to shipping .
 Item is not color of picture or regular shocks , it is liquid metallic . This is not a problem , but item was completely painted silver including rubber bushings -LRB- which should be black -RRB- . This is usually not how a new item would appear from factory . Even though it came in a new box with with new attachments it looks used or refurbed . It appeared to be mechanically sound so I installed it anyway -LRB- didnt want hassle of return -RRB- . Item seems to be working as advertised , so 5 stars for function , 1 star for fit and finish , 0 stars for not as described .
 SW5630 is not a switch but a control module . Amazon needs to fix the part number of the change the picture .
 Just received this knock sensor and was under the impression , by the picture , that I would be receiving the cable as well.I could find a better price but needed the cables to relocate the sensor . Not impressed
 The AZ part finder is not always accurate . This part does not fit a 1998 Accord 4Cyl . as indicated Use the part finder at manufacturers webs site to determine the correct part .
 I dont get it , you click on the item , you input the model of your car and it tells you if its compatable or not , then it says Yes its for my car then i get it take apart the part to install it and it doesnt fit , all that work for nothing , who are the idiots who packed these ?
 I did n't know this was what was already on my car when I bought another to replace it . After removing the cap I found moisture had made its way into the components inside , under the cap . I would take an educated guess that it was due to an inferior o-ring or bad vent cap that came with the cap , see my other review . There was some oxidation on various parts and even some rust , which I 've never seen in any other vehicles I 've owned over the past 20 yrs . This rotor was a PITA to remove ! Due to the lousy cap , the rotor was rusted on and had to be cut off . Even after installing the new one , I tried to remove it just out of curiosity and it was very hard to remove . I 've never had this problem with OEM parts . I wo n't buy this rotor or the matching cap again .
 After reading other reviews I took a chance on this product . It only came with 2 of the 7 pieces . The product seems good for the price of $ 50 - $ 60 but I would have been pissed if I spent more . This was supposed to outfit my new bike , I was n't planning on it lasting more than a year or two . I called amazon and they are giving me a refund . I was going to reorder but now the set from the original seller is unavaible and the price from a new seller is $ 100.00 !!! BUYER BEWARE . I am not the first person to have parts missing . Amazon was wonderful about helping me , but it is disapointing that I can not contact directly to ask them to send the rest of the pieces . I would much rather have that than a refund .
 I only received three out of seven pieces in the box on my first order . I was given the chance to reorder and have the bad one picked up . It was picked up and a new one left at the same time
 I work as a pattern maker so i know real leather . This is fake material sprayed to smell like leather . It is poorly crafted and the stitching does not hold .
 MADE VERY POORLY . I SHOULD HAVE RETURNED THEM . THE STITCHING WAS SO BAD THAT IT CAME APART AS I WAS TRYING TO PUT IT ON MY BIKE .
 product is very cheap and so is the price . if you want something just for a season or two buy this product . if you want something that will last for awhile spend the money and get something good .
 The value is good , but the quality of the bags is horrible ! After 2 days of use , the two saddlebags tore and were rendered useless . I would not recommend these saddlebags , unless they are to be used for decoration . So , remember you get what you pay for , in this case a cardboard filled `` leather set '' .
 This product is labeled as Genuine Leather motorcycle luggage . It arrived at my door today , and each item was labeled as Genuine Leather , with its own tag . They are also labeled Made in China ; no surprise , they are counterfeit leather , from a known source of counterfeit goods . This item may contain some leather , but it is apparent that its primary material is PVC composite ; it has been chemically treated to have a `` leather like '' smell , which is nothing like the smell of real leather . Several other reviews seem to indicate the same issue , only wish I had read them in advance . I have filed a claim with Amazon to notify them that this is counterfeit product - will report back ASAP . In the meantime , my advice is DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 I ordered this from lilgift for my father in law - had ut gift wrapped and all - they get here from Texas and I am all excited cause I bought this for his motorcycle - he opens it and only one side of the saddlebag is there - out of the 7 pieces he only got 4 pieces , upset I try to get this settled and to avail - I have sent 3 emails to this company -LRB- cause even in their website the is no customer service phone number -RRB- A month later and I have still not heads from the company !!! I am not happy at all !!!!! could n't tell u about the product because it cant even be used !!!!
 very very very cheap you get what you pay for . it works but dont let it get wet or the cardboard will warp.save your money and buy something worth you money .
 Oddly shaped , scrap pieces of leather stitched together looks odd and more like a lady 's handbag than a saddlebag . I would not buy these again .
 there was numerous pieces missing in this set . . the pair of saddlebags had only one , which doesnt serve any purpose when bought single
 Very cheap should give it away , , , go to jaffrums , , , do n't waste your money on this , , I 'm , surprised amazon carries , junk like this
 These bags are much smaller than what I anticipated . They do n't have that much room . I would n't recommend these . You definitely get what you pay for .
 I have a few issues with this item .1 . The quality of craftsman ship is sup par even for China standards . I took out one of the saddlebags and the seam was already broken .2 . The bags are not made out of leather they are covered in a coating of stiched together scraps . the actual bags are made of a cardboard insert and synthetic/PVC or vinyl .3 . I have my suspicions that the `` Diamond Plate '' leather is not actually really leather . It has a synthetic smell and feel to it . It reeks of petroleum -LRB- as do all PVC products -RRB- .4 . The company makes it seem as these are all leather they ARE NOT.I will not waste my time or money with this company again .
 I was really disappointed with this product . I ordered it be here just before a trip I did get it in time however I only got 4 of the 7 pieces not even both saddlebags only 1 . lame
 i took them off today to ride clean and i found out that they irreparably frayed to the point of breaking , and they were rubbing the paint off of the tail of my bike !!
 Too much pink I thought it would be lighter . I returned the item . They did not match with seat covers too well .
 I bought these floormats to go with the hearts seatcover but was more satisfied with the seatcover than these floormats . First of all they do n't stay in place and the quality is not the greatest . For the price I would recommend you buy something else .
 Hoses either fit , or they do n't . The quality of the material is just fine on these hoses , sadly they did not comes as `` exact fit '' . I had to cut , yes CUT , my brand new hose to fit . Does it work ? Yes . Will it fail ? Probably not . But it 's an inconvenience . Will not purchase again .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Does not fit 2011 Pathfinder and also many other Pathfinder years . AMAZON IS IN ERROR as to compatibility even after you select the year make and model and style . Do n't wast your time and money .
 Like the other Wilmar guage , this tool is not strong enough to bend the spark plug wire . It 's OK for measuring , but you will also need pliers to get the job done .
 Very bad product . it did n't work after 3-4 weeks . we purchased it on April 22 and we returned it to the corporation as we were told to and we still have not received the item . Its been over 3 months . very disappointed . do not recommend !!! not worth spending the money !
 I replaced 3 of the 4 mounts on my 1994 Camry with Anchor mounts . The vibration was only slightly better , but I thought I had eliminated the mounts as the problem , so I spent more time and money checking other possiblities . Finally I took it to a auto shop , and they said that you have to use original mounts on this vechile , and sure enough the vibration is gone . The only problem is original mounts cost more than 4 times more . I am disappointed in the time and money lost , but happy that the problem is finally fixed .
 These rims are actually silver-painted over rough aluminum , and then machined on just a bit of the outside before the clear coat is sprayed on . The center caps are gossy silver PLASTIC - not aluminum as per the description . Two of the four rims I got needed a great deal of weights put on them to try and balance them out.The fact that the seller does n't mention the silver paint , nor the fact that the caps are PLASTIC is a blatant rip-off . When I contacted them , they said the `` description is accurrate '' , so clearly a company one would be better off to avoid.We 'll see how good Amazon 's claims process is , I suppose .
 I purchased these rims at a tire store , not on Amazon . They looked good for about the first six months . Now , they look absolutely horrible . They are pitched and lost the shine , even after being well cared for . They 're cheap for a reason , people .
 The tip was too thick to pull the clips properly . I basically just used it as a pry bar . A screwdriver would have done the same . 2007 Mazda6
 Not of the best quality and The photo makes it look better than it is .
 They advertised this as a car window motor and its it is not . They sent me a plastic gear that I ended up pitching in the trash because it would cost me even more money to send it back . Im sure they make good money doing this but be careful . you are not going to get what you think you will .
 I too had problems with fitment . I entered all necessary car info and it said these would fit , however they were too large . I ended up buying the correct ones locally and returning these . I 've found that it is a good idea to check fitment of parts purchased on this site with the mfg 's website to make sure you are getting the correct parts . Amazon did return the parts for a refund , I applaud them for that .
 wrong item , does not fit . hole in rotor to go on shaft a little too small .
 Oy - this is yet another Bosch rotor that cross references to late 90 's Suzuki Sidekick / X-90 1.6 motors , Geo/Chevy Metros . It does n't fit , and I had to send it back .
 First thing I noticed as I opened the box as it was made in China . My wife is from China so I do not have anything particular against them except that they do make a lot of crap . This item is no exception . The weld around the fill and pump tubes looked like workmanship of a beginner . Then I begin to assemble the product . Most things went together O.K. except when I came to the pump . The pump itself started on and then came to a sudden stop . There was a lot of thread left so I got a persuader -LRB- pipe wrench -RRB- and it started turning . All of a sudden it started turning easy again . I thought I had stripped some threads or something , but I looked and had not as it was still going on to the pipe . I finally got it on secure and then I started putting on the discharge hose , and again , I ran into the same problem , except that this time , I could not even get the threads started . It looks as if they did not clean the threads or check the dimensions before shipping . I can not recommend this product to anyone .
 First off , It does n't look like the picture , not that big of deal since you wont really be looking at it anyway , but worth noting . Easy enough to install , if you have 30 minutes or so , but the quality of the horn is awful . I had it installed for a couple days , and used it maybe 5 times before it gave out , it just makes kind of a rattley weak dying goat noise now . Besides , if you are going to try to replace any sort of stock truck horn , -LRB- full size -RRB- this is n't going to be much louder if any at all . Not worth the trouble , get something better .
 Ok , good price , but Amazon 's photo of item does not match what they ship ... a bit dissapointed they did this .
 I bought this filter wrench hoping for an easy way to remove oil filters . The adjustment slips easily , and the wrench does not easily or tightly grip filters .
 I purchased this to change the oil on my lawn mower.It has two holes to adjust the size , but if you adjust to the smaller size it slips right back to the bigger size as soon as you try to use it.Don ' t purchase this product to change small filters .
 Ultimately , I always just have to use my hand , since this ca n't get a good grip and the spaces are too tight . Most filters actually have a smaller nub on the end that you could use a regular wrench on in a pinch , but I 've never had this aid me in getting the filter removed .
 I did not find this helpful for my Dodge Magnum so I ended up using the k & n filter which I can use my wrench for . Why could n't all filters offer that
 This product is a waste of money , it is a plastic sheet with garden hose running through it . Do n't be fooled by the misleading technical details . The good news is that it shipped quickly and it was folded up real nice . Garden hose was high quality green hose .
 This is nothing more then a very thin plastic tarp that tares easily . You are better off spending $ 10 at Home Depot for a tarp and $ 7 for a garden hose and making the same thing yourself , which would be much more durable and far cheaper . Esthetically this car mat is nicer but fairly priced , only worth about $ 20 retail .
 I received the product and tried to unroll it . It 's cold in Connecticut right now . The floor protector would not flatten out . The on-line description does NOT mention that their directions state to unroll the protector in the sun at a temperature of 90F . Also , the temperature has to be a minimum of 50F to apply a tire abrasion pad to the protector . Their instructions state the garage floor has to be defect free and vacuumed to prevent stones , etc. from damaging the protector ! OK - what about all of the sand and small stones that fall off of the car with the ice and snow after winter driving!I RETURNED this defective product - it would not unroll and flatten out . I suspect that even if I was able to install it , it would be quickly damaged due to driving over it with small stones , etc. that accumulate with each snow storm .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I ordered two . Both worked well out of the box . Came pre-charged . Gives an adequate but not brilliant light . Good for working under a car.Of the two , one lost most of the pixels the day after I lit it the first time . I keep my fingers crossed that the other one stays good .
 Light has excellent output and has a fairly conventional and familair shape , but the battery can not be left plugged into tge charger , doing do will cause it to die immediately ! This is a huge design flaw .
 When it was first bought it worked good . But it only latest a couple weeks , cause then it just went out
 Nothing else to say . Sent me used crap strewn about in a box . Never worked form the jump . Beware of this guy .
 I installed this onto my 2000 Altima but it took a lot of force to get it to line up the setting screw hole . I broke off a flange of plastic trying to get this part into place . Then I could n't get it off . Will have to go to a shop for that . As for the setting screw , I stripped it with minimal effort and had to use the old one from the previous rotor .
 Purchaseed this along with the Distributor cap . Cap fit fine and appears to be a quality product . The rotor button however would not slip over the shaft to install . It was an exact match of the original part , however the inner diameter of the rotor was not large enough and would not slide easily over the shaft ... . in fact , it would not fit even forcing it .
 It 's not Amazon 's fault . Before I made the purchase I verified -LSB- ... -RSB- for the correct P/N 's and this -LRB- 04313 -RRB- is the one they state will fit a 99 Accord 2.3 L LX ULEV , it does n't ! The shaft in the ULEV is smaller in terms of diameter so it wiggles and also this rotor 's depth is more than the one installed , so the screw does n't get anywhere near the threads .
 I bought this 74/76mm 15 flute oil filter wrench cap thinking that it will open my 2005 Mercedes E500 M113 engine . But after I received it , tried it , it does n't fit well . So I did n't use it to open the oil filter plastic cap . Now I just keep it for the future if there is another car that I will buy and this wrench can fit.So please check carefully before you make a purchase . I did n't send it back for refund as the price is too low .
 The inside of this is not shaped properly . It looked alost completely smooth/circular . Would not attach to oil filter , almost stripped it -LRB- it 's plastic -RRB- Just suck it up , pay the $ 24.00 , and get a quality product.I ca n't tell you how many times I 've learned that lesson .
 I installed these horns on my new 2012 Kia Optima and I found very little difference . I recorded before and after video with sound . The amplitude is the same and the tone is just a shade lower in pitch . It certainly was NOT worth the cost and effort !
 I installed these on my car . They are pathetic ! They may be WORSE than the anemic horns I replaced with these . I would n't recommend these to my worst enemy . I checked the horn relay -LRB- replaced it -RRB- . I made certain I had good grounds and full 12 volts to the horns . Still the sound is a really sorry warble . Garbage !
 This unit tests almost all batteries as `` good '' - even when I know there is nothing left in them . Do n't waste your money !
 I have found this tester to give false readings . I had a flashlight that was almost dead -LRB- bulb was barely lit -RRB- , when I tested the batteries using this tester , it said they were good . I have found this to be the case on several occasions . For just a couple bucks more , Radio Shack has better testers .
 My son bought the auto vent visors for my 2010 camry xle for christmas and when I opened the box the driver 's side vent visor was broken and the the others wo n't let the windows go up and down without pushing out on the visor as you are rolling up the window . Very expensive and a big waste of 60 dollars , and very disappointed in what was suppose to be a nice christmas present .
 Have had great luck before so this was a surprise . Back window shades did n't fit exactly right . Worse the 2011 camry se has full automatic windows that wo n't close when they touch the ventshades in the window track . I just wasted about $ 60
 Black valve had a grey handle and the grey valve was a darker grey than the black . Wo n't do that again .
 THIS IS NOT A CUSTOME FIT FLOORMAT . THE COLOR GRAY IS NOT THE SAME SADE OF GRAY AS VOLVO , THE HOLES THAT SNAP INTO THE FLOOR ARE NOT THERE LIKE PICTURED . THESE ARE THE SAME UNIVERSAL FLOORMATS YOU BUY AT WALMART FOR 25.99 . SINCE THEY DIDNT HAVE THE HOLES TO SNAP IN I JUST LAYED THEM DOWN BUT THEY SLIDE ON CARPET WHEN DRIVING SINCE THEY CANT BE SNAPPED IN LIKE THE CUSTOME ONES THAT COME WITH A CAR NEW . DONT BUY
 Notice the description says `` Fuses '' , plural with an `` S '' on the end . Well . you only get one.Most other vendors sell these clearly listed as a two pack for less money .
 Be careful ordering this product from Amazon . I ordered the correct part # and Amazon shipped the wrong part . Amazon would not return the product since it was past 30 days . Now I am stuck with mounts for a suburban instead of a camaro . Thanks Amazon ... I hope you go out of business !
 did not fit . was not amazon 's fault . recommended to amazon to work closer with vendors to verify fit . my car is a 1999 infiniti q45 , so belts and hoses are difficult to find . no problem on return . great service from amazon .
 They sent me this item twice , both times it was the wrong seat cover and the packaging looked like it was thrown into a box and sent off . When I received the box , it was crumbled up and slightly open . I had to send both packages back and have not yet received any compensation for it . Very Poor
 This is a pretty standard and inexpensive part . However , this company still shows 9 in stock yet I had an email today cancelling my part because they are out . Two days after I made the order to tell me this and still showing 9 in stock . Unsatisfactory . Now I 'm another weekend away from fixing my car .
 I returned this anode rod because it did not fit my Suburban RV hot water heater . It 's a 3/4 '' thread , not a 1/2 '' thread as required by my heater . This should have been listed in the product specifications .
 Got this in the other day , when I went to use it I noticed its 1/2 inch drive . It clearly states 3/8 in the description , 1/2 is too big and bulky for this tool !
 I really liked how this looked and i ordered it because it was cheap . It went on ok on my 2007 nissan sentra but i had to super glue it and then the super glue wore off and i delt with it . I went back to the stock one because 5 out of the 7 lights went out . Only Red and Green would go and then eventually the shift knob stopped working . . i wouldnt recommend it
 I returned this item because the drain tube popped right off when the tube was stretched to reach the drainage point . Luckily nothing was in the tube at the time .
 Connection was leaking badly at connection . Clamp would not solve problem .8 / 22/2012
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 Waiting for chains to arrive . Thought they were expensive compared to other chains . Bought them because it said they would fit my ATV . Disappointed by price but hope to be happy with performance .
 When I read the prodcut description I undestood that this would fit well on my Harley XL883L . But I was disappointed when I saw that the product really consisted on only the end bits and I would need to replace the existing throttles to fit the Throttle Boss .
 Pump came with good instructions . Pump installed easy enough and initially ran great . Pump diaphragm failed after only 7.5 engine hours . Diaphragm torn , and metal diaphragm disk cracked and separated from the the operating shaft . Pretty sure that because the pump was installed and is now contaminated with gasoline -LRB- plus I had to disassemble it to validate the failure mechanism -RRB- , it is non-returnable .
 Very disappointed with this ... the picture shows the stitched VW symbol ... it does not have that on it & although it is suppose to fit tight ... while installing it the material ripped ! Just highly disappointed & feel like I 've wasted my money !
 Update : The creeper was packaged with the wrong wheel caps . the company sent the correct ones free of charge - great ! So , I assembled and the FIRST time I got up from the creeper it cracked towards the bottom half and now sags to the ground . I am 6 ' 1 240 lbs ... so not a small guy , but not HUGE . Should have been better quality . Company says I have to send back to them for replacement ... at my cost . Maybe I just got a bad one ... but disappointed since my first one I purchased many years ago was so good . I guess I will try to send back to Amazon . ------------------------------------------------------------------- FYI : This is my second lisle jeepers creeper I have purchased . I have had my last one for over 10 years . I needed a new creeper at my shop . I just had to replace the wheels on my first one after all these years . Last 5x longer than a cheaper harbor freight type creeper . I like that this is a longer creeper so it is easy for me to get on and off of it and still have my head hit the head pad .
 I had a aoohgaa horn about 25 years ago , i thought this one would be simular but the sound produced is a more high pitched and not giving the same effect . This horn is about half the size of the original horn i had and i would say 1/4 the sound quality .
 Poor Sound Quality , even after adjusting horn . Should have better mounting bracket , possibly metal instead of plastic . Would choose another horn next time .
 The horn sounds too fast so you dont get the good old drawn out oooga sound . It also does not sound clear and sharp . Not like the one when I was a kid .
 for 18 bucks this is a not happy buy . it looked real beefy on photo but when i recieved it it was thin and cheesy . the photo shows it 3 dimensional in person its abt an inch thick and slides on seat each time you get on it and have to adjust your position
 I have a Chevy HHR and am trying to customize my car . This product comes single which I did n't know . It has one elastic strap that goes around the headrest , I guess no instructions . But getting in and out the seat moves constantly and always have to be re-adjusted . It is annoying to say the least . It needs another strap lower and it would hold better . The look is great if it stayed in place . Once the company adds another strap I will order another for the front seat passenger side .
 THIS IS WACKO TO THE CORE.RAISING THE PRICE 40.00 DOLLARS IS INSANE . WOULD NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH THIS KIND OF FILTHY GREED .
 I replaced the shocks and struts on my wife 's '03 Toyota Sienna LE with these Gabriel Ultras . At first they were fine . But a couple months later they began developing a squeak . The noise gradually went from being a mouse squeak to a full-on persistent loud squeak . I thought tightening them would help , but it did n't . A friend suggested I try applying marine grease to the bushings . However , it seems that I overtightened them and ca n't take the nuts off . I 'm going to just cut off the stud and replace them with something better .
 The Cons : These are not chrome , very thin stainless , center hubs are not stainless , hand holes are very small so you will have to purchase valve extentions , -LRB- $ 60 for decent ones -RRB- , The front ones stick out off the rim about 3/8 '' , the rear ones 1/4 '' , when seated all the way in on my 2002 Chevy 1 ton . No center decal . Had to cut the plastic inner rings on the front ones to fit over valve stems.The Pros : Cheap , have a nice shine , fit very tight . If its all you can afford , they 're better than rusty rims .
 Ordered a NEW oxygen sensor from autoparts123 and received a used one in a dirty crumpled box . WTF ? I already had a used one , so why would they send me another one ? Didi n't even bother sending it back , just ordered from a more reputable company .
 I jacked my jeep up with it , jack broke in two jeep fell on leg had to get leg cut off now got wooden leg . Thanks a lot
 Despite their claims , I mounted this to the outside of my truck and discovered it rusting within a matter of weeks . Disappointed by they lackluster powder coating .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Since the Ford Contour is based on an European designed Ford platform , I expected Bosch to be a good choice . Ended up getting MotorCraft wires later when these did not perform very well .
 i order this canards for my honda civic but i neve get my order y try to contact tcsportline but they dont care OF CURSE THEY HAVE THE MONEY NOW really sad
 I brought this antenna to replace my OEM . The install went flawless and the antenna worked well for the 1st month or so . Then I noticed while pumping gas that the mast was leaning so I figured that the mounting was loose . But upon futher investigation I realized that it was loose within the body of the mast . And a few days later the mast was completely disconnected from the base . OhI forgot to mention that this was my 2nd and last purchase of any Metra pruduct .
 Two units installed so far ... First unit motor made loud noise after the antenna was fully extended , as trying to `` further '' extend antenna , made noise for about a minute then stopped . Made same loud noise when antenna fully retracted , again for more than a minute.Second unit was quiet and functioned as it should for about a week . Now making noise after fully retracted.Again getting replaced.Had these antennas installed when I had a new dash radio installed by a pro shop . I would not recommend the Metra 44-PW22 to anyone .
 This product is very cheaply constucted . The installation was easy enough , though after only five up and down operations the motor began to get really hot . I disconnected the 12v and let it cool down , but the motor never worked again . The only saving grace to this antenna is that it can be manually raised and lowered . This is the only reason I wo n't return it but come on dead after 5 uses !
 Terrible service and return policy . Make sure the part is the exact one you need , I bought a antenna for 40 $ , got back $ 25 after they applied a ` restocking ' fee . Ye be warned !
 I bought this to replace a non motorized antenna in my 2001 Nissan Sentra . Despite being listed as compatible with my car and including five or six exterior mounts none matched my front fender and all left the original antenna hole in the fender exposed partially . I had to modify my original antenna mount with a drill press and buy a special diameter sized drill bit to fit the metal sleeve that came with the antenna.I 'm fairly mechanically competent but in order to remove the fender and to access the area to mount the motorized section required ; removing trim that ran under the doors and across the lower fender , removing half of the front bumper , taking off the right front wheel and tons of bolts in the engine compartment , the wheel well , under the car ... It was approximately a 5.5-6 hour process including a quick trip to two hardware store for the special sized drill bit , problem solving and unexpected fabrication to get the antenna to fit correctly.Once installed the antenna worked well and much better than the original antenna . Unfortunately in just over a year of use the motor would keep running and making a `` gear grinding '' sound for 10-15 seconds after the antenna was fully retracted . The antenna itself still seemed to work but I could no longer stand hearing the grinding every single time I turned the car off . Obviously it was going to wear itself out or break down if this continued . I spent several hours trying to adjust or reset the antenna to work right to no avail . Eventually the plastic zip line that pushed the antenna up and down snapped.In desperation I disconnected the antenna power wire with the antenna up and left the antenna cable connected . It should still work as a non motorized passive antenna but since disconnected the power to the motor I get very poor reception . I plan to replace this with a standard non motorized antenna mast.Don ' t buy this for a Sentra -LRB- Nissan Altima also seems to require modification -RRB- and do n't buy if you want something that lasts much longer than a year . Not that expensive in dollars but not worth the time to install more than once and you will need to replace it likely within two years .
 Bought the Metra 44-PW22 to replace a factory power antenna in a 1996 Nissan Maxima . By the wear on the flip top of the box , I could tell this individual product has been passed around more than a couple of times . Took out the old power antenna and hooked up the electrical to the &#34; new &#34; Metra . Heard a nice click but the antenna did not budge . &#60; Insert lost time here ! &#62; Packed it up and sent it back .1 . Electrical problem .2 . Do n't like products that have been around , opened , used and then returned.I would like to properly rate a Metra product . I just need one that works out of the &#34; factory sealed &#34; box .
 I have used this power antenna for just 6 months and today it just quit working , I can here it clicking but the antenna wo n't move ... . Just 6 months !
 I bought this Antena to replace a cheap $ 19.95 , That lasted two years . I could not get good reception almost no reception execpt on FM . After Testing removing , Reinstalling antena , I discouver 2 things first it was grounded somehow . I put ohm meter to ground and it was a short . After Reinstalling it cleared up I have not been able to determined what the Short was I used all suppling hardward . With the Short gone still bearly audible reception . Take out the Ohm meter again and test then I found out the Supplied Cord had an `` Open '' -LRB- no connection between point A and B. -RRB- . I quickly dove head first into the Dumpster and retrieved `` Old , Orignal '' connect cable . I now get some reception with lots of Noise like if the Antena lacks filters . Will I ever by any thing from Metra again ? Answer
 The unit looked all intact . Although it did not fit the car I ordered it for . The wireing is different , and the antenna wire has the wrong end on it , both ends are males . To make this unit work I will have to trouble shoot the wirering to find the hot and ground wire then slpice the antenna wire together . This unit was sold as a replacement unit for a 1998 fire bird antenna and it is not .
 These products were ordered on November 30,2010 . I check the system that was made available to cutomers to make sure that this product fit your vehicle , and I got an all clear that the product will fit my 1998 rodeo . On saturday I took them to the repair shop to be install and they can not fit my vehicle . What do I do ?
 Not worth buying this parts . This are Japannesse THREE FIVE brand parts in a MOOG box , and the actually cost double than the THREE FIVE , just beacause of the box they came in
 i order canards for my car then i never get my order i try to contact tc sportline but they dont care OF CURSE THEY HAVE THE MONEY NOW thats really sad
 I could have bought the same type device at the local auto parts store for $ 25 . It also came missing parts . Should have done a little more homework .
 I bought this for my husband for his hitch kit light connection . We never used it . All the items were there , but it was not compatible with his SUV set up . We mailed it back and the company promptly refunded the amount . We were satisfied with the service .
 I had to purchase shocks last minute during a leveling kit installation on my 2002 Ram 2500 Diesel , and while I knew they were inexpensive I did n't think they could possibly make the ride this bad . These shocks are MUCH WORSE than the stock shocks I pulled out.The ride is so bad that the next investment for my truck will be a nice set of Bilsteins.The only pros I see are that they were easy to install and came with more hardware than was needed . Either spend a bit more on some better shocks or leave your originals in rather than purchasing these .
 Not worth buying this parts . This are Japannesse THREE FIVE brand parts in a MOOG box , and the actually cost double than the THREE FIVE , just beacause of the box they came in
 i was looking for the visor with velcro strap and the description says this organizer has a velcro strap . unfortunately when i received it i found out that it has regular stretchy rubber band . disappointing
 Didnt even fit right on my mirror , cheap made but for price was worth a shot .
 It 's a cheap organizer , worth a shot for the price . However , the binding strap is not elastic and wo n't fit the visor of my Cadillac -LRB- too small -RRB- . I guess , the visor in my car is wider than average .
 First the good
 The floor mats do n't have the holes in them to hook onto - misleading man , misleading ... go somewhere else to buy your mats .
 This light bulb has white color , but on yellow side than the blue side.After using this bulb for a month , one of the bulb went dead . I calledin Amazon and got replacement bulb . Second bulb died another monthlater , so I changed bulb to LED .
 These bulbs are no way near white when installed . It is a distinct yellow so do n't waste your money and time !!!
 About a week after I bought the visors , which are poorly made and uneven , I was driving down the highway when I heard a loud snap . The left passenger visor snapped right by the mirror , and flew off my car . I was very angry , only to find my driver visor flapping around on the drive today , so I was forced to take it off . Do not buy , VERY POOR QUALITY , I WANT A REFUND !
 These are a joke ! They are CHEAP plastic !! Pathetic that the company does n't say `` PLASTIC '' before you waste your time and money ordering them ! Stay away from this product and I 'll update later with company info as to whether they give me issues returning the product !!!
 Not very practical ; too small for most beverages -LRB- things get stuck & when you attempt to take a drink the entire holder comes with it . -RRB- Direct donation to Goodwill .
 Pile is not as deep as the original lexus product . Matting on back of one piece was falling away . Color was as represented.Would not buy this product again .
 As other reviews said , I printed the vehicle specific instructions for my 2008 Ford F250 and the install was still horrible taking way to long and being way to difficult for such a low tech product . I am mechanically inclined and have a good understanding of vehicle electronics and I ca n't get it to work . First , I misread one of the steps and corrected that after a call to customer service but it still would not work . I went through several calls to their customer service and was told to cut the white wire and try again . Still no luck . They asked me to check the voltage at the white wire with a meter and the voltage was below 4.7 volts as required . We came to the conclusion that the product is not receiving the proper voltage and is unable to program or function because of that . They told me my ground was bad but I tried several major ground points and still no luck . I have given up on making this product work and will be purchasing a different product like I should have done long ago . Cant get a refund now because it has taken me too long to reach this point and am now outside of the return window , no fault to Amazon . I take reviews with a grain of salt but seriously , save yourself the trouble and buy a different product . Its just not worth the time to install even if it did work properly .
 Just returned this item as it works pretty badly . Instruction is not very straightforward but OK , programming OK.The biggest concern is that you need to hold button for at least 2 sec , otherwise button is not recognized . BUT , once you hold for a little bit longer -LRB- say 2.2 sec -RRB- it will send two or more commands in a row , which means you would skip more than one track or mute and immediately unmute . I would by metra device instead
 I installed this in my 02 Grand Cherokee with a JVC kds100 cd player . Installation was a bit tricky but just took a little time . Programming wasnt too bad to do . It seems to work slow when it works at all ... The volume up and down will work half the time and the other commands work very rarely . Not sure if I would even recommend this to anyone . Im goin to return this and just use my cd player remote instead ... . SAVE YOUR MONEY JUST USE YOUR REMOTE
 I still have n't gotten this thing to work . Whomever said this was easy to install told a lie . The instructions was very unclear and I had to go online to find my truck for the preparation configuration and still was confused.I would recommend you go to a professional installer and purchase it there and let them install it , b/c now I am going to have to have them do it for me and that means more money being spent !
 The car place would reset the interface but it would stop working after a month or so . Went back 4 times with same problem could never fix , so i ordered new interface from axxess . It was installed on a 2008 F350
 It was a pain to get the SWI-Jack to store the programming settings for my truck -LRB- 2004 Chevy Silverado -RRB- and head unit -LRB- Kenwood Excelon DNS6960 -RRB- , and the functionality did n't exactly match the buttons available on my truck . For example , my steering wheel buttons included a source selector , volume up/down , and seek up/down . Once I finally got it to store the programming , the volume up and down worked -LRB- after hitting the button several times -RRB- , but I could only seek or skip tracks in the >> / + direction . I could n't go back down on the radio tuner or go back to previous tracks when playing CDs . Additionally , I never had any capability to switch between sources using my steering wheel button which I really wanted since the head unit I installed -LRB- A Kenwood Excelon DNS6960 -RRB- is a touch-screen . I preferred to have the steering-wheel buttons that I could feel so I could pay attention to the road while driving rather than searching for -LRB- and reaching for -RRB- a button on a touchscreen . All in all , I only had about 50 % functionality , and , for some reason , that only lasted about two weeks when I lost all functionality in the steering wheel buttons altogether .
 First , their site gave me the wrong directions . Took awhile to find the right ones . This thing once installed has never worked right . Sometimes it works fine , then randomly stops working all together . Mute button only works when I hold it down and it cycles on and off ... I have to release it and hope it stops on mute . Volume works for about 4 notches , then wo n't go back down . Also , I need to push the buttons really hard to make this thing respond . Before it was just a light touch . This thing is irritating and frustrating . Go with the Axxess ASWC , same price , does n't need to go though a complicated program process , and actually works !
 This unit performs horribly . There is a annoying lag between pressing the button on your steering wheel and it actually doing something . The installation process sucked ; soldering resistors ? Really?Go get the Axxess ASWC module , much cleaner , no lag .
 I installed this unit on a 2005 Nissan Pathfinder SE -LRB- w / Bose system -RRB- . The installation was somewhat difficult as I had to wire in a couple of resistors -LRB- per the instructions and the included resistors -RRB- inline with the steering wheel control wiring . This usage of the resistors with the PAC unit depends on the vehicle application . Some vehicles do not require any resistors to be installed . Once I wired the PAC in , the programming of the unit was problematic and I ended up taking the car/PAC to my local Best Buy . The Best Buy professional car audio installer also had difficulties getting the unit to respond to the programming . The programming of the PAC unit is very time dependent as certain buttons/events , etc. have to occur as you are programming . Missing one event voids the programming steps altogether and you have to start over . Eventually after about 5 tries he got it programmed . The retries were not due to the timing issue but due to the unit not responding correctly . I installed a JVC Arsenal KD-A815 radio with the PAC unit . The PAC unit does not support some of the radio command functionality -LRB- EX
 On my Mercury Milan with a JVC stereo I found this to respond slowly - when it worked at all . The first one was DOA , the second worked for a while . The setup was tedious , following a tedious install which required identifying and connecting small resistors.I was ready to forgo the steering wheel controls until I tried Metra 's Axxess ASWC . Poor instructions , but good tech support and a fantastic product that responds to commands quickly and programs itself .
 Installed this to interface the steering wheel controls on my 2006 Ford F-250 with my new Kenwood DNX9140 Nav Receiver . Of the 4 steering wheel controls only the volume up and scan up work as they did witht hte original Ford radio . Volume down mutes the volume instead of stepping it down and mode will only select the FM bands on the Kenwood receiver and none of the other mode options such as AM , DVD/CD , XM etc. . The manufacturer 's technical support was very fasr but only verified that the interface device had not been tested with the Kenwood DNX9140 . It would be nice if the manufacturer would specify which specific units from the various manufacturers the interface had been tested with !
 I bought this product , and had to return it because it did n't work . The installer called the manufacturer and the manufacturer told me to return it .
 Useless , nonsensical directions coupled with maddening , dismissive tech support make this product no better then a lump of bat turd in plastic packaging .
 So it was a little difficult to install with different directions in the package and online and on forums , so goodluck with that part . Finally it was installed and work properly for a couple of days , but now it changes stations , volume , and mutes every time i turn or hit a bump . I have went through and checked all connections but it is the unit . I am so disappointed in this product . I think i will see if they will take it back and i will buy one of the other options out there . Do n't buy one of these ! more trouble then it is worth .
 This product was easy enough to install , as I 'm electronically inclined . However , I ran into a bit of an issue after the installation was completed and the unit was programmed -- it failed to control my Kenwood DNX6960 reliably . Sometimes it worked for every button press ; sometimes it did n't work , at all . Sometimes it worked for all buttons ; other times only some buttons functioned.I triple-checked everything -LRB- which was fine -RRB- and then began researching the problem . While researching I stumbled across a bulletin from the manufacturer . Apparently some of the SWI-JACK units were mis-soldered at the factory and fail to operate Kenwood head units even when properly wired into place . Wow , just wow ... talk about bad quality control.Fortunately mine was properly soldered on the inside . Sadly , though , this did n't help me find a solution . Ultimately I lived with the sporadic functionality of the unit until my Metra Axxess ASWC arrived . I 'm much happier with the Axxess ASWC . It uses a steering wheel control wire off the radio harness rather than needing to be connected directly to the vehicle 's BCM . It also auto-detects the head unit -LRB- it may need a 12k reisstor in the line -LSB- only during auto-detection -RSB- for some Kenwood head units , but the DNX6960 is n't one of them -RRB- -- meaning no programming is necessary . And it 's competitively priced . I strongly recommend the Metra Axxess ASWC over the PAC SWI-JACK unless you just - have - to have a PAC SWI-JACK -- especially if you 're working on a GM truck in conjunction with a Kenwood head unit .
 I installed the SWI-JACK on our 2007 Honda Pilot to work steering controls for the new Kenwood DNX-9140 . The instructions were extremely difficult to follow and since our steering wheel radio controls have the ` mode ' button , it was n't clear if the black/red wires needed a capacitor or not -LRB- it states ` may or may not need a capacitor ' and nothing on what dictates the need . The brown and red wire must be grounded though . Once programmed and installed , the unit is very slow to respond with the Kenwood deck . I wish I would have saved the $ 50 on something else ! Spend your money elsewhere if you 're installing on a Honda !!!
 It took me 1 hr to remove the stickshift panel , the dashboard , the driver lower panel and the glove compartment for my infiniti G35 . If you are a G35 owner , then you know how it goes . Another 30 minutes to remove , install and tested my new sound system . I had no problem following the online instructions and installing the PAC SWI-Jack . Thus , I ca n't get it to work . the program part was n't difficult . The problem is that it does n't recognize the G35 stereo wheel control . 3 hours later , I decided to pack it up and return it to Amazon .
 people , dont buy this product , the user manuel is not easy to understand , and takes a while to figure out . . and after its setted up , it has a 1.5 second delay , if you press your stock remote , you have to hold it for 1.5 second to get a respond , i am not joking , , , , you cant precisly adjust volume with this , you have to get used to it , , , , , why buy a product you have to get used to it , , , the product should get used to you . . i installed this in my friends car -LRB- 99acura TL -RRB- and he is so disappointed ended up not using it , , , pay a couple buck more for metra axxex remote ... i only heard good things about them . when you search online , you will see people with issues about the PAC 's lag ... DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ITS USELESS .
 I bought this steering wheel remote interface because it was made by the same people that made the CAN interface -LRB- PAC C2R-CHY4 -RRB- that I used . I figured that they would work together and there would be less wires to tap into . I could n't get this thing to work at all . I went through the programming procedure at least 10 different times and could never get the thing to work . I could see the light on it blinking whenever I pressed the steering wheel control buttons but it never controlled my head unit . I was following the instructions from their website that were specific to my Dodge Challenger . It could be that my head unit is too new and is not supported -LRB- Alpine INE-S920HD -RRB- . I do n't know . After spending a couple of hours trying to make this thing work , I gave up and bought aMetra Axxess ASWC Universal Steering Wheel Control Interface -LRB- Black -RRB- . The Metra worked right away with no programming . It 's only drawback was that I had to cut into the CAN bus wires from the PAC C2R-CHY4 .
 This is my sixth car stereo installation , and the most frustrating because I 've had to deal with this unit as one of the only options to preserve the steering wheel controls my spouse has become accustomed to using . Whereas the basic radio took ~ 20 minutes -LRB- including removing the dash -RRB- , I 've spent another two hours diagnosing this blue box of despair . At some point , it becomes a comedy of horrors.When I first opened the package , a plastic bag of resistors and capacitors fell out . What the ... ? The compatibility sheet was printed on a four point font , ultimately referring me to the PAC web site for further instructions . It took a while to hunt for the right combination of pull-down widgets for on a web site with a lime font and middle-blue background . The instructions are computer generated , sometimes seeming to lack specificity . For example
 Was looking for am O2 sensor for my 1999 Olds alero 4 cyl . DHC While the sensor fits the car it does not get picked up by the computer correctly . I had to get the OE sensor from a dealer to fix the problem with my car . I dont know if this works correctly with other makes and models . I only know it was not a true replacement for mine .
 Twice I have purchased this sprayer -LRB- from retail stores -RRB- , and in both cases it did n't even last long enough to finish a one gallon can of WD40.On the first sprayer , the pump stuck in and would n't return when the lever was released . On the second sprayer , the check valves inside stuck open so it would n't pump/spray anything out . It 's pretty sad that the WD40 sprayers did n't last more than a couple of months of use with WD40 lubricant .
 I purchased this item from this vendor because of what was pictured . Most of the WD-40 spray bottles from other vendors had bad reviews . This spray applicator as shown was a different style so I purchased it . I received the same WD-40 spray applicators that the other vendors were selling . Definitely not what was shown . Also I paid a higher price for this item . In my opinion this is disceptive selling .
 I have purchased these bottles before and I needed a couple more . I prefer using them to a pressure can . But these new bottle tops screw on a a way that you ca n't unscrew them . That means I can use the bottle once and then must throw it away .
 I purchased this material to use as a sun blocker on the top portion of motorcycle helmet visors . The material would not stay attached to the inside of the visor -- it 's rather stiff , not especially clingy . Would not recommend it for this application .
 I bought this product because it was reusable and removable . However they sent normal tint . They apologized and sent a replacement and it was again the same product and wrong item . I am extremely disappointed that Amazon is indeed falsely advertising Static Cling tint and sending normal tint twice !!!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Not at all impressed with these lights . In terms of color temperature , they looked exactly like my stock -LRB- yellowish -RRB- bulbs . I could have bought stock bulbs for $ 5 each.Don ' t bother .
 Installed on December 28th 2011 , one failed January 30th 2012 . I 've had less expensive 100W H7s that lasted longer . I will not use white/blue bulbs since regular bulb seem to work better for my eyes . I have a 170 mile commute in primarily rural darkness and require good performing forward lighting .
 These bulbs are as yellow as your stock bulbs and are certainly not brighter . Regardless of what the seller write as the description take if from someone who made the mistake of buying them . The Sylvania Silver Star Ultra are brighter and whiter than these bulbs by far . I do not recommend the bulbs if you are trying to add HID Xenon look to your vehicle because these are just like you stock halogen bulbs only painted in blue and have a quoted silver top . Waste of time and money .
 I bouth two times and lamps dide after few mounts . The out put was so low that I was not sur my head light is on . I will not buy it and I do n't recommend this product at all .
 I love these light bulbs . Too bad one burned out in less than one month . . Now I have to buy two new one to be a match .
 Bulb is n't worth it . It 's actually dimmer than the original 55w bulb that it replaced . However , it is white , almost as factory HID .
 Was very disappointed as first globe blew out after 2 weeks . Took out the good one to see how it was fairing and it had a large bulge on the glass and was obviously about to burst . Obviously got too hot .
 The four and five pin adapters are protected by two dust covers . These dust covers attach to the ground pin via an interference fit . Problem is , the pull tab for the dust cover is located opposite of the ground pin , so when you try to pull off the dust cover you bend the ground pin ninety degrees -LRB- see `` customer images '' for a picture of what I 'm describing . The first time I tried to uncover the four pin connector the ground pin snapped off and stuck in the rubber dust cover.If you order this product , I suggest you immediately cut the lanyard that holds the dust covers , and be sure to pull the dust covers straight off while holding both sides -- if you use the pull tab alone you could pry off the ground pin as I did . This problem could be easily addressed by putting the pull tab on the same side as the ground pin .
 Ordered Gabriel ultra truck shocks for the front on an 03 Silverado LS 2 wheel drive - installed easily - nice at first but after 3 months were spongey - front end bounces on even minor bumps - should have kept the old Bilstein HD 's I had before - ultra does n't mean ULTRA in this case - keep looking
 I ordered this item based on the compatibility confirmation from the Amazon system but it does NOT fit a '96 Accord LX with a 2.2 L motor despite what the system tells you .
 I was really lookin forward to replacing the orange caution flag on my power chair with my new American Flag with the gold trim . Unfortunately . I guess I must not have read the sellers description of the flag after my having seen a few others very similar if not the same as this one save for they were described as having the same appearance on both sides unlike my new one thats bright an cheer e on one side and has the appearance of having faded out on the other . My bad , I guess . Oh well . Win some . Lose some .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 It will not fit a 2001 Nissan Sentra 2.0 L sr20deWith Amazon 's great return policy , I have received my refund within a week of shipping the item back .
 the first set of covers i received were the wrong covers so i sent them back the next set i received had the logo half in the seem so it look 's like i bought seconds .
 Purchased this 12 v solenoid switch from Amazon . Product was received quickly and in good condition . The product description was for a winch but the picture was for the solenoid switch for a 12 v winch . So I risked the order.What was received was exactly as pictured . Tried to use the solenoid as a switch to control a 12V motor , and it would not turn the 12V power on or off for a 12V bulb indicating that the switch was defective . Tried it with a larger load , still no functionReturned the switch using Amazon 's excellent service .
 Product appears to be made very well and should work great . The reason for two stars is the vendor needs to be more specific about what wheels the lift mate will work with . The after market wheels for my Willys wagon have smaller oval holes -LRB- 1 inch smaller dimension by 1-1/4 inch longer dimension -RRB- and the hooks wo n't fit in them . I 'll keep the product for my 2011 Tacoma 4WD since it does work with the standard Tacoma wheels . I was suspicious about this when I ordered the Lift Mate , but I had to order it to find out if it would work or not .
 I tried this product in a 2000 Chevy C2500 Pickup and a 2001 Honda CRV for 5 full tanks each . I really wanted this product to work exactly as claimed , but I can not report success . I have tracked the fuel economy on both vehicles since being purchased new so unlike most people I know exactly what mpg they put out on a regular basis . In other words I did not just do a mpg check on one tank before I started using the product and then rave how great a gain I got on the next tank.Using the product over 5 full tanks of gas in both vehicles I did not see any gains in fuel economy at all . I think , and stress think , the vehicles ran smoother , but that is such a subjective thing that people sometimes are tricked into believing because they expect/want it to happen . I ca n't report to all the other claims since once again they are subjective , but since the one thing I could test was false I have to doubt everything else . If you want to get it and hope that it does things you ca n't see then go for it . If you want better mileage then drive smoother and slower.Also , do n't listen to all those websites that say it gives you big gains in mileage . They make money by referring you to sites that sell the product so of course they are going to say they got great mileage gains .
 I 've been using this for two years . It does n't seem to do anything . There are no formal published studies out there other than one which used this on a 2 cycle motor and proved that it did increase runtime of the engine . The study does n't identify why there was an increase in runtime . Those results could be a few things - Lucas products could have boosted the octane , lubed the cylinders , or improved the quality of the fuel , or all of those things . However , there is no proof that those benefits are safe for the engine.Other than that , I have not seen any increase in mileage with this product in larger engines . Moreover , even if there were mileage increases , the product may harm the piston seals.Unless otherwise tested , I may just be dumping canola oil in my engine . And as much money as Lucas makes on this product through unsubstantiated user reviews , they should publish some kind of testing for it ...
 I 've been using the Lucas Fuel Treatment for 6 weeks now and have not noticed any improvement using this product to clean my fuel injectors . I 'm still getting hesitation when I accelerate . My car is a Honda Accord 5 spd with a 4 cyl engine and 186,000 miles . I 've owned it since mile 1 and I fill-up twice a week . Hopefully by the time I get thru using this stuff my injectors will work OK .
 Read this device would add another 2 hours to the run time of my laptop.My laptop draws 22 watts -LRB- per kill-a-watt meter -RRB- and the mobile 100 lastsbetween 45 and 60 minutes before it shuts down . I was not expecting2 hours but I did expect at least 90 mins . The Mypower All 3400 or apc ` suniversal laptop battery are better choices if running a laptop is yourmain use .
 I used this product on a Dell Mini 9 Netbook for less than a week . While having it plugged into 12 volt DC power from a vehicle for only the third time , I heard a pop and smoke came out of the unit . Calling Xantrex for support they said that my netbook drew too much power . Using a Kill-a-Watt it draws 56 Watts . The Mini 9 power brick says AC Inputer 1 amp . Xantrex support says this is too much and that an internal fuse might have blown . The unit was purchased in late February 2009 , but the manufactured date is November 22 , 2006 . Xantrex does not sell this unit under the Xantrex name anymore . Only under the Duracell name . After some discussion , Xantrex agreed to replace the unit because of the old manufactured date . If this unit does not power a netbook , I find it hard to believe that it can power any laptop . The website says `` The mighty battery provides up to 2 additional hours of runtime for a laptop '' and shows a full size laptop and an USB device plugged in .
 Brought it on vacation to charge my pocket size digital camera . It did n't work . Believe me , its not worth the cost or even the weight it added to my handcarry bag . If I could have given it a negative rating , I would have . Look elsewhere ... . I will
 the usb ports on this thing do not charge my iphone . they do seem to work with some other devices . i 'm not sure i 'd trust this thing not to fry something out while charging it through usb . the ac outlet seems to do okay , but when the inverter loses dc power it will not automatically switch to battery as you may hope . it will need to be shut down and then turned back on with battery mode on . sad .
 the Xantrex unit would not take a charge with the ac adaptor when it was new out of the box , and now it will not take a charge from the DC converter . That makes the unit worthless . A waste of my money
 I got this battery/inverter to use it in combination with a solar panel , as a power source in places with no grid available.At first it worked fine , charging from the 12W solar panel in a few hours , supplying my 40W laptop with power for about 1 hour and a bit -LRB- it never managed the promised 2 hours -RRB- and charging my other electronics.Everything would have been fine.But after some 2-3 weeks of continuous use -LRB- charged , say , once a day -RRB- the lithium battery started dying . It took less and less time for it to charge , and it kept charge for increasingly shorter periods . My laptop could run on it only 40 minutes at a time , then only 20 minutes and so one.As other reviewers pointed out
