 The Belltech shims worked OK , but because Fords have double center bolts on the spring , I had to use a die grinder and saw to cut the notch in the shims deeper . Also , the through bold provided in the kit is not the correct size . Too small . This is the third pair I have bought . Ford has been constructing their rear springs like this for several years so you would think Belltech would fix the shims so that they fit correctly without having to alter them . I do give kudos to Belltech for making the shims in several different degrees as these are not a one size fits all .
 It works well . Save time on removing the drain bolt and money on drain washers . I use it to drain the used oil straight into a 5 gallon oil jug . You do n't have to worry about stripping the drain threads .
 This is the best product for the average joe that changes his own oil.The only drawback is trying to find a container that will hold up to 5 quarts -LRB- I find a 5 liter wine box works best -RRB- . 3 thumbs up !!
 The drain valve was exactly as described and received very quickly . This product is very easy to install and makes oil changes very simple .
 Awesome device , been using them for years now I see they stopped making them . Had a hard time finding this one . I have them all my cars . Oil changes , faster , neater , cleaner
 This cap fit perfectly on top of my vent pipe on my motor home , and solved the problem of not having vent pipe covers.Apparently I brushed under a low-hanging tree and lost my old ones ... but just snap right in -LRB- and the spring-loaded legs are really tight , so they should hold for quite some time -RRB- . Great product !
 If you have a camper or RV why wait until you need one ? Seriously - driving under trees in campgrounds it 's only a matter of time until you tear off the factory plumbing vent cap . And you wo n't notice it at the campsite , you usually notice it later , when you 're nowhere near a place to buy a replacement at any kind of reasonable price . But one now - store it away - take it with you . Then , look up , on your camper or RV 's roof - what 's that ? The vent cap is missing ? Now you 've got one in your emergency repair kit .
 Was just the exact fitting we needed . No problem in replacing it . The old one must have flown off in transport and this just fit the bill on what we needed .
 What can you say ? It 's a cap for a plumbing vent . Seems well made , but like most plastic , it wo n't last forever .
 I purchased this item for a double-wide manufactured home to cap all the plumbing air vents and it fit them perfectly . I installed all 4 in less than a minute . Very happy with this product .
 This installed incredibly quickly , and I chose to use the round spot to secure it with a screw . Low tree branches will take these things off , so if it happens , this is the best way to replace your vent cap . I doubt you could find it cheaper than Amazon delivery to your door .
 This was VERY easy to install and was done in less than 5 minutes . Have not had a problem with it yet !
 This is the very common RV vent cap for a variety of uses . These are easy to install , and inexpensive enough to have a couple spare on hand !
 I purchased these to replace broken vent caps on my camper , hoping that something this inexpensive could really be a quality solution . The caps were easy to install , fit perfectly , and make the vents like new .
 Easy replacement for my old crumbling caps . Pull the old one off , and push the new one on . Could n't be easier , unless you convience someone to do it for you : -RRB-
 This Vent Cap looks just like in the pictures . It works fine on the vent of the trailer as shown in the picture . It is easy to install into place with the springs .
 Purchased this to replace a defective plumbing cover on my camper . These things are made form a very brittle plastic and need to be replaced every few years in the AZ desert . I would like to see a metal option that would hold up longer than these plastic covers .
 Wanted a high-efficiency all metal components radiator to go with a new GM 350 V8 engine that I was installing in my 1985 Chevy El Camino . Radiator manufacturer did n't provide a cap , so I asked them what brand & type they would recommend . Stant was the name they unhesitatingly offered . It has performed with total reliability !
 I THINK THAT THE ITEM IS EXCELENT FOR THE PRICE I THINK THAT THE ITEM IS EXCELENT FOR THE PRICE WOULD RECOMMEND THIS ITEM TO ANYBODY AMAZON IS A GREAT PLACE TO SHOP
 I have all the Meguiars line of Consumer and professional detailing products . I have tried them all . I have to say that the Ultimate Quik wax is the best whole car detailer . It can treat the Windshield , Windows , Rubber , Plastics and Paint . It leaves a very glossy finish . It is my go to detailer when I am not in the mood the use multiple products to detail my cars.The NXT spray wax on the other hand can not be used on Glass , Plastics and rubber . It can only be applied to the paint , but the it gives a wet look the Ultimate Quick wax does not provide as well . Let me simplify the decision process : NXT Spray wax1 . To be used only on the paint.You will need to use separate products for the Glass and plastics .2 . It provides the best wet look of all Meguiars products . If you are obsessive in how your car looks , you will not get anything else .3 . The best in water repelling .4 . Most resistant to heat and car washes . I only wax once a month .5 . You have to make it dry to haze before you buff .6 . Has to applied in the shade.Ultimate Quik wax1 . Best all around wax . It can be used on all the exterior surfaces .2 . It gives a very glossy finish . Not as wet look as the NXT though .3 . Lasts about 2 weeks before re-application . Other waxes from other manufacturers sometimes wash off on the first wash .4 . It provides good water protection .5 . The fastest way to wax your car , bar none . No need to wait for it to dry . Spray , spread , then wipe off . You ca n't get easier than that .6 . Can be applied even if the car is under the sun.Conclusion : The NXT gives the best finish and is easy to apply so it makes up for some of the limitations as compared to the Meguiars Ultimate Quik Wax . I love them both though , that is why I use them both .
 I 've always liked Meguiar 's . They always sell good waxes , that help my cars shine and be well protected . This product is no different . Its easy to apply , just make sure the surface is totally clean first , then spray and wipe away . It wo n't last for more than 1 or 2 rains , but on those hot dry days it will bring out the best in your cars color . Works best with the NXT paste too .
 Keep the application light !!! Apply per directions -LRB- LIGHT -RRB- and buff with micro fiber towel . Great shine and we 'll see how long it lasts . Do not get this on black rubber or plastic parts ! Good luck getting it off if you do !
 I use NXT paste wax a lot and like its look on reds and dark paints . This spray wax gives the same look and will bring back the just waxed look . Spray onto a folded microfiber and then spread thin over the car , let haze and wipe off with a dry towel . I had zero streaking and it was super easy and quick to wipe off when using this method . Much quicker than regular liquid and paste NXT and will last a month or better on its own .
 It made my 200 Taurus I shamefully do n't take care of cleaning wise look really really good.only down side to me - since it 's a spray wax I could n't gage as well how much to use . Much simpler with a paste wax .
 I just used this product recently on a friends car . He lent me his `` extra '' car while my car was in the shop . It was a 2001 Mustang that usually sits about 85 % of the time . I decided to wash the car and found the NXT generation Sprax Wax with my car cleaning supplies . -LRB- I purchased it approx 1.5 years ago and forgot about it -RRB- and misted while the car was almost dry . It left an incredible shine on an other wise dull paint . It made a marketable difference in literally 15 minutes . I can only imagine what the finish would look after a proper clay , polish and wax with NXT as a booster .
 For a first spray wax , I was impressed with the ease of removing the wax . Very pleased and will purchase again .
 i got this light for a replacement dome light in my car and it works great and was easy to install and use . sturdy plastic design does n't feel cheap like alot of plastics nowadays , especially in this price range .
 Perfect fitment for replacing the OEM fuel filter on my Toyota . The ends are properly threaded and all of the mounting features line up properly with the OEM bracket , neither of which can be taken for granted in this era of cheap Chinese-made replacement parts .
 I have a 2004 Tacoma with 90,000 miles . Needed to do some maintence so I purchased this fuel filter and it fits and works well .
 This is a great product . Put it on my 2003 Harley Super Glide . Made in USA . Does not rust at all even if bike is left outside . Very smooth operation of the clutch with this cable . Would definitely buy this again .
 Pan didnt fit . I felt it would fit but didnt . It would clear the oil pump up front . My bad lmaoSteve Dupree
 I have done something like 40000 Miles over the last 5 years with this , and it shows minor wear . Others drive my car as well , and I can feel the difference once I touch it . However , it gets back to the original condition after a while . Good quality .
 did not think i would be able to buy this part seperate from the frame so thank u for providing a great product at a great price
 My old one dried and broke apart , and blew away . A big storm was coming that night . I drove all over looking , but could not find this style anywhere in town , but they had every other style . It fit right on .
 Shipping was horrible ! Package made it one stop away from delivery and then ended up a couple of hundred miles away in New Mexico . I assign blame to a package sorter somewhere.We live at 8300 ' and the UV rays on plastic is a problem . I go through a vent cover about every 2 years . This one installed in about 5 minutes and fit the old frame perfectly . The last time I tried to buy one locally , but ended up driving 35 miles and ended up with an entire unit for around $ 35 . I will definitely go this route again .
 Good , thick plastic with the same hinge as the original cover.I only wish that it came with the small slider clip that the original one uses . Sometimes they bend or wear out . But , that is not the fault of the company . they give a good description and fair price !
 We are very pleased with this Camco RV White PolypropyleneVent Lid . We ordered two of them . Both fit well and arrived in great condition .
 We bought these to replace the vent lids on our travel trailer . They were quick and easy to take the old ones off and install these new ones . FIt great .
 Item was exactly as described and worked perfectly to replace the one on our camper . Item was exactly as described . Thank you!Camco 40158 RV Ventline -LRB- Pre ' 08 -RRB- & Elixir -LRB- '94 & up -RRB- White Polypropylene Vent Lid
 I purchased this vent lid as a replacement for the one on my enclosed utility trailer . It fit perfectly and was no problem at all to install .
 I bought this cover to replace the one on my 2005 Starcraft 2107 . The original cover had gotten sun dried and cracked . This cover looked a little different , but fit perfectly over the vent .
 After 2 years or so the vent lids of trailers get very brittle and break or blow off in transit . Rather than buying a whole new vent assembly -LRB- $ 40 + -RRB- these lids are simple inexpensive replacements .
 Replaced 2 Arizona sun damaged vents with these . Easy enough to install and decent price . Only time wil tell how they hold up .
 I bought 3 of these to replace my ventline lids that were cracked/broken . These were very easy to install -LRB- 10-15 minutes per lid -RRB- and the construction seemed to be much more durable than the original ventline lids . I would definately buy again !
 I was hesitant when i purchased these vent lids ... not b/c of the brand , -LRB- i have had great success w / camco products -RRB- , but b/c it said if replacing certain vent lids . I had no idea what brand i was replacing , but i took a chance and bought 2 . Here 's the deal , this is only the lid , it is not a whole unit . there is a metal piece on the back w / 2 ears you will bend once installed so it will not slide off . So , if you are replacing lids , look on your old lids to see if they have ears to open -LRB- unbend -RRB- that will allow you to slide the old lid off . It is easy -LRB- if you do n't have roof coating on the ears -RRB- . I would buy again .
 We purchased two of these Vent Lids to replace the ones on our car trailer . They are very well constructed and appear to be much more durable than the vent lids installed by the factory . They were easy to install .
 We bought these to replace worn ones on our camper and were very pleased with the product . They arrived very quickly and were very easy to install .
 All of our roof vent lids had taken a beating in recent hail storms and were being held together with the infamous , ever-useful duct tape , but with monsoon season coming we wanted to secure our rig -- these Camco polypropylene vent lids were just what we needed , and were easy to install . We also purchased new VENT COVERS by Camco , to give all of our new skylights added protection from the harsh elements in New Mexico !
 as my old vent lid on trailer just desolved over time I took chance and ordered this expecting to be big job to replace , its better made than original I 'd say and I ordered thru amazon with free prime shipping and it took 2 days to get here and same day it came I set up little ladder on side of trailer and had replaced old one in less than 5 minutes , and yes would recommend to any one .
 This thing is great ! It was a little confusing on how to install - make sure you have two people or you will be up and down the ladder a million times .
 Ordered two of them , they worked great , easy to install and seem to be good quality hope they last a long time .
 Works as explained . No problems . Would buy again . Arrived on time and was in good shape . Packaging was just right .
 What can one say about a piece of plastic ? It is as advertised , covers the hole , and keeps weather out . Does exactly what it is supposed to do .
 I bought this short shifter for my 240sx and , once delivered , set out to find a way to install it myself . I am glad that I did not try anything myself.This product is amazing , but unless it is a replacement for a comparable item , go to a shop to get it installed as there is drilling involved from the underside of your car.Otherwise , when I started driving with this in , I felt like I was driving a new car . It felt cleaner , shifted smoother , and was more enjoyable to drive . I did a lot of research before buying and everything that everyone said was that B&M ; was the way to go , so I chose them , and I am glad I did . One thing that has been reported by many people is that there is a small rattling sound when you are in gear because the knob at the end vibrates and hits the sides . This is true , but only if you pay attention to it or have a very quiet car.I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with a 240sx .
 This is the 2nd time I have Purchased this product . I have installed it in 2 different motors and It perfroms flawlessly
 My Civic has had the original floor mats for about 80 thousand miles and they were looking tattered . I think floor mats in general are way over-priced , especially OEM floor mats . So I started shopping around for a good deal . I 've had these floor mats for one week now and they are slightly more plush than OEM , and fit just as good or better than OEM mats . There is no emblem or name embroidered on them . The color match for my car was perfect -LRB- black - hard to screw that up -RRB- . They did take a month for me to get them , but it was very clear it would be that long when I ordered them . I have absolutely no complaints on these .
 eplacing an old , leaky or missing gas cap will save as much as a gallon of gas every 15 days and can pay for itself in less than three months . Stant gas caps are OE style and meet or exceed all original equipment performance and safety standards . A gas/fuel cap performs three very important functions ; safety of the vehicle 's occupants , fuel economy and reduce emissions . Safety
 Bought this glove for use during winter months -LRB- mild winter , FL panhandle area -RRB- but wanted to be able to use them into spring and early summer also , and I think it was a great choice.They are warm enough for rides in temps tested as lows as the 40 's , and do n't get too hot riding in temps tested as high as mid 60 's . Fit and finish is great , and they 're all leather but not too bulky to make delicate controls difficult.I think Icon discontinued this model , and I hope the new one is as good as these .
 for friends and me ... we use em for ATVs and they work great and are accurate . good quality . 3rd one bought thus far and I 'll end up buying more in time .
 They showed up in an AC Delco box , and they fit my '97 K3500 . It 's not shown , but there 's also a 1/4 oz . pack of silicone grease included . I did n't bother changing the slide boots , and they work great . No squealing or rattling ; the brakes do n't pull or smell ; and this time , I 'll get some warning when they wear thin .
 I installed a couple of years , has worked without a hitch and installation is very simple , excellent price , one of the best on the market and at night its light makes a good show at the time of reading , I 'm quite happy with this product and recommended for cars that do not bring temperature gauges
 Install was smooth and easy . Apply caliper grease to tabs and backside of pads prior to install . Braking is smooth and quiet . Installed with AC Delco 18A1192 rotors . Can not comment on pad life at this point .
 Have a new pair of ANCRA Lites . Only Tie Down to use IMHO . Excellent product , high quality , easy to use . ANCRA is all I will purchase .
 Item was Great to Store extra items that did not fit in my Truck ... Definitely helped during my move from New Jersey to Texas !!
 This extension was great . Definitely needed because without it the original rack would be tiny . No problem putting it together .
 I drive a Dodge Durango and decided to buy a roof basket for it . I ended up buying one from Discount Ramps . While shopping , I decided it would be worth it to purchase the extension as well . The price was great and I am very happy with the extra 24 '' added to the basket . Installation was about as easy as it comes and anyone that knows how to use an allen wrench can put one together .
 Works as described . I like the low profile look to it . Seems pretty sturdy for the price .
 great product as always not quite as weighty or solid as the 10 year old cap i replaced but very solid by todays standards
 Good Radiator Cap . I 've been using Stant rad caps for years . The radiator cap is a part , a lot of people over look . No need to test it , if you think about it , just change it ... especially when you replace the radiator .
 i bought this for my Honda Metropolitan and it fits perfectly . the elastic on the bottom makes sure it does n't fly off plus on the bottom there 's a hook to make sure it does n't come off your Scooter.it 's worth the few extra dollars
 These fit my '02 TJ . My only issue is that they do n't conform to the curve of the body like the factory hinges . This leaves a bit of a gap at the corner which could collect dirt and debris . Otherwise they fit fine .
 Works perfect with wand . No smears . I like having extra bonnets , that way I always get clean results . Glad I saw these .
 Super tight fit and great replacement to a factor radiator cover . Easy to install and a must get for anyone who keeps up on the best for thier car .
 There were a lot of choices that could have worded for my S-10 but this one was a good price and less than at the local parts store and worked great .
 What more can you ask for ? You turn it clockwise and it locks on the radiator or coolant tank . Reverse the procedure and `` boom ! '' It 's off again . Magic I tell ya !! Seriously though , Stant has been making caps for many , many years . They may have invented the darn thing !! If you want cheap imported stuff look else where . Stant is an OEM supplier to multiple vehicle makers . Trust them for quality.Sounds good right ? I 'm not sure what they need me to say . It 's a radiator cap for heavens sake !! Well , go forth and replace yours . I did . Thanks Amazon and thank you Prime for shipping a $ 7 item for free.Peace
 Le cae bien al radeador de mi dodge ram 1500 slt 2007 motor v8 4.7 quad cab ... ... .
 Good car compass for the money . Does n't bounce around as much as some others -LRB- movement well damped -RRB- . Inadequate compensating magnets -LRB- true of some others as well -RRB- , so that the mounting position has to be as far as possible from other metal or magnetic influences . Compensating magnets adjustment screws are in BASE of compass , making adjustment difficult.Custom Accessories 18100 Sport Compass
 Wiper blade fit perfect on my Jeep , and is much better than the original factory installed blade . Even works perfectly during the winter in Cleveland !
 Great Service . Product color is off . Picture shows pink but key chain delivered is purple .
 Ordered this to replace one I had lost . It was a very sentimental key chain ... as funny as that is . It was just as I expected .
 I have three of these for my different sets of keys and they are really out-standing -- you never have to worry which set of keys are yours !
 We Bought this for our supergirl , and to match her floormats in her teggie . All reasons were successful . she loves this high quaitity key chain . glad we found this for her .
 I wanted an easy to find key chain , and this surely is that . I like the shape , the color , and the idea of it . The only down side is that it 's heavier than might be convenient , but that 's just a personal perspective . Fun for grown up ladies as well as girls .
 My daughter loves it.Pretty pink colors . Not heavy . So far it has not fallen off her bookbag . Holds up good .
 I purchased this one for me , and the black and silver for my boyfriend . Both are nice , seem to be heavy duty , and will last . Not purple , like another reviewer said , mine was pink just like the picture .
 Almost everyone today is a super mom or person and when I saw this I immediately wanted to give it as a special gift to a very special friend and since there first initial of there name happens to be with an S they were thrilled and said they felt so special and added it onto there key chain immediately . A great gift and it brings a smile to the face of the person getting it
 I just bought this on a whim to have a filler for an order . This is a great quality key chain . NOT some cheap plastic . Worth the money spent !
 An excellent key chain for the Super Girl in your life . Very nice addition to anyone 's key collection .
 Durable and sturdy keychain . Also has great detail . If you 're a supergirl or superwomen like me you 'll love it !
 The item works as expected . . Ca n't use the smaller gage for anything over 50 PSI . . Do n't expect any detailed manual . . product works with my town & country van , honda Civic lx , and dodge truck ...
 I actually bought this to test engine cylinder pressure . Since it 's not designed for that application , it was a little tricky to get it to work , but once I figured it out it worked great . The best part was the adapters that were included ended up working for what I wanted to do , so I did n't need to buy any extra fittings . I would recommend this product .
 I installed the boa keyless entry system in my 03 Honda Civic 6 years ago . It took me a little over an hour to do . I have not had one problem since I installed it . I recommend this system to anyone that has a little wiring knowledge . I will say that if your battery dies and your remote stops working . Disconnect the positive cable on your battery , after about 20 secs reconnect it . Turn your key on to the second detent . Hold the program button until the headlights flash . its that simple !
 I am a fan of Bosh blades , and these do the trick . They work very well .
 These blades are a copy of the brand Valeo who has had this style of blade when before Bosch ever made them . These and the Valeo 's are the best wiper blades I have ever used and I would never go back to the old style . I had my last set of Valeo wiper blades installed for almost two years and they were still working perfectly when I sold the car . You can buy the Val , eo blades at Tirerack dot com for $ 19.95 each BUT it 's buy one get one free so for about $ 10 for each blade , they are a steal . They will last you for a long time compared to the older style of blades . These type never streak , never squeak and are simple to install . You 'll never use any other blade if you try these . That I promise !
 Bought this to replace OEM radiator on 2000 4Runner . Arrived in timely manner an in perfect condition with no damages to cooling fins . Initially had problems aligning the mounting holes but resolved this by taking off side brackets on radiator and mounting them first to match up with mounting holes on vehicle . Then I just slid the core portion back in and bolt it to properly space the radiator . Be careful taking bolts off the mounting bracket because they can easily strip the plastic retainers that suppose to keep the nut in place . If that happens , then you 'll have a bolt that keeps spinning along with the nut and you 'll never get it off . The drain plug is a little on the cheap side . DO NOT over tighten it or you 'll never get it off without breaking it . I might check to see if the original plug will fit and replace it with that . Its been almost a month since the install and everything appears to be fine so far . Ca n't beat the price ...
 Cheap insurance against the &#34; Strawberry Milkshake &#34; Easy DIY swap . Need 11 more words to post ! Just buy it will ya !
 These braces made it easy to install the SuperSprings . They went on easily and work well .
 I purchased this over a year ago & it still looks great . Holds up & I get compliments on it .
 I like this purchase . It looks great on my car . It has n't rusted or anything . I would recommend this product , for anyone who has an interest for a car acessory .
 This helmet was actually purchased by accident , but consider that a nice surprise . It fits , it 's airy , and the quality is great . It goes great with my Kill Bill bike wear : - P
 nice covers and they fit my daughters `` NEW '' Beetle ... nice fabric/neoprene , easy to wash ... shipped on time , and well packaged . .
 This fuel filter was a perfect replacement for the factory filter . My only comment is that it looks completely different than the picture in Amazon . I ordered it based on the model number , which turned out to be correct .
 Excellent quality . Fits my CX 500 just like the Honda filter . Better qualty and price than the WIX 24938 .
 This filter is the correct filter for an ' 04 - '07 Rancher 400 AT . It even comes with new replacement o-rings , unlike many of the other , more expensive filters.UPDATE
 Good Filter , I will know more after I change it to see how it performed .
 When your 4.6 Litre Ford/Mercury/Lincoln 's Check Engine Light comes on and you get a PO401 or PO402 code -LRB- or both -RRB- , there are several possible causes -- and this EGR Vacuum Solenoid is one of them.The PO401 and PO402 codes indicate a problem with the exhaust gas flow through the EGR System -- and often indicates a `` blockage '' in the EGR passages.To check the EGR Valve , apply vacuum to the fitting on top of the EGR Valve when the engine is warmed up and idling . If the engine coughs , runs rough , or dies when vacuum is applied , the EGR Valve is GOOD , and the EGR passages are NOT BLOCKED.Either the EGR Vacuum Solenoid -LRB- this part -RRB- is bad , or the DPFE Sensor has failed.The original DPFE Sensor has a metal base that has been revised to eliminate blockage problems . The new design is plastic and runs MUCH cooler , so the replacement should last forever . They can be tested , but I chose to replace BOTH the Solenoid and the DPFE Sensor at the same time , just to save time and duplication of efforts.Both parts are available at Amazon.com -- speedy delivery , and at great savings , too.After installing the new parts and setting the fuel pressure , the Mercury V-8 idles silky-smooth and has a plenty of hill-climbing power -- and no more `` Check Engine ! '' light in my face !!
 Sometimes we gals just have to do it ourselves in order to `` git ` er done . '' And this was totally affordable , came zipping right into my hot little hands -LRB- thank you Amazon -RRB- and badda bing , it 's was installed by my handy neighbor who had the right tool for the horizontal stabilizer . No charge for his labor , but did cost me a batch of cookies . I can handle cookies , and I can buy parts . GO AMAZON !
 A little Do it your selfer so you can save a little money instead of paying someone else to do it . It works as advertised , ca n't complain . And it got my car clean .
 Right well it 's brilliant , apply , tap it on , and smooth it . Use it a bunch.Lasted me all season , half + left .
 You ca n't beat this unit for the price . It looks and acts the same as the original when it was new . I give it two thumbs up .
 We have a Toyota Tacoma and i was very nervous about buying the seatcovers on line because i was worried they would not fit . Not a problem , they fit perfect , look great .
 Works great on a 1998 Golf . No cable , but that was expected . Works well for what it is , a gas cap .
 This is closed tie on fuel tank better than original one . there is no gas could escape.It 's great price too .
 Quite an amazing thing really . You put this on , and the gas stays in your tank ! Screwed right on and has n't given me any issues . Much better than the crumbly rubber of the stock one .
 The old gas cap from my 2001 VW Golf was leaking air , so caused the `` check engine '' light on . After replaced it with this Stant 10835 gas cap , started the engine a few times and drove a few miles to let the system reset , that annoying `` check engine '' light just gone for good . If I had gone to the dealer for the `` check engine '' light problem , that is a $ 150 service just to read the code and another $ 50 for a VW original gas cap . This gas cap solved my potential $ 200 problem . Glad that I did research around for the possible causes of `` check engine '' light before I pull my car in the dealership . Great gas cap with good price .
 Fits perfectly . There 's nothing cheap about this item - it 's not like the one that came with the car but it does exactly what it 's supposed for less than $ 10 . In my book , perfect .
 I borrowed my sister 's car , and when I filled it up with gas , I forgot to put the gas cap back on . I drove off without it , and it 's probably sitting somewhere on the side of Highway 238 . The check engine light came on , so I stopped at the local auto parts store to buy a replacement . They did n't have one , so I found one here at Amazon . The gas cap does exactly what it 's supposed to do - cap the gas tank .
 bought this for my boyfriends audie and it fits perfect works perfect would recomend this to others actual audie gas caps can be spendy
 I have a chronic issue with driving off without my gascap , I probably do so about once every three months . I always purchase Stant caps because of the affordability and the fact that they just plain work for capping my gas tank . With a little bit of ingenuity I have this cap attached to my car now , so it -LRB- should -RRB- be the last cap I need to purchase for my Jetta.Also , do n't solely trust Amazons recommendations on whether are part will fit or not , check with the manufacturer first .
 Perfect fit for my 2000 Audi A6 ... . Went to inspection the day after I installed it and it passed my emissions leak immediately ! Great , thanks !
 Not a ton to say here , its a gas cap and significantly cheaper on Amazon than other more VW oriented stores . Fits just fine on my 2000 VW Jetta . Only thing missing -LRB- and the reason for one star short -RRB- is some easy way to connect a rubber leash to it like the original . \ Peter
 Was shipped immediately and arrived at my door in less than a week . Standard Shipping . Very good price , and the product is solid . I know it 's just a Fuel Cap , but it certainly met all of my expectations .
 My check engine light came on a while ago , and when I got my oil changed they said it was because of some kind of pressure vacuum something or other . But the point is they said it 's most likely the gas cap . I replaced it with this one , and the light is off now . What a great price for a check engine light solution ! Oh , and even though it does n't have a cord like the factory one did , I just drilled took the tether off the old one , and drilled a hole into the cap of about the same size . Go with as small a hole as you can so the cord will be on tighter . I think I used 5/32 on the drill , then took the 7/32 bit and gouged around the inside edge ever so slightly .
 Shortly after getting my Jeep Liberty , the engine light went on & I ended up spending $ 100 for the service dept. to tell me that there was nothing wrong ... but I should bring it back if it happened again . Well , it happened again & again . Luckily though , before I spent another dime , my father -LRB- also a Liberty owner -RRB- told me about the infamous gas cap trouble that causes the engine light to come on.After weeks of making sure the cap was on properly , the light came on one time & would not go out again no matter what . I finally ordered the Stant gas cap after some online research & the engine light has now gone out & stayed off.I ca n't believe that this is such a simple & cheap fix , and that Jeep service centers know about this and rip their customers off by neither replacing the cap , or telling the customers what is happening .
 My factory original gas cap for my 2009 Nissan Frontier had given out after only two years . After the service engine soon light came on , the dealer did a smoke test and found the problem was a leaky gas cap . I was told I could order the factory original for $ 60 , I declined and checked both with Stant 's website and with Amazon Automotive to see what gas cap was appropriate for my truck . The dealer had offered me an alternative $ 15 gas cap , with unknown quality and ship time . I opted to go with the Stant cap instead.The only downside of this was that I had to wait and drive around for three weeks before the engine light cleared itself . If I had purchased though the dealership , I could have had the trouble light cleared right away , and been sure that the gas cap would work . However , I was patient and thankfully the engine light cleared itself on the third week after I replaced the cap.The most important part of the fuel cap is the rubber seal . The stant cap appeared to have a better quality seal than the factory cap . As for durability , I hav n't had it long enough to find out when it will fail .
 I bought this Cap for my 2007 Dodge minivan after a check engine light came out . the code suggested to replace the fuel cap . with this new cap I rested the code and never showed up again since then . The only thing is that the cap does not have a cord attached to it .
 Ordered this item to replace original gas cap on a 2006 Miata just out of warranty and the Check Engine light had been going on . I understand that poor seals may cause this and the manual confirmed . Took care of the problem at a nice low cost . This unit did not come with a retaining loop so I recycled the one from the original cap by drilling a hole of identical size in the handle of this cap . Good as new !
 Replaced the factory gas cap on my 2008 Nissan Altima with this . The cap fits perfectly and is very high-quality . Great price for a great product .
 Good gas cap , nice large rubber sealing ring , fits perfectly . Not OEM so it does not have retaining strap , but area to drill out for attachment of OEM strap is clearly marked and I drilled it with no problem.Can ' t go wrong with this cap , and if you want to keep your existing retaining strap the drill out on the replacement cap is no problem .
 Knowing I can buy a replacement that works perfectly for such a cheap price . Although I have only lost 1 , I usually stress and am anxious about everything in life . Now , I do n't give a dang . If I lose it , I can buy another . Maybe I should see a doctor for anxiety.Bought it for a 2002 jeep wrangler se .
 Good quality material and useful warning messages written on the cap.A cord to allow the cap to hang when open would have been appreciated .
 Got rid of that pesky ` Check Engine ' light and it has never come back . I only wish it could fit into the little strap that housed the older one . Other than that I 'd highly recommend it as it does what it is supposed to do .
 Fits great in my wife 's '05 Dodge Stratus . One noticeable difference is that where the normal one would click and continue spinning , this one will stop spinning , but it stays in just fine .
 I own a 2006 Jeep Wrangler . For the longest time i had been noticing a decrease of 20-40 miles off of my usual total milage per tank of gas . I did n't think to much of it -LRB- since it is a lifted Jeep -RRB- until my CEL came on . The obd2 code said that it was a fuel/evap canister leak . I had read on some jeep forums that it was usually a loose or bad gas cap that would throw that code . As soon as I inspected the old cap , I could see that the gasket was dry and cracked . I assumed that was the problem and decided to buy a new gas cap . After putting the new gas cap on I reset the computer to clear the CEL . I 've gone through several tanks of gas and the CEL has not come on since i put the new gas cap on . I also have gotten back the 20-40 miles per tank that i was loosing before . I suspect I was loosing anywhere from 1-3 gallons of gas per tank due to evaporation caused by the poor seal on the old cap . Luckily it was the just gas cap causing my problems and it was a cheap and easy fix . Anyone with similar problems i would recommend trying a new gas cap first and see if it fixes your problem since it is so cheap and easy to do .
 Works great . Lost my gas cap , this fit perfect and did the job that I needed it to do . Thanks !
 I bought a used car and the one thing I did n't check before I left the lot was the gas cap . The first time I bought gas , I noticed that the cap was coming apart . I made a mental note but did n't buy a new one until the other one was almost unusable . This gas cap works great . It 's good to know that I can take it off and put it on without worrying about whether or not it will fall apart .
 The check engine light came on in my 2006 ML350 recently . I pretty much freaked out ! After I calmed down I headed down to the local Auto Zone to have them pull the code . They laughed at me , said I did n't put the gas cap on tight enough when I got gas last time , cleared the code and sent me on my way . A day later the light was back on . After some Google searches I decided that perhaps my 6 year old , subjected-to-the-Arizona-sun gas cap might have been faulty so I ordered this one on Amazon . After all , a new gas cap is the cheapest fix around . And I 'd rather try that before heading to the dealership where the bill will certainly be in the high 3 figures . My Prime membership got the new gas cap to me in 2 days flat - I love you Prime , I really , really do . I swapped the old gas cap for my shiny new one , screwed it on tight and headed back to Auto Zone one more time to have that pesky Check Engine light cleared . And I have n't been back since . This gas cap is a perfect replacement at a phenomenal price - other online sellers were at least $ 10 higher .
 Fit our Jeep perfectly . Hopefully this time I do n't put it on the roof at the gas station and drive off !
 I DRILLED A HOLE IN THIS CAP TO INSTALL THE STRAP - LIKE FACTORY ORIGINAL , JUST BECAREFUL NOT TO DRILL TO DEEP OR TO WIDE , THE PLUG , MUST BE FORCED IN TO MAKE A GREAT SEAL , AND IF YOU DRILL TO DEEP , YOU WILL WASTE YOUR MONEY . FOR THE PRICE AND A LITTLE KNOW HOW YOUR CHECK ENGINE LIGHT WILL GO OUT !!
 Very good . Make sure it is fit . I have Nissan Sentra 2001 . My Service Engine soon light was on . When i changed the old gas cap with this Stant 10838 Fuel Cap , the light turned off after 10 minutes . So I resolve my problem with this cap .
 I was concerned about ordering an aftermarket cap , I have heard that they do not seal correctly . That is wrong , this has been a great product and soon after install my Check engine light in my truck stopped lighting -LRB- It was lit for leakage of factory cap -RRB- . Overall this products works exactly like it should and I would spend this price over what an OEM price any day .
 I accidentally lost the gas cap from my 2007 Dodge Caliber . I was originally considering purchasing a unit that had a lock , and another that had special valve that would allow you to keep the cap on . Unfortunately these items both seemed to have failure issues based upon reviews here . I just needed something that works without fail , and this gas cap does the trick . It does n't have any bells or whistles , but it works like it 's supposed to . You ca n't really ask for more than that .
 perfect replacement gas cap for my 2003 dodge durango all though it did not solve the problem i got it for -LRB- vaccum leak in the lines -RRB- i now keep it in the trunk as a spare .
 This is exactly as advertised and I love it . It leaves the passenger seat open and slips readily around to side or back when there is a passenger , has lots of pockets of various sizes , accessible , holds what i need for long drives cross country or for driving around town . Good buy .
 Well made organizer to keep your seat free of clutter . Hangs from the headrest and is easily swung behind the seat when needed for a passenger .
 I travel a lot and this comes in very handy . I have a Place for everything I need with all the compartments very easy to reach . I like it very much . I wish it was easier to swing away , when you have a passenger , and need to have it moved to the back of the seat . The shipping and the price were very good
 now that i see this bag in action , looks pretty butch which is not what i was going for . BUT it does have function !
 I have needed one of these organizers for quite some time . After getting this , I do n't know why I did n't sooner ! It holds everything
 This car organizer is perfect , love all the pockets and side areas to place water bottles . If you want to get more organized in your car , I would suggest this product .
 I love this car organizer , so I glad I spent a few more bucks for this one . I 'm an itinerant teacher so I spend a lot of time in my car and this is perfect for finding anything from an umbrella , Tylenol , or a nail file . You can fit so much , and it 's great being able to just swing it to the back when I have a passenger .
 I drive a smaller car and this is useful for having extra stuff at hand . My only complaint is that the bottom does n't cinch down , so the organizer swings on quick starts and stops .
 This product hangs from the headrest posts on passenger seat ... has lots of pockets ... wish a few of them were a little deeper , but OK as is ... has two bottle holders , one on each end , which work well , but will make unit unbalanced if only one bottle is used ... really like this organizer , and would buy again .
 The organizer was the right size for my needs -LRB- drive alone with dog -RRB- . My comments -LRB- along with others -RRB- are that the bottle holder and the pockets need to be bolstered with stronger material .
 Received this item quickly and in great condition . The size and color is perfect for my everyday travel needs . Pockets are just the right size .
 I keep snack , notepad and pen , gloves , water bottle , all at my fingertips . And I can quickly flip it to hang on the back side of the seat if someone rides with me . Its great not having to gather up all the stuff that would typically be covering the passenger seat .
 This is a great product and is easy to have in place and then turn it around quickly for a passenger .
 I have looked for a car organizer that holds magazines , sunglasses , pens , DVDs , bottles , etc. and this is the one . I still have room to put things on the car seat -LRB- unlike other organizers that sit on the seat -RRB- and if I have a front seat passenger , I can just flip this around to the back without the effort of having to put a larger seat top organizer in the back seat or the trunk . My car stays neat and I can still see everything in the organizer . Can I say I love this product again ?
 Bought this for my husband who travels virtually every day for work . When he rents a car he can simply move this from one car to another without losing or forgetting anything . It also keeps everything right next to him and when he has clients on board he simply turns it around to the rear of the seat .
 I work in home health care and this product is so excellent for storing items . Easy to access or move around for a passenger to sit in the seat . Items do n't fall out or roll around onto the front floor like they used to . I put snacks , file folders , water bottles , car chargers , computer cords in it . Does n't waste space !
 My son has a loft bed and we had trouble finding an appropriate organizer for all his things , so we found this car organizer fit the bill . It secures to his bed rails and he is able to reach everything he needs , the pockets are a good size with room to spare .
 I 'm thrilled with my new car organizer . No more do I have to spend time picking up all the little items and putting them into my back seat when taking on a passenger . No more do my items fall between the seats and become lost . Now when I take on a passenger , it 's so easy just to flip the car organizer to the back of the seat . I also love the fact that I can easily find my cell phone when it rings . Plus I can locate my water bottle ; it 's within easy reach and no longer do I loose it when taking corners and having the bottle roll off my passenger seat ! When vacuuming my car all the little items are in one place and the organizer , again , swings out of my way.This car organizer is such a clever idea ; I wish I had purchased it years ago ! You 'll love it !!
 Overall this is an awesome buy - I got it really inexpensively -LRB- got ta love amazon ! -RRB- and it fits perfectly in the car . I 'm hoping it 'll help the state of my boyfriends car -LRB- it was kind of a joke/hint but also useful birthday present -RRB- so we shall see if it stands up to the test!The only thing I wish that were different about is the lack of trash bag . I was getting another set separately that came with one , but it was discontinued by the supplier I was buying from . This little rig has some nice handles on the sides though , that if you 're creative with a couple caribeaners or something you can fix a plastic bag on yourself , but it 's just not as easy access as if it 'd been made to have one attached.Great overall though !
 When I received the product , I was disappointed in the fabric it is made of . It is basically plastic over cardboard . None the less , I purchased , might as well use it . It is very convenient to have in the front seat . It is difficult to place or remove bottled water from the mesh pocket , I usually perform this at a red light . It does fit a standard manila size folder in the back pocket . The handles are great , the when loaded , THIS THING IS FRAGILE ! In trying to rotate it for the first time , the driver side handles began to rip . My advice , either load it lightly or be mindful to support the bottom when rotating .
 Someone walking by my truck apparently realized what a handy little item this is and stole mine , so I 'm back to buy a replacement . Durable , convenient , versatile and reasonably priced
 This product works well for keeping items close at hand when driving by attaching it to the front seat but also swings easily to the back seat when you have a passenger .
 I got this because I was tired of things cluttering up my cupholders . I already have a visor organizer for cards and a pen and such , but the miscellaneous junk was just getting annoying.This does what it says , but there 's nothing that really stands out about being great . The side cupholders are annoying since they do n't hold their shape so using them for anything other than a cup can be a pain . The rest of the compartments suffer a similar problem , just no real shape to them until you put something in them . I would 've preferred something a little more rigid as far as the storage spots went . And the larger parts do n't have a full divider in them , so using them for smaller things , you may end having put something on one side and having to dig it up out of the other.But for the price , it does function . Easy to flip around the back of the seat , and not intrusive when you have it on the front of the passenger seat . I would 've only given it a three star rating , but the price is low enough that while `` you get what you pay for '' , it 's certainly more usable than some of the others I 've seen in this price range .
 I average 3,000 miles per month , and my car is usually a disaster zone . This is PERFECT ! I can actually SEE my front seat , and my center console is even visable as well . Keeps everything you need easily accessible and out of the way . Love it !
 This does exactly what I need it to do . It keeps my seat clean , it holds all my crap , and it 's easy to move when I need to . I can fit books , journals , drawing pads , pens , pencils , kleenex , sunscreen , paper ... . everything I used to have cluttering up my seat , into it 's pockets.Love
 If you travel a lot like I do this is a must own.I am always on the road for work and travel and used to have things everywhere on the passenger seat.This item helps me stay organized and keeps my car looking nice and neat .
 Bought one a couple years ago . It comes in handy . Very well designed organizer . I just bought another for wife 's car .
 I needed a way to occupy my kids on a long car trip , so I purchased 2 of these organizers and filled them with crayons , markers , colored pencils , travel games , a clipboard -LRB- that they could decorate with stickers -RRB- with notepaper ... the sky is the limit ! You could put snacks and drinks too . It worked perfectly ! They were so excited for the sun to come up so they could get started using all their stuff . It clips and unclips easily to the seat with a sturdy clip and is also easy to tighten/loosen . It holds LOTS of stuff without ever falling out .
 I had been looking for something to de-clutter my front passenger area , so my passengers don ; t always have to move stuff from the floor and seat when they get in , and this is it . Since my console only has one cup holder , the mesh cup holder is nice , but a little short . The hard plastic -LRB- ? -RRB- backing inside the organizer was a lot stiffer than imagined , and feels sturdy . I have n't filled the pockets yet , but I imagine they will fit just what I need them to to free up some space in the passenger seat . The organizer hangs straight down when it is flipped back ; there is no strap to hold it flat to the seat like other products , but I do n't mind . It flips around easily too , and attaches just as easily .
 This organizer is an efficient way of utilizing the space in an unoccupied passenger seat . Everything is kept at a level that is convenient to reach for the driver while driving . What I love about the organizer is that you can swing it away when the passenger seat is needed . The pockets are well spaced and the seams seem rugged enough that they will stand up to long term use . I recommend it to anyone who wants a place to stash all the miscellaneous in their car .
 Just the right size , actually a little smaller than I expected but this works well because it does n't dangle too far down and obstruct access to the area behind the seat -LRB- see uploaded photo -RRB- . The compartments are just the right size and organized in a way to make it easy to access the contents from the passenger seat -LRB- in our configuration , it 's behind the drivers seat , facing backwards -RRB- . It feels well made and of quality materials .
 I got this for my husband who works as a pizza delivery driver to help keep his front passenger seat free from clutter while working , so he could set his deliveries on the seat . Great product ! Reccommend to any driver !!
 Made well , does what I wanted it to do . I use it to hold note books and other materials I use for my job .
 As one of the other reviewers pointed out , this is not an expedition quality product . It is made to use on the inside of a car , for relatively light duty . As such , it is a pretty nifty device . I am a bit of a `` car slob '' , and this thing actually helps a fair bit . At this price I would not hesitate to recommend it , and I would certainly buy another had I a need for such a thing .
 This is nice to stay organized , with easy swing around to the back if I have a passenger . Keeps my seat clear of `` stuff ''
 I LOVE this organizer ! I have a small bottle of Purell in the mesh part where the water bottle goes , a yellow lined note pad , a small calculator , pens , a small pack of Wet Ones and a tissue pocket pack . It holds so much !!! I can understand the other review about it being a little lopsided if you actually did put a water bottle in it , but I put the Purell in it and it holds up nicely and balanced . Great product !
 Not too big , not too small.Keeps all my necessary items close at hand.Easily swings to the back of the seat if I have a passenger.Very pleased .
 This product is really good quality and works SO great to hold those important things . My kids loved mine so much and kept trying to stick their things in mine so I ordered one for each kid for the back of the car . They fit very well and hold the kids items so they do n't end up on my floor !
 I purchased 2 of these for a road trip with my grandchildren and have been using them in our cars . It has cleaned up the cars and everything is easily at hand . So far , I am very impressed .
 This works excellent !!! I have to havea mini office in my car and this fitsperfectly ! Can be turned around if I havea passenger in the front seat!Well worth the money and arrived very quickly !
 It is very easy to hang and then start using , without too much trouble . Also , it is very spacious but at the same time compact enough to not get in the way . I often keep it on my back seat for putting food items , or water bottles or handy tools in it , which would spoil the back seat if they had been left on the seat .
 I have it filled with items that used to be on the seat , now should a passenger come along , I just throw it in the back seat .
 Not sure how I got along without this . Holds everything I need and just spins around when I have a passenger . Great organizer !
 I work a lot out of my car , this product helps me keep cell phone , note pad , wires , gps , ets , neat and tidy and handy when I need them . better than having all this stuff all over the front of the car .
 A little smaller and bulkier than I was looking for but useful anyway ... do n't want to spend the money to send it back so will use it .
 Nothing too surprising here - a nice convenient , organizing tool for the car . You know where to reach for something when you need it which is important for driving safety . If kept on the drivers side , this is closer to reach than the glove box making for less reaching and stretching while driving . One minor downside is you lose a bit of privacy of keeping your stuff in the glove box , which is n't really a down side as much as just a consideration when selecting this type of product for your car organizational needs . That being said , it 's easier to take out if you 're cleaning your car or parking in an area where you might be concerned about theft .
 Just as described ! Easy to use and install and hold stuff ! When your not using it you can flip it behind the seat . Great for my wife who is a nurse !
 I have a small car & it holds items that were making the car look a mess . Like water bottles , wipes , dog leash , hand sanitizer , pen & paper . All these items were all over the car . Now they 're organized . I just reach to the right & retrieve what I need , Less car clutter !
 Wish I had bought this a long time ago . Fits well in my Jeep . There are bigger organizers , but I like this one for its size and convent way everything I need is right beside me .
 I was hoping for something a little more substantial , but it does the trick . I 'd probably order a larger one if I had realized it was this size . My fault for not measuring and just &#34; eyeballing &#34; it .
 It holds exactly what I need it to . Love the bottle holders on the side . It is actually bigger than I thought . Think about a standard folder size plus about 2in on each side for bottles . I 'd say the outside two pockets are about 3 inches wide , the middles are 2in and the biggest pocket -LRB- the folder size one -RRB- is about 1-2in wide . So , it 's very fair to say it 's very roomy .
 I recently bought a new car and am trying to keep this one more organized ! This is great . It easily goes behind the passenger seat to get it out of the way if someone is riding in front . It 's usually just me and my 2 yr old so it stays in the front most of the time . It keeps all my stuff organized and I can keep extra water handy because cars do not have nearly enough cup holders ! It also holds my cell phone and bluetooth charger in the smaller pockets so they are easier to access than they were in the glovebox . Love it .
 The HighRoad Driver Organizer is so convenient and helpful for me while I 'm driving . I am a home hospice nurse and constantly driving from one house to another every day so having my snacks , water , sunglasses , pens all available right next to me in this organizer is so helpful !
 I got this a few years ago and its still sitting in my car in great condition . I am a slob . My car usually looks like a small tornado passed through it but this has helped keep things in order some of the time.By it sitting in the passenger side its easy to just put stuff in there instead of placing everything on the seat . It fits a lot of stuff so I store gloves , hats , one pocket for receipts.I like that when someone is going to ride with me , I do n't have to grab all my mess and toss it in the back . I just flip this around in one swoop and when I am solo again , I can swoop it back just as easily.I would like it if it was made of sturdier material so it would hold its shape better . Also if they had different variations of it that had different compartments so you could pick the one that would most suit the stuff you carry . Maybe one with more smaller compartments if you carry a lot of small stuff or more larger compartments if you carry bigger stuff but this sits in the middle , a balance between the two and works well . Different colors would be great as well so you could pick one the color of your seat so it could blend in and it would n't be so conspicuous . But those would be extras . Overall , it works .
 I had to drive cross country so purchased items I thought would help . This High Road SwingAway Driver Organizer did just that . I put my maps , glasses , books , and water in it , and felt easier to drive knowing I could reach them with ease . I get distracted all too easy , and worry about being a safe driver . This product allieviated those fears greatly .
 I bought these for 3 grandchildren , ages 13 , 11 and 9 , and they absolutely love them . Included a journal and color markers in each , and they were having fun planning what to fill the rest of the pockets with . Put a kid 's cup in one of the water bottle holders on the side , which is where they put their color markers , pens and pencils . Two more purchases for two more grandchildren , 11 and 9 today . They are perfect to hang on the head rests in front of them , as they hug the back of the seat , so there is plenty of room between the organizer and child . And the car stays oh so neat !
 This product has been a life changer ! As a pharmaceutical rep , I work in my car daily . The ability to easily reach and store frequently used items has been great . The best thing is that it swings to the back of the chair with ease , keeping everything in order . The only drawback is that some things are rather light -LRB- pens -RRB- and while in the reverse position , they can fall out . Yet this is so much better than having to shuffle my papers around .
 Product is as shown and material made is not cheap , but i find i need bigger so I am giving to my mother .
 I can easily get to the things I use most often while driving , as well as having an organized car . When I have passengers it easily swivels around . Great product .
 Love , love , love my Mini BUT there is n't a lot of space for storage and I like my car well kept . The solution ? The High Road SwingAway ! I keep some maps , note pad , voice recorder , coupons , tissues , microfiber cloth , mini water spritzer for quick cleanups , litter pocket and much , much more in this handy holder . If you pick up someone you easily swing it to the back without dropping anything . I really like it . I much prefer it to the door bins as everything is easier to reach and to find in the SwingAway . Sometimes simple is good and it keeps my car neat .
 Turned out to be a little smaller than I realized -LRB- but that 's my fault for not hauling out a ruler since they did list the dimensions -RRB- , but still pretty handy and makes it easy to organize stuff away all the small papers and things that inevitably clutter my car . Plus , very easy to swing it to the front and have everything in reach , or swing it back and have room for a passenger . Pockets are about the right size for packets of tissues , file folders , water bottles , small books , etc. .
 This is a great way to stay organized . It is also pretty easy to flip it around when someone sits down . Highly recommend it !
 This product is a godsend . Normally I 'm not a very neat and organized person , but having just bought a newer car it became a new goal of mine to keep this car clean . I keep it hanging from the front passenger seat and use it to store all my papers from work and various notebooks . Everything I need is within reach and all the various pockets help me keep some order to the madness . Whenever I have a passenger it easily swings to hang to the side or to the back of the seat .
 This item is awesome for my car . Everything i need right there and handy . No more putting things in the seat or lost in floorboard . Love the ease of turning it around so passenger can be seated . Thks for this product .
 I originally just bought 1 of the High Road Organizers . I hung it between the car seats of my 2 boys -LRB- 3 & 4 -RRB- . I recently purchased a second 1 and now they are hung on the backside of the front seats . They work WONDERFUL for organizing all of their road toys . They keep their leappads in there , as well as , toy cars , and whatever else they want to have while in the car . I also keep wipes in one of them for quick hands/face cleaning . I looked at the full seat organizers but did n't like the fact you could n't access the back pockets of the seats . I was also worried they would take up too much space . These fit perfect and if I need to use one , I just swing the passenger side one around to the front . Between the 2 organizers and a leak proof trashcan , my car that was once embarrassingly filthy now stays absolutely clean and clutter free !!!
 I chose this because the description showed that it could hold manila folders . It does , although it 's snug , length-wise . There 's room width-wise to add material inside the folders -LRB- about 2 or 3 '' or so . -RRB- Two of the other pockets are large enough to hold an address book or business card book -LRB- size about 8x5 '' or so -RRB- -- the smaller pockets are large enough to hold phones or mp3 players .
 Super quick delivery !! This has so much more room than I expected and is just what I was wanting . Keeps me from cluttering up my passenger seat . Wish I would have ordered it a long time ago .
 This is the handiest auto organizer EVER . It has pockets of all sizes for everything . None of my things fall on the floor anymore.Great invention !
 It was a little smaller than I envisioned but worked great for our cross country trip ! Will get another for the other seat too .
 It is nice to have everything stored away in just one place . I use it for the kids in the back seats to put their little treasures .
 Took a 1000 mile trip right after I got this ... so nice that it swings out of the way for a passenger but has everything I need handy in the front seat when it is in place . Ideal for maps , cds , coupons , etc. .
 Great item at a good price . Perfect size to hold magazines , water bottles , phones and accessories . Great for traveling . Its like adding a whole extra glove box .
 I bought this as a gift . She loves it . In fact , she 's raved about it so much that I want one now .
 I use this daily for my cell phone , water bottle , mileage log , etc. . could have maps in a pocket too . When I have a passenger I just swing it around and it hangs in he back seat space . The quality is good and its the right amount of organizing space for general purposes .
 I bought this to try to contain the plethora of toddler necessities I travel with . It is also great for a few water bottles and my mail . It 's really cut down on the number of break slides -LRB- this is my word for what happens when you break and all the crap on your front seat flies down into the foot area -RRB- I experience in a day .
 The item is as pictured and described in the product information . It 's very well constructed and just the right size .
 This organizer does its job , but dont be deceived by this picture ... not a very big organizer ... I have to put my street atlas in vertically which in turn makes the organizer lean forward due to the weight of the atlas . P.S. Cup holders not really ideal for taking drinks in and out while driving -LRB- kinda flimsy -RRB-
 The best thing I can say is that after more than a year it has stayed put . It is sitting on the transmission hump , so I expected it to fall off at some point , but it has n't . The car is carpeted , but I 'm still surprised.It is big enough to be useful , and small enough to fit into the small space we have available . The large compartment is slotted for CD cases , or can be used as a junk collector . We do the latter . ;-RRB- The smaller compartment is about the right size for sunglasses.The only negative is the cup holder . It is a one size fits all design . It works fine for some drinks , but not so fine for others . The larger heavier drinks are a bit wobbly , particularly for `` non-standard '' shapes and sizes . Cans work well . I 'm not sure why there is a notch on the side of the cupholder . It seems to make things worse for topheavy drinks . Now that I think about it , I might want to try duct tape or something and see if it helps . If I were designing it , I 'd probably skip the concentric rings as well . It probably was intended to fit fast food soda cups , but it causes the larger drinks to sit higher , increasing the wobbliness.I should n't single out these folks . It 's a pretty standard cupholder design . I have n't seen one that is truly perfect , including ones factory built into cars.If you 're worried that you wo n't like it , at $ 9 bucks , it 's worth a try . You 'll probably like it .
 With so many parts for my Mustang SVO being obsolete , it 's nice to find new near stock items still available from the manufacturer . This was a perfect fit .
 Most awesome tool ever . Easily cuts all hoses . Blade is easy to change . If your handy with a sharpening stone you can even resharpen it . Tool is `` Made in the USA '' so you know it will perform correctly ; unlike the garbage that is made in china , which is junk . Buy this tool once or get the cheaper chinese garbage one and have to buy it twice .
 Finally OE quality pads for an aftermarket price . Once past the initial break-in of the new pads/rotors , these pads have provided a very firm pedal feel and are the first totally silent aftermarket pads I have ever found . They 're worth every penny and then some .
 Brilliant for my jeep willys since this way it remains original and he needed it for the tank of the gas
 I am amazed by this entire transaction . A gas tank overnight shipped for only an additional $ 3.99 ??? And , a quality product , to boot ? I was n't quite sure what to expect when ordering an aftermarket gas tank for my e30 BMW 325 . But , the fuel tank arrived the next day , as promised , NEW , and gave my mechanic no problems during the installation . I 've been driving with this new tank in place for two months and there are no leaks or any other problems , at all . Nice job , Spectra Premium and Amazon Prime!Spectra Premium BM1A Fuel Tank for BMW
 Well , there is not much I can say about these . They do exactly what the product description says . I have had mine about half a year and use them often and they are holding up .
 it 's made in Taiwan , which is WAAAAY better than CHina . They actually make some pretty good stuff in Taiwan , always have.not sure why they do n't actually state it but FYI this is made of REAL glass . for those of you who are well aware than many cheapo products actually use a PLASTIC mirror , it 's nice to know.i did not realize -LRB- my fault -RRB- that this has a very specific mounting bracket but the picture shows it clearly so it 's my bad . i will have to get some hardware to mount it but this thing is huge and awesome .
 For the priced I paid I was expecting cheap quality , what I received was way above my highest expectations , I 'm going for more !
 This was a replacement for the chipped deflector on my daughters 2000 Explorer . I bought this used though Amazon . It arrived quickly in its original packaging , with fasteners and instructions . I only paid $ 13.85 with free shipping ! It was a perfect fit and looks great . A real bargain !
 I 've had one of these tools for a long time . Very rugged construction that will hold up to the professional environment . Accurate gauge gives you the amount of backpressure present . No guessing if some is too much . A must have .
 I orderer this thing , but still do not use , but when will need I am sure will be a useful tool , for diagnostic in plug catalytic .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 The trouble code quit causing the engine check light to come on . I 'm happy and would recommend this company to anyone looking for a discount on parts same weight as the one that came off .
 I got this for my 64 GMC pickup just to keep in the spare parts boxalways good to have a spare incase you ca n't get to the parts house
 I have used these gloves for the past two years and I have had no problems with them . Being perforated , they breath very well in hot weather . They are not meant for cold weather though . I have worn them a couple times in the 40 's and my fingers nearly froze off , but for hot weather , they ca n't be beat . My hands do not get hot and sweaty while wearing these . They are very comfortable , and have a knuckle guard built in . I need to order another pair only because my dog chewed the pinkie off one of them . I 'm 6 ' 2 180 and wear an XL .
 These are great ! The padding even helps with some of the vibration on my grips.I think maybe a fellow reviewer might have gotten a faulty pair . I use these everyday I ride -LRB- which IS everyday -RRB- and have n't noticed any stitching issues.Worth the money for me .
 I 've gone through several sets of riding gloves over the years and this has to be one the best ever ! Good fit , quality leather all around .
 These gloves are perfect for riding . They are very well made . I highly recommend these gloves if you ride a motorcycle .
 when i put on these gloves traffic stopsand i dominate the road with the mighty hands of zeus #true
 I 've used this gloves for almost 3 months now and I am very satisfied with them . As prior reviews say , this gloves form to your hands very nicely after a couple uses . The only thing missing is a connector to snap to your jacket .
 I purchased these in Oct 2007 and finally posting a review . The items were quickly shipped and arrived in good condition . They weigh approx 40lbs each , so there were some minor scratches and rub marks visible after UPS delivery . Would have been nice if they had been covered in cushion type wrap before shrink wrapping . Bottom line
 It was what I was looking for and it was the cheapest that was available . I needed five more words .
 tHE eDELBROCK CARBS ARE AWESOME . . MY BROTHER 'S 1970 COUGAR IS RUNNING LIKE NEW . gREAT FIND BECAUSE EVEN eDELBROCK ONLY HAD RECONDITIONED CARBS . . aMAZON 'S WERE NEW .
 Purchased this thinking it was a genuine Ford part , but its a knock-off with no discernable markings . Still working as it should 21/2 months later so here 's hoping it lasts.UPDATE
 These ARE the genuine article and the best replacement for cops gone bad -LRB- buh buh buh -RRB- . Replaced all the cops in my local modular 5.8 Tritan precinct and the department is cleaning up the streets now . Do n't forget plenty of dielectric grease on the boots !
 This coating worked well on a metal roof , to stop rust , seal it , and permit re-painting . Also works to stop rust and seal a dishwasher rack , to prevent further rusting.Update
 Originally , my K&N FIPK came with rubber adapters . Eventually they get hard and crack . These new ones are much nicer . They are made of silicone and their thicknesses are much smaller than the original . The diameters were a perfect fit . In fact , you could get smaller hose clamps .
 Unbeatable price for these quality discs shipped quickly and free for a 28lbs package -LRB- how do they do that again ? -RRB- . Cost at the stealer for the same is $ 130 + / each . Go for it . Installed on our 2005 Chevy Van Express 1500 work van . Really like that you can double check the `` fit your vehicle '' through Amazon feature .
 After taking everything I needed to out ! It took less than 10 minutes to get the old one out and the new one in ! I 've been driving my truck for a month and have driven about 5,000 miles ! I drive long distances and the only diffrence I noticed was the temp climbed a little when climbing a steep grade . When I installed the pump I noticed the blades on the new pump were not the same as stock . They were not as aggressive . Othere than that it has worked well ! I will update this when needed !
 I must say that I am entirely pleased and pleasantly surprised at the radiator . Best price anywhere and it was an upgraded three row core model . Car keeps it 's cool with great ease .
 I used these on my 65 mustang . These are the whole lower control arm , not just the ball joints like the description says . Look at the MOOG part number and check other websites if you do n't believe me . They are great quality and went on as they should . MOOG is supposed to be the best out there right now . Stay clear of auto parts stores brands , you 'll be replacing he ball joints sooner than you should.I also used MOOG upper control arm but bought it from Opentracker.com . He takes a MOOG upper arm and modified it with extra grease zerks on the swing bolt and may also toughen them up with extra welds , I do n't recall all the differences . He also sells roller spring perches which are excellent.These are a great buy on Amazon , I saved a bunch over the local auto parts store .
 For the price it was the better deal out there at the time . Out of the box it has a few problems the hardhat on the top is hard to get adjusted but ounce it 's set , tape it in place permanently , and it stays put so fit it to your head and keep it the same size do n't try to keep adjusting it or it comes loose . The air-adjustment valve in back was a waste , I replaced it with an inline moisture filter and regulated the pressure for the hood back at the valve on compressor end of the hose . Make your own shield inserts out of thin gauge `` Lexon '' it 's cheaper and the plastic that it comes with is to soft and pits to quickly , also make your shields just a little bit larger about 1/8 '' on both sides and it takes care of issues with sand coming through the face plate . With these modifications the hood had lasted about a year at this point with heavy use and is still working the way it should . I have been happy with it for what it is , the cost was about 1/3 of anything else of better quality , and this hood does what it needs to do for much less . Good value for price .
 Well , mine is actually their 2.5 ton `` Black Jack '' . Same specs and features except it says `` professional '' . Ooooh ! Would appear to be only a difference in paint color . Tough to rate these things new , obviously they 're going to work right out of the box , but if you 're reading this review as an un-edited 5 stars , mine is still working . Torin is a reliable brand for jacks so I 'm counting on it.Fluid lifting motion , and a very responsive valve which does n't need to be turned 3 rotations to lower like some cheapos . Carry handle would be nice since it 's still a bit small to be a straight up shop jack . Overall so far , so good.EDIT - As of mid 2012 this one has been losing pressure increasingly quickly . Yes , you should n't use this to support a load , but if you strap a tranny to this to slide it out , you should be able to count on it maintaining pressure while you unbolt the housing , etc. . This will drop several inches over an hour or two at this point . Granted it 's a cheap one , but I would have hoped for a longer lifespan than this , given the limited use it 's had . Unless you 're ready to drop $ 300 for a Hein-Werner though , this is still a viable option for the price .
 Usefully low at furthest-down position , but swings far enough to create useful clearance . Works smoothly . Quite a bargain for the occasional user !
 Needed a low profile jack to get beneath a plywood floor on a 2x4 frame . Am ripping out the floor . This jack was perfect for that job . It slid beneath the floor and when I jacked it up , it easily pulled the plywood flooring free from the frame . The jack and lifting handle come in a hard molded plastic case for easy storage . If you need a low profile jack , this is a good one to consider . The price was good and it worked easily and well .
 it is a perfect fit for my needs ... the low profile and swing fitting for the pump make it a must have for any low-rider . . and it comes in its own stow case
 I was jacking on my volvo and the radiator support is bent because the weight was focused in too small of an area , a block of wood will fix this though but , the equipment seems nice , the valve is quick also when letting weight down , just being aware if that will be enough for next time .
 Works . The only thing is ... it will not hold up something over a long period of time ... it leaks , and eventually it goes down slowly when you are not looking.Great for short jobs , but not overnight ones .
 I shopped all around for these shoes at the right price and found them here on Amazon . The quality exceeded what I thought I 'd find in my budget but proved that finding any shoes in my budget was difficult . These are easily 1/2 the money I 'd spend at local brick and mortar auto parts stores . And I actually found a local parts store that sells Centric brake parts and that validated this purchase . Hi-quality , great price , free shipping that arrived very fast . I could ask for no more .
 Worked fine in our 98 Cherokee . Be careful as both this and it 's partner -LRB- 12421.01 -RRB- are labelled incorrectly . Th 12421.02 fits the driver 's -LRB- left -RRB- side . It was described on the site as `` Fitment Notes
 there are not many choices of skidplates for the 2002 lakota , this is probably the best one . there is a mounting bracket that broke off before i even got started , but with some modification and some spacers it worked.best price was at amazon , i am happy with this product and would recommend it to others .
 I am so pleased with this item I decided to write my very first review here on Amazon . I bought this unit as an alternative when the forest service in Arizona puts a ban on campfires -LRB- quite common during our dry summer months -RRB- . We went camping last month without being able to build a fire . Although we managed to have a nice time , it just did n't feel like camping to us . Anyways , as soon as we got home I started researching different propane campfires . The prices are all over the map and some of the more elaborate models did n't appear to recreate a `` fire '' . The thing I was most concerned with was having a nice flame . This little unit does not disappoint in that department . On its lowest setting the flame is around 6 inches or so tall with almost no hissing sound from the propane . On the high setting the flames are maybe 2 feet above the unit . I was surprised at how high the flames got ... lol . The downside to the highest setting is the hissing sound is pretty loud . As others have said the logs that come with this unit seem very fragile . The only difference between the `` campfire in a can '' and this unit as far as I can tell is the logs . The campfire in a can has logs that are molded together to look like a pile . This unit has individual logs that you stack to your liking . The molded style is better for transporting as the logs wont bang into each other as you carry the unit . I plan to individually wrap the logs to protect them from breaking during transport . So to get straight to my point ... If you want a natural looking fire and not the wimpy flames you see coming from your propane BBQ grill , buy this immediately . I hope my review was helpful for you .
 This is a fun addition to our RV . Many campgounds and RV parks do not allow open wood burning . Always a dissipointment for us as we love to sit around a natual camfire . It 's always fun to roast hotdogs and marshmellows . That 's when we break out this little firepit in a can . The unit is small with some artificial , but fairly natural looking logs ; much like a gas fireplace in your home . All you do is unlatch three latches , udjust the logs ; although we did find that the logs did n't match up well with the holes and pegs that were on them ; however it made little difference how you stcked those logs on the bottom ones . You then unwind the gas hose which is wound around the stand , under the pit and attache it by hand to a Propane tank which you can put up to eight feet away . The unit is mostly for the atmosphere . It puts out a litte heat , but it 's not going to keep you warm on a cold night . And we miss the crackling of the wood . -LRB- you can hook up your I-pod and play fire sounds -RRB- The unit overall works great . You can adjust the flame from low to high but the higher you go , the louder the hiss of the propane . We found that a medium flame was good . We bought a small bag of Rockwool and put some small pieces below the logs for the extra look of burning embers . You may be able to cook a hotdog over it , but we choose not to because it appears the grease would make a mess of the logs and they do n't look easy to clean . All in all , I think it 's a great idea and it works well . Do keep in mind that you will have to haul an extra propane tank as , even with an adapter , I do n't think it would run long on small tanks .
 The Wife wanted one of these cause we never seem to get a fire going outside the 5th wheel . Was not too sure how one of these was going to work but decided to give it a try . I like it ! It 's easy to set up , take down , and store . I use a little 5 lb tank -LRB- easy to carry around -RRB- with it and I set the flame to where you can just hear the hiss of the gas . Can get a few nights out the 5 lb tank and it 's less than $ 3 to refill . You are not going to stay warm from this thing if its 30 degrees outside but will do OK when it 's in the 60s . Works great for kids roasting marshmallows , not sure about hot dogs , but have not tried it yet . Showed it to my neighbors , they bought one too , Other neighbor is considering to as well . Construction seems fine to me , well built . Only complaint is one of the 3 snaps that hold it closed always seems to pop open .
 We travel in our Komfort trailer to many places and some RV parks do not allow firewood burning . So we thought this would be a great alternative for those locations . Although it is small , we liked the fact it would not take up much room while traveling . We tested it our with our grandkids at this one RV park so they could roast hot dogs and make Smores ! Well they loved it and grandma liked it as well ... so this grandpa made a few brownie points !!! It does put out ample heat ... but most importantly still nice to be outside and enjoying the evening air ... and yes of course `` ghost stories '' !
 Just got it in a week agowe have used it on the deck with a20 # tank . I bought an adapter fromnorthern tools to go in the 1 # small tanksIf you are going to do this Keep the smalltank standing up or liquid will getin the regulator and freeze it up.I use a base from a single burner stove tohold the tank up.We are taking it to Myrtle Beach next weekAnd I cant wait to use itTHe kids like it a lot . I have not burnedit enough to gt times on the tank . But I keepit at about 4-6 in flame . At this size it doesnot his or make any noise and should burn less gas
 All the other reviews are pretty accurate in my opinion , this is a very nice LP campfire , in a very small package !!! It makes decent flame and heat on high , but there are two tricks I havent seen mentioned anywhere.One trick is to tape over the air intake holes above the 90 fitting -LRB- or replace this drilled 1/4 '' coupler with a new one -RRB- . This stops the loud hissing many complain about when on high , makes the flame more calm , natural , seem bigger and ironically it feels hotter too . This could create some mild soot over time because the flame is `` dirty '' without a lot of air , but I dont care . I dont need to touch anything . You let it cool , wrap the hose , put the top on , and go.The second trick is to remove the 90 '' 1/4 '' elbow and using a hex wrench , screw out the restrictor . This will make a HUGE difference and your flame will be as big or bigger than you actually want .
 We have enjoyed many happy hours with this portable campfire . Just the right size for storage in the fifth wheel and is a very sturdy piece of work.Gives off enough heat to keep you warm and its pleasant flame gives folks visual entertainment . I felt the cost was right.Dont drop the logs , they are breakable.Good buy for the money .
 It is great ! Easy to set up . When there is high fire warning and we can not make a fire , we are able to use this and the kids still get to roast their marshmallows . When the kids are happy , the adults are happy !!!
 This is one purchase we do not regret . Love the Little Red Camp Fire . It is so easy to use and so nice and compact to carry in our RV . We are extremely satisfied with this product and recommend it highly .
 We have used this little campfire on our patio . Great for having a few friends over and gives enough light from the fire and a little heat too . Would not warm you much on a really cold night but so nice not to have the smoke and sparks .
 Absolutely great ! We love it . I highly recommend this for the patio or for camping . It does make a hissing noise when you crank the fire up but there is no reason to have the fire turned up so high that the hissing noise is an issue . The greatest thing is for camping there is no messy clean up compared to bringing a wood burning fire pit . I also purchased the optional valve to use for the small camping propane cylinders which I also recommend .
 Have n't used it yet , but the Little Red Campfire is just as advertised . Seems like a quality product that will be easy to use and transport . Going on a short RV trip in about a week . Ca n't wait to use it .
 I had read where others liked the Little Red Campfire -LRB- LRC -RRB- in a camping forum I frequent . I took my Little Red for a test this weekend at a nearby campground , which had a burn ban in effect due to the drought conditions . They do still allow propane fires and I placed LRC onto the metal grate over the inground fire pit at the campsite . I thought LRC may be a little too small when first examining it , but it was just right ... especially on the grate . I adjusted the flame to where it was a good height , but also to the point of where you would n't hear the gas hissing , using the gas control valve . It looked and did great , while all of my camping buddies liked it . We have one member in our group , who has sinus problems that real campfire smoke irritates to the point where he get 's sick ... so we 've been cutting back on the campfires . It 's just not the same , if you go camping and do n't have a campfire . LRC fixes that . With Little Red Campfire , you can still have a campfire , without the smoke ... as well as being able to use in places where real campfires are prohibited . After reading in other reviews where the logs can be broken , I made sure to re-wrap mine in plastic bubble wrap bags , that will hopefully protect them during transit . I really liked how everything is self-contained in one case . I would recommend this product to others and will be buying another one myself for a Christmas gift .
 We recently purchased one of these `` Little Red Campfire '' units to take camping with us up in Glenwood Springs here in Colorado . With the drought , and large amount of forest fires in in Colorado , there is a burn ban in place for the state . The only way you can have a fire is if it is generated by propane , such as the `` Little Red Campfire '' . We clarified with the Glenwood Springs Fire Dept. and also with the campground mgmt. , and they all assured us it was legal to use . Too bad it was soooooo real looking at night at the campground , because we had 8 , yes I said 8 , different people come over and start yelling at us about having a wood fire . Too bad a couple of them were to busy being beligerant for us to explain that it was propane and propane was allowed . They complained not only to park mgmt about us having a `` campfire '' , but also called the fire dept TWICE on us . The mgmt came down on the first night and said `` folks , the Fire Dept. called and said they got complaints about a campfire here , you need to get a bucket of water and extinguish it immediately '' . My reply was , `` well , I 'll just walk over here to the PROPANE tank and turn it off if necessary , but you said not 5 hours ago that propane was allowed '' . Once he realized it was propane , he instantly changed his tune and apologized . He said `` you guys carry on , and I am so sorry to bother you '' . The next day I prepared anyone I saw sitting outside by telling them we had a `` Little Red Campfire '' and it is a portable campfire that runs on propane . We only got one complainer the next night , but he said he saw the propane hose as he was walking up , and that he realized what it was . He said , `` well , initially I was coming over here to yell at you about your wood fire , but now I am going to ask you where you got it , because it is soooooooo much better than mine '' . He said that he had another popular model , but that it was n't nearly as realistic and large-flamed as ours . This unit actually puts up a good-size flame , and a large amount of heat also . I would recommend this to anyone as we absolutely love ours . It is simple to use , easily storeable due to it 's small size , and has exceeded our expectations !
 I had an image in my mind of how it would perform ... but it impressed me more than expected . I have a VW Westfalia camper van . Maximum space usage and availability are very important . The `` Little Red Campfire '' performs perfectly at the small size that it is .
 Everyone should own one of these . I bought one for my mom because she is getting a little older and lifting the heavy wood onto her fire pit was getting to be an issue . She also wanted a fire pit on the back porch , but it is not safe to have wood burning fire pits on top of wooden decks , for obvious reasons . This thing is amazing . It is easily attaches to the big propane tank we already have under the propane grill on the deck , and it is so easy to start and to adjust the flame . The ceramic logs look great and after a while they really absorb the heat , so you can turn the flame down and they put off a lot of heat like embers in a fire -LRB- they even glow red like embers -RRB- . When you are done , just turn it off , wait for it to cool , and pop the top back on and bring it inside . It is amazing . After using it twice with my mom , I bought one for myself.PROS
 Enjoy the convenience of this unit . We spend 5 months in a park that dose n't allow open wood fires . This unit allows the enjoyment of having a outdoor fire . Just great .
 I love this little campfire . We use on our camping trips on the John Day River.The hose that comes with it is nice and long so the propane bottle or tank can be placed a good 10ft away from the fire.Uses very little propane until on High.For sitting around it after dinners we set it to Med Low.Packs up into a nice small can . The price is also $ 100 bucks less then the other brands.I would highly recommend this product .
 Came in in great shape . Works very well . I am very pleased with this ! I may buy the grate for it yet .
 Just what I expected , small enough for rv travel , nice ambiance and flame , takes off the chill . Just like the reviews said it would be .
 Just got it today and set it up on our deck . The temp outside is 47 and it was great . It does put out some heat when your close to it . It was almost too hot for my wife . Granted no wind . The flames are realistic and it was fun to play with . Its nice to know when were camping this year we now have a fire I can use anywhere and at any time , Rain or shine , morning or night with out poking a fire or getting smoke in my face all the time . Worth the $ 100.00 bucks .
 Wish it were a little bigger , but does provide a fair amount of heat . Hooks to attach the lid keep catching on the bottom , and it is a little annoying .
 A light weight little camp fire that can be used in open-fire retricted areas . Hook it up to your BBQ propane cylinder and away you go for ample warmth during a night of scary camp fire stories.I purchased this at a great price as a Lightening Deal but would recommend to anyone who camps or just likes to spend time outdoors on a chilly evening .
 when the time or place does n't allow for a real wood fire . Performed above expectations . Very portable and adjustable , from a low ambient fire , to and a full heat and cooking fire .
 We have a larger fire pit but hate to have the smell of wood burning on our clothes and in our hair all night . This is a nice size for us to store in our RV .
 This little campfire is much better than expected , we used it in an area where we were basically camping in the grass at a ski area , was awesome to have a fire where there were no campfires allowed .
 I bought this for the cabin since there is a fire ban for wood fires , but gas fires are okay during the summer months . Also , in town we can not have an open fire going any time of the year . The fire pit works great and produces a good flame . The heat out put is good for when it is chilly out . The only drawback is that I needed to get a new propane tank , since mine has inside threads and not the new outside threads . Besides that I think that it is a good product and would recommend it to others . I do like how the lid locks on to be able to carry it from place to place .
 I would have to say I 'm pretty impressed with this gadget . It 's small , but is very convenient and you do n't smell like smoke afterwards ! It stores nice ! I wish it had a 12 foot hose instead of the 8 foot hose , but all in all I would get it again and recommend it .
 I have purchased two different unit before . One at camping store and one at Hardware store . This unit preforms so much better than either one of the others . They lasted two years each and I am in the first 5 months on this one . good buy .
 This was a great purchase for us and our RV . We really do n't want to carry wood , but the idea of a campfire , so that we -LRB- and the grandkids -RRB- can have our marshmellow roast , is all part of the camping experience . And , there are RV resorts that do n't allow real campfires so this works great ! And , puchasing this from Amazon actually saved us $ 20.00 ... : > -RRB- -LSB- ASIN : B000O51VJ0 Camco 58031 RV Olympian Propane Camp Fire -RSB-
 Due to the recent firewood restrictions a fire is n't always possible or you have to buy wood from local vendors , which can become expensive . This portable gas fire can is just the ticket to keep the campfires burning . The ambiance is there without the smokey smell that sometimes permeates your clothing . And when you are ready to call it a night , you just turn it off . There is no waste or mess . Let it cool off and put the cover on and you are good to go . Works just like described .
 Bought this little unit when the forest service shut down campfires . Works great . Two drawbacks of it is the hiss when it is on high along with the soot that forms on the logs . It can cook a hot dog and marshmallows . Just takes a little longer . Cant wait to use it in the back yard when we want an escape from the day to day doldrums . I would def recommend it .
 This product worked extreamly well for us on a recent camping trip . The only way it could be improved is to make it a bit larger .
 I first saw this unit at the motorhome resort in Newport , Oregon where we own a lot . A friend had purchased this , placed it inside a large ceramic pot with rocks filling about half of the pot , then the Little Red Campfire , then some extra lava rock . Very neat adaptation . It is not like a roaring bonfire , but it does add wonderful ambiance , and does provide some heat on a cool evening . I bought one for myself , and just place it in the middle of my picnic table at the resort . That works great as well . You do n't even need to crank it up all that much to get a nice amount of extra warmth . You just ca n't be all that far away from the unit . I love sitting outside in the evening on the Oregon coast , but nights do get chilly there , even in summer . You still want a jacket , but his device definitely takes the edge off the cold air.I now have a 2nd unit for my home patio in Arizona . Nights there can be pretty nippy as well . I can either put it in the middle of a patio table , or on the floor of the patio with chairs around it . I may duplicate my friend 's creation by using a larger ceramic pot to house the unit . We can lower the shades we have all around our patio to keep out excessive wind and be very comfortable . I 've found that , when placed on a table , and at a somewhat lower setting , you still get a good amount of radiated heat without excessively depleting your propane tank . You just want to shield the unit from wind , which will fan the flame towards some and away from others . Keeping the flame as upright as possible distributes the heat more evenly , and you get a better `` bonfire like '' effect . Crank it up as much as you like for effect!I also like to go on short camping trips with a group of friends here in Arizona . We all have small travel trailers , so it 's not exactly `` roughing it '' . The Little Red Campfire will be a great tool for these outings . You can safely set the unit on almost anything , with 4 to 6 people around it , and enjoy the benefit . Besides , firewood is not that easy to come by in the Arizona desert ! Just do n't expect too much from a small , portable unit , but I think you will be impressed with what it can do . It 's hard , if not impossible , to improve on a nice wood burning bonfire , but this unit will definitely give you a modest , but effective , option.By the way , I can not determine any benefit from acquiring the competitor unit -- `` Campfire In A Can '' . It 's nearly identical , as best as I can tell , and considerably more expensive . The only concern I have about the Little Red Campfire is durability , but I see no reason why this unit wo n't last a long time . It 's affordable , portable , versatile , and reasonably effective . I think it 's a winner !
 This is amazing . It puts out more heat than we actually thought it would and we were able to roast marshmellows and hot dogs during our summer camping trips . It is easy to store and use we love it !
 This small , portable propane campfire is great and is rated safe for fire restricted campgrounds . We tried it out last night and found that the heat the unit put out , while not as much as a roaring wood fire would be , was acceptable . Granted it was not cold last night , but with the adjustable flame it will do the job . I would recommend this item.Camco 58031 `` Little Red Campfire '' RV Olympian Propane Camp Fire
 This campfire in a can is awesome . Took it to Maine camping . One night it rained . At night we were the only campers with a fire due to everyone had wet wood . Worth every penny . Also this is great for campers who cant use wood at some campgrounds . Plus so much cheaper to use propane . One tank last us almost a full week .
 Purchased because the campground I do most of my camping at does n't allow wood fires at the site . Campings not camping unless you can sit around a fire at night ! Nice small campfire . It sits a little low to the ground so I build a small brick stand for it to sit on . The hose is plenty long enough to safely keep the grill sized tank away . Nice fire even at the lowest setting . I 've only had a fire for two nights , so I ca n't tell how long a tank will last ... but on the lowest setting it seems like it will last for quite a while . The cover holds everything in place and its great for the limited storage of a smaller camper . Since it 's a hard cover you can stack other items on it with no worries . Great purchase !
 We have camped during the Thanksgiving holiday the last 35 years with friends and family usually at a campground that allows wood fires . This year we tried another location not allowing wood fires and purchased this portable fire as the alternative . Boy , did it do the trick ! We had at least 10 people sitting around the fire , keeping warm , and roasting marshmallows for smores . We are extremely happy with the product and will be purchasing another for our daughter 's birthday in January .
 Not one to write reviews I just had to say something about this propane fire place . We just spent two weeks on the outer banks of North Carolina . Two campers facing opposite ways so our awnings and doors opened to each other so we had an area of about 14 ' by 16 ' that was covered by the awnings of the campers and every evening as it got dark this little fireplace was lighted to provide light and warmth . I have to say it was perfect , as we all sat around it and talked and it provided enough light and heat that made everyone want to be around it . It is adjustable so it could be turned up for more heat or down for less . No need to collect firewood , get rid of ashes , worry about cinders shooting out of it . It makes a fire that is so real looking that people that would stop by would n't realize that it was propane . We had a 30lb propane tank and we estimate that we used it for about four hours every night for at least ten nights and the tank feels like its about empty ... well worth the times we had around it . Our friends in the other camper said they will order one when they get home .
 My first opinion was the fire is too small , but after using it and cooking marshmallows the size is fine . We carry it in an RV and the portable arrangement with a cover is perfect . Best of all no smelly campfire smoke ! I had been price watching this for over a year . When I saw it under $ 100 I bought it , and no regrets .
 There are enough reviews that I guess I do n't need to bloviate , but I had some concerns before I bought it , and I 'll just address those : It 's well made . It 's not a cheap toy , it 's heavy and sturdy , and I ca n't see it breaking in normal use . The logs are delicate , like all similar fireplace logs , and they might not survive a lot of travel . The metal parts though , no worries.It can put out a bunch of heat , in fact , the flames can be turned up to the point of dangerous , as in 3 feet above the top of the unit . With a little wind , you could burn down a village . It also sounds like a jet taking off at that level , so you will probably be willing to keep it down to a whisper at the campsite.I also bought the grill that attaches above the logs , it 's also well made and sturdy , though you would n't put your food directly on the grill . Use a pan .
 This item is great for your outside fire 's . They are safe and most area 's you can use when fire are prohibited .
 Little Red Campfire is a big step down from real a wood campfire . With fire bans during droughts or firewood transport bans in Minnesota . This is a nice option to NOT HAVING A FIRE . Provides light and flame , no smoke , embers or smell of a campfire.Hissing gas is a bummer when flame is turned up , better than nothing ! Protect the fake or faux logs , brittle ceramic logs made in China , another bummer - no replacement logs available ! ****** Watch out for gas leaking from swivel at the black knob n hose to tank . Our first had bubbles when sprayed with soap solution , tightening more did not help . Just got the replacement from Amazon , hope it does not leak too ! Time to hit the road ...
 Works great , can use when ther is a fire ban , or you do not have fire wood
 Bought this little fire so i could quit buying and carrying wood in the camper . Took it too Tahoe for a 7 day test run it did great hooked to a 5ga propane tank ran everynight for hours medium high we brought home half a tank of propane , Logs are very delicate i wraped them in socks to protect them I think this stove is gon na be fine . gave off a lot of heat for its size . Im gon na get an adapter for the 5ga tank for my cookstove and a lantern and quit carrying those disposable tanks this thing so far is a winner .
 This propane portable campfire is great ! We love it ! Very portable , just 15 lbs and takes very little space in the bin . Great to be able to have a fire in just a few minutes , and even better to be able to shut it down instantly and go to bed without worrying about hot embers . Can be hooked up to your main motorhome LP tank with adapters and additional hose . It does use lots of propane on high , but not bad on lower settings , still with good heat output and no smoke to burn your eyes like real campfires . Even better yet , you do n't leave the fire ring with your clothes smelling like a campfire . The cost of the propane is a good trade off for not having to buy and tote wood . Now with the insect problem in wood , most campgrounds do n't allow you to bring in wood from outside of the area . This item solves that problem too .
 Due to drought conditions in many places we camp , ground fires are not allowed . This little propane campfire is just great . We finally got to use it on July 4th and made S'Mores on it . Plenty of heat to toast the marshmallows and it really does look like a real fire ! Great fun .
 We booked a campsite on a beach knowing they did not allow campfires -LRB- wood-burning -RRB- . What is camping without a campfire though ?! This little red campfire was perfect for our needs ... and totally legal in a fire-restricted campsite!A little on the small side , but that only made it easier to carry , set up , and pack in the car . Other reviewers mentioned it does not put out any heat -LRB- which was not a concern for us -RRB- , but we found that it put out a little warmth - perhaps not so much if you are camping in cold weather though.We really enjoyed the ease of use and the `` campfire '' ambiance this little fire provided . Smores came out perfectly , and campfire stories were hilarious - Much better experience than sitting around a lantern or a few candles after sunset !
 Just awesome ... good heat and flame is adjustable . buy the cook top and it is a stove ... awesomecheap and well made . . highly reccomended
 Bought it 2 months ago and it 's the greatest ! Our campground does n't allow campfires with wood for safety reasons , but this is terrific . It 's small but that 's the beauty of it . After it cools down , we pack it in our compartment below and there 's no mess . Several people asked us where we got it . You wo n't regret this purchase .
 I purchased this because in Oregon you ca n't have open campfires during the summer in wild/scenic and other outback areas . The unit worked well . It 's pretty small , but still throws a good ring of fire ... enough for 7 folks to sit around after dark in the glow of something other than a lantern . The logs are a bit cheesy , it seems like they will break easily , but they did last through 4 days getting loaded on/off a raft . The best feature is the lock down lid , not having to keep this thing in a cloth bag . We just tied on top of our barge load .
 This is an awesome little product . We just spent a month camping in Florida and due to the dry conditons we could not have a campfire . My wife was disappointed until I got this little devil fired up . Awe , peace on the home front !
 With our new Little Red Propane Camp Fire we had a 4 day camping trip to the High & Dry Bluegrass Festival in Bend Oregon this weekend . Everyone loved the way our fire looked and as the evening chill arrived , it actually helped keep us warm . I placed 5 large rocks in a circle around it to give it more of a campfire look . As folks walked by I overheard several comments about `` I thought campfires were n't allowed . '' Eventually the man from the fire department that was there for the festival came by to tell us how great it looked . We were camping in a white Westfalia pop top camper with a white canopy . The glow from the propane fire reflected on the white and made it seem especially bright , even with a very very small flame . We 'd seen the Little Red in use at the Fossil Bluegrass Festival in July which led us to this purchase . We are really pleased with our purchase . -LRB- We also bought the grill and were able to multi task and use the Little Red with our cast iron frying pan to cook our bacon and eggs . -RRB-
 Exactly as advertised and fits nicely in my outside fire pit . You can buy an adapter for a larger LPG tank , which of course gives you more burn time .
 It 's just what they said it was , the size is good too . Fits easy out of the way . I hope it 's never used for anything but tires , but if we need to I am glad its there .
 I have a very picky hard to shop for brother-in-law . I got this for him and he loved it . He used it so much that after years of use he lost it and is begging for a new one :-RRB- Christmas is coming !!
 absolutely everyone I ever gave this to loved it . practical piece , sturdy , and easy to throw in the glove compartment
 Amazon 's price on this was half of what the chain auto parts stores were charging . I was skeptical because of the ` Standard Motor Products ' branding , but took the risk . The package that arrived was clearly labeled as new -LRB- not refurbished/remanufactured -RRB- and made in Japan . On closer inspection , the part is marked as a genuine Toyota part made by Nippon Denso . It works perfectly on my wife 's ES300 , and for a third of the dealer asking price . You can not beat this price and quality anywhere !
 I looked for 4 pin connectors for a couple weeks for a re-wiring project on a 4x4 before I found this kit . The price could n't be beat and I received it quickly . The seller even included a hand written note and installation instructions . Installing was very quick and easy as well , having a set of non-insulated terminal crimpers makes it much easier though . My only complaint is the wire gauge range of the pins was not listed in the product information and getting 12 gauge wire to fit was a little tough . I will be coming back here to get more connectors for my next wiring project .
 This cover is great as a dust cover for my bikes . I currently have a Road King Custom and a Electra Glide Ultra Limited . The only drawback is I have to remove my antennas from my ultra .
 This product does as it 's supposed to do . It keeps the bike covered and out of the weather , and helps keep the dirt off of it too .
 I bought this cover for my Suzuki gz 250 and it covers it perfectly . Even if I leave my saddle bags on . It has good elastic on the bottom edge which holds the cover tight even in windy weather . I do n't know what the material is but it has not melted when it touched the hot pipe so that I a good bonus . It comes with a storage bag as well which is easy to stuff the cover into . I 've only had mine for three weeks but it seems like good quality . I 'll try to post again later when I 've owned it for longer to offer some insight on durability .
 The cover seems to be very durable even though it is very light weight . The straps are very helpful since we have had some high winds recently . It stayed put ...
 I bought this cover for my 2006 Screaming Eagle Fat Boy -LRB- with a full height windshield -RRB- to replace another Dowco that grew a bit old and dusty -LRB- the old one did not fit quite right as I inherited it from my 1999 R1100S Beemer and it ran a bit tight . -RRB- It fits perfectly as it covers the entire bike from top to bottom , wheels included . I will use it mostly in the garage when I do n't plan to ride for extended periods of time , mostly as a dust protector and for that it seems to be perfect . It is also surprisingly light compared to the old one , even though it is much bigger . I do n't know why the Amazon drop-down app says that it should not fit my bike even though the Dowco site says it should and in reality it does .
 This is a good serviceable indoor dust cover . The large fits my V-Star 1100 Custom very well , just like the application said it would .
 Compared to the more expensive models this one does the jump for much cheaper . I put mine on every night and it keeps all the morning dew off along with the occasional shower .
 Great product !! It has lived up to what it is adverised to do.I have parked my bike in my garage while I am working on cutting tile and wood . The cover has kept all the dust particles away from my bike.I would recommend the product to all Motorcycle Enthusiastic !!!
 A very reliable product ! As long as you calculate the wattage of the appliances you plan to power off of this inverter and stay within a practical scope of its specifications you will not be disappointed .
 Purchased as replacements for the original inverter supplied with the Thermo-King TriPac APU . Can not afford the Thermo-King units so we purchase these ... just as good at less than half the price !!
 I have n't had a chance to use this much , as I bought it as a backup for a power outage . I tested it using modified jumper cables and hooked up my sump pump . It worked as anticipated , so I am happy at this point . It was reasonably priced and shipped quickly -LRB- in time for an anticipated storm -RRB- .
 Top of the line Power Inverter . If you want a quality power inverter and price is not an issue this is the power inverter for you . There are many brand power inverters out there , but from years of experience ; you get what you pay for . Spend the extra money for quality .
 The only reason it is a 4 star rating ... the back rest will not stay tight ... I have to re-tighten it after a few days of riding . Otherwise this makes for a real nice ride .
 So far my expectations have been fulfilled with this non amplified PA horn.It is plenty loud enough to mount under the hood of a truck and is small enough to fit in the tight spaces being only 5 '' . So far my friend is pleased with it . I installed it for him over 3 months ago and it 's working great!TL ; DR I recommend it to anyone wanting a nice cheap horn .
 JUST WHAT I WANTED NO ASHES ON MY DECK , JUST WISH IT FIT TOGETHER BETTER !
 This ashtry was perfect for outside smoking . The cigaretted did n't blow out of the ashtry and the hole were very easy to extinguish the cigaretted . The only problem was that if the wind blew the ashtry off of the table , it broke easily .
 Not so easy to clean but its great for outdoors ! The wind does n't blow the butts out of the ashtray ! Love it !
 This is a easy to use product and takes all the guess work out of setting the cam timing . The 5 pack has all the different degrees so you do n't have to worry about running out to get the correct one .
 worked as promised . delivered quickly . make sure you apply to dried surface and avoid really cold temperatures , if possible , when you put on the tape .
 used this product to attached a spolier to the rear window of my car . Very confident using 3M brand products . Super tacky , and works wellin all temps
 th etester was what i expected and help me a lot to find the problem on my hummer h2 so thanks to the gauge i save a lot of $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ thanks and keep doing thing so people work easy
 I purchased this lowering block kit for my 2000 S-10 a few months ago and have been impressed with the quality . It was extremely easy to install , please make sure your vehicle on jackstands for safety and everything is included for install . If you own a S-10 extended cab , then you 'll need this kit to correct the pinon angle of the drive shaft when lowering your truck . The cheapest place I found online was Amazon after searching through many other automotive product websites .
 Worked out great for me I had a small dent on the front of the hood and buying this was much cheaper than taking my truck to a paint shop . It fits very nice and looks very good .
 This is a replacement for an Old K and N system for the 2004 F350 Super Duty 6.0 L Diesel . Only works on the updated filter assembly
 Material is of an apparently decent quality , stitching is good , instructions are easy , and it shipped pretty fast for a custom item . There is a little extra material and it does not fit quite like I would want but it does fit very well and it looks great and feels great . Definitely worth the up charge over universal leatherette seat covers -LRB- usually $ 50 - $ 60 / seat in an auto store -RRB- . A note though , these smell very strongly of vinyl when they come out of the box . It goes away in a day or two but it would be worth letting them sit out unpacked for a day or two so you do not have to drive in the strong vinyl fumes for that same period.All in all , I am happy with them and am going to order the rear seat set as well .
 I bought this for my toyota tercel , it works good , looks good , feels good , keeps the heat off of the steering wheel but does n't fit all the way around the wheel , it 's too thin . It 's better than having one of those steering covers those end up getting loose and move when you turn steering wheel , that does n't happen w / the lace up covers .
 Originally , my K&N FIPK came with rubber adapters . Eventually they get hard and crack . These new ones are much nicer . They are made of silicone and their thicknesses are much smaller than the original . The diameters were a perfect fit . In fact , you could get smaller hose clamps .
 I did n't want to cut any wires on my classic truck , so I wanted one of these wiring kits . I finally found one on here for a fair price . I plugged it right in , attached the ground wire to the frame and I was good to go !
 I 've had this for a month or so and it works pretty well and seems to be accurate . I put the sensor under my driver side mirror . One day though it was sunny and the gauge was off by quite a bit . I thought the placement under the mirror would prevent that . Anyway once I started driving it went back to normal . All in all I am happy with the product and trust it 's accuracy .
 We purchased this exterior temperature indicator for our RV fridge . We no longer have to open the fridge , and let out cold air , to check the temp . It easliy mounts onto the exterior and the temp probe easily mounts inside the fridge . The temp indicator is dead on and is a great convenience .
 I only had a chance to use it once so far . It 's been really cold and I have had no desire to go out there and check the air pressure of my tires . The only time I used it , it worked fine . This is my 3rd air compressor for the car . The first one was stolen from my car , but it got me out of trouble a couple of times . That 's why I decided to buy the second one . It 's a Craftsman unit that does n't work any good at all . So I went online and did some research and read a couple of reviews for different units and decided to go for this one . The only thing I do n't like is that you loose some air from the tire when you try to unscrew the hose . You just have to put two extra PSI 's . UPDATE.I got two of this pumps . The second one I did n't have to use until recently and it blew fuse in my car . I though it was n't the unit and got a second fuse . I tried to use it again and it did the same thing . The first unit I have works fine . It looks like they are replacing the unit from the manufacturer .
 The way to make sure your conections are good . Great ! I am glad they had it , I have an older vehicle .
 This is a plug and play style wiring harness . A do it yourself , Amazon is the only place I could find this .
 Replaced my old Hopkins unit that burned out after going through some &#34; deep &#34; water . Original one lasted for over five -LRB- 5 -RRB- years . Worth every penney .
 Took less than 10 minutes to install in my tacoma . Instruction could use a diagram of how to install but is not a must .
 I found this easy to insall and works perfectly !! I was amazed that all the lights on the trailer worked as expected . Thanks
 purchased the light harness , unscrewed the taillight housing and plugged in the harness . super easy recommend it to everyone needing a 4 point wire harness
 I am not much on writting reviews but this product was so simple to install that I felt obligated to express my appreciation to the company manufacturing the product . They advertise that it is simple and would only take me five minites to install . They were absolutely correct . The directions were very simple and with the color coded connectors , the process was very streamlined . Thanks
 the hopkins wiring kit i purchased was very easy to install on my tacoma . harness is made of quality material . works perfectly !
 Not a whole lot to review . Take the tailgate light covers off , plug up harness cords , secure in place with some zip ties . Replace tailgate light covers . Done . This is very easy , nice product .
 This product was installed on a Toyota Tacoma 2006 in about 20 min . The word , `` SIMPLE '' , is the key descriptive word about this product . All you need are a few more ties to follow your original wiring to keep the slack out .
 what can i say . i have installed lots of wiring kits but none as easy as this . 10 minutes and i was pulling my trailer . i reccommend this product for anybody looking to get back on the road and pulling a trailer . hopkins makes it easy to do .
 great kit for my 2009 tacoma , remove tail lights , plug in and that 's it . done in a half an hour . works great !!
 Perfect from start to finish ! I looked up what I needed to order , it came quickly , and it was truly snap-n-go !! Hardest thing was finding out how to get into my back lights !!! After that , piece of cake . I was done in about 20 min . and it worked first time !
 I ordered a trailer wiring harness from AutoAccessories4Less through Amazon.com on Tuesday and the harness was delivered that Friday . Absolutely the fastest ordering process I have ever dealt with.Thanks for a fantastic ordering experience !!!!!!!!!!
 The `` Free Shipping '' item was delivered to my door in only 2 days ! Amazon is amazingly fast . Hopkins Converter was easy to install . Great product .
 This truly is a plug and play accessory for my 09 Tacoma . The only improvement I would like to see is a more refined factory-like end unit to tidy things up a bid .
 This wiring kit was easy to install by removing the tail light assembly on each side -LRB- 3 bolts each -RRB- and merely unplugging each tail light plug and plugging in the double plugs provided with the kit . Silicone grease came with the kit for the connectors . trailer lights work perfectly . GOOD PRODUCT . 2009 access cab Toyota Tacoma Total time 30 minutes . You should use a few more tyraps or tape than are provided with the kit .
 This kit plugged in with only one slight problem , the wires going to the lights on each side of the truck were slightly too short .
 This harness works great for the new Tacoma 's . Most sites say that it is only usable for the older T100 trucks . But it is compatible with the new Tacomas . Works well and takes 20 minutes to hook up .
 This product made hooking up my trailer easy as 123 . Just plug into factory wiring harness and go .
 I have n't had a chance to actually USE this product , but I did install it w / no issues on my '09 Tacoma .
 What a great idea ! Fits like a glove . Shipped surprisingly quick for what seems like a made to order item . Had them for half a year - holding up well .
 it did not fit and since I had to specify model and year , I was expecting it to fit without being modified.I had to take it to a machine shop to bend it to fit as I did not have the proper equipment to do the job without breaking it.But I am pleased with it ... it 's lightweight and strong and once modified ... fit 's nicely .
 The vender send the product real fast . I enjoy the tracking number so I can track my purchase . I would buy again . No problems .
 IT CAME ON TIME , THAT A BIG PLUS , IT WAS NOT A CUSTOM FIT SO I KNEW IT WOULD NEED SOME AJUSTING , SO I AJUSTED IT SOME , AND IT FIT GREAT AND IT WAS VARY STRONG.Surco 103H Hook Over Ladder
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 What a great idea ! Fits like a glove . Shipped surprisingly quick for what seems like a made to order item . Had them for half a year - holding up well .
 I 'm happy with the fuel pump , but it does not have the electrical male connections -LRB- the two prongs -RRB- shown in the photo . If you still have the original female connection on your vehicle , like I did -LRB- and would have fit perfectly with the male connections in the photo -RRB- , you will have to cut them off and use the connections that come in the box with the pump . It 's not hard to do and as long as you have a crimping tool you should be fine .
 The light switch was a perfect fit , easy installed . The best way to learn how to install it is go to you tube , write in headlight switch for dodge ram ... Michael
 Ordered this for my brother to use on his vtec engine . seen him using it and no complaints so far
 Not sure how much you can say about brakes - price was good , installed fine , no squeaking . They seem to be working to stop the car .
 The Surco b100 RV bumper hitch came with a note that said , `` Not for use on travel trailers . '' I called the company and they said that with enough vibration the hitch could come loose . Well if it would come loose from vibration on a travel trailer it would come loose on anything . Why is n't this fact included in their advertising?As to the hitch , I have two of them on the back of my Travel Trailer and they work just fine . We have travelled thousands of miles over many rough roads and nothing has come loose or fallen off . I always make sure to check the bolts before we go anywhere but have not had to tighten them even once so do n't be discouraged by the `` note '' you 'll find inside the hitch box . It works and it 's dependable .
 Got this hitch receiver last week . Product is really built well and fit my 4 '' bumper perfectly . Mine is used for a bike rack , the package said not for use on RV Trailer Bumpers but I have to believe they are talking about use for something alot larger than a bike rack , it is really well built .
 I 've been using this over a year now , I have had no problems with it . I keep a bike rack it at all times . We have made multi trips over 1200 miles with it with no problems . I would recommend to anyone . I have it on the back a 31 ft camper and almost always has at least 3 adult bikes on it .
 I have a 26 ' Coachman trailer and was looking to mount 4 bikes , was n't sure how heavy duty this adaptor was , but I 'm sure glad I have it now . Fit 's the rear bumper good but , but I had diamond have a diamond plated cover on the bumper so I was very nervous it would n't fit . It fit but you will need to put some muscle to secure the bolts . The last thing you want is to loose your bikes , so make sure the adaptor is on there good . The nuts do have plastic inserts in them to prevent them from coming loose . The two bolts on top make the bike rack stay snug and does n't allow it to wiggle one bit.I highly recommend this item .
 They are well built and easy to install . I ordered 2 and the second one would not accept 2 '' hitch accessories . Amazons return process was so simple and fast , I had the replacement in about 3 days and it worked perfectly .
 Received the unit sooner than I expected it ; it was installed , has been in the vehicle for a few weeks or more and is working as it should .
 Super easy to install , looks great and it fits perfect on my 2005 dodge ram 1500 quad cab , once you put it on its not coming off . If you are looking for a bug sheild you should get this one .
 Love this product . It exceeded my expectations and I do n't usually go for decorative auto products .
 Like it looks good except I wish it told you that it was a STICK ON rather than ones that bolt on .
 Follow the directions especially about only taking a bit of tape protective paper off the ends so you can reposition it easily and not break the plastic trying to take it off . I DID follow the instructions and have just one thing to add . Before you take the rest of the paper off the adhesive tape and put it in place permanently , get behind the wheel and see if it looks level from there . I left a bit of a torque in mine but it is fine and user error . I love the look and the install if you do RTFD `` read the frickin directions '' and use that tip should only take about 30 minutes or less . Fast shipping , great product . NO cons except it was not free .
 I needed door pulls for my HHR PANEL VAN rear doors on the inside , I had put in a back seat so I could take more peopleon a trip with me . They had a hard time closeing the back door without a handle to pull it shut . Well these door straps fit thebill perfectly . They are sturdy , and look real classy in the back of the van . THANKS DORMAN , once again you solved my carproblems .
 this product is a perfect starter set for jacking up your truck to the sky . if anyone who buys this read what the product need in order to finish your lift . other than that great buy . everywhere else you would spend at least 1k for all this seperate
 These went on my 65 mustang . Great savings compared to purchasing at the local auto parts store . Good stuff went right on . no problems .
 A superior product ; though when using it make sure NOT to use ANY fabric softener on your cleaning rags or towels . Fabric Softener has both oil and wax in it depending on whether you 're using liquid and/or dryer sheets.I suspect the individual who had all the problems with streaking and gave this product only 1 Star will find , just as I did , that Fabric Softener is the culprit with the streaking.Also , launder cleaning rags and towels separately and use a second or extra rinse option to insure that all detergent residue is gone . Additionally , Micro Fiber towels work best with this product on interior tinted windows . * Note
 It is a great product . And the glass does look good at the end . But man it takes a while to get those water marks out . 3-5 applicates is neccessary .
 Overall , this product stacks up to its promise . I have used it multiple times and each time , the glass do look `` invisible '' afterwards . Very easy to use .
 Stoner 's aerosol and crumpled up newspaper . That 's all you need . Try it , you 'll be amazed at the results . This is how you get rid of the useless sales papers they stuff your mailbox with and throw into your driveway . Using newspapers is an old car person 's tip from way , way back . No , the ink wo n't come off on the windows/mirrors . Yes , it will come off on your fingers . That 's where soap and paper towels come in ...
 I 've tried using other non-ammonia cleaners on my truck 's tinted windows , but considering price and effectiveness , this is the best one I 've come across yet . I 've found that the best material to use it with is simple wadded-up newspaper -LRB- which is what a lot of the detail places use -RRB- , and even if the windows are really dirty I only need to go over them 2-3 times at most .
 Even when using Shop Towels , coffee filters or newspaper to clean with Windex , streaks . I thought I tried everything until I bought a can of Invisible Glass.I discovered this after a long three-hour drive across Florida in the dead of summer . I ran out of windshield washer . I stopped at a automotive supply store to buy a bottle , but I needed to clean my windows ASAP.The clerk sung praises about this product . When I arrived to my hotel , I cleaned the inside and outside glass of my SUV with Invisible Glass . Sure , you need to use a little elbow grease , and the instructions on the can say a few applications are needed depending on how dirty the glass . I have never seen a glass cleaner work so well . In fact , I notice it even repels dirt.It does cost a little bit more than traditional blue glass cleaner , but it is worth the price . It does n't have harsh chemicals or dyes . I clean all my mirrors , windows , electronics screens and ceramic stovetop with this now.If you 're willing to put in just a little more effort into cleaning - and I mean a little - it 's recommended you `` buff '' with a clean towel , you 'll surely be impressed.I never leave reviews - this time I had to .
 I got this Stoner Invisible Glass cleaner at my local store for about 4.50 or so . When I first used it on my car 's windshield , I get some faint residual haze or streak . This is most evident when I turned the A/C on for a while and then turned it off . My reasoning -LRB- I could be wrong -RRB- is that there is still a faint layer that attracts the condensation from the A/C and this created a light haze . I decided to re-clean my windshield again by applying the Stoner Glass cleaner , then wipe it off with a microfiber cloth as normal . But then I add an extra step by getting another clean and dry microfiber cloth and wipe the windshield again , trying to wipe off any residual layer . I think this extra step gives the best results for me . I clean my windshield bi-weekly because I park outside , and I get about half-a-year of use from one 19oz can .
 I 've been using Invisible Glass , both in the spray can and the spray bottle , for a long time . It works exactly as described , and is much easier to wipe clear than other glass cleaners . I use it with a microfiber towel , and it works great . I 've also used it on my motorcycle helmet face shield -LRB- where it gets bugs off like mad ! -RRB- . Check to make sure it 's okay on your particular type of plastic first , though .
 All my life I have been using different versions of Windex or ammonia or home-brews or bon-ami - this surely beats them all !!! It can be found locally at Kragen 's and PepBoys . This cleaner and a couple micro-fiber towels do a great job inside or outside windows and lenses .
 This truly works better than any glass cleaner I have every used . I highly recommend it . My sliding glass doors have never looked so good
 I ordered this with the Stoner glass cleaning tool to handle the inside windshield of my PU truck . It worked fine . Order was delivered on time and undamaged .
 love this cleaner . . I received the sample wipes and I liked the product except for the lint the wipes left . So when I purchased the cleaner , I made sure I bought the spray and not the wipes . I also bought cheap microfiber cloths from the dollar store . Using the microfiber cloths with the cleaner makes the glass very clean . . I initially bought it only for automotive use , but I like this product so much that I also use it for household cleaning . .
 I am the detailer at an auto body shop . This glass cleaner is one of the better products I 've used . The product is easy to use , smells good , and is streakless .
 Tried for first time last night ! WOW !!! I have been looking for a product that does not streak for many years , and this is finally it !!! Absolutely no streaking , even on inside of window with residue buildup . Invisible Glass is a big claim , that this product lives up to !!!!! Ca n't wait to try the glass protectant . Thanks Stoner !!!!!
 I was skeptical that this product would work as well as most people here have said but it does!I decided to try this cleaner on my stainless steel appliances and i 'm absolutely thrilled ! With just one application and wipe , water stains and fingerprints were mostly gone . I usually have to spray other products several times along with using a lot of elbow grease to get these results . Reminder
 Hands down the best glass cleaner available to most consumers . Throwing out Windex and using this stuff from now on !
 I 've tried everything on my windows and this by far is the best . No residue what so ever . Next time I 'm buying by the case .
 I have used this for years . My car , house windows and Mirrors . Nothing beats it . Streak free every time . Windex is a terrible product of the past !
 This is the only thing I use for the car windows , house windows and mirrors . I never have a problem with streaking and I 've tried the spray bottle and the product in the can - both work exceedingly well ! Tip
 I 'm shocked that a few people actually thought it did n't work well ! I sprayed my glass table in my kitchen and my reading glasses and both surfaces came out perfectly ! I also used it on my bathroom mirrors and stainless steel appliances . No streaks , perfect shine . I highly recommend this cleaner ! It 's a cut above windex or any other glass cleaner out there . No wonder automobile dealers use it to detail the cars before they sell them !
 OMG ! I first saw this cleaner on a home shopping network . Thought it was just another product promising but not delivering . How wrong was I ! I am like a maniac with this cleaner . I 've tried different glass cleaners even tried homemade concoctions . Everything seemed to streak or leave marks that I could not get out no matter how many times I cleaned it . With the Stoner Invisible Glass Cleaner , one application and it made everything sparkle - even an antique mirror . Also the bathroom mirror stayed clean after several steamy showers . I would highly recommend this product . Ca n't wait to try the rain repellant version on my garden window . FYI - I used old cotton t-shirts instead of paper towels .
 Love this stuff ! It is by far the best glass cleaner I have ever used for my car windows-the only one that does n't leave awful streaks . I do prefer the aerosol to the pump container but that is just me . Ca n't go wrong .
 I get so frustrated using that &#34; blue stuff &#34; to clean my auto windows . It seems like that it does not matter how many times I clean the glass by going back over the glass time and again , I always end up with a streaked windshield . While this cleaner is not perfect and I sometimes have to go back over my initial cleaning it does do a very good job . I have both the canned and bottle spray units on my shelf in the garage and they both perform equally as well .
 This stuff is awesome , does not leave any streaks on glass surfaces . I use it on all my cars and will continue to buy it .
 Forget the imposters , this stuff is the best available . Buy with confidence and stop scrubbing windows with other products only to come up with smears .
 Bought this after reading a few reviews , I hate dirty , streaky windows in my truck . This product works well . I have had my best results cleaning the glass with a microfiber towel .
 I 'm a repeat buyer of this stuff for a reason , it works ... . Smokers haze on windows ? Cuts though dirt like industrial cleaner ! A must have for the at home auto detailer !
 This cleaner has the mildest of smells . However , the reason to get this is the non-streaking and a real crystal-clear finish when it dries . So good we use this on copiers !
 If there was one cleaning tip my mom passed on to me that I have used throughout my adult years , it is to skip the crappy windex-style spray window cleaners and use Invisible Glass instead . I use it on everything ; windows , storm doors , mirrors , the car , etc. . It provides and easy , streak free and spotless shine . If you need your glass to be as clear as ice , this is your product !!
 My shower is all glass . I had neglected it for a while an was afraid I would never get it to sparkle again . I tried a number of products to no avail . In a last ditch effort I ordered Invisible glass . It worked . It took two tries and some elbow grease , but I now vow to keep it up with this wonderful product . Make sure to read their recommendation for using a soft cloth . As the cloth gets saturated use a new one . Then buff the glass in the end with a completely dry cloth . Sounds like a lot of work ... well worth it when you see the results . Ca n't wait to do all the mirrors in the house next .
 These look very nice on the vehicle . Very stylist , sturdy , go on easy and wash well with no signs of coming off .
 This is by far a great bug shield . The last one we had for 8 yrs before we replaced it .
 Excellent product for removing tar , grease , asphalt , etc. . Easy to use . Note
 Stoner Tarminator is the BEST sap and tar remover , bar none ! Does n't harm paint . Super great products from Stoner!Thanks Stoner .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 always good bondo comes with cream hardener and will be using this to fix my dents on my truck thank you
 Used this an entire season of camping and had no issues with the lock . Only issue I had was taking camper out in october and on cold morning went to pull the cap off and it broke right off .
 we 've bought many different versions of couple locks in the past . offbrands , masterlocks , etc. and i think this is my favorite . we use it on our boat both hooked to the truck as well as unattended in the driveway -LRB- along with a trimax UMAX100 unattended couple lock . -RRB- the finish on this lock is great and it also has a rubber keyhole cover , it 's action is smooth and it appears to be well made and strong . there 's also not alot of room for someone to get any kind of saw blade or cutters to the shank of the lock.this is the 4th or 5th trimax product we 've bought and we 've been very impressed with all of them . .
 This is what I wanted , Good Quality , I Was Looking every where for this lock , finally i got it from amazon .
 I had trouble finding the right lock to fit on my hitch to secure the Hensley Arrow -- this worked perfectly .
 I 'm very pleased with this gauge and hose set . The large dials are easy to read . The quality of the hoses is very good . Having valves on the block is essential for AC evacuation and the cut-offs on each fitting insures you maintain vacuum . Highly recommend this product .
 Bought these to replace a crappy set of Harbor Freight gauges . I 've done 2 cars with these gauges so far , so that 's the length of experience with them.First impressions are that the gauges are well made , the dials are big , easy to read , and have only a vacuum ring and a R-134 ring on them . It 's dummy proof . No R-12 etc. . . The fittings are all brass , and appear to be quality made stuff . The knobs on the gauge are made of plastic , but do n't feel flimsy at all . Comes with hose with shut offs on the end , just above the couplings which is nice . The manual couplers ensure a nice fit , without losing any refrigerant in the process of coupling and uncoupling.All in all , I 'm very pleased with this set and I think they are worth what I paid for them . Light-years ahead of the cheap Harbor Freight gauges I had been using .
 This gauge set is of the quality that one would expect in this price range . The hoses are of good quality and the snap on values work very well . I would recommend this product and would also consider the Robinair gauge set also .
 Pretty good set overall . The only issue I have with it is the quality of the hoses . Maybe I just happened to get a defective one . The low side hose started to leak very slightly from the metal crimp area after about 7 months of use . It does get used heavily in the summer months but then so do the other sets we own .
 Nice set of gauges I guess , my low side does n't read vacuum properly it 's off by 3 &#34; hg which is n't really a deal killer but for the $ $ I expected a precision instrument . The gauges , hoses , connectors are solid and this is a professional set that gets used constantly in a shop and they do n't break so thats 5 stars I subtracted one star for the vacuum irregularity . This is also a high flow manifoild which really helps when charging through the sight glass , compared to cheap manifolds I 've used this one is much much better .
 Excellent quality . Probably better than what I needed but I 'll never be disappointed . I 've only used it once so far but everything went without a hitch . Parts fit together without leaks . I particularly like the control the shut off valves provide over the release of Freon . Much better than the old one I had . A very nice upgrade .
 I am really impressed every time I buy something from CPS , they make real tools , that look real durable , with style and functionality . This manifold is well built , the gauges are huge and the ball valves are absolutely necessary . I hate cheap Chinese tools that in the end makes you look like a cheap technician , I love CPS products and I support things made in the US , I understand that companies have to cut costs and manufacturing overseas is a way to do it , but they are making customers pay for something less than they expect .
 I am very happy with this gauge set . I used all the previous reviews to help my decision to buy it , even though it is a bit more expensive than many sets . I have had a little a/c experience and I have found you get what you pay for on a manifold set . It was also very important to me to buy a set made in USA . The quality is great and there is no slop or play in the valves and fittings . The gauges are very steady and do n't `` bounce '' . It is not a Snap-On set for sure , but most of us doing our own work on our cars do n't need one like that . I think this is a very good set for the average person .
 These are the real deal , made in the USA , not a cheapo imported counterfeit imitation . Quality throughout . Large gauges with un-cluttered markings , heavy manifold with solid valves and knobs , well made quick-disconnects on the end of quality hoses with built-in shut-off valves at the ends . An absolute pleasure to use ! Do not waste your time or money on the imported crap . The few extra dollars for this American made set is well worth it to avoid suffering the frustration of trying to use some of the cheap import models -LRB- I speak from experience -RRB- . I would absolutely recommend these .
 This is a replacement for an older set of guages . Nicely made , easy to hook up , no leaks , shuts offs at the end of all three hoses is a nice feature . Includes tank adapters .
 THIS IS A FINE PRODUCT . WORKS VERY WELL . RECIEVED IN FIVE WORKING DAYS.THANKS AMAZON
 When the wind deflector came the first time , it was cracked in half . Amazon sent me a replacement the next day . It is a nice looking deflector , looks almost the same as the Genuine Nissan item . This fits almost exactly my Nissan Pathfinder 's 38.5 inch sunroof opening . Easily installs with the attached foam accessory tape .
 before i bought this the wind would blow know i can smoke dont get rain on when crack best thing every .
 I would recomment it everybody who likes drive with open roof on highway and would like to hear what your wife say . It was very simple to install it on my roof on RAV4 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and it is really working . I just had small issue with cover tape that was cut into two pieces and I was not able remove it in one hit as was described in manual . Pay attantion on this in advance and you will be able install it in 15 min w/o problems .
 They stayed ice free and worked well all winter . I do n't know if they would survive blizzards in some other parts of the country , but they worked well in Kansas City where I live .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 My 2009 Jeep Liberty has a Sky-slider that makes a lot of wind noise over 55 mph even though it is closed . I heard that the Windflector reduces the noise for sun roofs , but they did not make one for the Sky-slider . The largest Winflector is this one at 41.5 '' . I ordered one , but when it came , it was broken about 12 '' from the end , so I asked them to send me another if I could keep the broken one . They told me they would credit the amount that I paid for the old one -LRB- $ 34 -RRB- , I did not have to return the broken one and I could place an order for another one if I wished.So I checked the old one on against the size needed for my Sky-slider - I need 43.5 '' according to how they instruct to measure it . I thought that I could figure out a way to cut the two in half with an extra inch on each so that it would fit when the two were glued together.I ordered the new Windflector , but the price had gone up to $ 43 - but I ordered it anyway . When I received it , it was not damaged so I put it on the vehicle to determine the fit . At 41.5 '' , it would not go over the front edge of the Sky-slider very far , but it looked like it would hit the top of the Sky-slider anyway if I mounted it further toward the back . It also was not curved enough for the roof of the vehicle , but it looked like it would bend enough to seat at the 41.5 '' length and not require cutting . -LRB- I held it in place on both ends with the slider open and held it as best I could with it closed . -RRB- So I went ahead and mounted it . When it was pulled down on the edges , the center over the Sky-slider was lifted so it no longer touches or rubs against the top of the Sky-slider . Beautiful ! Also , when I went to install it , I totally forgot about the alcohol rub-off pads to clean the seal adhesive area on the car 's roof . I thought I had blown the install , but the roof was apparently clean enough because it is still holding.The Windflector has been on the car now for a couple of weeks in very high temperatures -LRB- like 105 degrees F -RRB- and seems to be holding - the car has not been outside in the sun much , but has been driven some in the heat -LRB- 200 miles or so -RRB- . The reduction in wind noise is quite remarkable although you can still hear it when you reach 55 mph , it no longer drowns out the radio . I think I need to put some silicone spray on the Sky-slider 's seals.The Windflector works for me . And I still have the other broken one in case a redesign is needed.Update 2/15/2013 I have driven many times at 70 mph -LRB- and slower -RRB- , in bad weather , hot weather , etc. , towed the car for 2500 miles behind our motorhome and it has held fine . When I installed it , I was so worried about how it would fit that I forgot to clean the area with the cleaner . The car was clean though and the sealant attached and has held well , though one spot has release and a piece of the seal is missing , but that happened during installation . Perhaps the missing piece was intentional . Anyway - so far , so good .
 This item was the closest thing that i could get to fit on my sunroof for a 2010ford f350 dually . I had to do a little notching out in certain places to make it fit . But it does the job perfectly . hardly any air gets in the cab at 70mph . thank you for letting me chare this with people .
 This ventshade worked perfectly for my 2005 Scion XB . It cut the wind noise by at least 90 % . My hearing is n't all that good anymore , so any noise I can diminish will add to hearing conversations and music.It does a very good job for me .
 This deflector is very sturdy and looks really sharp . The price is great and adds function to the sunroof . It is a bit tricky to line it up and get it taped down on the first try but if you are patient it is really easy . I would highly recommend this .
 When I made the decision to upgrade my stock Mazda mirror I looked at a dozen different styles and makes . I even made card board cut outs to the exact same sizes of the mirrors I was considering so I could see how they would be in my car . When it came to the Wink 4 panel it was like a light came on and all my wondering was over . When it arrived early , the deal got better . When I took it out of the box and sat in the car at first I was n't too sure . Once I mounted it and adjusted it and realized it blocked none of my view I was very pleased . The best part of all of this besides the price is that when you look at the car from outside you ca n't see the mirror at all , it 's all hidden by the tinting at the top of the windshield . I already ordered a windshield banner to hide it but I wo n't need it . I love my new mirror , with the top up or down it delivers exactly what I wanted , great product , awesome price , could n't be happier !
 Here is a great addition to most any vehicle whose driver desires maximum side & rear visibility . Fairly easy to mount in our two vehicles . This mirror provides a much larger view to the rear and includes quite a bit of the sides as well , but should not be used in place of a turn of the head before a lane change . Nice solid construction and a very reasonable price . Be sure to order two mounting kits if you plan to fasten it to your windshield instead of another mounting method .
 It works perfect and looks great and good Quality.easy to install.I installed on sand car and fits perfect and easy to adjust . recommend !!!!!
 Seems to work fine , definitely helps when backing or traveling by eliminating blind spots . Went with 4 stars cause it shakes when at speed .
 love this when i back my boat and helps with blind spots on hwy . . You may need a kit to `` brace it '' so it does n't shake/bounce when driving , I bought one at the my local auto parts house but i believe they offer them at Amazon ... you will need the one that extends from your windshield to the back of this mirror to brace it if you plan to use it in a truck or car the end brackets just are n't enough
 I got the mirror very quick . Installation is very quick and straight forward if you do n't mind putting screws in your roof . It causes no leaks in mine . But the screws are very short and dont pierce the outer level in case you had any concerns . The mirror is a little shakey while driving could use third support or something . I like it a lot though . My friends notice it right away . Looks great in my 93 prelude si because of my dash that spans the whole car .
 Got this for my 2007 CX-7 GT . I do n't think there 's an actual difference that can be felt between this and the oem filter , my butt dyno is not sensitive enough and probably needs calibration . But it has already paid back itself , it has already saved me from buying 4 OEM filters . I would recommend a K&N filter cleaner and recharge kit to use with the filter . That is all .
 Excellent quality . USA made . Extra large gauges for those of us who do n't see as good as we used to . Shut off valves at the end of all hoses is another great feature . I have used them many times now since purchase with no issues . They beat the heck out of the cheap imported stuff . I would definately recommend spending a few extra dollars for this set .
 I have used
 My worn out key fob battery died , so while searching for a new battery , I found this . At just about three times the price of the battery , you can have a new key fob . It shipped fast and came with instructions on how to match it up to your car . This would have cost $ 50 at the dealer . So worth it . It 's been working beautifully for just over a year .
 I Purchased this item to replace my old defective remote . Programing of the remote was very easy and have no complaints .
 I had lost the fob that came with my 1998 Ford & went to the local dealer to replace it . Not only did they want $ 65.00 per fob , but they also refused to sell it to me unless I paid them an additional $ 90.00 to program it for me . I knew from past experience that I could program it myself in less than 2 minutes & could not find it cost effective to pay an hour 's labor to complete a task that I could do myself . Plus I wanted to upgrade to 4 fobs which was going to be an expensive purchase . So , I turned to my `` go to '' Amazon & did a search . I was THRILLED with the price of these fobs as I could buy 4 & program them myself for 75 % less than the local dealership was trying to hold me hostage for . I ordered , received , & had them programmed in less than a week . They arrived with specific , easy to comprehend instructions . I feel it is safe to say that even if I had n't known how to program them , I could have still read the instructions , had them programmed , & ready to go in less than 5 minutes . I 've told ALL my friends about this buy & I know of 2 that have ordered for their car & had the same experience I did with this product !!!
 Thank heaven I have n't HAD to use this yet , but seems from testing to do what it 's supposed to .
 I have n't have to use to escape a submerged car but the window punch shattered rigid plastic bottles easily and the cutter is sharp .
 I bought one of these for everyone in my family . They are a great little keychain and hopefully none of us will have to use them for their intended purpose . For the price , you ca n't afford not to have one ; just in case .
 Seems to be a practical safety device for safe exit of vehicle if submerged and electrical power to window lifts is disabled . Kinda bulky on a keychain , though .
 if you drive anywhere near water this is a `` must have . '' the larger size would bemore useful but the great part is that you will always know exactly where this isin the vehicle !
 ResQMe , The Keychain Version of the Original LifeHammer -LRB- Yellow -RRB- , Pack of 2First I ordered two of these for my two teenage grandsons . When the rest of the family saw them , they all wanted one so I have ordered several . I had thought of the ResQME mainly as an escape plan if it was needed to escape from a car in the water , but recently a friend of mine was trapped in her car after a collision . Luckily some passersby could break the back window with rocks for her to escape just minutes before the car burst into flames . The ResQMe would have helped her escape sooner . Also , as some other reviewer stated , the yellow helps me find my keys when they get buried in my purse .
 It is a great item . I just hope that I never have to use it .
 I bought this gift for a friend who is a state trooper . He was very pleased with it .
 I hope I never have to use it . Looks like a quality piece of hardware . Worth the price .
 I bought 10 these things for my parents ! These is really important when accidents happen ! Strongly recommend for drivers ! lol
 I got a couple of these a coupld weeks back after watching a Mythbusters episode about submerged cars . For my wife the unit is small and easily added to here key ring . I hung mine from the seatbelt in my car . I had some tempered glass laying around my garage , so I gave it a quick try . It worked as expected . With just a little bit of pressure the glass was punctured and immediately shattered.I highly recommend this device , especially give its low price .
 I am a firefighter and find the tool not only useful but space saving and extremely functional as well
 I use this in the line of duty and find it very useful . Good tool for all firefighters or law enforcement officials
 While I have n't had to use in an emergency , I did test this product out on an old car door/window assembly and it worked quickly and easily . Just press it against the window -LRB- it takes a little bit of pressure -RRB- and it instantly crumbles to pieces . Even above water the glass did n't explode , it simply crumbled away . In water I would guess it would just float safely away but broken glass would be the least of your worries if you were in that situation .
 I just got mine in the mail today For quite a few years I have done various volunteers duties involving search and rescue and other life saving volunteer work including CIVIL AIR PATROL AND TE AMATEUR RADIO EMERGENCY SERVICE and for many years I have carried an automatic center punch as a rescue tool and I also had a seat belt cutter but having 2 tools in one is a great idea I tested the spring loaded punch and it should work fine for punching out a window in an emergenvcy this tool is a welcomed addition to my emergency equipment in fact I may be getting a couple more to keep them handy just in case and Evan give as a gift it could very well be the gift of life
 Although I have a bunch of things on my keychains , I 've decided to start carrying this . People make fun of me , but that one time you need such a tool , whether inside your vehicle or someone else 's , this could save lives . The punch is powerful and , unlike a standard metal punch that needs your force to break glass , this spring-loaded one is sure to work . I tested it , but not on glass , and it springs powerfully.The great sleeve/cover for the blade works well . It does n't slip off easily -LRB- in case it 's in your pocket , etc. -RRB- , but with a little effort , it pops off as needed.Just wish I was able to get a single one in the bright yellow color -LRB- which comes in 2 packs -RRB- .
 After the death of 4 of our neighbors in a car that turned over in a pond , I decided to get these for my whole family . We put these on the turn signal arm in all cars with nylon zip ties , so they are always in place if needed . I hope we never need them , but if we do they are at the ready .
 We bought five ResQMe 's . Each of our cars has one tywrapped to the left side of the steering column . They 're there so they can be found easily in an emergency . We also have one on our keychains for the times we ride as passengers in friend 's cars . Our area of the Pacific Northwest is heavily infested with ponds , lakes , deep creeks , canals , rivers , and scenic oceanside roadways . Each means a blown tire -LRB- and loss of control -RRB- could put us into the water . Such a simple and inexpensive tool , near at hand , findable in the dark , can mean the difference between life or a miserable death . I hope we never , never need to use them but I do n't want to die thinking , `` Really wish I had spent a little on one of those window breaker gizmos . '' -LRB- We rejected a hammer type device for the ResQMe 's spring loaded breakers because swinging a hammer fast enough through the water in a mostly flooded car might be be impossible . -RRB-
 do n't push the black button with your thumb , because it will fire on you and hurt like hell !
 Great safety device , hope I never have to use it . Lots of canals here in Florida , a must for every driver .
 A seat-belt cutter that can also cut through denim jean and a hidden spike that shaders glass . Definitely a good EDC item .
 Everyone should have one of these on their keychain . I had one of these for years and broke it using it for the wrong thing . My wife and I each have one .
 Tiny and easy to hook with car key . Easy to take with . And surely it will help when emergency.thank you .
 I do n't have a chance to try the glass breaker but I hope that I wo n't have the chance forever . I just kept it as a preparation . Wish everyone a long and prosperous life . But I got to say its design is smart . It wo n't break regular glass nor human body :-RRB- it is safe to put it with the key .
 Quite Small and exquisite.And it is useful.I bought two yellow ones.One for me and the other for my sister.We all like them .
 It 's good , although it 's small but very effective ! And I keep it in my car , just in case ! So , if you want to buy something like this , this is a good option !
 I got this for my wife because of her fear of bridges and sinking in a car . it is a very convenient design .
 Love to have something really made in USA . Very handle tool . I bought a lot of them as gifts to give to my friends and family .
 I just received my ResQMe tool . It seems that the concealed spike is n't centered with the black cylindrical end . Anything wrong ?
 This is a great little product . Perfect to give as a gift . I hope I never have to use it though !
 This is a little larger than your typical key chain , so it takes up a fair amount of pocket room in your pants . It also has a cheapish feel to it because of all the plastic . Still , I think it is a good idea to have something like this for safety reasons . I also have the regular life hammer . For that , I think mounting it to your vehicle is too difficult , but otherwise I like it better in terms of quality construction .
 I was extremely satisfied with the product itself , timing of delivery as well as the excellent price .
 I bought this product as a gift for a friend . She loved it ! it is so little and can easily fit onto a key chain . It is also light so it does n't weigh down your key chain .
 This product is small enough to put in the center console and the bright yellow color stands out and is easy to see . I do not live by a large body of water , but this item makes me feel safer visiting other areas , going over bridges , etc. . . Well worth the money .
 Compact fits easily in most pockets . Also nice design and shape the detachable keychain cover on the seatbelt cover works well .
 As I have n't had to use this item yet ... I ca n't say how it would be under certain conditions . However it looks sturdy and it is small enough to go on my car key chain . This is one item I hope I never have to use .
 Great item - lightweight - easy to carry or store in vehicle - easy to use - easy to test - and sturdy . Everyone should have one .
 It was shipped fast and packaged well , it did not include a direction sheet but I firgured it out . I ca n't say how it works cause I havent needed it thank God ! but I feel safer with it .
 good quality and good design . i love it when i first seen it . and i had it on my keychain for 2 mouths . still working good and look nice .
 This is a small but potentially seriously valuable tool in case you or someone else is involved in an auto accident . As you can see in the photo there is a car key which lets you know this is not very large and is meant to be used on a keychain , which is likely the best place to keep it because if you are in an accident having access to the key still being in the ignition is more likely than any other place in my opinion . It has two devices to help you out if you are in an automobile accident or if you are trying to help someone else that has been in an accident . The first is a glass breaker . Auto glass needs to be strong to undergo the rigors a car goes through , so it is not always easy to break . This tool uses a self-loading spring action with a glass breaker spike inside the end of the round part on the bottom . You push the bottom against the glass which takes 12 lbs . of pressure to accomplish which means you need to press it fairly hard , then when it reaches that level of pressure it releases a spring loaded spike which will cause auto glass to shatter thus allowing you to escape an accident should a door be jammed for example . Or help someone else to escape a similar situation . This means you only have to be able to press this device against the glass hard enough to activate the spring , not hit it with a standard glass breaker with enough force to cause it to shatter . I would suggest pressing the glass breaker up against a piece of cardboard or something similar so you will get an idea how hard you will need to press this against auto glass to get it to shatter if and when you actually need to use it , but not against a hard surface to prevent damage to the spike inside . By having this on your keychain it is far more likely you will be able to reach it if sometime you really need it.This is made not made to break out a windshield . Those have laminates sandwiched between two pieces of glass at will be held together by that plastic laminate . The other windows in a car will shatter in to hundreds of tiny pieces when broke It just takes enough force to get them to break . The spring loaded spiked inside this is enough to cause the entire window to shatter which is what you want , especially if you are not in a condition to hit the window really hard with some other glass breaker which depends on you having enough strength after the accident to still have an arm free , reach the device and kit it hard enough to work . I think you have a much better chance with the spring loaded devices as used in this tool.The second part is the seatbelt cutter . There is a sharp blade that is inside the curved part of the unit . It has a cap on it which needs to be removed to use , however when you have a key attached to it that gives you enough leverage to easily remove the protective cap and then you can cut yourself or someone else free from their seatbelt should you be unable to unbuckle them . You simply slide the seatbelt between the gap when the cap is removed and slide it to have the blade cut the belt , this is also made to prevent accidentally cutting yourself as the blade is inside the unit . I have not tested the blade on an actual seatbelt as I would not want to dull the blade in case I actually needed it . It appears sharp enough to do the job though . And while I usually have a sharp knife nearby if in an auto accident things get thrown around and the most likely item you will be able to reach is this tool attached to the key in the ignition . It is purely a safety tool that hopefully you will never need . But if you keep one on your keychain it will be there just in case you , or someone else you see in an accident needs it to escape a serious automobile accident.I do n't see how you can afford NOT to buy one of these . If you ever use it just once it will have been worth many times more than the price paid . How much are the lives of yourself and your family worth to you ? How much would you be willing to pay to be able to cut your child free after a car crash to get them to safety . Or to be able to break a window to escape a car you were trapped in ? I do not sell these and I hope nobody gets in a an auto accident . But chances are that some of us will at some point and having one of these devices might make the difference between being able to escape or not . Cheap insurance you hope you never need in my opinion .
 I used to be an Emergency Medical Technician so I literally have encountered many situations in which I had to use this type of tool . Having both the window punch and the seatbelt cutter in the same tool is a life saver . I used to have to use my knife so many times to get patients out cars often enough that I would always advise my family members to have these types of tools close `` at hand '' in case of an accident . Alternatively , you can get seat covers with zipper compartments to make sure you have access in case of a rollover .
 I bought this in tested it out my my finger first hurts like heck ... . that said do not try that.I did not bleed or nothing just felt painful . Anyways misuse and jokes aside It is great . Going to hand it over to my love she will have more use of it than me since I got other tools . Hopefully we will never have to use this . Better to be prepared anyways of course she thinks that preparing isa mental condition . I tried to tell her it 's just called being a man . Since when did that explaination ever work fellas ?
 This is a great little seat belt cutter and window break car safety tool for your key chain or EDC preparedness kit/bag !! It 's like the American Express slogan from back in the day ... `` never leave home without it ! ''
 This little item is a life saver that everyone should have on their keychain , in their car within grabbing range , on your day-bag etc. . . Do n't leave home without it !!! Five Stars and a special thanks to the speedy delivery .
 This is an item that may be a life saver in an emergency situation , and the fact that it is so portable makes it even more attractive and important to keep with you if you drive a vehicle .
 I think its the best keychain for the car , its awesome , so little and so useful . Thumbs up for the creators .
 These little life savers are awesome . We bought these after my father rolled his stock truck and was upside down stuck in the seat belt . incredibly the windows did not break out during the wreck . So he found himself stuck , upside down , with gas and antifreeze leaking everywhere and unable to get out of the truck . Thankfully one of the windows rolled down , and he was able to escape unharmed . So we have now equipped everyone that we love with these life saving devices . My father has equipped the entire EMT/First-responder groups in his rural area with them . Thank you for a great product .
 Looks compact and well-made . The hammer smash is hard enough . I did n't try the razor yet . A perfect gift say for a brother on a New Year .
 Simple little device , yet hope I never use . The unit attaches to your keychain and when pulled it snaps off to unveil the seatbelt cutter and when the flat round head is pressed all the way to the glass it fires a metal point which shatters the glass . Unit worked when I tested it , although I did n't actually have it against any glass , but it still shot out quickly enough that I would n't want to put my hand over it .
 While I hope never to use this item , it is well made and sturdy . Perfect to have on your key chain and to give as gifts .
 The ResQMe keychain version does as advertised . It will bust out a window and cut a seat belt , while being available at the time of need . My wife uses hers as a keychain . I have mine attached to the trun signal . If you live and drive around a significant amount waterbodies , you need this . Two people near Orlando died in retention ponds in the past 60 days . Here is an article of one incident . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I commute over the Bay Bridge twice a day , four days a week . It gives me peace of mind to have this keychain . It 's small and compact . Since it 's on the keychain when I 'm driving I know right where it is .
 I got this for my sister and she loves it . Wo n't drive without it .
 I 'm very happy to have found this product . My husband and I keep it in our car in case of an emergency .
 Quality just as described , and shipping was quick . Glad to have purchased many for friends and family as Christmas gifts . Hope none of us need to use it , but it will be there if we do . Would purchase more , especially at this price .
 I have not had an occasion to use this device , thank God ! I did test it on a piece of wood & it seems to operate as advertised . I am reassured to have it in the event it 's ever needed . I received it promptly & have no complaint .
 Have n't used the item and hope I never have to but happy to feel more secure with it . Lightweight .
 These are sturdy looking and sturdy feeling . I have n't had the opportunity , or rather misfortune , to use one .
 I attached these little lifesavers on some of my Christmas presents that I gave out last year . You just never know when you 'll need it .
 I. Saw this item and thought it would be good for my son because he travels a lot and you never know when the unexpected could happen .
 This tool lives in my pocket and goes where I go . So far I have not had to use it but it is good to know that I have it with me . I like the design and ease of use . Everyone needs to have something like this just in case .
 I 've always wanted one of these , just in case . I love the fact this is on a key chain . It is right in front of you in the event you need it . The size is good , it does n't get in your way .
 Nice tool . I purchased one for each vehicle . Tested it and it worked very well . I did not realize how small , 3 inches in length , and lite it is from advertisement - very convient . I feel alot better having this tool in our vehicles .
 First impressions are that it 's well constructed and lite as a feather . Small enough to fit in the fifth pocket of your jeans . Great buy for $ 10 .
 This was a gift for my brother who had just purchased his first car . I came across this and thought it 'd make a good gift even though I hope he never has to use it . From what I could tell just by holding it and testing it around ; it 's built and designed well . And the price is sort of a bargain because similar products cost a little more than this.Happy shopping !
 This keychain belt butter came fast and works well on seatbelts . I havent had the chance to bust a windown with it yet . Hopefully ill never need to . But small and fits well in the pocket you wont notice it .
 The item is light weight making it a great EDC item . The plastic feels really cheap though , but it doeas what it suppose to do !
 If you 're the type of person that carries a first aid kit , this is also a must own for the `` always be prepared '' crowd . Fits on the key chain perfectly and works as advertised .
 This thing works great , I like the seatbelt cutter and the glass break connected to my keychain . You never know when you 'll need it , but it 's a good piece of mind knowing you have it !
 I 've never had to use this or any other device to escape a vehicle , but it is comforting to know I can if need be . I bought one for every member of my family .
 I purchased this for many reasons ; hopefully I will never need to use it for myself , but should I need to I feel it will do what it needs to do.I think the design is very good ; just wish it was a little smaller because it is kind of bulky to have on my keychain.Overall great product , tested the glass punch and it does what it is supposed to , once it pops out it goes right back in and is ready to be used again .
 it 's very good thing.I like it.very good very good very good very good very good very good very good ting
 It is easy to use . I bought lot for my friends too , they are like it very much . Thank you .
 It works great and is easily accessible . It bulks out the pocket a little and Ido n't want it on my key chain , but I do like having it with me .
 It looks a great product , although I have n't tested it on my car . Hope I will not have a chance to use it .
 This is very handy insurance to keep with you or in the car . You do n't know when you might need it . I bought one for everyone in the family .
 I picked up a couple of the ReQMe 's after seeing a video on them and all I can say is that they are a handy little tool that I hope I never have to use . Great part is that they are handy , lightweight and easy to carry.I put one on my keychain and one on my wife 's . I will likely be giving some as gifts for Christmas to make sure all my friends and their families are prepared as well . This is one tool that everyone should have on their keychain .
 100 % what I saw in the videos and expected . It works well , very straight forward device . , ...
 I ordered one of these to keep in my car/bag every day , just in case . I have seen a lot of reviews on these and have n't heard a bad thing about it . I have n't tested it out for myself yet . I gave it 4 stars because the black one is more expensive than all the other colors which is dumb and it jammed up my order and when I called Amazon they told me I had to ship everything separately because this was a bit delayed . Worth the money to have a peace of mind to have on hand , if you carry any sort of bug out bag , or if you 're a first responder .
 I had just purchased one of the orange hammer style tools that do the same function , and absolutely hated it . I hated the hammer , I hated the mounting bracket . So within 5 minutes of opening the box I was back on Amazon looking for a replacement , and came across these , and figured it was worth a shot for the price.Unit is small - only two downsides to this , the size , which if you do n't have it secured somewhere well , may make it hard to find after an accident if it gets tossed somewhere . Second downside is the little clip that goes in the cutter - it 's really a tight snap - has two rounded parts on each side that fit into a notch on both sides of the yellow part around it . And it 's a tight pull , really tight.Other than that , it 's a perfect size , nice and small and easy to grip . Cutting the belt would be a piece of cake , and not needing to have enough room to swing your arm to break the window is a bonus . In an accident there may not be enough free room to get enough of a swing to do a good job with the hammer . This one has the spring loaded spike so you only have to press it against the window.Great price , small size , usable when your vehicle has been crunched - it 's a great thing to have on hand if you 're ever in the situation that requires one .
 i am a firefighter i bought 3 resQme keychainsfor me and 2 other fightersit 's the perfect giftit 's a life saver toolperfect pricethank you guys &#127801;
 My family feels safer having this lifesaving tool . Hopefully we never have to use it . Definitely feels like a quality product .
 It 's smaller than I thought , which was better for me & a great size to keep in the car or attach to a keychain . I got 1 for me & hubby & hope we never have to use it . Hubby tried it on his finger ... & it hurt , -LRB- is a metal point that shoots out so do n't try it on skin ! -RRB- so have no reason to think it would not work if needed in an emergency .
 I hope I never have to legitimately use this , however if you want to put small little dents into hard surfaces , then this product is pretty fun . I recommend it.The blade does n't work too well on paper , but I bet it would work much better on a seat belt.I hope.But if I die in a car accident , I wo n't be able to tell you guys if it worked or not .
 This is a great tool that has space saving in mind . It does the same as a bigger tool , yet is more accessible in an emergency . I sincerely recommend it to anyone serious about car safety . It is n't too bulky on the key chain either .
 I had a Res-Q-Me for 8 years until I lost it , and I immediately bought a new one . Thankfully , I have never needed to use it as a means of escape for myself , but as a Firefighter/EMT I have used my Res-Q-Me several times while gaining access to victims of car accidents , and it worked flawlessly every time . This tool breaks through windows with minimal effort . It is worth every penny , and everyone should have one on their car keys .
 I wish all vehicles came installed with something similar to the original LifeHammer installed in them from the factory just so everyone has the safety benefit of this little device with them any time they are in their car . Unfortunately , we do n't all get free ResQMes or Lifehammers with the purchase of a new vehicle , however I 've been recommending the ResQMe keychain to all of my friends and family members.I thoroughly believe I 'm not exaggerating when I say this device has the potential to save your life or the life of another driver or passenger.Consider this short story : You are driving your vehicle and before you realize what 's happened your vehicle is now in a body of water -LRB- for whatever reason , be it fatigue , texting while driving , etc. -RRB- next to the formerly peaceful highway you were driving on . Vehicles sink fast and stay sunk . Your car is beginning to sink , and water 's beginning to rise above the top of the vehicle . You ca n't break any of the windows with your hands or by kicking them . You remember your cousin , who is a police officer , gave you a dinky bright yellow little keychain one Christmas -LRB- and/or other annual holiday of your choosing -RRB- that you threw on your keyring to make him happy and have n't thought about since . That keychain is the ResQMe . You remember it had a spring loaded window punch , and press it against the glass beside you , which is now thoroughly covered by water . The pane of safety glass shatters . You take a few gulps of air , hold your breath , and dive into the water that 's rushing into your vehicle and make it out with only a few cuts and bruises.If you ever had to use this tool it probably would n't be quite that poetic , however it does have the potential to get you out of some serious situations . It 's useful for any time windows on your vehicle needs to be broken so you can escape . This could , potentially , be after a collision , or like in the example above if you vehicle was submerged in water , or if your vehicle was on fire and you could n't escape through a door for whatever reason.It also has a seat belt cutter , which is also useful in any situation where you 're unable to unlatch the safety belt , be it water , fire , collision , etc. I probably would n't recommend the ResQMe for first responders , firefighters , police officers , etc. for on the job use , since you 'd want something a little larger and heavy duty . The tools is fairly small , so it may be cumbersome in thick gloves , for example.That being said , from my experiences this tool has been quite tough . I 've thrown mine , stepped on it , and sat on it . It shows no indication that it 's ready to fail . For the average person , this is something you need . For a first responder , it 's an excellent backup.The window punch is self-resetting and appears that it can stand up to numerous uses . The seatbelt cutter also appears that it would hold up after quite a few uses as well.The ResQMe keychain is , for the most part , small enough to keep on your key ring without it causing a problem . It does n't add significant weight to your keys . You will know that you 've put it on your key ring , but perhaps that can serve as a reminder that it 's available if you ever need it.The yellow -LRB- which is the only color I have experience with -RRB- is bright and fairly easy to see . Personally , because this is an emergency tool , I want it to stand out . It comes in other colors as well for those who have different tastes . The colors I recall are , aside from the yellow , green , orange , pink , blue , and black.If you drive , you need to have an escape plan for vehicle emergencies . That could be the original LifeHammer , this wonderful keychain , or another company 's product . The ResQMe is the best escape tool I 've found in my searching because it fits on a key ring easily , feels sturdy , and has two tools -LRB- the seatbelt cutter and window punch -RRB- . It 's fairly compact , and because I always have my keys with me , the ResQMe is always along with me as well.This weird looking key chain is up there with CPR -LRB- and a CPR mask -RRB- in how essential it is . It 's something you pray to never have to use , but you 'll feel good knowing you 're prepared.Bottom line
 I am first responder in the town I live in -LRB- Fire-Rescue -RRB- , and this is a really useful tool to have on the keyring , I can quickly get in most windows and it usually saves a walk back to the truck to get a tool when I can just whip this out and within seconds have the window out of the way . my opinion is that everybody should have a tool like this in case of an accident that requires them to extricate themselves , it is one of those tools you would be willing to pay thousands for if the time comes to really use it , and at this low price there is really no excuse not to have the security of having one on your keychain !
 When i ordered this product I thought it was metal and was scared it was going to be heavy on my keychain . I have never used this in an emergency and that is great but this is lightweight , looks very sharp , safe and sturdy . Would give 5 stars but do n't know if it actually will brake a window but probably as you can not push the front down by hand takes some force .
 It seems like auto makers or car dealers would throw this safety device into the package of each newly purchased vehicle for free . Not only to sweeten the deal but to protect your customers and to show you care . For the price , it just seems like the right thing to do .
 Very powerful shot to the glass . Havent Actually used on a car window but i used it on a bottle and it sure dif the trick !
 This small tool can be very useful when a percanse . can be the difference between life and death . is recomienaste product is very practical .
 The ResQMe keychain works exactly as advertised . I tested it out on two separate occasions on a derelict vehicle at a junkyard -LRB- with permission -RRB- and it worked great . The window just shattered , did n't break apart though , so all it needed was a firm tap and it fell apart . I guess it depends on how much force you use to press the device on the glass itself . Well one of the guys who were around asked me if he could try ... and it worked again , just as before . He was sold , said he was going to order a couple for his family . I 'm definately going to order a couple more myself for my wife and a few friends .
 It breaks windows ! what else could you want from a window breaker ? oh , whats that ? it cuts seat belts too ? buy this now , and put it on your key-chain , kicking out a window is harder than the movies make it look .
 I do n't know how well it will work and I hope I never have to find out ! ;--RRB- My husband seems to think it would work fine in an emergency . It is well made , not cheap and looks very durable to me . I bought four . I could n't imagine not getting my kids one . I would have never forgiven myself had they been in an accident and needed one .
 this item is and could be a life saver so please get youself or your love ones one today thanksRichNewark , nj
 This tool is far more valuable then what it cost ! Its made to always be where you can get to it and remove from the key ring in an emergency . The seat belt cutter is protected until you need it and the glass breaker can easily be used ! I bought them for everyone in my family and plan on buying more for friends !
 This is a must have for anyone who is interested in self reliance ! I have to admit that I was a little disappointed with the five pound pressure spring glass braker , but nonetheless it does a fine job and offers a unbeatable price .
 Hope to never have to use these . Price is right . Perfect stocking stuffer . Had good online reviews about how well it worked . Rec 'd it quickly . Black for the guys .
 i just received my resqme and it works like a charm . i tested it on similar seat belt material and it cut it with ease . and i pushed the part that is suppose to break glass on a hard cover book and it seems to be in good working order . i think its a good tool to have in a case of an emergency in a vehicle . and its American made !
 Cool product nice price and functional as well this was a gift I was really impressed with the service and the product was exactly as discribed
 I saw these on The Doctors and on Dr Oz . I was so impressed with them that I gave these out to friends and relatives and they immediately put them on their keychains . I may hand some more out this Christmas.This is a little gadget that could save your life if you are ever trapped in your car as it can break your window glass so that you can escape through a window and you can cut your seatbelt off with it .
 I have n't actually had a chance to try the ResQMe tool out yet , and I 'm happy I have n't ! But I have seen it demonstrated on TV , and I have a lot of confidence that if I ever need it , it will work as described . I am also very happy with the price and the delivery time I received.I personally know someone who lost control of her car and drove off a bridge . She and her brother were trapped in her car underwater for a short time until someone who happened to be fishing off the bridge dove under the water and helped release their seat belts . Had that good Samaritan not been there , the outcome might have been much different . Having one of these tools on your keychain could be the difference between life and death .
 This is device is amazing and is a lifesaver potentially . Although I have never had to resort to it , it now lets me relax knowing I can use it in case of an emergency . And at $ 10 , its hard to beat .
 I received 2 of these . I opened them and I was immediately satisfied . The clip that holds the tool to the key chain is very strong . I have no complaints . I have not been able to smash any glass with it yet , but some day if I need it , I am very confident it will do what it is supposed to .
 This little lifesaver is a bit bulky , but if you remove unnecessary stuff from you key ring , which you should when you keys are in the ignition , its convenient design leaves it ready to pickup easily in case of emergency . The make is solid , the blade will cut through any belt and the punch will need a few shots before you can put down a window safely broken down to pieces .
 I bought more than one , and gave them to my family members . Very handy when on the key chain . I will depend on it working if needed .
 People in China , especially in Beijing , do need it.But it is easier to break the window just by your key if anyone sees the instructive video filmed by some japanese .
 this is a great gift for my dad , it seems to work well I ca n't test it as I do n't have a window I want broken , but the premise is good
 I have buy this super tool , I like the super functionality in a situation of emergency , I have try the blade and wow ! I like the color black &#8230; . Always is best prevent &#8230;
 I am an EMT . I see plenty of action on a weekly basis . Trust me ! Get one . Make it your main key chain for your car keys . In an emergency , it will be at your reach and always in the same spot . It can be use without the need of getting the keys out of the ignition switch . Just grab , pull , and use . During an emergency , you will not have time to look for the brake away tool in your glove compartment or lying arround somewhere in your car . You need to react quick There is no way that you can misplace this tool . If you do , you lost your keys !
 As a former paramedic , I immediately recognized the value of this tool . I purchased more for friends and family . The center punch wo n't break the windshield , but does break a side window . I keep it on a clip which can be quickly removed from the main key ring for use .
 I got this for my wife for Christmas . The shipment from the store was on time and the tool was fine.I give it only 4 stars because although the tools looks very well made I still have n't put it to the test.Hopefully we 'll never have to find out , other then that the tool is solid .
 Excellent . Every keychain should have one . A little larger than you might think , yet not too cumbersome -LRB- I hate bulky key chains -RRB- . It really does n't add too much to your keys and it &#34; hangs &#34; very well . Whatever you do , DO NOT PRESS THE END DOWN WITH YOUR THUMB COVERING THE LITTLE HOLE . Yeah , I know ; stupid , huh ? Nonetheless , you are just compelled to do it and I 'm sure I 'm not the first ...
 I have this tool on my key chain and I 've bought this in various colors for family members . The blade will cut through any seat belt very easily and the spring window breaker will do the job for breaking glass . During an emergency people will be pumped full of adrenaline just remember to apply pressure on the corners of the window . This is a must have for anyone who lives or drives near any large mass of water .
 I tried out on an old car and it WORKS ! cuts through belts like the proverbial hot knife through butter . If you want to test it out you 'll need to push striker back into hole with dull nail to reset it . .
 So , do n't place your thumb over the pin hole and push down . Basic pilot error on my part , I visually misunderstood how the glass-breaker worked , so learn from my mistake . No blood , but , like , ow . I 'm just sayin ... For the seat belt cutter , the best way to deploy it is to actually put the key ring onto the end piece . Then , when you want to uncover the blade , hook your finger through the key ring , hold the other end with your other hand , and pull . It pops right off with a moderate amount of force . It 's never coming off accidentally , but it does come off when you want it to.Like I said , I have n't needed it yet , but I can tell you that the pin went though about 7 sheets of thick notebook paper and left an indentation on the next 4 , so I 'm betting that much concentrated force against a window would do the job . Very light , too , and easy to carry.If I do need this , and it fails , and I die as a result , I 'll edit this review and take off a few stars .
 i bought a few a these for all my vehicles . -LSB- this type and the hammer type -RSB- i tried this one on a car in the junkyard . it broke the side window into pieces . the cutter sliced the seat belt to my liking.this tool is not for breaking glass bottles .
 I purchased the ResQMe yesterday and am satisfied with it . It does what it claims , no more and no less , and generally seems well-suited to its task . Here are some more specific comments : - First and most importantly , it works . After it failed to break several items -LRB- a box , a glass , and a taillight , in that order -RRB- , my brother suspected I had thrown away my money . Much to my delight , he tried it on one of his car 's windows . It immediately opened a small hole , which compromised the integrity of the window and would have easily allowed us to push out the rest . -LRB- Over the next twelve hours , the window continued to shatter in slow motion . -RRB- We did n't test the seatbelt-cutter but have no reason to doubt its efficacy . - It 's almost all plastic and very light , much lighter than I had expected . It is roughly the size of a retractable car key but a bit longer and thinner . Overall , it 's well-suited to carrying around on a keychain until such time that it 's needed . - The key ring attaches to the safety clip so that , if the key is in the ignition , a single yank will release the device . I was a bit worried that this design would allow the device to come loose in my pocket , exposing the blade . However , the clip seems fairly secure and , even when it 's removed , the blade presents no more danger than one of those idiot-proof letter openers . - The image shows a piece protruding perpendicularly from the device -LRB- pointing toward the top left in the Amazon image -RRB- . Mine does n't have that , I do n't know what it does , and I 'm not concerned . - The blade is visible even with the clip attached . I imagine this will present a problem in an airport but it 's not so expensive that I 'd be heartbroken if it were confiscated .
 As a Health & Safety person , I fell in love with this little device and have recommended that all company vehicles come with one attached to the keyring ... I have also bought them for my family , most of which live in states where having your car submerged in water is a reality . Although it does not take out the windshield , which is a shame , I gave it 4 stars for both design and for the fact that it can be keep near at hand , unlike the larger hammer-type designs . By having this on your keyring , you will be able to reach it even if you are stuck in your seatbelt or in a situation that prevents you from reaching the life hammer in the glovebox . It also is valuable since I usually have my keys with me , even when I am not driving . I would recommend that everyone should have one of these close to the driver and a life hammer in the glovebox for the passenger ... you never know who is going to need it to get out of the car . I too , hope that I will never have to use this thing ... but I feel safer having it . It is worth the money .
 Being a firefighter and already owning a window punch and seatbelt cutter , I was alittle wery about buying it . Well , today we did some training in the junk yard and every window I came to easily busted out and the seatbelts were cut . The only down side is the size . With out gloves you may get cut when breaking the window and the belt cutter really works best if the belt is tight and you are in it . All in all I think it is a great emergency keychain for any driver and soon my wife and mother will own one .
 Excellent for the every day driver.I got it as a gift , and bought 4 more for my family .
 Since I bought this I have had several people I both work with -LRB- I am law enforcement -RRB- and am friends with ask me where they could get one . It 's small and lightweight but tough . I keep this on my main keys and I want to get one for my wife 's keys now . I tested the glass breaker on a beer bottle -LRB- I am sure that is NOT advised since beer bottle glass is not at all like auto glass -RRB- and it punched a hole in the bottle on the first try and then shattered it on the second try . I think everyone should have one of these on hand just in case .
 Went to a junkyard with my brother and tested this tool out . It definitely works . We cut through the seatbelts in a handful of older model vehicles and broke the windshield on one and the side windows on another . You defintely need to put some umph behind your jab , but I do n't see that being a problem when you 're going on adrenalin in a life/death situation . I bought one for all of my brothers and my parents who travel a lot via RV .
 I bought one for everyone in my family , and put them on my kids key rings to make sure the did . I made each one of my kids test fire the punch on a piece of hardboard so they know what to do with it . I told them about safety glass and which windows it would not work on . great product
 Nice tool . Easily breaks glass and safely cuts seat belts in a size that makes it likely that you will have on your person . The best tool in the world wo n't help if you do not have it when you need it . Mine is attached to my keys and has been used several times in my role of a first responder .
 It looks nice . But now I has no chance to use it . Hope that it can work well in case my car is in the dangerous situation . thanks
 Purchased this for carry at work & after 2 years I finally used it . I punched a rear window to a mini van out with no problems . Just remember to keep your hand towards the rear when using it so you do n't get stuck with small bits of glass .
 Got one for my wife 's car to make sure she could get out if need be . Super compact and easy to use .
 If it works in an emergency I will update this review . If it does n't work then I will be dead and will find it difficult to make further comments .
 This product is just what I ordered . I hope I never have to use it . Its better to be safe then sorry . Exactly what I needed . Super fast shipping . Thank you !
 Definitely a good quality tool . Hoping I will never have to use it but great to have in the car .
 I have n't used it to bust any windows open or cut anyone out of their seatbelt , but it 's nice to have if I ever need it . It 's also a good conversation piece . Not bulky on my keychain . Recommend
 I have not gotten to use this yet and prey I do n't have to . I 'm a college student go to WVU and there are a lot of mountains and when it snows the roads can be dangerous . I bought this just in case I ever wrecked . It 's small probably the size of my car key . I have had it for two months now and I feel a lot safer when I travel home and to school . I have to say when I put my keys in my pocket and am sometimes afraid it 's going to push up against my leg and jab me . I would defiantly recommend this to anyone who drives . Never know when you might wreck and this could save your life or a friends .
 Purchased 3 of these for various cars we own . The literature says it will not work on the windshield . But , it will work on the side windows . Well built and small enough to hang from a knob on the dash . Note , I think it will not work on an RV window since most of these are dual pane . It has a seatbelt cutter built in , you just ca n't see it in the photos .
 I was in a driver-side car accident , totaling the car , and was afraid that I could n't get out of the seat belt . This little tool on my key chain will always be handy so I never need worry about that again .
 My firefighter coworker recommended I purchase this item . I bought one , liked it and bought one for each of my family members . It is small enough that I keep it on my keychain , and easy to pull off in case of an emergency . Never know when it might save your life !
 HelloI bought this on August 13th , and received it on the 18th . The unit is small , about the size of my car unlocking fob . I used it on some cardboard , and it left a nice little indentation in it . As for the real deal , I have no junk cars to test it on glass , but I feel confident that it will do the job it is intended for.It has been mentioned here that the piece that closes off the blade , and attaches the unit to a key ring could come off accidentally . I do not believe that this is so with the unit that I received . It did not come off hard , but I needed to use a reasonable amount of force to get it to separate from the tool . I do n't think that it will be falling off accidentally anytime soon.For those that want one less thing to worry about , I recommend the Resqme tool , and amazon.com as the place to buy it . It also comes in yellow , and in two packs , which was unnecessary in my case , but adds extra savings for multiple users.Thank youTodd
 Bought these as stocking stuffers for everyone in my family . figured that if I 'm gon na buy Xmas gifts for people they items better be functional and have high utility .
 I have never been disappointed with buying these . I 've bought one for myself and one for my girlfriend . I have not had to use it yet but when I do , there it will be to save the day .
 The tool is even smaller than I expected , and it has a very clear guidance . Here is my purchase experience
 I wanted this tool for peace of mind with my two small kids in the car , in case I needed to extract them from carseats quickly . It is a small enough size to stay on my keychain , and I have confidence that it will do the job of cutting seatbelts and/or breaking windows as needed . I gave the item 4 stars instead of 5 because the instructions , although they came in several languages , actually did n't illustrate how to use the window-breaking mechanism properly and I ended up stabbing my thumb with the little pointy part that is supposed to stab the glass . Luckily it did n't break the skin on my thumb .
 This looks like what it is - I just hope I do n't have to use it . Did test the spring loaded punch looks A-OK .
 I became aware of this product through Amazon 's targeted advertising . My first thought was , `` oh one of those things that they say you need to break your windows if your car ever gets trapped underwater . '' I do n't ever anticipate this happening , but if it were to happen , I will be ready.I see this product having more use in the event of a vehicle rollover , where you needed to get out of the car quickly and are trapped . The unit separates from the key chain with a pull . One slice of the seat belt and a punch to the window and you 're out of the car . Worth $ 10 for sure . Plus , I think it makes for a better key chain anchor than the stupid things most people have on their key chains .
 This is a must have tool and should be in every cars survival kit , especially if you 're in heavy flood or snow areas where you can be at risk of being stranded . I ordered this along with myNOCO Genius G750 6V/12V 750mA Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainer -LRB- Grey -RRB- and there was no shipping cost . So if you plan on purchasing this little tool , combine it with something else to take advantage of the free shipping .
 This product is a wonderful idea . I bought one for my 17 year old daughter and one for me . However , a major design flaw - if you keep this on your key chain - how will you disengage the key chain if the car is in drive , which it would be if you were in an accident or went into water . Who would think to put their car in park , if you could , in order to get to the ResQMe ? While I liked the idea of the key chain version , it 's better to keep it hooked to something else . Do n't put it in the console or glovebox . If they pop open on impact , you could lose the contents of both and then what good would it do ? I think they should have come up with another way to keep this in your car . For now , I have it attached to my turn signal arm with a rubber band . At least until I come up with a better solution .
 I wish I could give this a positive rating due to experience , like the 67 other users who found themselves submerged underwater while driving . Unfortunately , I chose `` Free Supper Saving Shipping '' the week before I last found myself slamming my palms on the inside of a car window.Now that I finally have my ResQMe , I feel much more comfortable while driving over frozen lakes .
 I 've always been the type to make tools out of ordinary objects , take apart and fix nearly every mechanical and electronic device I practically come across often being known as a `` MacGyver '' type to my friends . And I 've always enjoyed having these kinds of widgets ... finding unconventional uses and applications for all these kinds of things , and having alot of fun along the way . Being interested in survivalism for as long as I can remember as well , I find this handy for Urban Survival applications as well as `` ordinary '' day-to-day uses . So in my `` quest '' to put together my own personal -LRB- and all street legal -RRB- Urban S.E.R.E. `` Houdini '' kit , I for now , I have added this to the ever growing list of items I keep on me and around me . A few other items I carry -LRB- ca n't give all my tricks away -RRB- include and can be found here : Tool Logic CC1SB Credit Card Companion With 1/2 Serrated Knife , Compass , Magnification Lens , Tweezers and Toothpick , Translucent BlackGerber 22-41770 Artifact Pocket Keychain ToolResQMe , The Keychain Version of the Original LifeHammer -LRB- Black -RRB- Chums The Band 20mm WideWatch Band -LRB- additionally great for creating another `` detatchable-pocket '' to conceal a couple blades and key/s -RRB- KA-BAR TDI Law Enforcement Last Ditch KnifeComtech StingerParacord Cobra Stitch Survival Bracelet made out of Black 550 Lb Test 7 Strand Nylon Braided Parachute CordFURY Tactical SDK Self Defense Keychain 5.75-Inch with Pressure TipLeatherman 830795 Charge ALX , Black 6061-T6 Aluminum Handles , Black Molle Sheath PLUS Leatherman 931009 Bit Driver Extension ... to name a few things you may find helpful as well . Will I ever need these things in `` extreme '' scenarios ? I hope not , however since I 'm not particularly fond of guns , cities are very dangerous , and accidents can happen anytime anywhere , little things like these can indeed make all the difference . That aside , again they 're mostly great for everyday ordinary uses , and many a time have been great conversation starters . For me , I 'd rather have them and not need them than need them and not have them , though most come in handy every day and if anything are simply a kick to have around ; -RRB-
 Love the design ! It 's actually quite smaller than I thought it would be and is almost unnoticeable in my pocket . The pictures made me think it was bigger.Also , the quick remove clip is REALLY sturdy . You can pull it off quickly , but it seems like it wo n't fall off of the clip in my pocket ever , which is obviously a good thing.As long as it works -LRB- and I hope I do n't have to use it someday -RRB- , then it seems like a great product !
 At this writing , I live in Minneapolis . There 's a lot of water here , and one of our bridges collapsed a few years ago . That 's the kind of thing that gets you thinking about escaping from a submerged vehicle . It is not a theoretical contingency.This is the most convenient tool I 've seen that I 'd trust to save me in such a situation . A LifeHammer is bigger , but the odds that I 'll carry one with me are about nil . The ResQMe is light , handy , and safe . I can not recommend it more highly .
 I have seen some horrible auto accidents in my time and in my travels across the country . After witnessing so many people get themselves out of their vehicle using this `` ResQ Me '' tool , I have come to purchase one for my wife and myself as well . This is a great little tool that brings about a great deal of comfort and confidence in any driving situation . I would suggest any automobile driver , whether a domestic or cross-country driver , to invest in one of these tools - it is definitely worth the $ 10 . Worth its weight in gold !
 Worth the price . I drive all the time in NYC , I have seen some bad accidents . This is a tool everyone should have at their disposal
 Its light enough and well designed . It is also inexpensive as well . Hopefully , you wo n't forget it since it weighs very little ? Place it well , so its availible in an emergency ...
 I first ordered four a group of friends . Everyone likes them and I reordered for another four . Thankfully I have n't had to use mine but they are nice and compact and I carry mine on my keychain in case I ever need it . I would recommend everyone having one just in case . Who knows when you might have an accident and need to break out of your seat belt or car window . The orders came in very timely .
 I bought these for safety for me and my whole family . Bought this color for my brother who goes to Arizona State it is a great ASU gold !
 Luckily I have n't had to use this yet but it seems sturdy and it 's not too bulky for my key chain . I 'm not sure I 'd have the reaction to grab for it in an accident but it could save my life ???
 This product does exactly as it says . I have been carrying it on my keychain for over a month now and it has n't caught on anything yet , which is good because my previous keychain tool got caught on everything . Breaks glass easily , but I have n't tested the seatbelt cutter .
 My only complaint is Amazon does n't make it clear if there are for the rear or front windows . Easy to install and protect the interior if you want to leave your windows cracked
 Ordered this for my mud truck to slow down the belts a bit as I had an issue with the power steering belt flipping upside down at about 7000 rpm . Easy to install , ca n't exactly tell a power difference with a 600 horse motor , but it did cure my belt issue . A couple things to note if you 're planning to install these . The factory belts , -LRB- at least for a 87 Chevy Pickup -RRB- will not fit , Gates part numbers are as follows
 Exactly what I was looking for . They fit very snugly and seem to have good craftsmanship for Made in China . Lets hope they hold up for the long haul . I 'm excited to use them . The red in the picture is darker than they actually are . I 'd call the red colour in actuality `` solid red '' moreso than the burgundy look in the online picture . Probably just a case of bad lighting . They match my Red '07 ZX6R nicely .
 I love this sticker . I have it on the back of my truck and when the sun hits it - very pretty . Good price and good purchase .
 I purchased the TINK decal along with a several other Tinkerbell car accessories for my daughter 's first car . The decal is so cute . I received the decal in record time and paid no shipping ! The price on Amazon was great !
 It will look great on my friend 's car when I give it to her for Christmas . Another perfect purchase from Amazon .
 I ordered this because my friend of 17 yrs passed away . She loved Tinkerbell and had her on her car . So I bought 3 . One for me , her Mother and her Daughter.She is colorful and absolutely darling on my car . I smile when I see her because she reminds me of my friend and I know God is taking care of her .
 the tinkerbell decal i ordered is very pretty indeed . i got it in a very timely manner and would order again if need be .
 Love Tink , put these on my Town and Country 's back windows . I also have the whole interior Tink car set .
 Attention Imperial owners ! This drivers door window switch which is originally listed for a LeBaron fit my 93 Imperial . The cross reference chart states that it is not a match but it fit just fine with some shorter mounting screws . The plug in is identical and the screw holes line up perfectly . This part is about 1/8 '' narrower at the front end than the original for about 1 '' of its length but is not noticeable when installed . Buy this part for your 91 to 93 Imperial as new replacement switches do not exist for that model . Also , big kudos to the dealer that had the part . This was the third source that I ordered it from .
 When both front windows on my PT Cruiser stopped working simultaneously , I figured it was a bad switch . This item fit perfectly , snapped right in , and solved the problem .
 This is the second time I have purchased this paint . I will probably purchase more in the future . It is just that good !
 it 's made in Taiwan , which is WAAAAY better than CHina . They actually make some pretty good stuff in Taiwan , always have.not sure why they do n't actually state it but FYI this is made of REAL glass . for those of you who are well aware than many cheapo products actually use a PLASTIC mirror , it 's nice to know.i did not realize -LRB- my fault -RRB- that this has a very specific mounting bracket but the picture shows it clearly so it 's my bad . i will have to get some hardware to mount it but this thing is huge and awesome .
 For the priced I paid I was expecting cheap quality , what I received was way above my highest expectations , I 'm going for more !
 I installed these window visors on a 1993 Ford F250 & they fit perfectly.Previously the truck had a cracked/faded/old pair of a different brand name installed & they looked horrible ... in addition to looking bad , they were very wide & the front triangle windows would not open on either door due to the visor hitting the glass upon movement . I removed the old visors & old double sided tape , cleaned the surface , and then installed the new Auto Ventshade 92068 on the doors . PERFECT FIT ! And , the best part is that these are not nearly as wide & my triangle windows will open fully with no contact with these!Very easy to install & they look great . *** Tips on installation *** - If removing old visors & old tape , keep in mind that the old tape will basically be as hard as chewing gum on the bottom of a middle school lunchroom table ... almost impossible to remove without scratching your paint . It removes much easier when hot , so either park in the sun or use a blow drier on it . Also , to remove it use PLASTIC !! Do not use metal -LRB- it will scratch your paint -RRB- . I found the easiest way to remove the old tape was to heat it up , scrape it off with a 20 oz drink cap , then -LRB- while wearing gloves -RRB- use isopropyl alcohol with a rag to rub the remaining glue off . - Clean the surface with a streak-free glass/window cleaner . Dont use the included joke of a `` cleaning pad '' that is nothing more than a wet-wipe from a fast food joint . - Line the visor up BEFORE removing the adhesive tape film . If you cant eyeball it easily , take to blue painters tape & make a template on the door so you can line it up 100 % correctly . Keep in mind that you only get one shot at this ... the tape is EXTREMELY sticky & you will bend your new visor if you try and reposition it once it sticks to the paint.Good Luck!Woodstockva
 this light weight flywheel only weighs 15 or 16 pounds which makes it great for quick starts . less mass and weight means more hp for getting down the road .
 an ac delco is a way to assure that you will not have any problems with your flywheel they used these in the corvettes.yes they are oem.but if you buy a super cheap flywheel are you not taking a chance of having it blow up?i dont know about you but i would rahter drive then fix .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I installed these myself . They fit the vehicle that was described to fit and installation was easy . Best price . Could n't be happier
 These aere the best brakes that I have ever purchased . I recomeend these highly to anyone doing a brake job .
 The A/C had been out in my 2003 Dodge Intrepid for 2 yrs with the diagnosis of a leaky evaporator coil -LRB- typical -RRB- . The dealership replacement cost was $ 1000.00 , with most being labor to remove the dash . Researched sealants on-line and found this one to be the best bet.On June 20th ordered and received a couple days later . I followed directions to the letter regarding initiation of a vacuum on the system with a less that 5 PSI leak-down in 30 minutes . I then vacuumed the system for a total of 45 minutes , charged the system with A/C , then added the sealant . I Then drove the vehicle for about 30 minutes with the A/C on full blast.I was skeptical that this would work but the A/C has been cold the entire summer , and believe me it was a hot one . Would recommend and buy again . Just make sure that you follow the directions as stated , DO NOT DEVIATE !
 The product was shipped quickly and arrived safely . I used it to restore functional AC in my 1990 Miata . Works as advertised in sealing the system . I did have to add a couple additional cans of refrigerant after using this to seal the leaks .
 Add my story to the list of successes !!! I tried finding a leak but could not locate it . After installing the leak sealant and while idling the engine I finally found the leak . It was at a housing weld on a tube going into the A/C condenser . You could not see it without taking off the bumper shroud on the 2001 Ford Escape.While I watched the leak hiss and bubble courtesy of the bright green leak detector dye , it started to slow down and stop . Within 5 minutes it had stopped . The sealant had been in the system for about 20 minutes by then .
 Before trying this I read most of the reviews on here . I have a 1998 Ford Ranger and I am pretty sure my leak was in the condenser but I did not feel like troubleshooting and replacing the damaged parts . The reason I think it is the condenser is because it has a spot in it the size of a softball where something has hit it . I did not pay much for the truck and it is a spare vehicle so I did n't want to sink a lot of money in it . I tried charging it before but it only lasted a couple of days . After reading the reviews on here I figured I would give the Cliplight sealant a try . Here are the steps I followed
 I was very frustrated to find that the a/c on my 1994 Ford Explorer still had a leak after I had replaced every single component other than the compressor . I added ultraviolet dye , but could not find any trace of the leak . After pulling the system to 29 '' of vacuum , it would bleed down below 20 '' after about 5 minutes . I did some research on a/c leak sealing products and decided to go with the Cliplight Superseal as a last resort . The leak was larger than what Cliplight recommends its product should be used on , but I tried it anyway . It has been 12 days and 300 miles now and the a/c is still nice and cold . The truck would previously lose enough refrigerant overnight for the a/c to stop working . I recommend this product , but it should be installed by someone who has a/c repair experience and has access to the equipment needed to pull the system into a vacuum and recharge it with refrigerant .
 My coolant was only lasting a few hours per can for the last two summers . We had decided to just park my 1999 Blazer for the summer rather than spending the money on a new compressor . Its 104 * in the shade here in the South and driving without AC is not an option . We decided after reading the reviews to give this Super Seal a shot . It has been over 3 weeks and we still had ICE cold AC ! It worked great for us . We put the Super Seal can in and followed it with a full can of coolant . I hope it works for you too .
 Installed it yesterday , it sealed off everything and the A/C is blowing ice cold ! saved me more than $ 3,000 dollars !!!! EDIT
 I do n't write reviews on Amazon , but I must break my silence this time
 Our 2002 trailblazers ' air conditioner failed this summer . Went to a local repair shop and was told that the evaporator had to be replaced at a cost of $ 1200.00 , how ridiculous . I had previously bought a can of compressed R-134a freon at an auto parts store and input it into the air conditioning system of the trailblazer . The a/c worked fine for a few days so I knew that the evaporator was fine , the system had a leak . I ordered super seal pro and followed the instructions that came with it . The auto parts store `` loaned '' me an a/c vacuum pump to evacuate my a/c system . I used the super seal pro and another 2 cans of R-134a and my a/c has been working fine ever since . I saved over $ 1100.00 doing it myself . Do n't take your local repair shops word for such a simple procedure .
 I have to admit I was skeptical ... . I 've tried many times over the years to use a product that claims to seal an A/C system only to have realized the next day , that it did n't do what it advertised . I took a gamble with this latest product . I brought my system down to just about 30mmHg as advised and left the vacuum pump on and running for an hour . I then turned off the pump and waited approx 30 minutes ... there was no appreciable loss of vacuum , so I figured the leak was relatively small . I followed the directions in the package , and so far , it 's been over a week ... my a/c is still blowing cold air ... I definitely recommend this product !!
 I bought the Cliplight 946KIT for my 1992 Toyota Tercel which has some type of very minor slow leak somewhere . Each year I have to have Freon added to it . I read the reviews of CLIPLIGHT which I am always skeptical about these products . I took it to my mechanic and had the 946KIT injected into the AC System and then added Freon . The system has never worked this good in that vehicle . It literally will freeze u in there . Completely amazed how this product sealed the seals or whatever it did ... but this stuff works ... its only been about a week but never have had results like this ... I usually would get most of the summer on a charge ... but given how cold this is I am shocked ... this product seems to be doing the trick ... in my R12 even at that . Definitely give this product thus far raving review ... If you are considering a stop leak product I would definitely consider this one ... I agonized over trying to find one for the older R12 systems but this one shocked me ... but all the product reviews were excellent too I coul dfind ... Good Luck ... 06/17/11 - Update - My A/C in my 92 Toyota has never worked this good ... it will literally freeze you out ... prior the charge would not hold for any substanital time but this ClipLight stuff really really works ... I am always hesitant on the reviews but this stuff definitely works or worked for me ... and I was thinking of ditching the car in the summer cause I needed the AC ...
 Installed 3 weeks ago in car that had not had AC for 2 years . So far has stayed cool . I am pleased.Detailed directions somewhat confusing . Should give overview of general theory before details . Otherwise someone could get confused and put the sealant before charging the system . That would probably be a disaster .
 My AC stopped working because the freon level had leaked off . At first I simply added enough freon to bring up the pressure , but this soon -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- leaked off . I then purchased the Super Seal Pro Kit , added the freon to bring it up to normal pressure ; added the contents of the kit and let the vehicle run for 20 minutes . Its been over a month and so far , no loss of freon . My only complaint
 It 's been a few weeks since I used the product . so far so good . the real test will be this summer .
 I recently purchased a 1979 Mercedes 230C . I live in Foley , Alabama where the summers are hot and humid . Shortly after purchase the A/C quit cooling . I took it to a local A/C shop . They refilled the 134 freon and tested the A/C . The A/C started working but within 4 days stopped cooling . I took it back to the Shop and they refilled again , this time with dye . They checked the whole system for leaks and could n't locate any . Their verdict
 A LEAK WAS DETECTED IN THE EVAPORATOR , BEHIND THE DASH OF A VOLVO . REPLACEMENT WOULD ENTAIL COMPLETE REMOVAL OF THE DASH . THE LEAK WAS LARGE ENOUGH TO LOSE COOLING IN A MATTER OF DAYS . ONE CAN OF THIS PRODUCT HAS ALLOWED THE SYSTEM TO REMAIN FULLY CHARGED FOR A MONTH OF CONSTANT USE DURING A TEXAS HEAT WAVE . SO FAR , SO GOOD . AS A SIDE NOTE , WHILE BUYING HVAC PARTS FOR A RESIDENTIAL JOB , SOME GUYS WERE COMMENTING ABOUT HOW CLIPLIGHT 'S HOME UNIT SEALANT HAD WORKED ON A LEAK THAT THEY COULD ACTUALLY SEE . IT TOOK THREE CANS , BUT IT FINALLY HEALED THE LEAK , SAVING THE CLIENT ALLOT OF MONEY.SOME MECHANICS AND HVAC COMPANIES WOULD RATHER COLLECT THE BIG $ $ FOR A FULL REPAIR , SO THEY DO NOT WANT TO SELL OR RECOMMEND THIS TYPE OF PRODUCT .
 It worked for TWO years!I recommend it as a last resort thing but yes , it works like they said .
 Last year I charged my A/C in April and by June it was empty . So this year I charged it again using the Super Seal product . It is now December and I still have a charged system . I 'm impressed !
 Used this product on a 1957 Continental Mark II with factory air conditioning . The air conditioner had a moderate leak that would leak the freon down to significant bubbles in a week . I installed the Cliplight leak sealer according to instructions . The system leaked initially so that some slight bubbles were visible in the sight glass but after driving the car with the air on for a reasonable period of time the leaking either stopped or was significantly slowed , it has been five weeks since the product was installed and the air conditioner is still making cold air and the visible bubbles have not noticeably increased . I was skeptical but the product seems to actually work at least considering the costs of professional air conditioner repair it 's worth a try .
 It works well on my 2003 Hyundai . There must be a large leak in the A/C as it stopped blowing cold wind only two days after I charged Freon fully . The super seal repairs the problem and gives me cool air during this hot summer .
 Has been about 1 month since I put sealer in A/C unit . At this point Air conditioner still working great .
 This stuff is awesome ... It saved the A/C on my son 's 89 Firebird . . My brother who is a HVAC technician was doubtful that it would work because he said none of that sealer stuff works ... Well it fooled him !!! Cliplight Manufacturing 946KIT Super Seal Pro A/C Leak Repair Kit
 I have an old -LRB- ' 94 -RRB- Bmw . I had been trying to recharge the AC with no luck . I kept loosing pressure above 23 psi . Now I am Not a mechanic or anything even close . I did n't even vacuum the system . I just introduced this stuff , ran the AC for a while and then added the 123a . It held and has been holding for over a week now . I would highly recommend this product highly if you are having a leak in your AC system . IT WORKS like a charm .
 I bought an old Mercedes 124 to restore with my sons . i found that the car had an evaporator leak . These cars seem to be built around the evaporator and to replace it involves disassembly of the front of the car . The lowest quote I had was $ 4,000.00 to replace the evaporator and recharge the system . I figured i would try this stuff first . I followed the directions and almost 1 year later the AC still blows ice cold !
 My 1994 Explorer had completely non-functional air conditioning . I replaced a rusted out line and blocked orifice tube , and the accumulator/drier . However , when I charged the system , it leaked down within 24 hours . I could hear a hissing , but was unable to find the leak . Three cans of ultraviolet dye later , I was still completely unable to figure out just where the leak was . Not knowing what part to replace , I had almost given up on fixing the A/C in my truck , and figured I 'd give this Cliplight sealant a try - after spending so much on parts and cans of refrigerant , what did I have to lose ? Even though my system was leaking down faster than what the Cliplight documentation said it could fix , I thought I 'd give it a try anyway.When it arrived , I was unimpressed . How could this tiny little can of sealant possibly fix my system ? I evacuated recharged my system once more and followed the very precise and detailed instructions that came with the Cliplight kit.An hour later , my leak was gone , and the system was holding pressure . It has been three weeks since I used the Cliplight sealant , and my truck 's A/C has held its pressure perfectly , and the A/C is blowing ice cold . I never would have expected this product to work , but it does - amazingly well ! I ca n't recommend it highly enough.You need to have some clue as to what you are doing - this is not a typical `` DIY '' product . You should have proper manifold gauges and vacuum pump equipment . But if your car 's A/C is leaking and failing within a few days of being recharged , this is the product for you.June 2008 update
 Like many owners of older vehicles that have converted to R-134 refrigerant , I found that the smaller molecule is harder to contain in an aging system . My freon recharges were lasting only 6-7 weeks , and the solution proposed by repair experts would have cost way more than my '92 Sable is worth . My seasoned Pep Boys shop manager was dubious about the chances of success for this product , having already seen the failed results of many different sealants . At the same time , he was glad to take my money to vacuum-pump my system for well over an hour in order to evacuate all the moisture -- this is critically important.Now I did not follow Cliplight 's advice and replace the accumulator because my seasoned Pep Boys shop manager opined that boiling out all the moisture should be enough . -LRB- Not to mention that replacing the accumulator would have been an additional $ 175 . -RRB- After recharging with R-134 and the Super Seal Pro , I added a step that was n't included in the instructions
 I bought this because in over 2 years my 1997 Miata would never hold a charge for more than 2 days whether I used it or not . I had tried the dye kits with black light to find the source of the leak in a pitch black garage and could n't find the source the leak . I also tried other seal kits without any luck.After reading customer reviews about the product I decided to give it a try and 3 months ago I followed the instructions and bought a can of R134A to recharge my Miata . Three months later with constant use of my air condition it is still holding it 's charge and blowing cold air.It is important to note that if you 're thinking about buying this product that you will need an air conditioning vacuum . I picked up a cheap vacuum kit from Harbor freights for $ 15 -LRB- retail -RRB- and hooked it up to my air compressor and it worked well . You will also need to pick up an air condition gauage set -LRB- $ 40-50 at Harbor Freights -RRB- . The vacuum will suck out the moisture from the air conditioning system and allow this product to properly seal up . Should you choose not to vacuum the system you 're just wasting your money.With that being said , I would recommend if you 're a DIY type of person and have the appropriate tools .
 My 1998 Mercedes E300 Diesel was loosing freon at the rate of needing freon each 10days . The leak was narrowed down to the evaporator and . would require much labor to remove dash and replace the evaporator.Purchased Cliplight Super Seal Kit.Followered the directions and the leak was sealed.The repair was 6 weeks ago and still holding . Temperature promptly drops to 50 deg and really enjoyed during this 90 deg weather.Smithburg Auto SalesGmcLawrence . Owner
 I had given up all hope when I came across this product . When I recharged with it the first time , the coolness kind of went down in 2 weeks . I had a little left in the can so I used again -LRB- I know that 's not recommended -RRB- . Now its been 6 months and its 100 degrees here and my car is as cool as ever . Thumbs up !
 My A/C was leaking . I was putting one can of freon in every week . I could not figure out where the leak was . So I took my Ford Taurus to Pepshmoys . They told me the compressor front seal is leaking . New compressor needed , parts plus labor = 770 us dollars . That 's a little too much for me.So I ordered Cliplight Super Seal . Rented a vacuum pump from AZ -LRB- for free -RRB- . Followed the instructions and my A/C is blowing cold . Cold enough to get me through this hot Houston summer .
 My son bought an older car and we were chasing leaks everywhere . Used condenser installed and then the compressor had a leak where the casings join , not the end seal . Installed a new filter/dryer as required with the Super Seal and no leaks at all for about 3 weeks . Looks good , recommend . Comprehensive kit .
 2000 Dodge Dakota leaking . Dealer estimated $ 1,000 for the repair . Followed directions to the letter and AC is working great . BTW - I did this 3 years ago ... Hopefully you will experience good results as well . I live in Arkansas . Temps here exceeded 100 degrees multiple times this summer .
 It 's been a week and a half and so far so good . I 've been driving around for two weeks with no AC in my volvo . Not recommended when it 's 107 degrees outside . I knew that there is a major leak in the system . I tried other stop leak which did n't work . But this one is the best , just make sure you follow the instructions very carefully . I did n't even need to vacuum out the system . The key here is that the engine needs to be off when you hook up and open the can of super seal . Then let it run for 20 minutes !! It saved me a bunch of money and my old volvo is blowing ice cold air once again .
 This product is fantastic !! When I noticed there was a leak on the lower-side port AC hose , and I installed this Super Seal Pro A/C leak repair kit can along with a couple cans of R134a Freon onto the lower side port on my 1997 Ford Expedition 4WD with a Rear AC system . I drove it around town for about two hours or so . Surprisingly , it sealed to leaks permanently , and I could feel a Cold AC coming out from all the vents . This is an excellent product for everyone to use and safe in every way .
 Good product . I have a huge hole in the evaporator . The refill will escape in less than 18 hours . I use the product and it did n't fixed it , but close the hole enough that the AC will hold pressure for a month before need to refill . I do n't care paying $ 12 refill a month that trying to fixed the evaporator on my ford focus 2000 that I will soon replace , and were the cost of repair due to the incredible dumb place the evaporator is located that cost a minimum of $ 800 . I did n't thing this product will be able to fixed good enough such a large leak , but it did.Instructions are a bit confusing for a non mechanical person , but with time and patient can be do the job as it should . You have to be careful to read well and follow the right procedure .
 I live in Orlando , FL . It gets really hot around here during the summer . I had a leak on my car A/C , I would add freon and in around 2 days the A/C would stop working because the freon leaked out . I tried many different sealers , they worked for a couple of days to a week . I used this product before the summer started and it has been over 5 months and the car 's A/C is working great . I placed a thermometer around the vent and it reads around 38 deg . for the cooled air coming out and this is when the outside temperature is above 90 deg . This product is easy to use and it really works .
 I had this put in at a local body shop , it cost about $ 65.00 for the labor and 2 things of recharge , and $ 29.00 for the Super Seal Premium by Cliplight , and it has been working like a dream all summer ! Sometimes it gets so cold that I have to turn off the A/C for a minute ! This will take care of your A/C problems , but I recommend having it done professionally . It 's totally worth the extra money to have it taken care of the right way . I was going to try to do it myself at first , and did some research ... for one thing you could really hurt yourself if you do n't know what you 're doing -LRB- A friend of mine knew someone that got refrigerant on their hand and they ended up losing the entire hand -RRB- , for another it only took them 1 hour or less to put it in for me . Driving the car the next day I thought it was going to quit working , the cool air stopped coming out a couple of times , but I left it on and a few minutes later it started blasting back out . The more you use it the better it gets . It probably takes some time to really circulate good . Now it works like a dream ! I 'm getting some more for my other car and for my moms car .
 I had a leak in my a/c system for a few years , I would put in a lb or two every summer , but this year it only lasted a few days . could not find a leak ! The only time my sniffer would sound off was in the a/c vent NOT GOOD looking at 1,000.00 dollars at dealership , I thought I would give super seal a shot , read instructions serviced a/c its been about five weeks now a/c still blowing ice cold IT IS A PRODUCT THAT DOES WHAT IS ADVERTISED .
 I highly recommend this if you want the a/c heater blend door to work properly.Four stars because it realy improved the a/c and the price was a lot lower than the dealer price .
 Just installed and so far it 's 5 stars ! I had to replace mine because for some reason either the little motor in it went bad or some elec issue kept the motor running making a clicking noise and broke off a few teeth in side the actuator . Either way I needed a new one ! Just so you know there are 2 actuators in the HAVC systems in the trucks that have the digital controls . One is the Temp/Defrost actuator -LRB- located on the left side of the air distribution case -RRB- and the other is the Mode Actuator -LRB- loacted by the blower motor -RRB- . This Dorman 604-103 was an exact replacement for my mode actuator -LRB- 2 pins/wires -RRB- . There were a few differences in design from my old one and new one -LRB- see my uploaded pictures -RRB- . But it worked fine.Just some tips , There are 2 screws holding these in -LRB- 9/32 or even 7mm works on 'em -RRB- and an alignment `` nub '' , wiring just disconnects but you have to squeez and pull on the connector . Also note that you need to dissconnect the battery in order to rest the computer for the new actuator , after waiting 2mins or so reconnect and the key to on/run -LRB- not start -RRB- and you should be able to hear the actuators moving . I cycled mine throught there ranges to make sure they worked !
 This part is applicable for the Air Inlet Door Motor on the 1993 GMC K1500 . I purchased the 604-124 model which has 5 connectors , but the Air Inlet Door Motor only have 2 connectors . The Air Inlet Door Motor -LRB- or actuator -RRB- is the one located directly behind the glove box . I believe either part will work , but the 604-103 is half the price .
 I 've been riding motorcycles for over 23 years and have owned many brands of helmets , including Shoei , Arai , HJC , Nolan , KBC , Bell and Icon . Of these , Shoei is the best . The Shoeis last longer without any problems , are not as noisy as other helmets , better ventilated and can take a beating . The other helmets tend to incur small problems after a year or two , but the Shoeis have lasted at least five years and is still in great shape . I just bought the RF1000 and instantly noticed that it is lighter than my previous helmets . Shoeis will be more expensive than most other helmets , but it 's worth it because you 'll use it for a long time . Buy a cheaper helmet and you 'll be replacing it every 1-2 years .
 I bought a SHOEI RF-1000 white and I have to say that is a great helmet.Solid construction and design . Also very good vetilation . I like that is not a bulky helmet . The only problem is a littles fog if you close completely the windshield and the outside temperature is around cero degrees celsius , but otherwise is great !
 hey , this is not just another can . i was skeptical because of all the hype . but really , it 's pretty good . the helmet does n't get jerked by the wind when I turn my head . i can hear pretty well , albeit a bit muffled . i can see great out of this thing and it does n't give me a headache -LRB- like when you look through cheap shields for hours -RRB- . that breath guard is a really good idea , especially after Indian food . heck yea , I 'm pleasantly surprised .
 i got this one time and it was durable and really nice when its raining or snowing and u want to have the window down ! it install easy and is very strong material . i would recommend . i got a 04 chevy silverado ext cab
 These work as advertised , put them on my Silverado and could n't be happier . Weathertech makes a good product , stick with this type and not the selfstick type .
 The thing I like the most is how seamless it looks on my truck . You see the ones from auto stores , there ugly compared to this . Easy to install , took 5 min to install . Weathertech makes a great product imo its worth the money
 The Tourance wo n't let you down . Good traction on the tarmac , and pretty good traction off road , if you lower the pressure below 20 psi . Not bad in the rain , either . The rounded profile provides for smooth side-to-side transitions , too . A good all-around performer .
 The packaging was great , they were delivered at the time promised , they went on the vehicle without a problem and they look great . Thank you Amazon once again for being `` THE BEST '' I know there are a lot of companies out there that make ventshades but working with this brand before makes me want to stay with them ... always easy and always look great.Auto Ventshade 92079 Ventvisor Deflector - 2 Piece
 Installed on 2001 Honda Odyssey ... took about 20 minutes . No drilling , just cleaning , dry fit , then stick on . They have been on a couple weeks now with no issues at all and allow me to vent the car especially when raining . A little more wind noise added when window is at certain points but common sense expected this . Great purchase .
 I swear by vent shades . I bought a used car with them attached , and will always use them from now on . Specifically , this product was exactly as described . Sturdy plastic with adhesive strip for attachment . Tip - Before exposing the adhesive , use masking tape to square it to the window rather than trying to eyeball it
 Item worked great and was just as advertised . Simple to install and looked as good as original . I would purchase another if needed .
 These fit the hinges perfectly but you will have to get some small sheet metal screws to lock the hinge pin into place . Bear in mind that the vent lid is actually a generic lid with a metal hinge riveted on to match the fixed hinge on the trailer . The contour of the vent does n't exactly match the seal on the fixed part of the vent so some air could still enter at the corners . I do n't see this as a problem since the vent edges turn down enough to prevent any water from running into the vent . These polypropylene vent lids are a lot cheaper than the polycarbonate , I hope they last . I am not sure what material the old ones were made of but were probably original on my 1988 trailer . They were cracked and disintegrated when I dropped them on the ground . I am happy with the Camco replacement lids that I purchased and would recommend them to anyone needing replacements who does n't want to spend an arm and a leg for the polycarbonate ones . I took a star off for not providing the little sheet metal screws to retain the hinge pin .
 for my Ford Bronco ii . Ford has always been known to make good spark plug wires and these are no exception . What made it a bonus for me in buying these is that these wires had been made so long ago that there was no world wide web address on the box , thus I knew these are better wires than what is out in the replacement wire market today .
 i have a question , i will like to know how this thing work , it work manual o with air compresor ? o electricity ?
 I ordered these for my 2002 Ford Escape 4Cylinder XLTThey were perfect fit just as the one that originally came with the vehicle . I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 I ca n't say if these are going to last for years or not , but what I can say is these Ford OEM wires are a perfect fit . The last set I had were not -LRB- and they went bad quickly as well , maybe because they did n't fully seat or something . -RRB- Car is firing on all cylinders now . The price here was far cheaper than buying from the dealer parts counter , and they were shipped quickly . Good purchase .
 The spark plug wires were packaged for shipping properly , was an exact replacement , and worked perfect . I also replaced the coil and spark plugs and now the car is smooth again .
 These Ford OEM plug wires are a fantastic deal ! My originals where still like new , after 6 years and 90,000 plus miles on my Focus ! Could n't believe it ! So I made sure to replace them with ONLY FORD OEM plug wires . These replacements are identical to the original factory installed ones . They are pre-greased and very easy to install . Amazons ' price in nearly half what the dealerships want for them . What a great deal on a high quality FORD OEM product .
 This is the best leak detector I have owned . It is really sensitive to small leaks . I owned a Inficon leak detector and it does not even compare to this CPSLS790B leak detector . This CPs detector will pick up the smallest leaks with no effort . The only thing I do not like about it is the alarm sound has a funny sound to it . But man this thing works . I 'm not going to use my old Inficon leak detector no more after buying this CPS tool . CPS is much better . I do n't think this detector does the new refrigerants . Not 100 % sure on this but I believe I 'm correct . Research this to be sure . I no it does R22 and R12 . I would buy another one .
 Good service , fast delivery , very well satisfied with product . Would have been helpful if more complete information and specifications were included when comparing this item with others and ordering the unit .
 I bought this unit used but returned it because it was n't the model that I thought I was getting . No problems getting my refund through Amazon and bought the CPS LDA 1000 model . Did try it out though and it seemed to work just fine . After talking to the people at CPS , the model I got -LRB- not a LS790B -RRB- was just an earlier version .
 So far seems reasonable to pick up real small leaks . Like anything have to read between the lines on readings
 This worked as advertised . I used it to confirm that I had a leaking a/c compressor . It is very accurate . I already have used it twice to pinpoint refrigerant leaks . Awesome product . Highly recommend and will not be dissapointed !
 I have not had this tool for long so can not speak to its durability . However , it appears and feels sturdy and well built . The price was very reasonable considering its quality . All this would be inconsequential if this tool did not work , but I was able to find a leak in an auto air conditioning system in five minutes , that I had not been able to find with flourescent dyes .
 Not only is this tool USA made , it is of very high quality . I used this same unit at the dealership for vehicle A/C work and it performed flawlessly . Easy to use , compact , detects ALL refrigerant types . This is definitely a professional tool , and a great value .
 I am really impressed every time I buy something from CPS , they make real tools , that look real durable , with style and functionality . This detector has many useful functions , alarms and levels on sensibility that are a must for every AC tech . I hate cheap Chinese tools that in the end makes you look like a cheap technician , I love CPS products and I support things made in the US , I understand that companies have to cut costs and manufacturing overseas is a way to do it , but they are making customers pay for something less than they expect .
 Fit great on my seats -LRB- Honda Civic -RRB- look real nice esp.my car is black so it 's match perfectly .
 I have had these seat covers in my car for about a year now . They are a bit faded but that is expected since I do n't have tinted windows and live where there are sunny days almost year round . The material is still holding strong and the print has not rubbed off at all . My Border Collie often rides in the passengers side and with these seat covers it makes cleaning the hair and dirt off the seat so much easier , just wipe with a cloth . No tears in them yet and I really do hope they last for a few more years .
 I 've been riding motorcycles for over 23 years and have owned many brands of helmets , including Shoei , Arai , HJC , Nolan , KBC , Bell and Icon . Of these , Shoei is the best . The Shoeis last longer without any problems , are not as noisy as other helmets , better ventilated and can take a beating . The other helmets tend to incur small problems after a year or two , but the Shoeis have lasted at least five years and is still in great shape . I just bought the RF1000 and instantly noticed that it is lighter than my previous helmets . Shoeis will be more expensive than most other helmets , but it 's worth it because you 'll use it for a long time . Buy a cheaper helmet and you 'll be replacing it every 1-2 years .
 I bought a SHOEI RF-1000 white and I have to say that is a great helmet.Solid construction and design . Also very good vetilation . I like that is not a bulky helmet . The only problem is a littles fog if you close completely the windshield and the outside temperature is around cero degrees celsius , but otherwise is great !
 hey , this is not just another can . i was skeptical because of all the hype . but really , it 's pretty good . the helmet does n't get jerked by the wind when I turn my head . i can hear pretty well , albeit a bit muffled . i can see great out of this thing and it does n't give me a headache -LRB- like when you look through cheap shields for hours -RRB- . that breath guard is a really good idea , especially after Indian food . heck yea , I 'm pleasantly surprised .
 The product was just what i was looking for to replace existing vinyl on my trailer . My one concern was how it would hold up under extreme heat in Summer and extreme cold in Winter . That information would be useful to add . thanks .
 This is much thicker and has a much stronger full width cross brace across the middle where the crank arm attaches . It felt much more rigid and substantial than the original vent cover that blew to pieces when the trailer was parked . It fit perfect and seems to be quieter than the original when it is open and the wind blows . I like it and would recommend it to anyone .
 This is a great product . Be careful when ordering , to ensure the correct model for fitting . This is the best replacement .
 I bought this for my enclosed trailer 's pop up vent . My old cover was cracked and leaking , so this is what I used to replace it . It definitely was higher quality than the OEM one , and fit perfect . BUT , I ca n't speak to it 's longevity since after installing it , I noticed the plastic frame was also broke and leaking . So after about 6 months I replaced the entire thing with a metal one .
 The new batt . holds a charge for a long time . I recieved the shipment in a few days and the price was great .
 I am very pleased with the power wheels batteries . They were shipped promptly , and I even received them ahead of time .
 This battery came before the day they told me it would and it came precharged ! It was also cheaper than I found in the store .
 With recent canges to battery style and connections this was an upgrade to pre existing technology . Works well with faster charge time .
 fast shipment price was ok not much to say about a battery it keeps a good charge ill buy again when needed
 I use this on my motorcycle and it works very well on the plastic windshild.Puts a coating on that keeps the love bugs from sticking ...
 Easy to use and returned the shine to my 5 year old RV that has been stored uncovered out doors . Two cans cleaned my 30 foot RV and a month later it still looks great .
 I am not an RVer , but I was an employee of the company that makes Full Timer 's Choice Black Streak Remover . So I know it 's a quality product ; however , it 's not available at any convenient location near me -LRB- which is nowhere close to an RV supply store -RRB- . I 'm so glad that I can go to Amazon to order it and have it delivered to my door . BSR is a tremendous household cleaner ; it cleans floors better than any other commercial product I 've used .
 This product cleaned the black streaks from the motorhome with ease . Be sure not to let it dry however , as the directions warn against , or you will have to reclean it . Use as directed made the RV look new again .
 This switch and stalk fit my Honda Civic perfectly and saved me so much frustration . I should have bought this long ago instead of fighting with a partially working wiper system . This car only has 100,000 miles so it should be around for many more years but it 's the little things that go wrong and drive me crazy until they are fixed .
 This leak detector way out performs any leak detector i 've used in the past . And I 've been in the field for over 15 yrs . It worked really well for R-410a . The tone is easier to hear in load places but it really impressed me when it found a leak i couldnt find a leak with another workers detector . have refered it to numerous co-workers and at amazon.com at price cheaper than any place locally ... this is a really great product .
 I purchased this for general automotive a/c work -LRB- R134a -RRB- . Have successfully pinpointed leaks on several different vehicles . One hose leak , one condenser leak , and one leak at a 0-ring fitting . These were very slow leaks , and this unit made finding them easy . I used it at the highest sensitivity setting where it was still quite stable . Take your time and carefully explore around everything that has refrigerant in it , even areas where you do n't expect a leak . You will find the leak with this unit . False positives are infrequent . Also used it to find a slow leak in an R410 home system . I am very satisfied , and recommend this unit .
 Easy to use and is spot on when detecting a leak . Controls are simple and self explanatory . The battery compartment cover is not designed to last , I am already having problems with the one on my unit.It has paid for itself with 2 `` positive '' checks already .
 Bought these about three years ago , still going strong , still detects and beeps as it should . The sensitivity meter has been useful , and the quality is great . Would recommend .
 Cann ' t complain about one thing with this leak detector , it 's less than half the cost of Grainger!I use it for leak checking medical equipment that uses SF6 -LRB- sulfur hexaflouride -RRB- . This thing is spot on , comes in its own case and 2 C-batteries are included !! Right out of the box and ready to go ! Ca n't beat that .
 False alarms near some aged rubber components -LRB- like accumulator insulator and condensate line -RRB- but otherwise works nicely . Paid for itself at least three times over in a month for DIY work .
 Great product . I love how good it works . Makes my work so much easier and faster . I buy another one if i ever need to .
 AWESOME ! EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED @GREAT PRICE !!!!! AND THANKS FOR FAST EFFICIENT SERVICE ! SAVED ME TIME/MONEY ! TOTALLY SATISFIED ! I WILL BE BACK !
 This leak detector works great!I bought it for work . It is very sensitive , it can sense a decent size leak from outside a condenser . So far I am 5/5 with finding leaks . My company 's leak detector -LRB- a D-Tek -RRB- is no where near as sensitive , even on high.It does come with a nice nilon case , and a wall charger . ** NOTE
 I bought my ZX-1 December 28 2009 . I used it on my Honda Accord . It 's far more sensitive than any kind of bubble detecting or dye detecting could ever be . Works great on R12 and R134.So on July 6 2010 , I was using it again for only about the 4th time total . I 'm am not a shop , just a private user . The vacuum pump inside the ZX-1 was intermittent , then died . It would only make a high pitched whine instead of the sound of a small pump motor running . The pump sounds seized up . I thoroughly checked to make sure nothing was clogged . I will call TIF tomorrow -LRB- July 7 2010 -RRB- and see what their warranty service is like , and will update my review.I 'd rate this unit 5 starts easily , but the vacuum pump died after 4 uses in 6 months.For a great comparison of the various freon detectors look up mechacc2000 and TIF ZX-1 on Youtube . I do n't know the guy , but he uses a calibrated freon leak to test 6 different freon detectors for sensitivity . Those videos are why I bought the ZX-1 . It 's now called the ZX by the manufacturer .
 I like doing my own car repair , the AC unit had a leak and started by buying the dye kit . There was a problem with the UV light and ended up returning it . Could n't see any dye outside the car , but before I rip out the whole dash -LRB- that 's what it takes on a BMW -RRB- to replace the inside core I wanted to be sure . Got the unit charged it and install the detector and check the whole outside area of the car -LRB- nothing -RRB- . As soon as I opened the door it went off ! I adjust the unit so I could probe about and sure enough the leak was at the inside core -LRB- later that week the dye leaked out with the drain water -RRB- . The unit was simple and easy to use . I expect the battery pack will die before I need to use it again . I removed the sensor and vacumum packed it again to try to make sure it would last . The unit was simple and easy to use , wish I had got it first instead of the dye unit .
 works very well recived with in two days of order and used next day to find leak , accurate easy to use recommend to anyone that works as an automotive technician , I 've only used it to inspected r134a systems so far
 These appears to be the same as the quality ones you get at the truck stops , but for much cheaper . I love it . Ordered 2 . Very happy with it .
 I use this mirror to watch the passenger side of my vintage car as I 'm backing into the garage - it works exactly as i envisioned it would .
 I recently had an old truck mirror break and was n't sure where to find one just like the one I broke . Went to Amazon and found this mirror , and was exactly like the one I broke . Very well built to last for many years to come .
 Stainless steel of hefty construction , outlasts the black finish version by a good 5 years.Replace the included mounting bolt which is not stainless if in a corrosive environment .
 Although these are `` truck '' mirrors , I find them perfect for home security purposes too . I had been using the larger , more expensive ones -LRB- at about 3x the cost of these -RRB- . Now I realize I can get the same field of view with these . They can also be mounted with flat strips of metal that can be purchased at Lowe 's , Home Depot , or just about anywhere . These are strips of flexible metal , about 1 '' wide , with differing lengths -LRB- 3 ' , 4 ' , 6 ' -RRB- . The entire length of these strips have holes in them . This makes it much easier to mount because you can put in your mounting screws anywhere , cut the length you need , and most important , it 's easy to bend/twist the metal strip to get the proper angle to optimum viewing . I have one mounting outside my front door so I can look through the peep hole and see if any packages have been left on our front porch . I have another mounted next to where we have our garbage bin - if someone is hiding behind a nearby bush the convex mirror will detect them . I have a 3rd mounted at the end of our carport so when we pull in we could see if there is anyone hiding around that corner of our house . I prefer the mirrors with the chrome backing because sometimes that 's the side people would see and the chrome seems less noticeable . Please note
 Exactly the part I needed for my 2.5 L Jeep TJ 2002 , I work at Pepboys and sell the same exactly product . Got this hose cheaper on here than with my discount at Pepboys lol . OVERALL
 Not sure if it is OEM but does look good and fits . I would buy again . The price is also right .
 Best seam sealer I have found . Good adhesion , stays flexible , wo n't crack . WARNING !! Very bad fumes for about 24 hours . DO NOT USE IN ENCLOSED SPACE !! It is brushable but it is very stiff . I 've found it easiest to apply with a putty knife , then brush out with a small stiff paint brush . About 10 minute working time before it starts to skin over .
 Leak Finder kit is a high quality product with many automotive uses.I found the price to be very good .
 This same kit is available in various versions from various vendors for widely different prices , so pay close attention to which version of the kit you are ordering . I found the complete kit here for less than the partial kits cost from some other vendors.So far , I have tried only the radiator coolant leak dye , and it worked just fine .
 I recieved the tracer universal leak kit , and it was exactly what was described , works great I had a hydraulic leak in my skid steer couldnt find it for months , so I added the dye let it run through the system turned on the light that comes with kit and it was easy to find were the leak came from great product!Joe
 This is an effective , simple design that does exactly what it claimes to do . The feel is rather `` cheap '' but it works well enough . One word of caution , depending upon your door , the instructions may be in the opposite -LRB- ie , upside down -RRB- so check before drilling the hole . Otherwise , this is effective but should probably cost a fraction of the selling price ... it 's dubious as to the long term durability . However , since there are n't any other solutions on the market , it gets four stars for doing what it is intended to do which is open the door without having to hassle with the slider .
 This was an easy product to install . My husband had it done in a matter of minutes . Works great to open the screen door on the camper instead of sliding open the little door to get to the lever . I recommended this to my friends who have campers as well .
 FANTASTIC PRODUCT . WISH I HAD DISCOVERED IT YEARS AGO.SHOULD BE STANDARD EQUIPMENT
 Knew I chose correctly when my wife said she liked it ! It 's cheap and easy to install . Helps keep more bugs outside . Would definately recommend this to anyone who owns a camper .
 What a hassle to slide the plastic `` door '' to be able to get outside of your camper - where have these been ??? Everyone should have one !!
 The Camco 43953 RV Screen Door Opener works as advertised . It remedies the standard design flaw of needing to slide a panel to reach the latch to open the screen door . It is a simple product that should last the life of the RV . It is easy to install and came with good clear instructions . It 's easy to use and I love it .
 I bought this about 11/2 years ago and should have bought it sooner . It was a breeze to install and works as advertised . rather simple design and you could make something similar yourself but for this price you ca n't go wrong .
 Lever is pretty good . Just be carefull when drilling the hole . I drilled mine near the end of the door lever and it tends to slip off the door latch . Otherwise works well .
 This little product is worth it 's weight in gold . I have shown this to several other RV folks and everyone agrees that it is ingenious and I am sure they will order one . Great product , as usual from CAMCO .
 I purchased this item and Camco 's screen door bar . After installing -LRB- which was easy -RRB- I had to order 3 more sets for other members in the RV park .
 I did not install yet . It looks like it will work fine . I 'll let you know when I am done .
 I use this to open my screen door without having to to open the sliding panel to reach inside to open the door . Keeps bugs out while making the door easier to open from outside .
 We needed these cuz of the bugs in our neck of the woods ... we were letting more in everytime we opened the door ... this has helped !
 Make sure you have a 9/16 '' drill bit for install which is not in a typical set of drill bits that stop at 1/2 '' . A roto-broach is my personal recommendation for the hole . It will make a perfectly round hole that a drill bit wo n't . This item is worth the money , works great and easy to install .
 this is a wonderful thing for those of us who are not too crazy about the flying marauders invading our space it is easy to install but if your slide is old I recommend getting a new one .
 nice looking when installed , still can see interior but not as easily.have it installed by a pro get it done proper .
 This was a great product ! Quick shipment ! Perfect fit for a 2003 Kx 125 big bore kit . Came with everything needed .
 The push bar I ordered took about 2 weeks to arrive , but it was well worth the wait . I pulled the ends apart to make it long enough to fit the screen door on our house , 30 '' wide . There are no directions supplied , but it 's really obvious how to do the installation . The bar comes with 4 self-tapping philips head screws.I tried putting the screws in by hand , but the aluminum was too hard to start without a guide hole . I used a 1/8 '' bit to drill one guide hole on the top right and got that screwed in . I then leveled it off , drilled the top left and got that screw in . Total installation time , less than 5 minutes.It 's robust and the white color matches our screen door . I 'm happy that I do n't feel we 're going to push the screen in each time we use the door .
 It 's great ! You can use this item on household doors to prevent the kids from poking holes through the screen , & for much less then retail home center 's charge .
 Even though this is listed as an RV item it works perfectly on my front screen door . It lengthens or shortens in the same manner as a curtain rod . It was so easy to install I did it myself . My dogs love to jump on the screen door and look out . Now I do n't have to scream at them to get down . They use the push bar as a paw rest and look out the door causing no damage at all to my screens . This is another item I have no cons to add .
 The pushbar is a very solid , well made product that not only looks great but definitely provides a solid means to open and close the door and gives the somewhat flimsy screendoor some much needed rigidity . It installs very easily and has only one drawback
 The Camco 43977 RV screen door push bar solved my problem . It looks good . It mounted really easy to the door . Now I can use my hip to hold open the screen door while I unlock the main door , without pushing out the screen in the storm door , when the window of the door is in the open position . I can also raise and lower the storm door 's window easily if I want , with the push bar mounted to the door . I did n't use it on an RV , I used it on my summer home side entrance storm door . It looks good , and solves an irritating issue .
 I ordered the Camco Screen Door Push Bar on the reccomendation of another RV Fulltimer , and have not been disappointed . It was easy to align when installing and only required drilling a couple of pilot holes to mount . It not only gives the screen door , needed , support , but also gives you something to grab when reaching to close your door from the inside when the door handle is lower and harder to reach . It also helps prevent you from pushing on your screen and damaging it . It adjusts to whatever width you need and I am very happy with my purchase . Well worth the purchase price and much more supporting then the single bar alternative you see .
 Solid product . It 's only downside is also its greatest feature which is the ability to expand dynamically to fit many door sizes . This causes a visual split in the bar and makes it feel a little less sturdy than I would like . However , the convienance and easy installation makes it easy to look past these minor issues . Price is a little steep , seems like $ 20-25 would be a better price for what you get . Mine also had a small blemish in the paint job , but not worth returning it for .
 Bought product for my screen door at home . Works great , easy installation . Protects screen from the butt hold when arms are full ...
 push bar works great ... actually will fit a 36 '' door . . I sized it to fit and I drilled and put a rivet in each bar on the back side , making it even stronger ...
 No more pushed in door screens that have to be repaired and the aftermath of killing bugs that get into the living space . Push the bars and the screen stays intact . Great product , installed in 10 minutes !
 worked just fine for my restoration mustang project . almost impossible 2 get originals off without damaging them so i ordered these in case . definitely used them
 looked great on my honda vtx 1300 looked great on my honda vtx 1300 looked great on my honda vtx 1300
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 Eagle One , Chrome & Wire Cleaner does exactly what it says it is supposed to do . My 2005 Chrysler Town & Country gets so much brake dust and it 's unsightly and extremely hard to get off . I used to get a brush and sit down and spray other cleaners and scrub away for an hour or so and not get much off . I actually at one time had the wheels taken off at the dealer and soaked to get the brake dust off . I have tried three other products without much success . I saw Eagle One mentioned in a recent issue of Handy Man and decided to give it a try . My wheels look brand new , they are so shiny , I could n't believe how easy it was . Just spray on and let it set for 30 seconds and sure enough spray off and that 's it . Great product !
 I bought these gloves for winter motorcycling and they do a good job for short rides under 50 mph and temperatures above 40 degrees -LRB- f -RRB- . They flex well and strap over my cuffs to keep the wind out . Anything over 30 minutes , over 50 mph or under 40 degrees I 'd look for heated gloves .
 I could n't believe I found a fuel pump for my 1960 Cadillac at Amazon.This came shipped to my house for less money than I could find it locally , a lot less !!! Thanks Amazon!I will be using Amazon again for sure .
 I love my Icon gloves ! They are very comfortable and I feel VERY secure when I wear them . The construction is very strong , and they have great protection over vulnerable parts of the hand.This is a great product and I recommend it highly !
 Gave to my husband for Christmas and he loved it . He put it on the jeeps spare tire and looks and fits great .
 Bought this item for my camper . Fit the spare tire perfect . Received this item on time and not damaged . Would buy again .
 Do n't waste your time with aftermarket wires . These are cheaper on Amazon and fit/work perfect .
 The value of the hose is that it is neutral . I.e. , it will not flavor your water with a hose-like or rubber taste . In that regard , 5 stars.The quality of the hose is just OK . Although it 's fiber-reinforced -LRB- protecting against bursting -RRB- , it is relatively thin and the ends are stamped steel , not solid brass . You can easily deform the ends , causing leaks . I found the hose lasts for about a year when left on a parked RV , then has to be replaced.It works , it 's cheap , but keep an eye on it .
 It 's a quality 10 ft hose ... but it can be purchased at WM for 6 dollars .
 You may go a lifetime without worrying about drinking out of a water hose at home . After all , you -LRB- and your children -RRB- just take an occasional sip . It is n't your regular source . But if you have a need to convert your outdoor faucet into a drinking water source , even temporarily , the thought of that nasty hose dragged through your lawn year after year may give you pause . If so , consider an RV water hose like this one.I brew beer at home , about once a month . After years of trekking in and out of the kitchen for filtered water , I decided to save some steps -LRB- and the carrying of a few heavy loads -RRB- by putting a water filter on my outdoor faucet and using this hose.Some say it wo n't hold up to regular , daily use . I ca n't talk to that . What I am suggesting is that there may be uses for this hose beyond hooking it to your RV . And for something like home brewing , it is a great solution . Hook up an RV water filter , use this hose to avoid giving your beer unwanted flavors , and you are ready to go ! Cheers !
 We bought this hose for use on a basement dehumidifier . The hose comes with washers which allowed for a leak free hook up and was the perfect length . The reason I deducted a star is due to the stiffness of the hose . I am not sure if it is due to the fact it is a drinking safe hose , but its is extremely stiff compared to a garden hose . We were eventually able to get the hose to straighten out , allowing for easy drainage . As a hose it works well . No leaks have been detected and it was easy to set up . The metal connections seem of higher quality compared to the plastic connections found at our local stores .
 Add a faucet adapter and you have a great way to get water in various areas of your kitchen ! Great value !
 I am happy with my purchase . It is exactly what I expected and I would recommend to friends and family .
 Got this to work with a self watering dog bowl ... which is another review . However , the hose works great , and I can find at this point 3 weeks after purchase and use any faults !
 Used for a motion controlled sprinkler in my back yard -LRB- take THAT poopy-cats -RRB- . Anyway , the hose is leak free even after several hard freezes into the 20s .
 I use this hose to fill food quality water drums next to my water treatment unit . Great price and quality . I wish it came with a cap to seal the hose . I bought a 3/4 inch PVC pipe cap to keep insects from entering hose when not in use . works fine .
 This water hose was great . I elected to use it for our basement dehumidifer instead of for it 's intended purpose . Easily attached to it , and now I do n't have to constantly go down into the basement to empty the reservoir .
 Camco 22743 TastePURE RV 10 ' Drinking Water HoseWhat else can you say about a hose works as described .
 This hose was what we needed . Bought this to provide potable water from a garage utility sink . Hose used to fill water coolers carried to various locations for the drinkable water for an outdoor event on a very hot day .
 What can I say , it is a waterhose . We are using it for a outdoor dogwaterer , so we have not actually tasted the water that runs through it , but the dogs seem pleased ! Hard to get too excited about a waterhose in a review , but as waterhoses go , it is a good one !
 This hose is a great hose if you need a 10 ' hose . Just know that 10 ' is n't that long so if in doubt , buy the 25 ' .
 The hose is exactly what I needed to use to fill my potable water storage tank .
 This is hose is perfect for an RV or as I bought it for an automatic refillable dog bowl . The water tastes fresh & not rubbery as with some hoses , but do n't expect more than what it is - It 's a hose !
 The hose works great with the dog water bowl . It has the necessary male end and female end of the hose .
 Used it to hook up the dog bowl . Do n't know if the water tastes good coming out of it , but the dog does n't complain . Of course , she drinks from the toilet and eats garbage , so she 's really not my high water mark for quality.It is nice because it 's a short enough length , and I do n't have to have a huge hose just for the dog bowl .
 Nearly perfect fit for my Colorado.I wish the backing was just a bit thicker.Got dark red to contrast with the blah color interior .
 You do NOT need to remove the adhesived back , despite the commentary by another `` reviewer '' -- the instructions explain how you can just take off the top portion to replace the batteries.It is not a blindingly effective light , but it does work . The Dot-Its were recommend to us by folks on the Scion xb boards -- the light in the interior is n't suffcient . The Dot-Its work very well and fit nicely throughout dark spots . The adhesive is very strong .
 easy to apply , really great reflectivity ! would recommend this to anyone looking to be seen ! Have used thinner tape in the past , needed wider tape , this was perfect .
 The Sherpa Seat Belt Shoulder Pad is one my wife uses in the winter to ease the discomfort she gets from wearing her seat belt . She injured her neck and shoulder in an auto accident and the shoulder seat belt pad really helps , especially when we 're traveling any great distance . She uses this one in the winter but prefers using theErgo Seat Belt Shoulder Padin the summer . It 's well worth the price for the ` no pain ' safety benefit she gets . ~ The Boss
 watch the page description says 6 pads per package ... not so , one only . . making this pricey.made well , does the job , comfortable . but at 2.91 for each , high cost . amazon may have changed the description to one per package by now , or they should anyway .4 stars due to the cost .
 I bought this about 3 years ago for my two kids seat belts . It has worked fantastic for them . It keeps the seat belt from scratching their necks . I even found another great use for it just yesterday . My son broke his arm and the sling strap was chaffing his neck a lot . I put this around the strap and he is all comfy now . Great product .
 I am using this as a camera strap pad , works great for that purpose . Shipping costs were to high !
 I bought several of these to use on my outside water faucets at my house > We have very high water pressure and my hoses kept splitting if I left the water on . These reduce the water pressure to a level where I can leave the water on to the hose on the deck and it has been ok all summer .
 As advertised . 4 stars only because it would be nice if there was a fitting at the top like a garden hose . It 's fixed as one piece so you have to remember to put that on first then connect the hose . Pressure is just right for car washing and no more burst hoses .
 My marina has 95 PSI water pressure -LRB- I measured -RRB- and continuously blows mine -LRB- and everyone 's -RRB- water hoses if left on . I bought this and measured the `` new '' water pressure and it is now 50 PSI which is great.One draw back is now my water pressure is at a normal level and I have the lost the `` pressure washer '' effect at the nozzle of my hose , but at least my hose will last more than a week.Also , this is made of plastic and will break if you yank on it !!! I have my hose secured so this does not happen to me .
 seems to be deliberately placed there . . do n't know if its a pressure relief hole or what since there are no instructions or anything on the package .
 It is a nice liner , I had purchased the front liners some time ago , however the back line looks great in my Lexus . The fit was a custom fit and the protection that the liner provides makes it well wherther the money spent .
 I saw this on TV and wanted one immediately ! I was thrilled to find it discounted on Amazon . It lives up to the hype . I am constantly driving around kids who feel it is their life 's mission to spill their drinks in my car ; weathertech caught the spill everytime ! I would highly recommened this product .
 I researched the product & found it to be right for the application.Bonding fiberglass lower 1/4 's to the existing good steel.I am a body work rookie but was just concerned with bonding the 1/4 's not finishing.This product worked GREAT ! . Easy to apply -LRB- with a rather expensive mixing gun -RRB- . Easy to work . You have time to spread over seams & fine tune the application.Easy to clean up -LRB- I used lacquer thinner with no problem -RRB- . Recommended to anyone looking to do the same.This week , I 'm trying it on a gauge pod bonding to the existing A pillar . .
 90 minutes to work with it , then it 's hard as steel in about 4 hours . Low fumes/smell . Mixing tip system works well . If you do n't use all of it , be sure to wipe off the plug before replacing . Wear latex gloves = a must . Awesome product !!! Professional grade bonding .
 Had this hitch for about 3 months now and have covered a good deal of mileage with my 15,000 lb fifth wheel and am VERY happy with it . Hooking up is a breeze and towing was smooth . I almost bought a 16K Reese and am so glad I noticed this one and got it for around the same price , but its in a different league ! Buy it ... you wont be disappointed !
 Installing in vintage Chevy retro pickup . Nice custom look that looks like it could be factory ! Beats installing gauges under dash where they 're hard to beat.For this price I expected the plastic to be cheaper and thinner , but these are top notch high quality sturdy PVC . I used a piece of black self adhering door trim to finish the look and hide the seam between the pod and dashboard and they look fantastic.Nice product for a great price !
 Very stock looking produt looks very dealer installed when done . Very high quality . Looks flawless and matches dash board also .
 voy a cumplir 3 a & ntilde ; os que lo compre y expuesto al calor del tropico se mantiene impecable como el primer dia
 This unit has a super cool Blue light ... looks awesome , fits in and is adjustable to the socket ... does not distract like the green dragon ones .
 PRETTY COOL ADD TO ANY CAR ... GOES WERE YOUR LIGHTER WOULD GO ... GREAT FOR PEOPLE THAT DONT USE THAT LIGHTER FEATURE OF YOUR CAR . . ADDS STYLE BUT SADLY I AM A SMOKER AND I TEND TO USE THE LIGHTER MORE THEN THIS ...
 These are great if you want your car really low ... Took me about 2 hours to install using basic hand tools ... You will need spring compressors and a torque wrench ... I do have to be really careful with speed bumps and inclines however because this is a really low spring
 I received these springs in less than 3 days after placing the order ... The price was significantly better than other well-known perfomance sites ... Install was straight forward , but you will require approximate 3-4 hours of your time . Additionally , if you are attempting to do this yourself , you will need a spring compressor tool for removing and installing new springs.You can use the following website as guide for lowering your vehicle :[ ... -RSB- Please note that anytime your lower your vehicle , you will need to address other issues such as difference in Camber and a change in geometry of the vehicle suspesion . I did n't install camber plates but did purchase Eibach 's Camber bolts here for approximate $ 20 . Depending on your vehicle , camber bolts maybe enough to address the front outward appearance of the tires . Additionally , you should consider purchasing adjustable panhard for the rear in order to address the difference in geometry . In my case , my rear tires shifted an entire inch towards the right side after installing springs.Overall , these springs are harsher than stock , but make up for this short-coming in many other ways . Performace increase in handling , acceleration and overall appearance far exceed the smoother ride and 3-4 inch wheel gap !
 This is one of the best things I have added to my Jeep Wrangler . I took a chance on how it would look and it looks awesome . It fits great and installed in just a few minutes . For the price and appearance an absolute A + .
 My dash mat came 5 days before the estimated arrival date , which was a pleasant surprise . It was neatly packed , so no wrinkles to contend with . The quality is excellent and looks even better than the picture . Best of all , it fits perfectly , with every vent and sensor cut-out right in place . I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to recommend this company 's products .
 I LOVE THE NEW MIRROR IT TOOK A LITTLE BIT TO RECEIVE , BUT IT WAS WORTH IT ! THANKS !
 Fit perfect , came with the padding insert , and was easily installed -LRB- three bolts . If you dont take the door panel off all the way because you ca n't get the window crank off , just do n't drop the racket between the door and the panel !! -RRB- Shipping was a little slow , but came nicely packaged for protection !
 I checked junk yards and could not find what I needed and dealers wanted over $ 300 . I am very pleased with my purchase from Amazon . I do n't plan to keep the blazer too much longer and did not want to spend a lot of money for a replacement mirror .
 I purchased this product after reading that it works great for those of you who own Audi TT 's . It is a common problem with Audi TT 's that the convertible top windows start melting away from the cloth . This product works great to seal the window back to the fabric . It is not expensive , and much better then having to replace the entire top . Just be careful that you do n't let the GOOP dry to the window itself . You can still scrape it off , but just a pain to clean it off .
 I do n't know what differences there are between the dozen types of goop or shoe goo but I 've had great success with this .
 There is a large family of Goop adhesives , `` All Purpose '' , `` Automotive '' , `` Craft '' , `` Household '' , `` Lawn and Garden '' , `` Marine '' , `` Plumbing '' , `` RV '' , `` Sport and Outdoor '' , and `` Wood and Furniture '' As far as I can tell , all are identical . Some varieties -LRB- such as Marine Goop -RRB- meant for outdoor use may be more UV resistant . So , at least for indoor use , I suggest buying the cheapest . In the local hardware store , `` Household Goop '' is usually the cheapest . At the time of this writing , `` Plumbing Goop '' is the cheapest on Amazon.IN GENERALGoop will bond virtually any material , including leather , plastics , glass , and metal . The bond is clear , very strong , waterproof , and hard but flexible.EXAMPLESExamples are endless . In addition to the examples below , I 've used it to repair ceramic plant pots and shoes . I also use it to seal rust spots on my dishwasher rack . The Goop it also makes a `` cushioned '' surface that will prevent scratches to dishes . I use Goop to close small holes in window screens . I 've used Goop to seal holes in air-mattresses . ELECTRICALGoop is far superior to electrical tape for splicing wires , re-insulating cat-chewed wires , waterproofing and vibration-proofing electrical connections . There is a black variety of `` Shoe Goop '' if you want your repair to be less noticeable.PLUMBINGGoop is great for sealing small leaks -LRB- including garden hose connections , etc. -RRB- . However , you have to turn off the water , and the connections must be absolutely dry . Moreover , it takes several days for Goop to dry to reasonable strength . If you turn on the pressure before then you will make a water balloon . It 's better to wait a week . Moreover , it may take several applications to get a thick enough layer of Goop to hold against normal household pressure -- so a sink , toilet , etc. may be out-of-commission for at least three days waiting for the Goop to dry.SHORTCOMINGS1 -RRB- An opened tube thickens quickly . Store open tubes in a small glass jar with a tight metal lid . Old thick Goop does not work well for some uses -LRB- such as repairing shoes -RRB- , but is perfect when you need a thick application -- such as insulating an exposed electrical connection or to hold pressure in a leaking water line . It is best to start with a thin layer from a new tube to maximally bond to the surface2 -RRB- Until it dries , Goop flows , alot . Therefore a thickly-applied layer may dry to a very thin layer -LRB- because most of the glue has flowed somewhere else -RRB- . So , it may be essential to apply several thin layers -LRB- at intervals of 4 hours or longer -RRB- rather than one thick layer . Alternatively , you can apply a thicker layer of old thick Goop over an initial layer of new Goop . If possible , arrange the pieces you are gluing to minimize flowing , i.e. , usually horizontal . For several hours , depending on the temperature etc. , the glue is `` repositionable '' after thickening a little , that is , you can push it back into place . Unfortunately , if you use too many layers or `` reposition '' the glue too much , the result is not as attractive .3 -RRB- Except when still tacky -LRB- when it can be removed with naptha or acetone -RRB- , Goop is essentially non-cleanup-able . So , for example , while it might be terrific for fixing a leaking windshield , if you mess up and your application is ugly , there is essentially nothing you can do about it . Although Goop is terrific for repairing a broken ceramic statuette -- if a little extra oozes out , there is no way to clean it up the excess . You could simply peel/rub-off excess silicon glue . You could simply wipe off `` white glue '' and clean up with a moist paper towel .4 -RRB- The fumes are strong and toxic . Allow glued items to dry in a well-ventilated area -LRB- ideally out-of-door -RRB- for several days . When doing alot of gluing , I work in my carport with a large utility fan blowing the fumes away -- and still usually get a nasty headache . It is best to use gloves when working with Goop.TO GOOP OR NOT TO GOOPWhile Goop is truly miraculous -- there are situations when other types of glue are better choices.White Glue
 Goop worked as advertised . Better than I thought it would . No problems to glue top to plastic panels . The repair was said to be `` Not for the faint of heart '' A little expensive but again it worked .
 This stuff has almost zero adhesion when you first apply it , so whatever you are repairing should be clamped or otherwise set in place . If you follow that simple step , this worked better than any other adhesive I 've used yet . It takes a while to set up , but when it does it sets up a lot like a caulk sealant or liquid nails . You can re-use the tube if you clean the threads off the cap . The most impressive thing this worked on was a 4-inch tear in my convertible top . The final repair was strong and waterproof , but it does dry clear , so it will leave a shiny/wet-looking spot . I may try to color over the repair , but it beats $ 1400 for a new top . : -RRB-
 THIS STUFF REALLY WORKS FOR THE RPICE AN EXCELLENT DEAL , I HAD TRIED SEVERAL OTHER PRODUCTS FOR MY PROBLEM . THIS ONE WORKED AS ADVERTISED
 We used this to fix the driver 's window of our Isuzu Trooper which had come loose out of the channel and would no longer go up and down . We had taken it to someone before for the same repair , and when it re-broke -LRB- they had used some other stuff also managed to disconnect the door 's speaker when fixing the window ! -RRB- , we were ready to take matters into our own hands . So far so good ! Now the window -LRB- and the speaker -RRB- work !
 My foglight bracket broke and my foglight needed to be reseated into my front spoiler . I used this stuff and in about an hour , its lock tight ! This stuff works !
 I use this for attaching rubber to wood , and it works great . It does n't smell great mind you , but it works great . If you are addicted to huffing fumes , you may want to opt for another product and save yourself the temptation of these sweet , sweet chemical fumes .
 This is a great product ! This is my `` go to '' glue for really tricky bonding needs . I 've had excellent results on all types of surfaces , even non-matching surfaces -LRB- wood to rubber , metal to plastic , etc. -RRB- Another thing I like about it is it does n't expand like Gorilla glue and many others . Good stuff !
 I bought this to seal some leather on a pair of hockey goalie pads that were cut by ice hockey skates . I will admit that I did not to a very good job of applying it and it left the area a bit messy . However , it still worked just fine .
 I bought this to glue some leather to metal , which is a hard task for most adhesives . 6 months later through snow and sun it 's still holding . Good job , Goop .
 Like : * Fit exactly like the OEM part * Came with necessary replacement light bulbs -LRB- a huge plus -RRB- * Excellent shipping , and great packagingDislike
 This light fit perfect as the original from Toyota , and price complete different.I will say it is exactly as the original Toyota .
 We buy these up frequently to fill out amazon orders , and hand them out as `` company issue '' to any techs in the shop , or re-sell to customers who just like a unique key ring . The gauges last a long time -LRB- I still have my original one from 20 years ago on my keyring and use it daily -RRB- so it is an excellent value for the price , and the techs -LRB- especially our trainees -RRB- love that they have a handy gap gauge right in their pocket instead of having to dig out the wire gap gauge from their toolboxes . Note that these are only good for use on new spark plugs - if you are working with worn plugs , use a wire gauge because you often will not get an accurate gap . -LRB- but then , plugs are so cheap , just replace them if they are worn anyhow -RRB-
 Works well as a second faucet from the park supply . If you 're looking for a version to connect to your camper , # 22463 has the faucet mounted 180 degrees from this version .
 Yes ... . false advertising ... perhaps ... or Amazon is just not paying attention to detail ... but , this is a high quality device that I have used -LRB- over 60 campgrounds between IL and CA and from IL to AK -RRB- for over two years now and find no fault with it . The plastic/nylon ?? valve is high quality and is not a problem , I have not had a problem with it and I am a retired plumber . If you need this device , then by all means order it , it works great .
 This is a simple little item that I expected to be poorly made . I was wrong -- it is refreshingly well made . It is well machined and does everything one would expect far better than I ever expected
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 The filter arrived in time and was really easy to install . It fit snug enough but it still had a little space on the four edges in my 2002 land rover discovery 2 , it made me feel a little uneasy . That being said it makes the vehicle breathe easy .
 I have been using this type of paper towel holder for over 9 years . I recently purchased another new one as I accidentally broke a piece off from the original one I purchased . These are great and for where I chose to install it , I can easily remove it when I need to bring in the kitchen slide . Or if I forget to do that , the slide will simply start to push it off its slide mount .
 This was a perfect fit for my wife 's 2002 Isuzu . Saved my life with the low price and slipped right into place just like the OEM .
 bought for a 99 isuzu rodeo v6 auto 4wd . dont kno if it works yet my body shop guy still has to install it ... the product shipped fast -LRB- i chose 1 day shipping -RRB- after a car accident i had to replace the radiatorafter a leak ... . just chose this ... we shall see how it works out !
 Product was received on time and very good protected agaist damages , material same likes original product of my CJ-5 1979 but it was not exactly due new one its a litle more thin on both ends but no problem to install . More pics on differents angle will help to compare .
 I HAD BEEN LOOKING AT THESE FOR A WHILE NOW FOR MY 77 CJ7 . SO I FINALLY TOOK THE PLUNGE AND GLAD I DID . THIS DASH MOUNTS IN THE JAMB OF THE WINDSHIELD . MEANING I HAD TO LOOSEN AND LEAN THE WINDSHIELD FORWARD TO MOUNT THE DASH . PRETTY SIMPLE AND STRAIGHT FORWARD . IT MOUNTS TIGHT AND THERE IS NO VIBRATION . IT 'S HEAVIER THAN I IMAGINED BUT IT IS STURDY . LOOKS SHARP AND I AM GLAD I FINALLY PURCHASED AND SO WILL YOU .
 I 've crashed plenty and not bent one yet . I like the RC High for my YZ with Rox risers to move it forward . I got this one for my TE610 , as it 's the closest match to the stock Husky bar that bent like a soda can , and the ergos were all dialed in before the crash . Stuck with 7/8 so I did n't have to change anything else . I have a KTM bend on my naked street bike - fortunately , never crashed on that .
 It worked ! it was easy to program no problem but my car broke down shortly after getting this and my new car ca n't use this fob . Seller is awesome will buy from them again !
 I had the misfortune of losing my keys , including the keyless entry remote that I used for my car . After checking the Internet , the pricing for this replacement is very good . There were some errors in how to program it with my car , even the Mazda dealer could n't do it ! However , I checked the Internet , found a couple of sites with the information , kept trying and finally got it programmed . Since then I have n't had any problems and it works like a dream !
 I bought this part to correct a problem with low fuel pressure in my 2001 Infinity QX4.The part matched exactly with the old one and installed quickly.No instructions were included in the box but you should n't be doing this unless you havea shop manual or are familiar with the fuel system.Part worked fine .
 They come in nice plastic cases . You do n't have to wash off -LRB- de-grease -RRB- the rotors as the compound comes off on its own - per instructions . Not warped , no issues . Made in Brazil stamped on the cases .
 I do not really understand why they would sell 1 disc at a time when - if you are going to replace a disc - you have to replace both sides !!!! I do n't have it on my car to comment on the quality yet because I thought I bought two , but only one came . Will write another review after I purchase another one , wait for it to arrive and have it/them put on . They should really be required to put some warning here like they do with the tires if you buy less than 4 - `` WARNING , it is recommended to buy TWO of these because you can not just change one at a time ''
 This is the only puller I have found that will pull the pully from a vacuum pump on the Ford 6.9 & 7.3 Diesel engines .
 Gets the job done not a product you would use often . but nice to have when you need it seems to be made of good metal.I would recommend to any one looking to buy one
 I have a older set US made . This set made overseas seems to work just as well . The included case is better than my old one .
 good quality puller . I do some of my own auto repairs . This tool was recomended to me by my neighbor who runs his own RV repair business . Great product i share it with friends and family . It has held up well .
 I used this tool for the first time today . I used it on a Ford power steering pump . It worked well on removing the pulley and installing it . When using this , or any other threaded tool , be sure to grease the threads and inserts that push on the shaft and never use and impact tool . Recommended
 I installed this last week and did a preliminary test same day . I 'll start with the bad stuff . The engagement handle can be rotated , and will `` screw '' the engagement fork in and out . This will affect the light indication when disengaged , but allows for some fine adjustment of travel when installing . The warnings about the Posi-Lok system binding up are all true . Can be somewhat difficult to operate due to the mismatch of axle position . Coasting cures that . The hardest part of the install was where to run the cable . That 's it for the bad . This thing is awesome , clean looking , and reliable . It 's made from good quality parts , however , the ` cap ' that goes on the axle is made of cast aluminum and will be damaged if the bolts and screws are torqued too tight .
 It is amazing how such a small thing can solve a big problem . It works great , if you have a camper , buy one , you 'll need it .
 Product came exactly as ordered and in fine shape . The point of the plastic that attaches to the door had poked through the styrofoam packaging , and this could possibly cause a problem if the product was dropped . My mirror was o.k. Thank you
 Old mirror 's internal gearing failed . This replacement was a direct bolt on . My first attempt to use the old gasket was n't successful -- too tight a fit -- and I have some wind noise . I 'll remount it and solve that . Operation and looks are excellent .
 This item was priced well below retail . It arrived quickly , well packaged , and exactly as advertised . I would not hesitate to order from this company in the future
 An automatic car wash broke my passenger side mirror off . My local Chevy dealer 's parts department wanted $ 95.00 plus tax for the replacement . Amazon.com replacement cost was 1/4 of that , with shipping!Thank you Amazon .
 For about twenty dollars , I replaced the right mirror myself after looking up a few videos on youtube . Fit 's perfectly . One tip
 Works really well and much cheaper then a dealer part . They are fairly easy to install by yourself removing the door panel is the hardest part
 Great replacement mirror for a truly great price . looks just like the factory original mirror that was damaged years ago . I am very pleased .
 It was easy to put on , screwed in nicely.Looks identical to the old one . Pieces are plastic , but they 've held on strong for a year now . I am still satisfied with this product .
 The mirror looks fine but the image is not fluid . Seems to look funny since the glass does not have an even curve from center to outside edge . This gives a very slight image distortion that is noticeable but still allows you to see vehicles next to you if changing lanes . For the price is still a good mirror . Would buy again if I need one . Like buying things made in Taiwan . Any democracy that votes in their leaders will get my business.Swinny
 Exactly what I expected for my Chevrolet S10 pickup -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . It 's very shiny compare to the old one on the left side but I know that it is normal and the shine will fade after a while . My husband installed it and it is fairly easy if you are a handy man but if you are not then good luck with the installation . The price was really reasonable compare to the local GM dealer here on Maui ... Boy ! those guys are expensive ! So very happy with the mirror ! Thank you Amazon for selling great products !
 My OEM mirror mounts were broke and these were perfect replacements . Fit great and looks great .
 Exactly what I needed at a price about half of what the automotive stores wanted , shipped very quickly and arrived fast ! Thanks guys for prompt service .
 This is a great product for an awesome price ! You ca n't go wrong with this order ! It was shipped to me in a reasonable time and was packaged perfectly .
 I recieved the item within the alloted time , and was impressed with the quality . It was more than I expected for the money . It looks so good that I am going to order one for the passenger side so that it will be up to par . Thank You !
 I LOVE this napkin holder ! It frees up drawer/counter space and does n't draw attention to itself . If you do n't stuff it tightly full , it works perfectly . It is made of plastic , but it 's not like you 're going to play tackle football with it . It serves my needs perfectly , and I installed it in my kitchen . Next install will be the camper .
 We look every where for this napkin holder at target , wal mart . bed bath & beyound we could not find any where until we came to amazon
 Looking for a way to keep my kids from scattering the napkins all over the dining room , I found this . Its easy to install too .
 This works just like the pop-a-plate ... easy to install , saves space and is perfect for bowls or smaller paper plates . Excellent item for travel trailers or rv 's where space is a premium . Keeps items secure and no need for bracing . Very pleased .
 We have used the Pop-A-Plate for quite some time but have just also included this product so that we can conserve water when we are boondocking in our truck camper .
 This was easy to install , and is very sturdy . I use it for 6 inch paper plates , actually , rather than bowls .
 Use this in the rv for paper bowls . We converted over to paper for all of our traveling . We mounted it right above the dinette so there 's no having to get up to go to the cabinet for bowls .
 Love the colors and the design . Not durable enough for an outside rug , but perfect for use inside the house . I put mine under my husband 's desk just to keep that area cleaner when he sits down there with his boots on .
 Arrived quickly . Mirror was a perfect match with original . Easy to install and motor worked perfectly . Overall experience was excellent !!!
 I use this primarily when I swap my car 's street tires for those I use on the track . It makes the job much quicker and easier than tightening and removing the nuts by hand . The battery charges very quickly -LRB- 30 min -RRB- and , while I have n't had to use it for extended periods , it has thus far held a charge much longer than I need . It 's reasonably light and well balanced.It 's not strong enough to loosen the nuts once they 've been torqued down , but it would be unrealistic to expect that with a 12 volt . I use a breaker bar to loosen them just a tiny bit , then zip the nuts off , pop them back on after swapping wheels , and tighten down with a torque wrench . It literally cuts the time in half.I have 2 friends with the 18 volt DeWalt , and this little 12 volt performs this task just as well for much less than half the price . I do like the double trigger forward/reverse of the DeWalt better than the slider switch the Bosch uses.For the price , if you do n't truly need the power afforded by an 18V , this is a great choice .
 I purchased this product to use in my plumbing business to tighten couplings for an acid waste system . Using a ratchet and a open end wrench is just to slow for me and especially for my workers . It paid for itself in about the first half hour of work .
 It is not the most powerful one I own but it is good and the battery warranty is 3 years which is real good .
 I wanted a lightweight impact to take to the track to help remove the wheels for quick changes to rain tires and brake work . It pulls the lug nuts off without delay . Much stronger than I thought ! Since it is only 12 volt , I was worried about that . It also feels balanced since the 12 v battery is smaller than an 18 v . This thing rocks !
 I wanted a pump with built in check valve that would allow me to have either 6 volt negative or positive ground . As well , I wanted to be able to pull through the pump with my stock fuel pump , using the electric pump to fill the carburetor after extended storage of my antique vehicles without extensive cranking . Works as advertised and fits the need perfectly .
 I have had one of these Airtex fuel pumps on my vintage 6V car for over 20 years . It recently failed so I had to find a replacement . I really like the Airtex fuel pump because of it 's small size , isolated electrical design -LRB- so it can be used on a 6V , positive ground vehicle -RRB- and quiet operation . As I stated , my original pump has been working for over 20 years , and I really doubted that I would be able to buy the exact same pump anymore . I went to every auto parts store in my city and was not able to even order this fuel pump . I was just about to resign myself to buying a much larger , louder , and more expensive pump when I decided to try finding one via Google . I was amazed that Amazon came up with the exact same pump . They not only had this pump in stock , it was significantly less expensive than any other replacement pump I looked at . The first pump that Amazon sent to me did not function for some reason , but Amazon promptly sent me a replacement , which is installed and working great . The only reason I do not give this five stars is the non-functional pump that was sent to me . It makes me wonder if Airtex quality is as good as it used to be .
 More specific in stating FIRST and CLEARLY it is a 6 Volt pump and not buried far in the description pages.Same applies for the pump pressure output . What is the rated output pressure ? Important to know .
 I installed this fuel pump in a 1936 Packard . The pump is quiet and packages well on this car . I selected this pump because it is compatible with 6V positive ground .
 The fuel pump is well made and installed nicely and runs quietly . I would recommend for use on 6 volt systems
 These are an excellent pump I have installed them in atleast six classic cars with no problens !!!
 Fabulous product . Fits without any worries . Break in was painless . I will be a repeat buyer from this company . Great service even better prices .
 Flowmaster is a widely recognized exhaust component company , their products are first class . The tailpipes I purchased this time fit perfectly and were very easy to install .
 Bought these for my 57 Chevy and they fit great and sound great with some knock off flowmaster mufflers I have on the car . They have very nice mandrel bends and are aluminized so they do n't rust .
 This thing does exactly what you want it to do . The price I found on Amazon was by far the best with all other considerations in play.Call me 100 % satisfied , the `` WARN '' brand still means something !! I will try to buy all my performance and `` more than average '' quality related purchases from Amazon first if I can .
 The unit that the one-star post reviewer received must 've been a fluke . My experience with the PullzAll has been more than satisfactory . I have used Warn winches in the past and the PullzAll follows the high-quality engineering of Warn 's other products . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 i do construction work and i got a job of parapitwall its 1500 pound each heavy stone some one give me this job in good price so i bought 3 winches trust me two other company , s machine stop working but thanks Good i have this one so i finish the job so early and i still use it its a very very good machien for me
 This pulling tool is an absolute necessity for any Homeowner looking to get the big jobs done without calling all your friends over to lend a hand ! I even used it to pull our Pedal Boat out of the Lagoon .
 The Hand-Held Winch performed as advertised and just what I needed for some small jobs . Delivery was on time and the company even called me to make sure everything was `` OK '' . Recommend both the item and the way it was handled . Steve Pitman , NJ
 I 've used this several times now in some fairly tight spots . It works well for both lifting and pulling . A longer cable would be niceer for me but there are ways around that . Overall it 's a great value and a back saver .
 Length :
 I bought this to raise and set thirteen 202 lb flue liners . I was very happy with it 's performance . It allowed me precision control setting the flue liners and never slipped -LRB- which could have meant a crushed arm or hand -RRB- Pros
 I have used the Pullz-all to pull a 1500lbs generator up an 8 foot ramp set on a 3 foot sill , then lower it down the other side with a similar incline . The machine worked perfectly , never slowed or cut out . Yes the cable could be longer but thats not really a big deal.Also we were installing a transformer and need to pull the high voltage cables through the 45 foot conduit pipe with 2 , 45 degree bends . With alittle bit of rigging the pullz-all pulled the cables through the pipe the extra two feet.I would highly recommend this product , as this is only two examples of the more challenging things we have asked it to do .
 The bod on the winch was very slightly damaged and it saved me $ 25 . I 've used this tool to replace a 1 ton hoist weighing 100 # and keep it in my truck always !
 I am very pleased with this Electric Winch . Will do the job I wanted it for . Everything about the unit seems to be as advertised . Thank you for having this item to buy . Forrest
 I did plenty of research before giving the pullzall a try and bought a snatch block just in case . The thing works like a champ . Tough well built tool . The book that comes with it does not mention the cool down periods required for the tool , but the instructions for it on warns website do talk about not overworking the machine and allowing for cool downs after heavy prolonged lifts/pulls so be sure to read up on that . This thing has surpassed my sawsall as my favorite power tool and for the price is a very very good deal . Your back will thank you .
 This item was better than expected and has worked well for me . Perhaps some people are expecting too much from a winch this economical . Amazingly it also arrived 4 days earlier than the estimated delivery date . Very happy .
 Bought this to pull out our docks in Northern MN . I found it to be easy to use and it made the job alot safer and easier especially when it was 43 degrees and raining .
 I live in a beach house built on stilts . Before I got this puller I had to make 5 or 6 trips up the stairs to the kitchen loaded down with grocery bags when my wife did the weekly shopping . And because I work at home , I could n't hide when she pulled into the driveway . My only option was to ` be on an important call ' and wait it out . A dirty trick , and one that only works once or twice.I considered several solutions , including having a dumbwaiter installed . I even priced out an elevator -LRB- ok , so I 'm lazy -RRB- . Ultimately , instead of spending thousands , I bought this puller and rigged it up as a hoist from the third floor deck to bring the groceries -LRB- in a plastic storage bucket -RRB- from the car trunk up to the kitchen/dining room deck on the second floor . Instant sky hook that goes back into the closet when it 's not in use!Works fine , fun to operate and may have saved my marriage .
 We purchased this for our shop to use to put two cars into our race trailer . We needed something that could be moved around vs a single fixed winch . We attach this to a d ring on the floor and pull our cars in . Works great we have used it for a couple of years now with many many loading sessions . We have used this thing with shore power and our Honda eu2000i generator no problem.One modification we recommend straight away is to get a 4x4 shop to make you a 50 ' nylon ATV winch rope for it . This allows us very easily to pull for 50 ' and the nylon easily fits on the drum . The nylon rope is easily rated higher than the winch . Plus if it snaps there is no energy in it so its safer .
 It works as advertised . It replaced a bulky , slow , noisy chain hoist and turned a 45 minute job into a 15 min job . Just wish it had more rope .
 I use it for moving logs onto and rolling logs over on my saw mill . It has no problem lifting a 8 ' x 26 &#34; black walnut log .
 PullzAll is a great product ; We have used it just a couple of times and it worked perfectly for what it is . I like the idea that it is so portable which makes it very versatile . I think you just have to remember its working load rating so if you have a really big job you may need a more powerful unit .
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 The fuel pump appears to be of high quality and was an easy exact fit replacement for the original pump -LRB- 1999 F150 4.6 L regular cab 4x4 -RRB- . Carter P74854S Electric Fuel Pump
 I bought this for my Honda del Sol . In a del Sol , the stock cup holders are located in the armrest . In other words , if you have a drink in the car you have no where to put your right arm.This cup holder is inexpensive ; easy to install , remove , and reinstall ; and works well .
 I bought one today for my Mazda Tribute because I did n't like the built-in cup holders . It 's actually very sturdy and fits very well .
 This item is the exact answer to my problem !! I love it.Not only does it give me two large cup holders but a free space too.I have a larger car , a Lincoln Mark VIII , and the cup holders hold nothing securely !! They are a joke . This is perfect . It fits securely , does n't move , just great !! I could n't be happier !
 I was looking for a cup holder to fit in my Lamborghini Gallardo and was referred by a buddy to this one . Fits perfect between the seat and center console and holds firm and tight .
 Takes up seating space in my couch , so I ca n't use it when company is over . But when it 's just me , it 's great !
 I bought this for my 1990 Mazda 626 , which came without any cup holders , and it 's the ONLY thing that worked . It fits perfectly right over the console between the passenger seat and arm rest .
 For those of you with Audi A4 B6 models -LRB- 2002-2005 -RRB- , you know the pain of not having proper cup holders.I got this , and works great . Its very steady once insert between the console and the passenger seat . Not an ideal fix for an Audi , but an inexpensive one .
 I drive a manual car and the stock cup holders are located in the centre console . This cup holder made it possible for me to free up the middle so that shifting is comfortable with out obstructing my arm.Now my phone is also easier to find = -RRB-
 I purchased this electric pump to eliminate vapor lock issues on a Ford E350 carbureted van that only had a mechanical pump on the block . On hot days and as the vehicle would get on an incline , the engine would stall and die . The only way to get going again was to cool down the pump or get on flat ground.This pump works exactly for what I intended it for and it resolved my problem . I did find the install instructions/specs rather vague , and not much help from the airtex website either . I ended up perusing install instructions for other similar pumps , -LRB- Mr. Gasket , Carter -RRB- to determine the best way to wire it , mount etc. . The pump does look to be better quality than the Mr. Gasket pump . It has full metal construction , a filter , and seems to be built in the USA . I left my original mechanical pump in line -LRB- was only 1yr old -RRB- and use the electric pump in conjunction . Despite what some sources may say , there is no harm to run both functional pumps.I used heavy gauge wire to a 20A fused accessory lead with a switch for manual override and ran a ground lead straight to the battery . I installed at a 45 degree angle just after my tank switching valve . With the mechanical pump only , I generate 7psi and when the engine gets hotter , pressure starts to drop . When I turn on this electric pump , I have 7psi continuous fuel pressure . There was no need to use a pressure regulator with the pump . I even did my vapor lock test on the grade that it would happen on . I got the engine to fail , then turned on the electric pump and had full power . On flat ground , I drove over 30 miles with the electric pump off . I run with the electric pump on all the time .
 Do n't drive this vehicle much but so far holding up . I went to electric to eliminate priming when I use it .
 Airtex E8011 Electric Fuel PumpAs the mechanic on a 3 family fruit and nut farm , I haveinstalled 3 of these Airtex Electric Fuel Pumps on orchardequipment . The machines run much more efficiently so allof us are getting better performance out of ancient engines.We did n't bypass the original pump.Five stars to the manager , too . He promised to send a part missing from box 4 and itarrived in two days .
 This is a spare pump . I have used these on my Ranger for years . They are easy to install , and work pretty well . Only drawback is they have spotty quality . Some last years others not so long . But they are inexpensive , and easy to replace . So if you have a spare on hand they are worth it . A heck of a lot easier to replace than some mechanical pumps .
 I am using this to move waste vegetable oil through my RV , works great , comes with all the parts you will need . 4 stars instead of 5 because I am replacing the exact same part in my system now , so I know at some point I will have to replace it again because they seem to break down after a bit , but still for the price and general performance - good stuff .
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 -LRB- See my pictures ! -RRB- This drink holder is very good . It 's priced very low for it 's quality , appearance , and user friendliness . It 's easy to install and unstall , looks great , and of course it can hold just about anything you 'd normally want to take in your car . It wo n't hold larger drinks like a lot of sport drinks or super gulps but those wo n't fit in most car drink holders anyway . Overall , I 'm very satisfied with this product - I recommend it !
 This item allows me to have a quality cup holder in a car that previously had none . It attaches to your vent easily and feels adequate for most of my drinking needs . However , it will not hold the `` Foster 's Big Can '' I like to drink on my way home from work .
 This works really well . Like others have said , it 's kind of small , so do n't expect to hang your biggie size drink from your vent ... but it 's worked perfect for me . In fact , I 'm purchasing a second for my passenger side!One thing to note though - do n't be hasty in pulling the little tabs on the bottom out - they do n't go back in . Hang it on the vent first , then adjust the tabs to fit .
 I highly recommend this product ! For the longest time I have been looking for a drink holder that would hook nicely onto the heating vents in my car -LRB- a '93 Nissan Maxima -RRB- . This product was perfect ! The design is clever and simple enough for the average Joe to understand . It does n't really block the air coming out of the vent , nor put unreasonable stress on the vent . It 's a great alternative to those drink holders that you insert into your window shaft - you do n't have to worry about rolling your window down and then up , causing it to fall out and the drink to spill all over the place . I bought one of these a week ago , but now I love it so much that I 'm going to buy another one for my shotgun passenger !
 I installed this in a mid-90 's volvo which does n't have a decent cup holder . It will hold a 24 oz Ozarka water bottle with ease . I 'll pick up a 2nd one for the passenger side in the near future .
 This is very sturdy , and I like how theres a little latch on the bottom that rests on the top of my cd player . I do n't know how it does it , but it stays . It feels really sturdy and I like it a lot . However , it does n't fit everything . It fits small-medium fountain drinks and some water bottles , but it does n't fit like vitamin waters . It will fit a coffee cup though .
 My car did n't come with any cupholders so this product is a great way to get around that . It clips right into the vents . I got one for each side of the car -LRB- driver and passenger -RRB- . It holds most size cups except really large ones -LRB- snapple bottles dont fit though -RRB- . They stay on good , and you can use the heat and A/C to keep the desired temp of the drink . I would highly recommend it
 My new-to-me 1996 Toyota Corolla does n't hold modern thermal coffee cups - the base on them is too large to fit . Also the pull out 2-cup holder in the Corolla blocks the storage cubby area on the dask and also the power adapter . The car is small and there are n't a lot of places to place a cup.I read about these cup holders that mount in the vents . The reviews said they are strong and stable and easy to install . The price seemed OK , not so much that I would be annoyed if they did n't work out . I ordered two and have had them a week.In short , these are pretty good . They install easily -LRB- watch out the springs that hold the clips steady against the vent do n't slip out while you install them in the vents -RRB- , and have a simple but strong pull-out plastic tab on the bottom that pushes against the dash that actually support the weight of the cups and also holds the cup holder level . The tab adjusts easily for any angle dash and locks into place , just push a little button to move them . The holders are easy to remove if needed , just tilt them up and slide back out from the vent . You can tilt the holders up easily without removing them if you need to access the vent open/close control which is otherwise blocked by the cupholder.These cup holders actually look pretty snazzy , even a little sporty.That 's all good . The bad is that it is still not large enough to hold my thermal coffee cups or any of the fancy ones you buy at Starbucks . I have to use a mug that is wide at the top but squeezes down a lot at the bottom . These are commonly found . Disposable cups from Dunkin Donuts fit fine , they taper at the bottom . 12 ounce water bottle fits , too , but not larger ones.Overall , these are pretty good and they give me a decent way to hold my cups in my small car that does n't have adequate holders of its own . I recommend them .
 This is a great addition to an older car that does n't have built in drink holders . Attaches to the vent which my heat up or cool down your drink . I like it because it is right in view . You do n't have to reach down or try to see where it fits . I have had about four in the last six years and they really last if you are reasonable about how heavy a drink you put in it!I have used a McDonalds $ 1.00 Ice tea in the plastic and styrofoam 32oz cup with out a spill . Great product but hard to find locally .
 Easily installed , looks good and quite strong . Range of sizes that it can handle could be better .
 Two thumbs up ! Product serves it 's purpose well and the fast delivery time was a nice plus ... I would n't hesitate from doing more business in the future !
 I got really tired of not having anything to put my drinks in , so I thought I 'd take a shot and get two of these -LRB- one for the passenger side -RRB- . It was a little tricky to get them in the vents , but after I figured out that all I had to do hold the cup holder by the front and gently push the hooks in until they grabbed , it worked fine . I like that the front and side has a metal bar that helps keep drinks cold or hot -LRB- this feature really works by the way , very nice ! -RRB- . I have n't had any spillage or accidents but I would have liked the bar to be a bit higher set on the drink . I 'll state again though that I 've used this for about a week and have n't had any drinks fall over , so I guess whoever designed it knew what they were doing.If you have vents that are narrow horizontally this may not fit . I found this would only fit on the vents nearest to the car doors , but do n't see it as a drawback .
 I purchased this item to replace the built-in drink holders in my Mitsubishi Gallant , which are not in the ideal place if one needs to use the cigarette lighter , especially using it to charge portable devices . It provides a drink holder of comparable base size to the existing one , and because of the position , it actually allows for larger drinks . The only downside with the position is the drink holder is higher and more awkward.The item is easy to install and remove , and is easily readjusted to a different location . Other then that , it is sturdy and looks nice . I recommend this item without reservation .
 like I said above great little holder but the gps is usually on the air vent so I do n't get to use these much
 This is probably the best drink holder I 've purchased , and I 've tried a several . The clips are very well designed and confer a degree of stability to the cup holder that others lack . The space itself for the drink is quite big and the base piece at the bottom gives additional stability to the holder . Just be careful when selecting which of the vent fins to put it on . According the vent design , the drink holder 's most stable position will probably differ from car to car , so try it in a couple of positions to see which works best for you .
 I purchased one and liked it so much that I purchased one for my passenger . It works great for cans and it 's sturdier than I expected .
 This is a great cup holder , and it is somewhat sturdy . It supports large cup sizes too , something that was necessary for me . It looks nice , and it fits well . It also had a plastic rule at the bottom for additional support.What I do not like about it are two things :1 -RRB- The bars that attach to the air-vents are made of plastic . They appear to be sturdy , but they 're still plastic , something I do not like .2 -RRB- The bottom of the cup holder -LRB- the side that holds the bottom of the cup -RRB- has a dark circular sponge to absorb shocks , I imagine . While it is a good idea , I imagine it will get dirty and start peeling after repeated spills from the cup . This has not happened yet , but we 'll see.Overall it is not brilliant , but it 's the best I 've used so far , and so far so good .
 Not a real fan of chinese made products . If I had known that Beck/Arnley was using almost 100 % chinese products I would had orderd another brand . They worked fine and I am sure they will go the distance .
 You will not find a cheaper method for Z32 injector replacement . It may be 95 % performance compared to Nissan new injectors but when you see that you saved about 80 % over the price of new Nissan injectors you will be satisfied I do believe . Do the math , is saving 75 % -80 % worth a MAYBE 5 % loss in flow balance ? In my book on a stock vehicle without turbo , DEFINATELY !!
 I 'm an old hot rodder from way back and I love these things . These went on my car and my bicycle . Good quality , important now adays
 These dice stem caps are just the neatest thing . I have them on my white VW beetle . People ask me about them all of the time so I just say
 Bought these for my son and for my brother-in-law too . They both LOVED them . What a uniquie , cool item . Their friends really loved them too and have paid them many complements .
 Bought these for my boss for Christmas . Loved them ... Seller sent out a second set free of charge because I never received the first shipment ...
 I 'm very happy with the caps for my bike . They were cheep and cool at same time . Thank you very much .
 These little guys look badass . They are easy to install . Twist off the old ones and twist these on . It that easy and look great .
 awesome look on my Corvette!nice quality , great price.easy to put on , am I skull , skeleton freak , for most everything . . very cool !
 I love these , they look great on my car.i would tell anyone to get these.They are great gifts for birthday or christmas
 My old man is going to love this . It was here sooner than said . Product was not scratched and brand new .
 Bought these for my Wrangler and it looks very cool . Now I am looking to get a skull for my stick shift .
 I just got them today , fast delivery , great looking caps , I think they are excellent & ca n't complain about the price , cheap ! They look great on my 2011 HD Street Bob :-RRB- Thanks
 I purchased other `` Skull '' stuff for My truck and these Valve caps fit right in . Good quality and good Amazon Vendor-looking for more add on options , Amazon let 's me know what 's out there on my Amazon recomendations page-all 's good !
 The product was received as represented ; however , they do not currently work on the tires due to the current wheelcovers . This is no fault of the seller . Problem will be resolved once new wheelcovers have been purchased .
 Have used Nelson-Rigg half covers for years ! They work as advertised and are quick on/off unlike full covers and take up very little space for carrying along while traveling/touring . The fit is not an exact science but the size chart on Nelson-Riggs website is right on !
 I 've ordered several of these as the grits are not locally available . All are are as shown . A good source if you ca n't get it at your neighborhood store .
 I purchased multiple grits of this same 3M wet/dry sand paper -LRB- 32035-800 grit , 32021-1000 grit , 32023-1500 grit -RRB- for a couple of paint jobs so forgive my copying this same review to all three . I type all week and do n't prefer to do it all weekend as well , sorry ! Other than the grit , all of the 3M wet/dry sand paper in this &#34; family &#34; of their products is just a great tool to use . They all work great wet or dry . Although I did not purposely wet sand , in August where I 'm you 'll end up with that anyway and it does a great job there as well . There is no degradation during hard use wet or dry and with the type of backing used , you can easily &#34; slap &#34; it against something to knock the sanded material out of the paper as you start to lose the sanding function . I highly recommend all of the Imperial Wetordry products by 3M .
 Kind of hard to review sandpaper , but I 'll give it a try . First thing I would like to point out is the quality . 3M makes this product and it screams of quality , if sandpaper could scream of quality ... it would . Sounds cheesy , but , I 've bought the really cheap stuff , and there is no comparison . It holds up well to wet or dry sanding , and with the wet sanding it cleans very well and does not clog . I will buy more if the need arises .
 Bought for a motorcycle project and it 's a great paper to use for prep and finishing . It holds up well to multiple uses , wet or dry , and does n't clog as fast as I thought it would . Good stuff for a good price .
 Received my replacement quickly . Sheild was packed very well . The sheild itself was excellent quality and actually a little thicker than the stock one . Came with a great set of instructions and -LRB- 2 -RRB- alignment tools that made installation easy . All holes lined up perfectly . This is a great replacement and I would buy another if I had to without hesitation .
 i order it on February 10th received on February 14thit fit my 1991 dakota perfectly my complaint is they put too much glue to stick it to the cardboard backingotherwise perfect for the 4.00 price i paid
 The picture listed with this mirror is misleading . It shows a passenger mirror with the warning at the bottom of the mirror . The measurements given for this mirror did not match with my existing mirror , 4.5 tall x5 .75 inches wide , so I was hesitant in purchasing it . I even emailed Dorman and gave them my measurements . I received a reply suggesting that I contact the dealer . I went ahead and ordered this mirror , and it is a perfect fit for the 1997 Dodge Dakota . I used a thin-blade putty knife to remove the old mirror , and dabbed black silicon on several locations on the plastic plate where the mirror was to be attached , taped it in place , and let it dry overnight , and now I have a functional side-view mirror . This is a great option for repairing a side-view driver-side mirror for the 1996 Dakota pickup .
 Yo compr&eacute; este repuesto para mi veh&iacute;culo porque el original se hab&iacute;a da & ntilde ; ado . Lo instal&eacute; y funcion&oacute; correctamente . Practicamente es id&eacute;ntico al original . excelente
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 I 've crashed plenty and not bent one yet . I like the RC High for my YZ with Rox risers to move it forward . I got this one for my TE610 , as it 's the closest match to the stock Husky bar that bent like a soda can , and the ergos were all dialed in before the crash . Stuck with 7/8 so I did n't have to change anything else . I have a KTM bend on my naked street bike - fortunately , never crashed on that .
 The springs do a good job supporting the extra weight that I carry in my F150 . As in other reviews the clamps were too small only unlike the other person , I did not use a Dremel Tool to widen the clamp for two reasons . 1st . It would be too labor intensive . 2nd . The bolts would not clear the shock housing.I purchased muffler clamps that were the correct size and used them for the shock dust cover clamp . I caution you not to tighten the bolts excessively as it could damage the dust cover by squashing it.I will be purchasing another set in the near future for another vehicle that also needs overload springs.The shipment arrived as promised , I would have given 5 stars , however , since the hard ware was insufficient they only get 4 stars .
 These springs leveled out my suv and brought the needed support for hauling my kayaks , bikes and all the camping gear .
 The springs were just what I needed . I would have given them 5 stars except the dimensions were not as advertised -LRB- 21/4 spring id , and 13 inches long unsprung , was told by Superior that they were 21/2 id and 10 inches long -RRB- and the clamps are on the flimsy side . But they work as advertised and are just the ticket I needed , at a great price .
 Installed these on my '86 Toyota Tercel 4x4 , along with new shocks and they worked great . The rear end came up nearly 3 inches and I 've gone thru snow this winter well above the front bumper and never got stuck . No more bottoming out on two tracks , much better ride and control . Very good value and simple installation . Easy to twink for added lift if needed .
 I bought them for my 94 Toyota 4Runner that was sagging in the rear.The brackets were too small for my OEM rear shocks.My grinder and dremel tool took care of that in about 30 minutes.After that they went on fine , and a relativly painless installation.If they would have fit straight from the box , I would have gave 5 stars.You may have to slightly modify your brackets , like it did.Other than that - They Were A GREAT VALUE for The Price !!!
 it is a good price and good quality and as allways the service from you at amazon and seller was A1 5 star .
 Product arrived on time and fit perfectly on my car . I was skeptical because I was afraid that it would not fit in my car . When the part arrived it came well packaged and ready to be installed . I would recommend this to anyone .
 its a quick , easy , cheap upgrade , with out messing with the warranty . nice slight sound and performance upgrade . i would recommend this
 This filter is an improvement from the stock paper filter that came in my car . I realize this is n't going to do what a Cold Air Intake system can do but this is good for now until my car runs out of warranty . I do n't want to add any mods to my car that may result in my car 's warranty being voided . I have not dyno 'd my car but the first time I test drove it after installing this filter , it felt like my car could breathe better -LRB- whether it was real or imagined -RRB- . Also , I noticed and marked improvement shifting from 2nd to 3rd , my car had more ooomph !
 It 's work as expectation . Easier maintenance , high performance on air input , you can feel HP shows more earlier than stock .
 Unit is noticeably smaller then the factory one in my 2012 Tiguan TSi . The cost of buying this unit now will save you money over time in avoiding replacement paper filters . They say you get better gas millage as well and although this speculatory and would love to see some real data I think I 'm getting more millage out of the tank.Cons
 Fit great . Made the car a little more throaty but I installed this and a Borla system at the same time so it 's tough to tell .
 Using in 2012 diesel passat with automatic transmission . I 'm getting right at 60mpg on highway and close to 50mpg in city . I feel this was a contributor to that ...
 The air filter was a great buy for the price . It was shipped in good packaging and was everything I expected .
 Once again , another stellar product from K&N . This dropped right into my 2009 Jetta wtih the 2.0 T motor with no problems . Filters do n't add alot of HP if any , but this is the last air filter you 'll buy . It will outlast your motor , and probably your grandmother . Sorry , just stating facts . It also comes equiped with K&N stickers so everyone knows you want to race them . Buying from Amazon saves you time and money . Plus if you 're socially awkward , you do n't have to interact with humans , so that 's nice too . Enjoy redlining your 2.0 T motor using your new air filter !
 This works just as it should , iv had it for 5 months now and i ca n't imagine having the stock one in . altho when i take in my car in for service ill have to take it out so they do n't throw this out . -LRB- dealerships : / -RRB-
 Got this for my VW Tiguan 2009 SEL , and the Acceleration has increased , definitely more torque ! I used to get around 160 Miles on one tank of gas City Driving , now I 'm getting around 200 Miles per Tank!All this , and it lasts a lifetime !
 I paid less than any retail store or automotive website was offering . After installation , I noticed a little less noise coming from the engine bay and slightly improved MPG . K&N has not let me down yet .
 I have purchased many K and N air filters over the years . The product on newer cars allows an owner to keep the filter in the compartment for longer period of time . Especially here in Las Vegas , Nevada . Excellent product and a great value in dollar and cents.Marvin
 I 've been using k & N air filters on my cars for the last 15-20 years . They basically last forever , and they are pretty much maintenance-free , unless you live in extremely dusty areas . I 've never noticed any improvements in gas mileage or performance -LRB- that 's why I did not give it 5-stars -RRB- , but I like the idea of an air filter that outlasts the car 's life .
 INSTALL IN MY 09 ' VW TIGUAN . INSTANT CHANGE . THROTTLE RESPONSE CHANGE NO MORE TURBO LAG . EVERYONE NEEDS A K&N ; FILTER !! NEVER WILL NEED MY PAPER FILTER UNLESS MY K&N ; IS DRYING : -RRB- ENJOY THE ROAD !!!! PEACE !!!!
 My old filter did n't seem that dirty , but when I swapped it for this one the power at the low end , prior to the turbo spooling up was greatly improved .
 I have owned a few of these on various vehicles . Always see a 2-3 MPG increase and a bit better performance . Installed on my 2012 VW EOS , works great . Last air filter you will ever buy !
 i am super pleased compared to my original filter a remarkable improvement and at amazons prices its almost the same price as a paper filter from the hardware store
 The product works great!I installed it in my 2009 Volkswagen GTI and I can see a 3 MPG increase in my gas mileage numbers.Every little bit helps in today 's high gas prices . I also think its a little bit faster !
 I 'm familiar with K&N filters , I 've used their &#34; drop-in &#34; filters before and their cold air intakes . However I was n't expecting better gas mileage out of this filter for my 2010 VW GTI , but it 's getting better mileage now as an added bonus .
 K&N 's are great & this fits perfect on my 2011 VW Jetta Sportwagen . Been using K&N 's for over 15 years they never disappoint . Being able to clean & recharge is way better than the disposable paper filters .
 Installed the filter on my VW CC 2.0 T and immediately felt a difference . It now seems that the turbo lag is gone . Much better response on low RPM 's ! Sounds a little better as well . I am Satisfied !
 I would have bought it anyway as I run K&N 's in all my cars . But I did notice a pretty decent decrease in turbo lag in my 2010 Passat . Anything would have beat that stock 6 inch think paper filter .
 8HP gain ... I definitely feel a diference . And a little better MPG . Super simple install and easy to maintain . Great all around
 Easy install and now average 31 MPG on my 2013 VW Tiguan . Combined with premium fuel , she 's running like a baby thoroughbred .
 I used this sandpaper for the final sanding prep before painting some vehicle trim pieces . 600 grit is perfect for giving some texture to a piece to allow good paint adherence without affecting the appearance of the paint.This worked well wet or dry , and did n't load up easily , especially when wet sanding . I only had to use 2 sheets for the entire project . I sanded both bare plastic and painted surfaces.The final paint job came out smooth and appears to have adhered well.It 's hard to go wrong buying 3M products . You might get another product for cheaper but you generally get what you pay for !
 I bought this to put a hand rubbed finish on several metal items . It works very well and I ca n't find any complaints with it , would purchase again .
 I 've ordered several of these as the grits are not locally available . All are are as shown . A good source if you ca n't get it at your neighborhood store .
 I bought the 1500 grit paper to polish my pool cue . It worked beautifully ! Got rid of the dirt and grime but did not mess up the finish on the stick . Feels so smooth and looks beautiful !
 This is the best sandpaper to use for your car . I am getting stuff ready to paint my car , etc. . I am doing fiberglassing , body molding , etc and this stuff really gets it very fine . It can also be used for other stuff . It does n't fall apart like normal sandpaper , it 's very nice quality stuff .
 After looking at many different home improvement stores for what I needed and not being successful , amazon.com came to the rescue . This product is exactly what I was looking for and I was n't one bit disappointed with my purchase !
 3M makes fantastic stuff . I use this for finishing work on wood and metal . It 's useful for polishing up surfaces such as bluing on metal or lacquer or oil finish . Goes on very smooth , no scratching or flaws damaging finishing work . Highly recommend .
 I purchased multiple grits of this same 3M wet/dry sand paper -LRB- 32035-800 grit , 32021-1000 grit , 32023-1500 grit -RRB- for a couple of paint jobs so forgive my copying this same review to all three . I type all week and do n't prefer to do it all weekend as well , sorry ! Other than the grit , all of the 3M wet/dry sand paper in this &#34; family &#34; of their products is just a great tool to use . They all work great wet or dry . Although I did not purposely wet sand , in August where I 'm you 'll end up with that anyway and it does a great job there as well . There is no degradation during hard use wet or dry and with the type of backing used , you can easily &#34; slap &#34; it against something to knock the sanded material out of the paper as you start to lose the sanding function . I highly recommend all of the Imperial Wetordry products by 3M .
 Perfect fit ... nicely made ... beats original and not expensive like the BIG names ... Nice Choice for my Firebird ! I do n't think it adds any HP , but breathes right at a fair price .
 The hood cover fit great , and was very easy to install . It seems to be very well made . Highly recommended .
 Radiator bused on my 93 sc300 . Plopped this guy in and it works . Only have driven about 5 miles but do remember that the sc takes almost two full gallons of coolant . If you do n't jack up the front in when filling to fill the heater core , carefully drive up a SHORT steep hill when cool with heater on full blast to get the fluid to fill it up . Got ta get all those bubbles out . I anticipate it lasting , and it was about $ 100 less than at the auto stores , which would have needed to special order it anyway .
 We ordered this replacement regulator for our Dodge Caravan , after the original one was no longer working . Our local windshield/auto glass repair man installed it for us and it is now working like new ! We could n't be more pleased .
 3m makes a fantastic product . I really like it , and it cuts easily down to smaller sheets as needed . It will not work with power sanders that do n't have a bolt-down mechanism of some kind - they 're just paper backed sheets . But I use the heck out of them and love it .
 Goog quality.thank you very much high RECOMEND.Very cheap I used and is real . Is as a picture.very nice pcs I will buy more .
 I bought two of these mirrors for my Dodge pickup . I prefer these to the OEM plastic towing mirrors because they cost much less and they have very little wind resistance and noise.The mirror glass does not move within the housing . To adjust , the entire housing pivots . This is fine , but for up and down adjustment it is rather tight the first time it is moved.I rated it four stars rather than five because the glass is flat . That 's okay for the driver 's side , but the view on the passenger side is quite limited without the standard convex mirror . Also , the allen screws that one tightens to keep the mirror either extended or retracted could be improved upon . But this should n't be a factor in deciding to buy one .
 It may be good to know that this mirror can be reversed to fit on the passenger side by the following procedure -LRB- dictated by a CIPA representative -RRB- : Place the mirror between your kneesTwist the stem -LRB- very hard -RRB- 180 degreesNo tools necessary.I bought two , returned one becuase I could not figure out how to reverse it ; then I contacted CIPA and got the information .
 I purchased this mirror for a blazer I 'm rebuilding and it fits perfect and functions great . I was worried about the fit and function but it looks and works so great I bought the drivers side to match . again great price , great fit , great function
 looks identical to the old one , except new and not covered in 10 years of jimmy rigging . as simple to install as possible .
 The mirror was as good in quality as an OEM mirror I had purchased from Chevy a few years ago , only this one was half the price . The only problem was when I removed it from the box , the front mounting post had broken due to improper packing by the manufacturer . I was able to super-glue it back in place , then coat it with several layers of epoxy . It 's been on the vehicle for a couple of weeks and it 's still holding .
 Try to find this price somewhere else , and it 'll stop your heart when you see the prices at auto parts stores ! This was a GREAT deal , and the fit was absolutely PERFECT ! My wife was extremely pleased when I installed this mirror . She had bashed the old one on the garage door , and had tried to `` fix '' it with duct tape . Not a bad idea , but it was UGLY ! For the price on this one , I figured I could n't lose . I was right ! Fits right ! Looks Right ! Priced Right ! Could n't ask for more !
 The listing made it evident exactly which mirror I would need . After figuring out how to take apart the door , installing the new mirror only took one evening . Having the same service done at a dealer cost me over $ 500 dollars . Doing it myself cost me the price of the mirror and a ratchet set purchased for $ 8 at WalMart that I use all the time now . The best part ? I can now adjust the mirror with the buttons as GM intended .
 Used these on my 2001 BMW 740iL and am pretty happy with them . I get a light squeal backing up when they are cold sometimes , but not having black wheels after 1 day is well worth it . I get NO brake dust from these even after a month of not washing .
 The drivers side power window switch was intermittently failing on my 2001 Monte Carlo SS . Trying to get the window up and down over the last several weeks was getting rather frustrating and with winter fast approaching I had to get it repaired . I reluctantly called a nearby dealership to get a quote . Their service manager told me ; 1 -RRB- I would have to bring the vehicle in to let them troubleshoot the problem . 2 -RRB- If they found a faulty part they would order the part . 3 -RRB- When they receive the part , they would call me and will have to bring the vehicle back and they will install the new part . So troubleshooting the problem , the cost of the part and instillation , plus taking the vehicle back and forth to the dealership twice would cost ... $ 150.00 . Amazon had the correct part at my door in three days . I purchased a door trim pad removal tool at a local auto parts store for $ 10.00 -LRB- not necessary -RRB- as I used a narrow plastic putty knife which worked just fine . The key is to support the door trim panel until the power switch has been installed . The switch looked exactly like the original , it pressed into the door trim panel perfectly and the electrical connection to the switch snapped into place securely . The entire job ; removing the door trim panel , installing the new switch and replacing the door trim panel took me 45 minutes . The switch works like a charm !
 Matches up with 02 Monte Carlo . Only thing is the lights in it quit working after about 2 months . Other than that works great . Gets the window up and down which is all that really mattered to me .
 This bag is great . has pockets for everything . im using it as a diaper bag kinda for my 3 yr old . it holds a change of clothes , hand wipes , snacks , juice boxes , and still has room for my stuff . the strap is comfortable . ive had to wear it for 4 + hours walking through a zoo and it didnt leave any marks or hurt my shoulder/neck . very stylish too .
 I really like this bag . It 's very spacious and keeps things organized for the most part . It can fit large textbooks -LRB- though it 's quite painful to the shoulder -RRB- . I like how the front flap is magnetized so you do n't have to spend time zipping or clipping it shut .
 This is a fantastic bag . I have used it as a diaper bag . I have since purchased others for friends and family as gifts because everyone loved mine so much ! The should strap is nice and sturdy and adjustable . I have washed my bag several times and it has held up great and looks fabulous after every wash . Love the compartments and the design . It is super functionable , yet classy and stylish . I would highly recommend them to anyone !
 Checked to make sure this item would fit my truck . Description said it would and it does . works great ! holds my tailgate up and goes up by itself . awesome !
 What a steal on the price ! Easy to replace the old ones - just unsnap them and put these in place . The diagrams helped a little , but were n't really all that necessary .
 These lifts were easy for my son and I to install . They fit perfectly the first time , and worked perfectly . I had forgotten what it was like to have a tailgate that lifted itself . Also , the price was very reasonable .
 These struts were to replace worn out ones on my SUV tailgate . They were easy to replace and now the gate works just like the car was new .
 I used it in a semi to power a 2.7 cubit ft haier fridge and a brother multifunction printer . Not at the same time , though , as the printer took 8 + amps to warm up . It 's very sturdy and durable as u can imagine what we 've been through driving flatbed.only a 90 day warranty from roadpro . That 's what I gave it 4 stars for . But if you can get a good price on it , then it is definetly worth it to be able to use appliances in your truck that require a plug .
 Mirror works great . The measurements in the add are for the shipping box not the mirror . I contacted the seller about this issue and they credited me with a partial refund . I was looking for a mirror the size of the shipping box . Would recomend seller and mirror to any that are looking .
 Consider your mounting options carefully . The articulation in the mirror is n't as much as I would have hoped , and the mount was a little narrow for my window . The instructions actually called for me to file the metal on my window because I had a window that was near the outer spec for the mount . I did n't want to cut my boat so I fabricated something else . Having said that , it 's still a really nice mirror .
 This mirror works well for our boat so the driver can see the skiier as they are trying to get up out of the water . It was pretty easy to attach and seems sturdy so far .
 For the price , this is a Sweet Runner . It was incredibly easy to put on and its robust and easily adjustable . Apart from that , it provides excellent vision to the rear of the boat .
 I was looking for a all metal mirror -LRB- which is this -RRB- for my 66 evinrude rogue because I thought plastic mirrors looked cheap . This was perfect for the price and I was surprised how durable it was . The only problem was that the metal clip for the mirror was to small for my windshield so I ended up having to bolt it on directly . other then that , this is a great mirror for the price ! I also purchased a used-like new product and it looked like it was brand new
 Works as a mirror should . Lets you see what is behind you . :--RRB- mounts easily with a phillips screw driver
 Put the on the hard cases on my motorcycle . Nice size and good quality . They have been thru rain and sun and they still hold on with no probl .
 I got this simply to scuff the flat metal surface I wanted to paint but it worked great and although I was not wet sanding at the time , it was quite hot out and not having to worry about this falling apart as I worked was great and got sweat all over it . Wet or dry this works great for flat surface or rolled around something to make a nice even curve to sand with . I highly recommend this product .
 With a flat screen tv we found out that the angle of watching mages a big different in picture quality.We kept moving the TV back and forth sideways depending on where in the room we sat . Not good for the shelve.With this swivel platform we can turn the TV easy with no friction any more.Great product that we should have baught a long time ago .
 I 've ordered several of these as the grits are not locally available . All are are as shown . A good source if you ca n't get it at your neighborhood store .
 Perfect fit . This was the exact replacement part at a much better price then buying at the dealer or local autoparts store . Shipping was fast , would recommend .
 This goes into differentials in my trucks , 4X4s , and cars . I 've run Lucas in my Ford Explorer , Ford Mustang , Ford F-150 , and Jeep Wrangler . Formulated for limited slip and posi , no need for additional friction modifier . Holds up to the rigors of four wheeling , boat hauling , and the track.Differentials are more or less the same , and have been for decades . What you have is a box full of gears that delivers the power from the driveshaft to the axle . Nothing complicated , right ? However , maintenance schedules will vary from one auto manufacturer to the other . Some call for service every 12 months , and others tell you that the gear oil does not need to be changed at all . I have personally seen fouled gear oil full of metal particles . This is common in just about every car . The gears will wear . The only solution is to service the differential . Fresh clean fluid can not hurt your car.The best thing that you can do is to upgrade to a differential cover with a magnetic dipstick , magnetic drain plug , and a fill hole . Most after-market covers will also increase the fluid capacity and have cooling fins to keep the gears cooler . While you have the cover off , now is a good time to inspect your ring & pinion gears for wear . Then check your fluid regularly , and change as needed.Lucas Oil is on par with Mobil 1 , Red Line , Royal Purple , Amsoil , and any other high grade synthetic on the market today .
 I changed out all my rear diff fluid with this Lucas oil . I mean , its just diff oil , but with lucas , you cant go wrong
 Used this in the differentials of my 99 Grand Cherokee . I do not have Vari-Lok -LRB- a form of LSD used on this model -RRB- so I ca n't comment on the friction modification of this fluid.I previously had some 90w dino oil in both diffs , as that is what I had available to me at the time -LRB- In a 5 gallon pail with a pump -RRB- . Let me tell you , after switching both diffs to the Lucas , the difference in ease of movement on those cold winter mornings is staggering . Used to feel like the Jeep was straining to move when I would first start to drive , now it just seems to glide compared to before . Yes I know the difference in weight and synthetic vs dino oil caused this , just thought it was worth mentioning.Overall I 've been pleased with the Lucas oil , and when it comes time to change the fluid again , I will probably purchase the Lucas.I will say though , buy a pump that you could use to transfer the fluid from the jug to the diffs . I ended up using a washed out Coke bottle into a funnel into a tube that ran down to my diffs through the wheel well so gravity would actually pull the fluid through the tube ... Messy business that was .
 I usually use Lucas fluids and have had good experiences with all of them . I usually feel like I am getting quality for my money and did here as well . Perfect for a rear differential overhaul .
 I have been happy with Lucas products and this matched up perfectly with what my Titan called for . Buying it like this was the cheapest way to go .
 I bought a radio off of a friend , and it had Sharpie Marker all over it , this stuff actually removed most of it , Next challenge will be to clean off the car !
 I always use this product , the original and the best . Number one in the market !! and the price , a plus ! Their is no product out there like the original Armor All !
 Cloyes timing kit 9-4204S is a direct replacement timing set for my 2002 Saturn SC2 . All items fit just as original equipment ; all timing marks and holes for holding camshaft gears in place were included along with the darker marked chain links for timing line up . Only thing noticeably different was the Cloyes camshaft gears were a solid unit where as the originals had the square boxes hollowed out . If anything should be stronger I suppose than originals , not that it should matter . My only gripe would be the packaging ; timing tensioner came in a little box and the two guides came in plastic sleeves so that was ok . But the chain and two camshaft gears were loose in the box . It caused very minor cosmetic scratches on the camshaft gear faces , but did not change usability of items ; just being picky .
 This shock absorber was an exact fit for my 2001 Kia Sportage and it included everything you needed for the install . The installation was quick and easy . The original shocks had two nuts as one of them is a safetry nut . This particular shock only came with one nut .
 I ordered this for my 07 Nissan Frontier 4cyc and it did n't fit . This is made for the V6 Nissan . I ended up going to pep-boys and getting a universal CAI .
 Have n't had long to really test it out . Seems to be helping though.Thanks .
 3M Imperial Wetordry # 2000 grit sandpaper is an extremely fine sandpaper used for wet sanding paint , plastic or metal -LRB- other than chrome plating -RRB- that is to be polished . See my other reviews for polishing compounds.The sandpaper should be backed by something like a Meguiar 's E7200 Hi-Tech Sanding Backing Pad -LRB- I use a flexible 1/8 inch thick rubber sheet -RRB- to prevent NOTICEABLE ripples from forming in the surface of plastic or paint .3 M Imperial Wetordry # 2000 grit sandpaper is also a much more civilized way for cleaning the baked on brown film off of stainless steel and aluminum pots and pans than the crudely abrasive green Scotch-Brite pads you get at the supermarket . The # 2000 sandpaper leaves a bright enough finish on stainless steel pots and pans that further polishing is not required.If you are a real polishing fanatic , 3m Imperial Wetordry # 2500 grit sandpaper can be obtained from the website for `` Tap Plastics '' > SUPPLIES & TOOLS > Plastic Tools & Supplies > 3M Imperial Sandpaper > 3M Sandpaper Single -LRB- 2500 -RRB- - $ 1.85 .
 Looks durable and very uniform small grain . A small smoothing job was done quickly , took out some fine scratches and left a nice smooth dull surface suitable for finishing .
 This is the best sandpaper to use for your car . I am getting stuff ready to paint my car , etc. . I am doing fiberglassing , body molding , etc and this stuff really gets it very fine . It can also be used for other stuff . It does n't fall apart like normal sandpaper , it 's very nice quality stuff .
 I purchased this sandpaper not sure about it . It met all my expectations and served my purpose . I used it and found it to be very durable .
 I used this sandpaper to smooth out scratches on my DVD 's . I use this with 4000 and 8000 grit paper as well . Then I polish the discs and it works like magic .
 I purchased multiple grits of this same 3M wet/dry sand paper -LRB- 32035-800 grit , 32021-1000 grit , 32023-1500 grit -RRB- for a couple of paint jobs so forgive my copying this same review to all three . I type all week and do n't prefer to do it all weekend as well , sorry ! Other than the grit , all of the 3M wet/dry sand paper in this &#34; family &#34; of their products is just a great tool to use . They all work great wet or dry . Although I did not purposely wet sand , in August where I 'm you 'll end up with that anyway and it does a great job there as well . There is no degradation during hard use wet or dry and with the type of backing used , you can easily &#34; slap &#34; it against something to knock the sanded material out of the paper as you start to lose the sanding function . I highly recommend all of the Imperial Wetordry products by 3M .
 Great paper for wet sanding to a super shine and even polishing random things which I found myself doing a lot . its quite shiney around her and smooth too .
 Another 3M quality product that works great and with the results I want . I would recommend this product for your wet sanding needs .
 I 've ordered several of these as the grits are not locally available . All are are as shown . A good source if you ca n't get it at your neighborhood store .
 I have used the towels to dry my cars several times since I received them . They work well . I should have bought them long ago . . Love them .
 I have used this before with very good results . I was just out and needed to replace stock . I prefer it over 85-140 Oil
 I love them , they look great on my new car . I bought two because our state have front and back license plates .
 This is an awesome addition to any vehicle , whether you own a Harley truck or are just an avid Harley fan .
 I have used this product since 1978 . It has become harder to find in my local stores , however . I ca n't say enough good things about this product . It cleans and conditions a variety of items in my vehicle and home . Not only does it leave a new-car smell , it DOES NOT leave an oily , dangerous glare on the dash board . I believe people are happier with their vehicles when they stay looking new . This product will help many folks remain happy with their vehicles , long after they are paid off .
 I have a white leather sofa , and two dogs and a cat . By looking at my sofa , you would never know it . Tannery Leather All-In-One Cleaner and Conditioner keeps it looking and feeling sparkling clean like new . It has a new leather scent , too ! I also use it in my car on my leather interior . It 's really the best thing I have tried , that is just one step , so it saves me time , too ! Thanks so much !
 I found this product by accident at an Ace Hardware store , and I am certainly glad I did . I work in the convention industry , and all of our displays , tables , and video products are made with a Vinyl finish . This product cleans and restores every time . I have actually never used this on my car , but I am sure it works well there too . The trick is to spray the product on , and let it sit for 5 to 10 minutes . Then wipe down the surface , and let it dry .
 exactly what i was looking for . i have had these springs on my car for over a year now and have n't had any issues with them , they 're still just as great as when i first put them on . nice ride without being too stiff , perfect for street apps .
 Great quality product . Greatly improved car handling . Great results on and off the track and still provides good ride on the street .
 I use it to keep my lawn tractor battery charged over the winter . As of 1/27/13 it is running fine . I purchased it in November 2012 .
 I have had this for awhile and have not had any issues with it . I mounted the prongs to my battery and now I just plug it in and forget it .
 It took around 24 hours to fully charge a weak battery on my Lexus RS350 , meet my expectation and requirement .
 The charger looks puny but it worked weill . . charged my generator battery in a few hours . simple to use . The indicator lights are easy to follow
 i bought two of these and they are just right . Easy to use . Came with the connectors I needed . No worries for the winter !
 I was looking for a charger/maintainer to keep my battery charged on my vehicle whenever I parked it over the weekend during the winter months . I read the reviews for this charger and decided to try it out . I had parked my car for two days with the outside temperature in the single digits , and I used this charger to keep the battery charged . It did just that , it was nice to see my car start up without the starter motor dragging while trying to start my vehicle . The charger is small in size , big on results .
 I 'll buy another ; this is my second one and they work great . does precisely what it was intended to do .
 Used on lawn tractor for storage during winter in Colorado . Did everything it promised . Would definitely reccomendto anyone in cold weather
 PROS : Indicator light while charging . Shows when charging is complete.AC power cable.Easy to get inexpensive terminal adapters so you can leave them on your vehicle and trickle charge as necessary .
 The reviews were correct ! It works perfect and the manual switch on the front is the way to go ! It is definitely a slow charger though . When it said speed charger I thought it might be an instant starter but it took about 12 hours to do the trick . I am happy anyway .
 I purchased this unit two months ago , and I have used it twice since then . The first time , I used it to charge my Lincoln , which had a defective battery . I did n't think the problem was with the one and a half year-old battery , but it was . It took all night to charge it , and the battery seemed OK for a few days , but went dead again . I then replaced it.The second time , I used it to charge my van . I inadvertently left the key in the accessory mode , and , when I discovered it , the battery was as dead , and I mean DEAD . It was as if there were no battery hooked-up at all . To my surprise , the unit charged my van in only a few hours . I expected it to take longer.I , especially , like the added features
 I have owned this model for over three years and have it connected to a pair of golf cart batteries I use for backup power . It has operated 24/7 all this time and the batteries perform like new . Even though this is listed as a trickle charger , it cycles on and off as needed to maintain a float voltage.I have also connected this to my Watts Up Pro power meter and tracked cost of operation . Maintaining these 220 amp hour batteries cost about 30 cents per month at the .09 cents per kilowatt rate . I do n't use this to recharge the batteries after running them down , as it would take far to long . Not sure why they call this Speedcharge , but it would work well for slow charging smaller batteries .
 I hook it up to my antique car and the battery is charged all the time . Thought it did n't work when I first bought it because it did n't charge the battery overnight . Takes a while the first time but will keep it charged after that . It was a bargain .
 I am writing my review not to describe the product so much -LRB- which is great -RRB- because the same reviews you just read before mine do that , I bought it because of those reviews . Rather I want to answer 2 questions I had that where not the clearest , or at least answered to my satisfaction.Yes this works on cars . I plugged in my Lumina sedan that had a failing alternator and it charged the battery up over night . Went from 11.8 volts to 12.7 volts.Yes you can charge your car by plugging it into the cig lighter port . As long as your port has constant power ! That is , your car off and key out , you still have power there . Leave the charger outside the car though , you never know ... Just wanted to help others who may have had the same concerns I did before I could test it . And oh yes , this thing is tiny ! Figure the same footprint of a paperback book .
 This Schumacher SC-200A Speedcharge Charger/Maintainer is exactly what I needed . The day it was delivered , I thought the guy had the wrong house because the package was so small - I wondered what could this be ? Did I forget I ordered something else ? I was so ready for disappointment that I did not open the package until 3 days later . I finally said I may as well open it up because it cost too much to return it - maybe I can use it for something else . So I took it out of its packaging , set this little box on my kitchen table , and it sat there for a week or more.Finally , and with my grass needing cutting badly , I took the charger out of the box , read the instructions -LRB- so simple and easy -RRB- , hooked the charger to my riding lawn mower battery , and to make a looong story short - IT WORKED !!!!! This charger is so powerful - to be so small !!! Now I do n't have to use my SUV to charge my lawnmower battery - I have a Schumacher SC-200A Speedcharge Charger/Maintainer , and it is GREAT !!!! My riding lawnmower cranks NOW without being charged . And for extra battery maintenance , I keep the charger connected , at intervals , when I am not using my riding lawnmower.Great investment !!!!
 Perfect , charged my dead scooter battey in just a few hours !!! The battery tender function keeps my scooter ready to go .
 Great battery charger ; small , powerful and easy to use . Keep it hooked up to my JD riding mower all winter long for sure fire starting .
 This battery maintainer is the best built one I have found . I own three of them and am in the process of ordering another one to replace another cheaper one that did n't last very long .
 I maintain many batteries over the winter and this one is working great since I purchased it two months ago .
 Nice little unit that does exactly what it is designed to do . I use it to keep a couple of marine batteries fully charged . So far it is working exactly as I wanted .
 Excellent little charger for ATV , scooter , etc. has permanent charger connection insert , lightweight , safety features , decent instructions , warranty card , the old fashioned mail-in kind .
 This product does what it is supposed to do . I have no problems with it . Thanks ! Schumacher SC-200A Speedcharge Charger/Maintainer
 I have an RV that has tandem batteries . Between trips , I need to keep these batteries fully charged . I ordered two one for the coach batteries , and one for the 300 HP diesel batteries . Now everything is fully charged and ready to go .
 I wish I could give this a 3.5 stars since I am not too sure how well built this thing really is . It is small and seems cheaply built . Does it get the job done ? Absolutely .
 I bought this charger/maintainer to use on an ATV that gets only sporadic use . It seems to work fine , and there have n't been any problems with dead batteries since we 've started to use it . The indicator lights are clear and give a good indication of what 's going on , and the price was certainly right . Note that the cigarette light plug will only work if the lighter is &#34; always on &#34; and connected to the battery ; if the lighter circuit is turned off when the key is n't in the on position , then you 'll have to hard-wire the charger to the battery with the included cables or else use the alligator clamps . Recommended .
 I bought this for a lawn tractor and I only anticipate using 3-4 times per year . I was torn between a manual vs an automatic charger . I do n't know why they ca n't just make them have both features . The tractor battery still had some juice -LRB- but not enough to start the engine -RRB- The first time I left it on for about 1.5 h and the light was green . The tractor would n't start . I reconnected it and it came on with a red light . Left it on for another 3h . When I came back the light was yellow -LRB- which I believe meant maintenance mode -RRB- and the tractor started right away.The only reason I gave this a 4 star is because it did n't work properly the first time.Other
 Got this to keep a charge on my daughter &#8217; s scooter . So far it starts when needed even if it &#8217; s been sitting for a while . Comes with a handy attachment to leave on the battery so you can just plug the charger in without a fuss .
 The charger works great , keeping the batteries fresh on my lawn mower , snowmobile , truck and cars ! It would be nice if it included more quick connects , but they are probably sold sperately .
 This a a pretty darn good charger for the money , my only gripe is that it constantly creates a high pitch whine when plugged in , regardless if its charging or not . Im assuming this is because the unit is creating the target voltage using a switch mode style power supply .
 Does what it 's supposed to do . Ca n't get excited about something that actually works . . Hopefully not necessary to buy again . .
 Performs perfectly . Maintains my motorhome &#34; coach &#34; batteries at full charge . Far out performs the B ***** y M ***** r I bought that was unreliable and did not decrease charge when battery was fully charged thus overcharging and damabing the battery . The Schumacher is far supperior .
 I order two more of these to replace the ones in the pontoon . The first one worked so well in another application , I came right back to the same manufacturer and model .
 Folks , if you have a motorcycle with a good quality battery and want tokeep the battery in peak starting performance , then look no further ... While in season or off season and just want to maintain a good chargedbattery with extra starting power , this unit has it . . Just as described , this unit packs quality built into this product , andthe `` 3 extra quick disconnect harness 's '' that come with it are a plus ... I use the `` ring connectors '' for permanent connection and I do n't evenhave to take my battery out of my cycle ... it has a long enoughtattachment that all I do is open my side panel of my battery box , andconnect ... done , simple and fast ... best buy for your money ... very pleased . .
 Charged up the lawn tractor battery and has `` maintained '' it at full charge . The unit does not get hot and works . What more can you ask for ?
 I bought this to keep the battery up on my 1999 Chevy truck . The truck is being driven alot less due to the high price of gas and after 4 or more days of being parked it would ether turn over slow or not at all . This charger keeps the battery up to full charge and overcomes the drain from the alarm and other accessories that are online all the time . I was skeptical of the low price since other like chargers cost twice as much . I can recomend this charger .
 I use two of these chargers at home . One keeps my Jeep ready to go , and the other assures that my portable -LRB- 12V motorcycle battery powered -RRB- bass-guitar amp is ready to gig . The leads are easy to connect , and the overall quality of the device is no more , or less than it needs to be.The charging cycle is quiet , and it 's status is always visible . It 's a no-brainer !
 WORKS FINE SO FAR-MEETS EXPECTATIONS YOU CA N'T GO WRONG ON THIS ITEM FOR THE PRICE . I MAY BUY ANOTHER ONE FOR OTHER USES
 Workds well for charging 6 volt lattern batteries , and RV toy batteries . Nice quality item , I bought three , and am very happy with them .
 I ordered this to replace a Battery Minder Jr that occasionally wont ` light up ' . The reviews of the Battery Minder Jrs are starting to deteriorate , so I figured that this one and it 's very positive reviews is worth a try . I do like the 3 separate lights as that red light that turns green just does n't work with color blindness for greens . It has moved the charge on an Odyssey PC680 from about 12.75 to what it should be at , ~ 13.5 VDC , Now , let 's hope that it continues . Oh and the second Battery Minder Jr I have - so far that 2008 vintage unit is working fine
 I bought this charger to keep my car battery up . The car has a small parasitic drain , and I have n't had the time to track it down . For that purpose , or for charging small batteries , it works fine . Just plugs into the cars cigarette lighter receptacle . No need to unplug the charger when I leave . I just unplug the cord from the car and drive off . I did buy an extension to reach from the charger to the car .
 We were skeptical about this purchase online so far we havent had any problems.Good quality for the price and i would buy again . : -RRB-
 I needed a new radiator in my 99 Impreza . This was a perfect replacement . The fit was perfect and all the mount points were exactly the same . Best of all the price was 100-200 less than anywhere else
 For anyone that has personally rebuilt an old car , these anti-corrosion washers are great.This package comes with 2 green & 2 red felt-style washers . Each color comes with 2 sizes to fit a variety of battery terminals . The price is right , the produce is fine . A good buy .
 You ca n't go wrong with these and should place them on all vehicle battery terminals after cleaning them . They are very easy to apply ; red on positive , green on negative , between the battery and the terminal , on the post . Do this quickly as the car computer may require reprogramming if you do it too slow ; if that happens it is easy to reprogram , just read your owners manual -LRB- it can alter window and door lock function -RRB- . Before you start blow across the vents to dissipate and vapors that could explode with sparking , wear protective glasses and protective clothes -LRB- long sleeves -RRB- and wash your hands after . The liquid in the cells is very acidic and will eat through clothes and skin . This is a good time to add distilled water to the vent holes . Do not top them off but bring the level to the bottom of the venting ring ; leave space to vent the gases , there is a slot . Close the cell caps . Use a wire brush on dirty or corroded or fuzzy -LRB- usually a white or green powder -RRB- terminals and connectors . Check your electrolyte , if you know how , to see if your battery is weak or has low/bad cells . If you have a lot of corrosion , cap the vents and mix about a tsp . of baking soda in a glass of water and brush it on with a toothbrush -LRB- if you get any in a cell it will kill the battery -RRB- , it will foam up if there is acid , then rinse and dry before placing the washers and terminals . Remove the ground first , place the felt washer , replace the terminal , then place the positive . Reset your clock and anything with memory -LRB- GPS -RRB- . Prepare for winter . If your battery is past the expiration date , replace it so you do n't get stuck somewhere . Most good batteries do not live past their expiration date and ca n't be relied upon . Walmart and Costco batteries seem to be the most reliable according to reviews .
 One of those small things that make life a tiny little bit easier . It is not very often that a battery post starts leaking acid , but when that happens , corrosion starts to eat the metal . A simple washer between the battery and the cable clamp costs next to nothing and slows the corrosion down significantly and does n't add much to the weight of the vehicle.It is still important to check the battery every once in a while , of course .
 This product does what it needs to . There is really nothing else to say about it other than , find it at your local store and save on shipping .
 Love this product . Worth it for your cars . Just slam them on the battery and forget they 're there , and the next time you have to work on it , no nasty corrosion crap . Your contacts wo n't get corroded so you wo n't get connection problems -LRB- which I had for a long time -RRB- .
 I put these two washers on the battery posts a few months ago and there 's no corrosion happening &#8230; so &#8230; it looks like they 're doing what they 're supposed to do . What more could a man ask ?
 I recently bought one of these K&N ; Air Filters for my 2008 Hyundai Sonata -LRB- nice car by the way ! -RRB- I also have one in my Honda Pilot . I am not here to attest to it giving your vehicle more power or better gas mileage , but I can say it is well constructed and much more substantial than the OEM type filers . I also like that is reusable and can be easily recharged rather than replaced.I do n't really notice more power or mileage but I have not had any mechanical break downs and have not had any reduction in my power or mileage as a result of using this product.I like it and will always have one in whatever vehicle I own in the future .
 Filter is awesome . fits perfectly . I love K&N filters !!! I buy one for just about every vehicle I own ... Performance increases immediately ...
 I bought this a month ago , and do not know if this is the right time to write a review , The product looks very sturdy and nice . Hope this will work as advertised .
 I received this item in the mail only two days after ordering . I own a 2010 Sonota and was getting around 29 mpg . After installing this filter I am now getting 31.5 mpg after two tanks . Also was a great fit . Worth the money !
 Its been installed in a 2010 Sonata for roughly a week now and its working just fine , as expected . Ive owned several cars with K&N filters , and theyre all great . I noticed immediate smoother start-up compared to the basic filter it previously had installed .
 I saw a little bit of a difference in my gas mileage . I did not notice difference in my horsepower or performance . The plus side is that this product pays for itself compared to disposable air filters . I will continue to buy these for all my cars .
 really recommended to anybody looking for a little boost and fuel economy in their vehicle
 Service & transaction wonderful ; very quick delivery ; Product outstanding ! Installation extremely easy ; gives my car a nicesporty look with functional use ; Recommending this seller to friends ; Glad I found this product not only for its function , but , price and easeof installation ; excellent company to work with and communicate with!Would highly recommend and will definitely deal again ...
 For the price , you ca n't beat this Flowmaster system.For starters , it is very easy to install . Just remove the factory muffler and pipe and replace with this . It 's pretty much drop-in . When I removed my old muffler and piping there was rust galore and the original muffler was actually falling apart at the welds ... Ouch.The exhaust tip looks great . It is not too big , and looks very classy . The system appears to be very well made , and is quite heavy.When started , the Flowmaster exhaust makes a nice , deep purr . Same goes for when you are stopped at a light . No ricey farty sound or anything , just the purr . When accelerating , the noise is excellent in the low RPM range , a deep growl , though it disappears as you approach redline.I have an AEM V2 intake along with the VTEC engine , and this complements it perfectly . At lower RPMs , the Flowmaster has a deep growl . At high RPMs , the AEM roars with a slight sound from the Flowmaster.Like the other reviewer stated , this exhaust is not all that loud overall . You can easily talk or listen to music while driving at any speed -LRB- within reason , of course -RRB- . I will update my review once I have driven with it for a while to tell if there are any MPG gains.Finally , Flowmaster products are made in the USA right in Santa Rosa , CA . Major points for them , right there.EDIT
 I liked this muffler as soon as I took it out of the box . It is heavy and seems to be very well made . It fit right in place of my old factory muffler with no fitment issues . But what I like best about it is the sound ! It is not loud ! It really is a moderate sound . No bumble bee in a tin can , or fartcan sound either . It has a very LOW authoritative tone , with a low growl when driving . You can listen to the radio or have a conversation when driving at hiway speed . It might not be loud enough for those who want a really loud aggressive sound , but in my opinion it sounds just right . Plus I think the stainless exhaust tip looks cool coming out of the back of the car .
 I was upset at first after receiving this product . The image and the name imply a black background behind the flames . I thought that this would make it difficult to see the flames , but when driving it does reflect in a way that the flames are easy to see . I contacted the company a few times to try to get the one with the black background , but they claim this does n't exist . The company was great in working with me and even offered a discount or return the item if I 'd like . Great customer service and the product turned out OK afterall . only did n't give 5 stars since the product is different than shown .
 Bought this for my mustang . It 's been about 2 years now and it still looks great .
 Great Price - Fast Shipper and Great Communications ! I 'll be Back ! Looked all over and they had the best price but I never thought that I would also get great service , thanks !
 I 've only had this charger for a short time , but it seems to work as advertised . It is also very quiet .
 The other reviews give a little more detail than mine ; this is a great little maintainer kit with quick connects and a smart charger . It 's compact and easy to use .
 Hooks right up to my quad and keeps it ready to go ! Great product for the price ! Shipped really quick too !
 I 've got a 86 ' F350 6.9 IDI diesel that does n't like batteries at the moment and with MN winters I want it to start . This charger keeps both fleet batteries ready to start below zero and prevents them from freezing and destroying the batteries .
 I use this to keep a couple of golf cart batteries charged up for emergencies . Works great for this purpose .
 Great price , i am using it on my 2009 HD Fatboy during the winter and seems to be working just fine . Could n't ask fr something better .
 This trickle charger uses little current draw while quickly bringing the 12v battery back to power.I use an older / smaller car battery with my inverter to charge the 12v truck battery .
 ... I 've only had to use it a couple of times for my bike , we 'll see after this winter ...
 Although not a true trickle charger , it still works fine . The size is compact , so it 's easy to use . I hope it does n't die on me , but so far no problems .
 SO FAR , SO GOOD TO MAINTAIN BATTERIES WHEN NOT IN USE OVER LONG PERIODS OF TIME SUCH AS THE WINTER MONTHS .
 It saved my ass in the mountains - my battery ran out , and I had no jumper cables . So I used this guy , -LRB- powered by a mini-inverter plugged into a friend 's cigarette lighter -RRB- and I was running in 15 minutes . Awesome .
 It 's simple , it works great . This will be the 2nd winter that I 've taken my rider lawnmower battery out of the mower and set it up on the trickle charger in the basement . Very important to keep the whole business off the concrete floor . Without taking the battery out of the mower , it would be dead by spring . Take it out but not trickle charge and I 'd get a second year ... but I 've been told that I 'll easily get a third or more with this device . Whoo hoo !
 this is a good item . had for months and still keeps working and keeping my car charged . i recommend it .
 If you are `` maintaining '' or `` bringing back to life '' a battery for home / agriculture / automotive use -LRB- I use this for all of the above -RRB- - this thing is fully capable of handling the task . Has the feature of giving you a `` real '' indicator of the condition of your battery , as well as the status of the charging process.Simple - Straightforward - durable - Strongly recommend you own this thing .
 Excellent product . Has all the necessary accessories to make for an easy hook up.Yes I would recommend this to anyone looking to purchase a speedcharger/battery maintainer .
 After buying one of these for trickle charging my motorcycle battery in my garage over the winter I bought another to trickle charge my large marine-type 12v . battery in my basement for the sump pump backup system . They both have been working just fine , thank you , for many months .
 I have a 2003 Kawasaki Ninja ZX-6R . I take the battery out in the winter and store it . Before riding , I charge it the night before with this charger and the batter works perfectly , even on my 9 year old battery.For weeks that I do really short runs that are insufficient to recharge the battery fully , I take the battery out and top it up with this charger . Again , it works exceedingly well.I highly recommend this .
 I bought this mainly for topping off 4 12v scooter batteries before I chain them for a 48v scooter . I also use it to maintain one 12v for an alarm . I had a so-called maintainer that cost as much as this charger but only was .75 amp . It burned up trying to top off some 12v batteries . With this unit you can bring a battery to full charge in about 12 hours.I am very pleased with this charger/maintainer and would recommend it . Schumacher is a very old company . I had one of their chargers over forty years ago .
 I got this for the same reason anyone would want a charger/maintainer ... and that is to charge a battery and keep it there . I have a classic British sports car that I rarely drive , and until I started using this charger I would return to my car to a dead battery . This charger/maintainer comes with everything you need to quickly connect and disconnect this item , in 3 different ways
 I love this little guy ! When I store my tractor over the winter , the battery loses it 's charge to the point it wo n't turn over . The SC-300A can be plugged in all winter to maintain its charge safely.The good
 Charges quickly and I do like it 's compact size.With 3 riding mowers , 2 jet skis , 1 boat , and5 cars , this charger is more than handy . Priceis more than reasonable as well ...
 I was all ready to purchase a new bike battery , when I saw the reviews on this battery charger , and thought I would try it . After 2 hours of charging a completely dead battery , my motorcycle started right up . Great little charger .
 The SC-300A is a gem ! We own a mint pre-2000 Pontiac Grand Prix GT that has the wonderful feature of U.S. Gov ' t approved -LRB- or perhaps dictated -RRB- day and night safety running lights that can never be turned off ! Wonderful if you drive like a nut or on long trips and need a mothership of lighting others can see all the time , but not so good if you drive around town on short trips and even the best alternator ca n't power all those running lights , internal dome and door lights , ignition , battery , fans , bla , bla , bla . Did I mention we have a detached , unheated garage and live at 42 ' North latitude in a snow belt?Enter the SC-300A . . While the documentation is poor and repetitive legal ease warnings abound , perhaps what 's missing mostly is a detailed description of what the three lights on the unit represent when the thing 's hooked up . It 's paramount that the unit be hooked up the battery to be charged FIRST ... This gives this genius a test scan of the battery condition , shorts etc. . Once this is done you 'll see no indication it 's hooked up correctly until the charger is plugged into AC . At that point , the amber charging and green light briefly come on , then the green light stays off and the amber stays on . Depending on the condition of the battery , the amber light will stay on until the battery reaches a safe pulse charged level followed by the unit alternating to green and back to amber , then from amber back to green until the battery is fully charged . But this is also a battery maintainer , so the green and amber lights continue to alternate as long as the unit is connected to the battery and you 'll quickly discover the green light remains on for some time when your close to or fully charged.Incidentally , if you ever see the red light come on , quickly disconnect the charger at the AC end then at the battery and check your connections and battery for a short.It took about 10 hours to fully charge a 550 CCA battery that was about 25 % depleted.It is safe to leave the charger on indefinitely as a maintenance trickle . Other high amp quick chargers can damage batteries by drying them out and often are n't smart enough to step down , shut off , or maintain a safe regulated trickle.I also discovered that because the unit is fairly RF noisy , I could actually monitor the pulse charging over an AM radio low end 530 band while in the comfort of my warm house.Downside of this product
 This is a very well made and compact unit . It works very well for keeping an auto battery charged at full state and ready to go . I used it all winter long and was more than pleased . I have a truck that sees little use unless the roads are covered in snow . This small little unit saved the day more than once this year . I plan to buy another for next winter and keep it on the other auto that does n't get used very often . .
 I had a Deltran Battery Tender for my motorcycle for a long time , so when it failed with absolutely no reason after 3 years of light duty , I figured that Deltran should allow for out of warranty repairs on their products that are designed to be non-servicable by the end user . I sent a repair request e-mail to Deltran and received a rude and obnoxious response from their customer service rep that I should just buy another unit . When I told them that this is no way to earn repeat business , I was told to go to another company and see if they can beat their warranty . So I did.The Schumacher works just like it should and seems to do what I need it to do now for the last 60 days without a hiccup or concern . I hope that if I have to contact their customer service for anything , that I 'm given better options as opposed to the middle finger I got from Deltran . Deltran = FAIL IMHO .
 after mounting/buying an expensive 3 battery charger on my boat and watching it malfunction in less than a year . I bought one of these to maintain my boat batteries -LRB- have four batteries -RRB- thru the winter . It worked so well that I 'm taking off the expensive dud from bass pro and buying 3 more of these and connecting terminals to the wires already in place from the fancy charger -LRB- busted my knuckles pulling those wires through nooks and crannys -RRB- so I can use these little units to keep my boat batteries ready to go . Downside is that I have to plug three or four plugs in verses one on the expensive dud unit . Upside is I can use them on my tractor , car , and other powered machines . If the three I am going to purchase work as good as the one I have , I 'll feel pretty smart . I could buy 8 of these for what the dud cost me . It looked so cool but this little unit out performed that piece of junk even though I had to go out every three days or so and switch batteries . Hence , I am purchasing three more .
 I just recently bought one of these chargers for my MC . It works perfect , just what I needed . I can recommend it .
 Maintains Gel Cell perfect , Product was as described . Got hear quick . No Cons . Would recommend to anyone who need a maintainer .
 I use this for my motorcycle . I am working on old motorcycle to get it back to running condition so sometimes it is as long as a month between starting the bike . This charger keeps my battery in great condition . It comes with three ways to connect to the battery . It has the normal alligator type clips and ring terminal connectors for permanent connection and a cigarette lighter adapter . Great product .
 This thing is so easy to set up for my 1980 380 SL Mercedes Benz . I keep it in the garage and do n't always get it out during the winter . I just hook the negative and positive wires to the battery and plug it in . POOF !!! It always starts . No jump starting.Schumacher SE-1-12S Fully Automatic Onboard Battery Charger - 1.5 Amps
 Have one , just ordered two more . One of the best products I have ever used . Leave my MC/streetrod/tractor and trolling motor on charge year round since they spend alot of time sitting in the garage or barn . It 's nice to find product that outperforms your expectations .
 The battery in my car was completely flat , but I connected this charger via the accessory outlet in the car and 24 hours later it started right up . Very impressive .
 I bought this for my motorcycle because the battery went dead over the winter . It was my first year owning a bike , so I did n't have a charger . I got the battery changed then kept this on there since it was still a while before I was going to ride . I will keep this on all winter next year !
 We seldom use one car . This charger keeps the battery topped off without overcharging . Does the job at an economical price . Very reliable .
 Do not bee fooled by the size of this charger , it a tiny little piece of a monster , it 's easy to operate , I thinks it 's clamps were made by a person who has used a charger before and knows that not all battery poles are the same .
 Overall it works for my purpose since I go away for long periods without using the car . It jump-starts as expected . Needs to be recharged even after a very short usage . Recharge is quick but not always possible on the road .
 Looked great and easy to install . I unfortunately , did not pay enough attention and ordered the wrong size . All my fault .
 I bought a size 38 . Accurate chest size , slim around midsection , and ample shoulder width . Good for slim muscular builds with wide shoulders . Ample sleeve length for wrist coverage with gloves . Not a loose wrist fit.Heavy brass semi-lock YKK zippers throughout . Heavy leather with a nicely pebbled finish and a light waxy feel . This is an inexpensive jacket built as well as much more expensive racing leathers . The dye is brilliant and stable.The jacket is double stitched throughout , and the panels are cut and laid-out to provide good comfort both on and off the bike.The pockets are deep and lined with heavy black fabric . There 's a bonus inside breast pocket on the left side that is deep and cuffed with leather . The main lining is quilted black satin-like synthetic material.The armor is dual density foam and comes in and out easily enough.I wish I could say something about this jacket I do n't like , but I ca n't . It is well above average ; and for the price , it 's a steal .
 This item was a perfect fit for my 1995 Chevrolet Caprice wagon . Very Easy to install , and came with the necessary fittings . Great product at a great price .
 This radiator is excellent quality , but may need adaptors depending on your vehicle . Specifically , the engine oil cooler connections on the radiator are one size smaller than the hoses coming from the motor on my 1996 Buick Roadmaster wagon . In other words , I had to put two reducer bushings on the hoses from the engine before they would screw into the radiator oil cooler . Not fatal , but an extra step , and the reducer bushings are not the easiest to find .
 This is the radiator to buy for no-hassle installation on a ' 94 - '96 Caprice or Impala . I had to return the first unit -LRB- another brand -RRB- because it DID NOT include a lower fan bracket , and did n't want to modify -LRB- widen -RRB- a rusted GM part for the thicker core these aftermarket radiators have . Use BLUE LocTite on the two brass adapters to prevent future oil leaks . Thanks to Amazon for outstanding customer service .
 These appears to be the same as the quality ones you get at the truck stops , but for much cheaper . I love it . Ordered 2 . Very happy with it .
 I use this mirror to watch the passenger side of my vintage car as I 'm backing into the garage - it works exactly as i envisioned it would .
 I recently had an old truck mirror break and was n't sure where to find one just like the one I broke . Went to Amazon and found this mirror , and was exactly like the one I broke . Very well built to last for many years to come .
 Stainless steel of hefty construction , outlasts the black finish version by a good 5 years.Replace the included mounting bolt which is not stainless if in a corrosive environment .
 Although these are `` truck '' mirrors , I find them perfect for home security purposes too . I had been using the larger , more expensive ones -LRB- at about 3x the cost of these -RRB- . Now I realize I can get the same field of view with these . They can also be mounted with flat strips of metal that can be purchased at Lowe 's , Home Depot , or just about anywhere . These are strips of flexible metal , about 1 '' wide , with differing lengths -LRB- 3 ' , 4 ' , 6 ' -RRB- . The entire length of these strips have holes in them . This makes it much easier to mount because you can put in your mounting screws anywhere , cut the length you need , and most important , it 's easy to bend/twist the metal strip to get the proper angle to optimum viewing . I have one mounting outside my front door so I can look through the peep hole and see if any packages have been left on our front porch . I have another mounted next to where we have our garbage bin - if someone is hiding behind a nearby bush the convex mirror will detect them . I have a 3rd mounted at the end of our carport so when we pull in we could see if there is anyone hiding around that corner of our house . I prefer the mirrors with the chrome backing because sometimes that 's the side people would see and the chrome seems less noticeable . Please note
 We ordered 75 pearl license plate frames and they are awesome ! They were shipped out immediately and were received in great condition ! Thanks for being so prompt !
 i like it . nothing wrong with it . it is just what it shows and im happy with it . got here fast too
 Almost the same as the original . A little difference in the edge but fits and looks good . For cars other than black needs to be painted .
 Got these mats for my son 's Honda Civic and they fit perfectly . Looks likecustom ones . Color and description were very accurate and they arrived from seller very quickly .
 I was n't sure if this was just going to be some knock off , horrible cap . It 's not ! Definitely did the job and fixed the problem I 'd been having .
 I bought one of these for my Toyota Tundra . From the very first day , the cap did n't operate properly . It would n't lock , and would n't come off without real effort on my part . I finally sent it back to Amazon and bought another . The second cap is working well , operates flawlessly , and keeps the amateur theives out of my tank ! They hit me twice before I got this cap on , so it pays for itself right away ! My advice
 Lord only knows why Toyota did not put a locking gas cap on the 2nd generation Tacoma . This Stant locking fuel cap fits my 2006 Toyota Tacoma just fine and have had no problems , no check engine light , etc. . Just to make sure it 's tamper-resistant , I tried jimmying the lock mechanism gently with a paper clip and then a small screwdriver . Neither worked . I also tried pushing down hard on the cap and twisting it off -LRB- some have said this will work -RRB- but it did not come off . Apparently only the key will open it so I am happy . The construction seems somewhat flimsy but what would anyone expect of a $ 13 plastic gas cap .
 It 's a simple locking gas cap and it works as I expected . What else can I say about a product that has been around forever . There is no rocket science involved .
 I am always amazed at how quickly my orders from Amazon arrive ! This product was exactly as described , and I am very pleased . Certainly could not beat the price anywhere !! Thank you Amazon !
 I got this Stant 10509 for my 2007 Tacoma . I 'm not sure what problem a previous commentator had but I have n't had any . I am unable to twist or wiggle it off when it is locked . The lock works smooth . It would be nice if it had the retaining cord that the original equipment had . Otherwise it is fine . Check Stant website for the proper cap for your vehicle .
 I got this for my 06 Tundra and its brought me some peace of mind since the fuel door does n't lock . Cap is easy to use and has a quality feel . Be sure to turn it backwards after you tighten it to make sure it spins freely ... sometimes it will not fully lock an you can just twist it off . Some have reported a check engine light with this and it goes away after putting the stock cap back on so do n't throw it away just in case . I have not had this problem yet after about a month . Would buy again !
 dealership wanted 250.00 for this mirror that 's crazy I only needed to relace the mirror part and that just snaps off , I did n't replace the whole unit
 Okay , first off , let me start by saying , I did n't even KNOW a tool like this existed until I met my match on a rear-brake job for an '04 Saturn Ion . That being said , after theorizing a tool like this HAD to exist simply due to the * extreme * level of effort required to remove one single shoe attached to the e-brake cable from the rear drums , I was extremely pleased to find this little guy !! Now , it 's not a `` high-end '' looking tool by any means , and it could probably use a little bit MORE `` polishing '' as it seems a little bit `` cheap '' . That being said , however , if you have an e-brake cable spring attached to a shoe on your drums that vice-grips are doing nothing for -LRB- i.e. . A little metal ball/object at the end of the cable `` holding '' the spring on the cable which in turn is also `` pinching '' the shoe 's `` cut-out '' hole -RRB- , you NEED this tool . It still takes a `` little '' work to use -LRB- mostly keeping the tool and the spring `` attached '' to the tool while trying to `` compress '' the spring and `` separate '' it from the little metal ball/object -RRB- and I do n't think it quite makes the job a `` one-person '' job -LRB- though that may depend on the vehicle -RRB- , it was indispensable for my work . My only `` improvements '' at this time would be , allow it to open wider , add some padding to those handles -LRB- or better yet , replace the cheap red ` sleeves ' with actual rubber handles -RRB- , and make the `` groove '' deeper so the cable and spring do n't try to `` jump off '' the end every time you `` expand '' the tool , and maybe shave down the ` back ' of the tool a little -LRB- the ` flat ' area considered the ` back ' of the top of the tool -RRB- . Other than that , best $ 20 I 've spent on a `` specialty '' tool ! I 'd pay more if the aforementioned improvements were made !! Again , I am surprised that this tool is n't more common amongst tool manufacturers as I would have NEVER been able to complete my rear-brake job without it ! And I 've done TONS of rear-drum brake jobs in my life ! This was the first with such a `` stiff '' spring , no amount of vice-grips could over-come the e-brake spring 's force . This tool is a must for any mechanic working on rear-drums with e-brake springs !! Highly HIGHLY recommended for peace of mind and stress-less drum brake shoe replacements !! Thank You Thexton for making such a product !!! And Thank You Amazon for carrying such a product !! Top notch !!
 Just what the doctor ordered ! The right tool , for the right job ! Could n't find locally , but I found it here in a heartbeat ! Sweet !
 Having used everything from brute strength to two pairs of dykes to handle problems with instalation of the parking brake cable , it is really nice to finally see a tool designed for this work !!!
 I got this for my girlfriend and she really likes it . She was looking for the silver one with pearls on it , but it 's been out of stock so I decided to surprise her with this and if the gold looks ok on her silver colored car . Behind the pearls the gold is barely noticeable and we both think it looks fantastic !
 Everything was okk and I am satisfied with the product . . The product got on time as I thougt that it was gon na be
 GSS342 is direct replacement for URD fuel kit . Installed on a URD MKII S/C Toyota 1GR-FE Tacoma -LRB- 4.0 V6 -RRB- . Great upgrade over stock fuel pump on N/A models too .
 Definitely the products you buy on Amazon are of excellent quality and the person and the shops are absolutely trustworthy.The completely strongly recommend my purchases from Venezuela
 I have this on my 06 Forester STI and it works great . It was slightly damaged during shipping as the plastic that protects the push ends at the pumps electrical terminals were damaged .
 I really like this product and has made our off roading trip much more enjoyable . I feel secure and unable to fall out . One down fall is that the straps rub on my neck if I am wearing a tank top .
 This little thing is handier than a pocket on a shirt . It is a pocket for my car stuff ! It was reasonably priced and shipped quickly . Love it .
 A few years ago I actually went to a dinner hosted by Wagner to introduce the ThermoQuiet line . I listened to the marketing , watched the videos , and ate the food . At the end of which , I was entirely unconvinced that these pads were so much better than any of the other competitive products . Since this also came with coupons , I started using these pads , first on my own cars , then on my customer 's cars . And now I am a full and complete believer in ThermoQuiet . Not only do these pads stop well , they are truly less noisy , less dust , wear well and ALWAYS fit well . Additionally , I see a lot less rotor warping and less pedal chatter with these pads . One more thing , if you really like your car and are going to keep it , do yourself a favor and put new rotors in with new pads -LRB- for whatever reason , modern metallurgy prevents a turned rotor from performing as well as a new rotor -RRB- . SSHHH ... want to know the secret to a long lasting brake job ? Torque your lug nuts to spec .
 Product installed easily , and seems realtively sturdy . A little expensive for what you get , but so is the trailer it goes on .
 I needed to source this difficult to find 1076 light bulb for my RV . The local autoparts store would special order one for about $ 5 . Purchased in small quantities is expensive . By the box of 10 it is a great deal , especially with the free shipping . I can not attest to the life of the bulbs since I just purchased them last month and have only installed one thus far . I have several fixtures which take the bulb , but even if I did n't , buying them bulk once , and you will save money in the long run and probably never have to buy them again .
 Nice fan , arrived on time and well packaged , fit perfectly and with no drama . Seems to cool about the same as the stock fan .
 This was a perfect replacement fan for my 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee . Tired of working on the factory electric fan . Also bought a spacer and it works very well!Bill
 I absolutely love these boots ! True , they start out stiff , but they are highly adjustable and really conform to your foot after break-in period , which is n't that bad as the boots are basically padded nylon mesh with armor , so you 're not breaking in leather-on-leather . It was difficult , at first , to shift in the new boots , but I wore them around the house and kept adjusting the laces and straps till they were perfect . You can get the laces and straps just as you like and then use the zippers for easy-on and off . They are so comfortable I sometimes forget to take them off at work , I use an ergo chair and if my boots were n't flexible I would n't be able to sit while wearing armor boots.The yellow heels and soles do show when you 're riding , even when grimy . I have been let down more than once by Icon products , but these boots I am buying again , with confidence.Ankles are complex and worth protecting.Update March 2010 : I 'm on my second pair of these boots after wearing down the tread in the first pair and gifting them to a new rider to have re-soled . I could have re-soled myself and they would have been fine but the new ones are cushier and have yellow soles . I will definitely buy a third pair when I wear out the current ones . They are lightweight , vented , and look great even when dirty due to the matte finish .
 I have a damaged lower back , not for a bike accident but it is one part of my part good / bad review.These are like ski boots . The break-in time was Way to much for me to take . Also because of very bad lower back I ca n't bend over . Thought these would be a snap after first getting the laces correct , then you just zip your foot in and pull over the two latches . Well doing the above after getting the laces right meant I was bending over for about twenty minutes . In that position I was in pain the rest of the day . Damn.Love the look of the boots and would pick them to crash in except one thing . They do n't really have ankle armor , every thing else is so bullet proof.But the other boots I have now come with -LRB- Joe Rocket Orbit boots -RRB- ankle armor built outside a comfortable leather boot with a great doc Martins feel to them . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Pluses
 I absolutely love these boots ! True , they start out stiff , but they are highly adjustable and really conform to your foot after break-in period , which is n't that bad as the boots are basically padded nylon mesh with armor , so you 're not breaking in leather-on-leather . It was difficult , at first , to shift in the new boots , but I wore them around the house and kept adjusting the laces and straps till they were perfect . You can get the laces and straps just as you like and then use the zippers for easy-on and off . They are so comfortable I sometimes forget to take them off at work , I use an ergo chair and if my boots were n't flexible I would n't be able to sit while wearing armor boots.The yellow heels and soles do show when you 're riding , even when grimy . I have been let down more than once by Icon products , but these boots I am buying again , with confidence.Ankles are complex and worth protecting.Update March 2010 : I 'm on my second pair of these boots after wearing down the tread in the first pair and gifting them to a new rider to have re-soled . I could have re-soled myself and they would have been fine but the new ones are cushier and have yellow soles . I will definitely buy a third pair when I wear out the current ones . They are lightweight , vented , and look great even when dirty due to the matte finish .
 I have a damaged lower back , not for a bike accident but it is one part of my part good / bad review.These are like ski boots . The break-in time was Way to much for me to take . Also because of very bad lower back I ca n't bend over . Thought these would be a snap after first getting the laces correct , then you just zip your foot in and pull over the two latches . Well doing the above after getting the laces right meant I was bending over for about twenty minutes . In that position I was in pain the rest of the day . Damn.Love the look of the boots and would pick them to crash in except one thing . They do n't really have ankle armor , every thing else is so bullet proof.But the other boots I have now come with -LRB- Joe Rocket Orbit boots -RRB- ankle armor built outside a comfortable leather boot with a great doc Martins feel to them . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Pluses
 these came very promptly and came with anti seize pre applied and plugged right into the stock connectors ... improved the suffering mpg and all in all is a great cost efficient product
 I got this for my 1993 Subaru Impreza , 1.8 L , FWD . It fit and was a proper replacement for the old part.Unfortunately , it did not fix the power issue I was having , but the old O2 sensor was definitely showing its age and this part did seem to improve consistency and fuel economy a bit.I bought NGK because it is a good brand for O2 sensors and this had a good price.The metal , wires , and wire covering were all good quality and in good condition . This part was also smaller in terms of overall bulk than the original part which was nice.Overall a good part that works properly .
 I originally purchased another belt that was the recommended one from Ford for my VIN # , then I saw that it mattered if I had A/C or not . So , I searched out and found this one . I had aftermarket A/C installed in my vehicle and that little bit made a difference .
 Very high quality , I have used other cables and they have either not fit well or they broke within a short period of time . The cable feels very smooth and the clutch is easy to pull .
 The topper is so cute not sure i want to put it on my antenna especially since we get some pretty nasty winters here .
 We put this on our motorcycle , and it has held up from Texas to Colorado and is still hanging on , we take rides on the bike every other week end all over Colorado and get comments all the time .
 I absolutely love these boots ! True , they start out stiff , but they are highly adjustable and really conform to your foot after break-in period , which is n't that bad as the boots are basically padded nylon mesh with armor , so you 're not breaking in leather-on-leather . It was difficult , at first , to shift in the new boots , but I wore them around the house and kept adjusting the laces and straps till they were perfect . You can get the laces and straps just as you like and then use the zippers for easy-on and off . They are so comfortable I sometimes forget to take them off at work , I use an ergo chair and if my boots were n't flexible I would n't be able to sit while wearing armor boots.The yellow heels and soles do show when you 're riding , even when grimy . I have been let down more than once by Icon products , but these boots I am buying again , with confidence.Ankles are complex and worth protecting.Update March 2010 : I 'm on my second pair of these boots after wearing down the tread in the first pair and gifting them to a new rider to have re-soled . I could have re-soled myself and they would have been fine but the new ones are cushier and have yellow soles . I will definitely buy a third pair when I wear out the current ones . They are lightweight , vented , and look great even when dirty due to the matte finish .
 I have a damaged lower back , not for a bike accident but it is one part of my part good / bad review.These are like ski boots . The break-in time was Way to much for me to take . Also because of very bad lower back I ca n't bend over . Thought these would be a snap after first getting the laces correct , then you just zip your foot in and pull over the two latches . Well doing the above after getting the laces right meant I was bending over for about twenty minutes . In that position I was in pain the rest of the day . Damn.Love the look of the boots and would pick them to crash in except one thing . They do n't really have ankle armor , every thing else is so bullet proof.But the other boots I have now come with -LRB- Joe Rocket Orbit boots -RRB- ankle armor built outside a comfortable leather boot with a great doc Martins feel to them . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Pluses
 The key fob works great after programming . One hint take your car to the dealer when you need an oil change or inspection done and they may program it for free .
 Buying this remote key fob thru Amazon , saved me alot of money . From a dealership they charge anywhere from $ 125 - $ 165 . I did have to pay $ 30 to get it programmed , but I still did n't even spend over $ 80 for everything .
 It was a great way to replace my old one . Got it quicker than advertised .
 Just got it programmed for my '08 Pontiac G6 today and it seems to be working great ! All fuctions including the auto start work . I 'm so glad to have a working fob again ! It cost $ 50 at my dealership to get it programmed , the cost of the fob was half of what they were charging at the dealership for a GM fob.This product arrived quickly and was well packaged .
 Excellent Charger , I use to have a similar charger but unfortunately was flooded with Alex Huracan in Mexico , I wait until was completely dry and spray it with WD-40 on the electronic board and the transformer and continue work for another 3 Years
 My copy of this unit is secondhand and at least ten years old . It had no trouble raising my 12V car battery from 11.6 V to 12.8 V within an hour or two and automatically shutting off.On first impression , it 's heavy , and it buzzed from the moment it was turned on . It also gets hot , but that 's to be expected . The AC/DC converter is probably about 75 % efficient . If this charger is legitimately rated at 10 amps , that 's 1200W at North American voltage , so it 's producing 300W of waste heat . That 's a lot and probably why it 's so heavy . This thing must have a five pound heatsink . I would n't leave it on carpet.Anyway , it 's not as pretty as some of the more recent units , but it 's stupidproof , durable , and gets the job done . Ca n't ask for much more .
 Mar2012 - Have had my 51A-PE for 12 years and going for another as a gift for Son who needs a Fully Automatic charger that wo n't over charge his car batteries , and a heavy duty Manual Charger for his Deep Cycle batteries , all in one package . 10amp is good all around size , not too big and not too small . Manual available for viewing -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this charger to replace the exact same type that I have owned for over 20 years . If I can get the same service from this unit I will be real happy .
 The gas valve for the water heater in our 1978 Dodge Motorhome failed after 31 years of service . I searched all over to find the right replacement and prices ranged as high as $ 249.95 . The price on Amazon.com was nearly 75 % less than the RV supply places and it was the exact same manufacturer and model number - plus free shipping.The valve installed and functions perfectly . I am now one Happy Camper .
 This is such an awesome gift for any Tim Horton 's fan . I purchased these for my mom , sister and neice . They make a great gift for those hard to buy for people !
 I think this are good , however the size of this mirrors for a regular car or SUV its just too big , not their fault , but I recommend buying the smaller one for a regular car , truck , pickup or SUV , will be more than enough
 I added one of these wedges to each of the side view mirrors on my FJ Cruiser and love them ! They stick on very securely and the size is perfect for the FJ . I have found that these mirrors are the perfect size for truck mirrors and allow you to see so much better than the smaller sizes . Since I set my mirrors correctly , I did n't really have much of a blind spot to begin with , however these just add a little more assurance and comfort when making lane changes . Being a motorcyclist , I owe this to my fellow cyclists just in case one finds himself in a bad spot next to my SUV . These really help keep everyone a bit safer!I have been through several car washes since installing these with no issues . They are still attached securely and the mirror finish still looks new .
 My Chevy Volt has problems with rear visibility , which is the price you pay these days for superior aerodynamics . So , I bought two of these which work perfectly for both myself and my wife . When I got the first one , I installed it incorrectly by putting the thin end closest to the cabin . Duh . So , the thin edge should be faced outboard/away from the vehicle . I used dental floss to saw the incorrectly mounted unit away from the mirror . Problem solved .
 I bought the larger model and I used these to eliminate blind spots on my truck . They so far have worked very well and have greatly improved the safety of myself and my occupants . However , if you 're an off-roader and you wheel in the rocks , AND you use your mirrors to check rear wheel placement you may want to consider exactly where you put these on your mirrors . I kind of lost the ability to see exactly where my rear tire is and I 'm not certain how I will adapt just yet . But it 's a concern nonetheless.For what this product does , it does it well . I hope they last a long time and do n't die with prolonged exposure to sunlight -LRB- UV -RRB- .
 Product is well designed and simple to use . It makes changing lanes easy because I can quickly see if a car is in my blind spot . These mirrors should be standard features on new cars ! Other products I looked at had non stationary contoured mirrors that wobbled and needed repositioning each time they were touched . This product is stationary and wo n't need any adjusting every time I was my car . Great product !
 Just recently purchased the third set of these mirrors for a new car . The mirrors are large enough to be useful and clear enough to see clearly . They also do n't seem to get cloudy over time as other mirrors I have used . I have used at least three other convex mirrors but these are clearly the best I have used . My wife thinks they are great too .
 I installed these where they said to on the inner lower part of the outside mirrors . The drivers side works fantastically , but the other side is not much help because that mirror is already convex . They do n't give instructions about removing them .
 My wife finds it very usefull when she was driving my truck , however I ca n't get used to it for some reason but it definitely improves your rear visibility .
 When you install them , make sure it 's the size you want and make sure you put them exactly where you want them . You 'll have a heck of a time taking them off . That 's a good thing tough . They work fine . I 'm able to see almost 2 lanes over with these mirrors . Never really have to turn my head to check the next lane anymore
 The first accessory I bought after I got my new car was this mirror . I have used similar shaped mirrors on two previous cars . The angle of the mirror is ideal to eliminate blind spots and the shape of the view if effective . The overall looks of the mirror matches well with modern side mirrors . If your side view mirror is big enough the larger version of this mirror will give you a better and safer view , but my side view mirror is not that big . Even with the smaller version , once you get used to it , it is a reliable view into the blind spot .
 I bought the smaller size first and ended up giving them to my friend for his motorcycle . They are just too small for a truck . Maybe would work on a small car for a person with eagle vision . The big ones are amazing , I love them and they stick fine . Have n't had any problems with the adhesive and I have been off roading and all . They stay on fine through a wash too .
 As some other reviewers have pointed out , this rectangular mirror is far more superior than those round shape ones commonly sold at walmart or auto store , especially for a passenger vehicle which is usually equipped only a small stock side mirror . I deducted one star off because the double-side tape is indeed not quite sticky , so it might be possible that it fells off after long time use . But right now I have no such concern.If anybody felt difficult to determine which size you should choose , perhaps my experience would be helpful . For a passenger car , like a sedan or coupe , perhaps most mid-sized suv , you probably wan na consider buying the smaller one at least for the driver side mirror , in case you do n't want to spare too much area from your side mirror already small enough -- a flat mirror is far more important , in general , than this wide-angle mirror as you need a precise feeling of distance while driving . But I suppose the smaller edition might be too awkward if installed on the passenger side mirror as I think it is hard to see clearly what it reflects . I only bought one so I did n't have opportunity to test it on the passenger side . But anyway I do n't think it is quite important as I am still doing should check when changing lane and the passenger side is much easier than the driver side .
 I have major neck & back problems and very limited range of head motion , not to mention the fact that I must use `` hand controls '' to operate my vehicle . I put this product on my driver side mirror and it works great . I now have a great view of traffic while driving straight and when entering a road from an exit ramp . I used a smaller version of this product before , but when I had to replace my mirror , I went for the larger size . Just remember , vehicles are CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR IN THE MIRROR !!
 This mirror is so useful that I hate having to drive a car that does n't have one . Definitely a no-brainer since it is so cheap and gets rid of the blind-spot .
 To put it in perspective , i currently drive a 2010 Hyundai Accent . I like the car , but the blind spots are pretty awful . It seems all the pillars are too big or in the wrong spot . To make me better aware of the cars i normally ca n't see well , I dug into blind spot mirrors . I 've now tried large and small round mirrors , a partially round mirror , and this rectangular unit . I came to the conclusion that this one is ideal for cars with small mirrors.Round mirrors give you a wide view of everything . Since i 'm less interested in any aircraft that may be following me , round mirrors turned out to be a giant waste of space . The useful portions of the mirror were relatively small and my preferred 3 '' mirrors took up way too much space . With a round mirror , 1/2 of it showed me my own car , which is n't likely to crash into itself . This rectangular mirror effectively cuts off the top and bottom of a round mirror , giving you the ability to see quite wide , without taking up a lot of vertical real estate . Given the mirror 's outward bias , you also wo n't be staring at your own car.In my car , these mirrors -LRB- i bought the larger , 2.5 x 3.75 '' ones -RRB- sit on the lower inside corners of my side-view mirrors . This way , i have my convex mirrors for the blind spots and still have plenty of my `` regular '' mirror area left for looking in the distance.Build quality is n't spectacular , but you get what you paid for at this price . Optical quality is good , with only minimal distortion at the very edges of the mirrors . The bulk of the mirror area is quite clear and works well . If i could pay perhaps $ 20 for a higher-quality version of this product , i definitely would . Given the price and how well they work , i still consider these a 5-star product .
 I bought 2 of these to replace similar blind spot mirrors I had on my Jeep Liberty . I like these better than my old ones , which were a different brand . The old ones had grown foggy over time . These have a better quality reflective surface than my old ones did when I bought them new . I would recommend these for passenger vehicles with standard size mirrors . They take care of the blind spots without covering up much of the rest of the mirror . However , if your mirrors are larger - and could accommodate it - I would recommend a larger size , because 1.25 '' x 2.25 '' is actually quite small . Be aware that these do come with the `` Objects in mirror are closer than they appear '' warning and that there is only one mirror per package .
 Ah ... this is the one I 've been looking for . It 's new , and slightly larger than the previous model.This one is also made by K-Source , part number CW072 . It 's about 50 % larger than the other one , making it big enough to be very useful , but not so large that it takes over the typical car mirror .
 This little gadget has made changing lanes -LRB- and exposing the `` blind spot '' -RRB- such a pleasant and safe experience . It took a little getting getting used to-since it 's slightly on the larger side , but I can not imagine driving without it . I found it putting it in the right lower corner of the LEFT SIDE mirror did the trick .
 I agree with the first review ... great item , but could be larger.There is a new item by the same manufacturer that is about the right size . It has the same profile as this one , but is about 1/3 to 1/2 larger.Look for K-Source part # CW072 .
 This review is for the 2-1/2 '' x 3-3/4 '' version.On the side view mirror of a Toyota Camry , this wedge gave a much wider field of view while only taking up about half the space on the side view mirror . With the wedge I could still use the original side view mirror for looking at things that were farther back , and I could use the wedge to look at things almost directly to the side.When I was looking at this originally on Amazon , I was thinking it might be too big . But after having received it and tried it , I find it to be the optimal size .
 I have a Honda Odyssey Minivan and since I live in the DC area , it 's impossible to check my blind spot by turning my head around when I 'm driving on the beltway . First of all , I ca n't really see into my blind spot when I turn my head and secondly , even if I could , I would n't want to take my eyes off the road for even a split second.I believe these mirrors are SAFETY MUST . I would highly recommend getting the SMALL -LRB- 1.25 '' x 2.25 '' -RRB- . Even though my minivan mirrors are pretty big , I think the larger HotSpot mirrors would 've taken up too much of the mirror . Even though these mirrors are small , you can clearly see if a car is in your blind spot . Also , since they are small , you can position them so that they are not blocking your view from the regular mirror . I have these on both sides of my minivan and I love them .
 I had one virtually identical to this from Brookstone many years ago . It was really convenient not having to lean into the side mirrow or looking over your shoulder to see if anyone was in my blind spot . I 've been looking for similar size , but all I saw were either too big or round and took too much realestate on my side mirror ... until I saw this product from CIPA . The `` mirrow '' is not real glass , but a polished foil . This results in slightly blurred view , but given that the purpose is to see your blind spot it does n't have to be perfectly clear especially things already look smaller anyway.The mirror comes with a double-sided form tape . Be sure you play with the positioning as it 's not movable once you put it on . I suggest you tape it on with a scotch tape to make sure it the position is not distracting from your normal driving position -LRB- hint , avoid the part of your side mirror that you look at naturally -RRB- There 's nothing to complain especially at that price .
 Stuck this on the lower plastic support of my 2010 Silverado driver 's side mirror -- the part between the mirror and the body . Fits perfectly . Keep in mind , it does not show the `` big picture '' because of its small size . After I mounted it and got familiar with what I 'm looking for , it 's good for both day and night . I look first in the stock mirror , then this to make a left lane shift . Looking only for lower side panels with both/either front/rear tires -- add lights at night .
 Works as advertised . Would have been just as happy with the smaller version , but luckily I have big mirrors so the larger ones are OK too .
 I have my back to the entrance of my cubicle at work and needed something that I could use to see people entering or standing behind me . Especially because I use over-the-ear headphones that render me practically deaf to the world around me.This works great for this purpose , giving me a very wide angle view of my surroundings , while staying relatively small and inconspicuous .
 Great little item to attach to a workstation wall to see when someone is coming up behind you .
 I use this mirror in the office to see if there is anyone coming to my desk . I sit with my back to the aisle and I was startled many times by people who 'd stand behind me and snoop on my computer activities.I attached this mirror to the upper left corner of my monitor using the douple sided tape that was pre-attached to the mirror 's back , and secured it additionally with a couple of Scotch tape strips . Now with my periferal vision I notice if there is a reflection change in the mirror , and I will be aware if anyone is approaching my desk .
 This product is great for cars with smaller side mirrors . They let you see the entire blind spot portion of the car and it feels much safer then constantly looking over your shoulder to change lanes . My only issue is that the double-sided tape does n't have a strong bond . In 30-degree weather they fell off my car . If you purchase this product consider purchasing stronger tape to avoid this issue .
 These are , figuratively speaking -- and perhaps literally , too -- a life saver . I do n't know how many times I 've hit the signal and prepared to change lanes when a quick glance showed me there was someone in my blind spot . The mirrors are large and clear , I only wish I had installed them in the upper inside corner of the mirrors.Get them , you wo n't be sorry !
 I guess some ` high end ' automakers are now incorporating these blind spot mirrors on original equipment . I 'd always put one on my vehicles .
 The mirror does what it says it will , i.e. remove the blind spot on your vehicle . Moreover , it does so for next to no money . I 've seen similar products in-store for three times the price . I would definitely recommend this little mirror ! It comes with double-sided tape for adhesion and simple instructions . Takes about a minute to install , and your driving experience will be much improved .
 They are easy to install and provide a wider view of your blind spots . I looked at others and found these to be the best value for the money . My wife had bought me a pair from QVC for our other car but I found them to be too small .
 I got the larger 2.5 '' x 3.75 '' mirror for the driver 's side on an older Toyota Camry . This size takes up a good 1/3 of the existing total mirror space but after a bit of getting used to , I like it . I mounted this on the lower outside of my mirror though the package seems to recommend placing it on the inside . Being that it takes so much of my mirror space , this position seemed optimal for me and shows a bit less of my car and more of what 's next to me.I can see about two lanes over where my usual blind spot used to be , which is really helpful when merging on to the freeway -LRB- my main motivation for getting this -RRB- . With so much viewing angle available , one will need to think about `` objects are closer than they appear '' for a bit while getting used to this , especially at night.Viewing angle is large , mirror shape -LRB- rectangle -RRB- seems perfect , build-quality is good , especially for the price . The double sided mounting tape is quite large -LRB- covers most of the back -RRB- and should be secure for a long time .
 I am very pleased with this mirror ! It really shows up the blind spot and now , I feel so much safer , using it to drive out the ramp onto the freeway and know that the mirror will show me if a car is there in the blind spot or not . If not , it is an all clear for me to jump onto the freeway lane ! What a wonderful help , it is !!
 These blind spot mirrors have been great ! With these mirrors there is n't any spot that a car can be beside me and I not see them with these bad boys -LRB- I placed them in the bottom inside corner of each mirror i.e. the bottom left for the right side mirror and the bottom right for the left side mirror from the driver 's perspective -RRB- ! These are 2-1/2 '' x 3-3/4 '' which is quite large as a side note , and they take up a good chunk of my truck 's mirror -LRB- 98 F-150 -RRB- so if you have a smaller car you might want to purchase the small variant of these .
 Cheap plastice mirrow for watching your blind spont . Better than the round type , this one wasnt all bad .
 It 's just what it says , nothing to exciting there . It works just like any other fisheye mirror , note the size though and make sure it will work for you , it 's quite small . If it 's close to your face you should be able to at least register movement closer still and you can see what 's going on .
 Got the 1.25 '' x 2.25 '' . perfect size for a small sedan rear-view mirrors.Personally I found that placement in the lower , inner corner works best -- does not obstruct the useful areas of the rear-view mirrors and provide excellent blind spot coverage.It does take a little getting used to , but once I got past the `` learning curve '' phase , it 's very useful.also , these are NOT made out of glass , which I think is good
 After searching through multiple sizes and brands , I decided to test a few . This brand has stayed on longer and seems to be made of thicker plastic than its competitors . Additionally , the back has a full square of adhesive , instead of only 2 strips like K Source CW072 21/2 '' x 33/4 '' Wedge -LRB- which cost twice as much at the time of my purchase -RRB- .
 I did n't realize there were two sizes and ended up with the larger size . Put them on the outside mirrors of my new KIA -LRB- which has pretty good sized mirrors -RRB- . They really give you a good view of what is beside you even in your blind spot , but they do n't leave much of the KIA mirror usable . Next time I would get the smaller size .
 bought 2 of these for my 12 accord . they totally ruled out my need to check blind spot on both sides . When positioned well , they are small and do n't block the normal view from my rear-view mirrors .
 I am using this on the passenger side . Just make sure you place it properly . Also , objects do look a lot smaller so you 'll need to `` practice '' with it a bit to get used to how far/near other cars are from you . Once I got used to that , it is great for seeing if there is a car in the lane to my right !
 I have this attached to the top of my monitor so I can see who comes in the door easily . It would be great for better visibility when trailering too .
 I bought one , and my co-workers wanted one . So I bought more for them -LRB- they paid me back -RRB- and a 2nd for me -LRB- so I can see left and right behind me -RRB- . Cheap , easy to use double sided foam tape .
 Had a lot of trouble working on my outboard motor . It 's difficult to pull the crank start rope and at the same time try to hold a spark plug -LRB- one of two -RCB- against the motor ground trying to check if there is a spark . After buying the spark plug and wire tester -LRB- that I should have bought before -RCB- was a breeze to test for spark . It immediately identified a problem with spark or fuel . It is a tool that I think most mechanics should have in their tool kits . It 's worth every penny and I highly recommend this tester from Amazon.CharlotteNC
 Quality switches . wish dorman had more colors , id like to keep all my switches the same shape and size with multiple colors . easy to install and work great .
 Over the years I have not strayed away from Simpson harnesses for my race and street cars . The quality , function , and style are the best . The pricing is definitely not the best however , but if you need to be in and out of the car or sit for periods of times , the simpson harnesses have always lasted and been the most comfortable to me .
 I did n't purchase this on Amazon but I really like this stuff . The bottle I have is n't large but has lasted me a while . 6 good sprays into the car just about does it . The smell is n't overbearing like some air fresheners and it 's not too weak either . Like another reviewer said it does smell like cologne kind of mixed with fresh linen . It is a very nice smell for a man 's car . It hides a lot of odors like food and dust mainly is what I used it for . I just leave my car doors open and trunk open when I spray it and it sinks into the fabric and stays there for a few days and the smells are gone . You could leave your doors shut , but I feel like the smell is too bad then and you ca n't breathe because it 's overbearing . Just leave your doors open for a good half hour and you should be fine . I keep it in my car usually in case it stinks . Bottle is n't as large as regular Febreze . I think that is why it is called auto , so you can take it in your car .
 This stuff has a great smell to it . It is kinda similar to cologne but not as strong and smells very nice . It is great for an automobile or anywhere . I believe they call it auto febreze because of it 's small bottle that can be easily put into the car . I 've used it everywhere else and it works and smells great .
 My daughter had purchased this product some where . I kept asking her where she got it . She could not remember . I was so determine to get it I went on line and found it . I just love it . Thanks Autobarn and Amazon
 I bought this today at a well-respected auto parts store . For five dollars , not bad . Not bad at all . Sprayed this in my car , smells good . Smells really good . If you 're looking for an affordable spray that smells good and works , and if your car is not smelling ... AS good as it used to be ... it would n't hurt to try this for your car . Thank you , Febreeze auto !
 Once I got this product , I told my mechanic to begin its installation with any description of the instructions that came inside the box . The mechanic was pleased with the performance of the hydraulic pump , noise very mild compared to the normal hydraulic pumps new package.To date 30 November 2007 is working properly .
 Item was never installed since the vehicle that it was ordered for was sold and the spare parts accompanied the vehicle .
 Simpson , need I say more . Installed in a 1972 Pickup with suicide doors and removable top , Look amazing and feel much safer even driving on the street . Camlocks are easy to operate and you do n't have to use the submarine strap if you choose . Ca n't attest to strength , I dont want to test it .
 this product is amazing , the steps got to myhouse in no time , n installation was pretty easy once I figured out how they went it was a piece of cakethey are sturdy n price was not bad ... very satisifed with purchase
 This was a gift and was a good price . The gift was well received and there has n't been any complaints .
 Tough but fairly lightweight . Easy to install on an '04 Silverado stepside . Almost a year later , and relatively light use , still in good shape . Paint does n't scratch too easily either .
 Great product For the price ... shipped very fast ... . really easy to install ... . done in 45 mins max ! I will buy this product again !
 I 've been having a problem with short lived pads and warping rotors ... so I try these using my same rotors -LRB- after I turned them -RRB- and voila ! No more warping rotors so they must help dissipate heat well and they wear very veery SLOW . They are perfectly quiet , I will use them until they do n't make them any more .
 My husband loves this dash cover . It installed quickly and perfectly ; and that was done by someone who does n't read instructions ! He chose this color for it 's reflective capability , rather than worrying about it matching the interior . Helps keep down the heat being absorbed by the black dash . Actually does n't look that bad in contrast to the interior .
 Connecting this harness could n't be any easier . Works perfectly . I have n't had any issues with it . I will buy Hoppy again when I get a new vehicle for towing .
 it 's a good filter , no any complain about and not feel any different after put it on either . It 's sure blocked much dirts from air flow .
 Is n't this like reviewing WD-40 ? It just does what all di-electric grease issupposed to do ! Works fine , does the job . Buy it if you need it .
 I bought this for my mothers Jeep Commander as she was always finding ways to trash the carpet in her vehicle.The fit and finish are spot on.Husky did well with the design and production.It fits the Jeep as it should , perfectly.After having the carpet cleaned , then installing the liner , the carpet still looks as it should for a new vehicle.Even after repeated spills.The liner contained every ounce of liquids and such .
 I had previoiusly purchased a locking gas cap which turned out to be a lot of trouble to open . I could not find the original one , so I bought this one to replace the locking one . It works just fine ...
 Fits car fine . Check Engine light turned off right after after installing this new cap . It would be better if it could be attached to the existing cap strap on the car .
 It arrived early in the mail and it fits great . It just as good as the original that came with the truck .
 Works great , fits like a new OEM cap , not like the replacement caps from the autoparts store that triggered the check engine light
 Does NOT fit the 2011 Sienna . The `` make sure it fits '' applet on Amazon has it wrong . I checked the manufacturer 's web site and they have the wrong info too . I called the manufacturer and verified that 192131 does not fit the 2011 Sienna . They currently do n't make an in-channel one for the 2011 Sienna . Otherwise , it looks like a half decent product .
 My '55 Chevy with a 350/350 would maintain a reasonable temp while moving along at least 35MPH , even in this Houston summer heat that tops out over 100 almost every day . But Houston is also famous for its hair-pulling traffic , which is where I had trouble with my conventional fan/shroud set up . Stopped at a light , the temp would quickly go from 190 to 210/220 and could n't use the A/C because that would just exacerbate the problem . Once I got thru a light and moving again the temp would drop about 10 degrees before the next light but then I 'd be right back to over heating again.I installed the FLX-400 on to the back of my stock 22 '' X 18 '' radiator . Had to modify the shroud a little at the bottom radiator hose to make it fit but once that was done it fit snugly up against the radiator core and the mounting hardware provided made it relatively easy to secure it . I wired it up according the instructions and set the thermostat for 185 degrees . Now it works perfectly even with the A/C on.Note , I did have to also replace my 60 AMP Alternator with 100 AMP one due the additional draw from the fan . I was looking for an excuse to buy a chrome alternator anyhow.This is a GREAT fan .
 I have used this fan on a couple of endurance race cars - it works great ! This fan fits a 19 '' x 26 '' radiator almost perfectly . If you have the clearance , this is the fan to use .
 This machine is part of a 3 step process my company uses to remove odors from cars and hotel rooms . I gave it 4 stars because it is hard to level the product which is necessary for it to run . Occasionally the chemical that you use in it will leak out and can sometimes stain your carpet . Also , while they recommend to empty the solution out after each application , that is not always easy to do . The last thing you need to watch out for is occasionally one of these units will have a very stiff spring in the cigarette lighter adapter and will be hard to remove . I actually pulled the whole thing out of my dash once before I figured out a way around it . My advice is not to buy this if you just want to remove an odor from your car every so often . It 's not cost effective , and it wo n't get rid of everything . Call a professional
 Auto Ventshades were a little late getting to me but were easy to install . It took me less than 10 minutes to install both sides .
 This belt has held up well for me with no problems . I bought it on when it was on sale for about 1/2 what the auto parts store wanted for one . If you 're not in a rush , just keep an eye on the price for a sale and buy it .
 It works great ! Just plug it in , and you can run Trailer Brakes for your F150 without any problems if you have the tow package .
 The pump came with multiple electrical and plumbing adapters . I guess it can fit numerous applications . It fixed the problem I had with my car . I recommend doing a YouTube search for directions even if you already know how to swap the pump . I had change the pump in this car once before but watching directions reminded me of a few things and probably saved me 10 -20 minutes on the repair job . It took me a little over an hour -LRB- 96 GMC Suburban -RRB- .
 I highly recommend this product . I have purchased 4 sets for 4 different vehicles over the past 6 years and I have never been disappointed .
 This is my second set of vent visors . The first set was from a competitor . The other had a leg that blocked the mirror and were thick and bulky . After returning those I tried these ones . I had these on in less then 10 minutes and they look great . One note on the Pathfinder instructions . There is a lip on the rear set with no tape . This goes in between the weather strip and window bar . Once it 's installed correctly they are nice and secure .
 Fast shipping and great fit.Just right for letting cool in and heat out.My 07 Pathfinder looks even better with the addition of these ventshades .
 Easy to install , fit perfectly ! Love leaving my windows down a crack on hot days and coming back to a cooler car .
 I took 1 star off because I had to get creative with the visor for the rear windows . The piece towards the back end would block the window from closing . I had to spend 20 minutes with a rotary tool cutting off the end into an angle so the window could get past it and close all the way.I would like to note there were a lot of scratches on the visors . One was deep and was white and very visible . I do n't know if it was because of the way it was packaged , shipped , or stored .
 Great value if you need to replace your mirror . Looks and works just like the old one on my '99 Blazer . But , take my advice and do n't let it slide off the hood of your car right after you receive it . It still works great , but I replaced a cracked mirror with a slightly less cracked mirror . Go me !
 A nice addition to the Olds . Price is right and it adds to the value of the car . Fits perfectly on our 2003 Olds Alero .
 I purchased this for my 2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee . It is not cut quite right , with the mat being rounded outward over the middle part of the console above the stereo , otherwise it fits pretty good .
 mr gasket has always made good products.these are no exception.i needed studs for my oil pan since i bought a aluminum pan for my 327 sbc.these worked like a charm .
 installed very easily and can not tell a difference between the old and the new .
 Fast shipping , awesome price , good quality and it fit perfectly . If I ever lost another mirror on my car , I would definitely use this company again .
 I had my side view mirror clipped off while i was at work and ordered this one the next day . I paid a total of $ 42 including shipping . It arrived a week later and i have to say , it is EXACTLY what i needed . I also called the dealership my father works for and WITH his discount they wanted $ 325 -LRB- $ 550 without -RRB- so for a savings of almost $ 300 , i would definitely recommend this product/seller . the wait was absolutely worth it
 Could n't find a Pcv valve for my 6.5 L here in town.Parts shops could have ordered it at twice the price I paid here .
 It is essential that you change this regularly on you GM 6.5 L diesel . Failure to do so can lead to excessive oil consumption and premature turbo failure .
 This was a great bargain , it matched the OEM mirror exactly , and has worked flawlessly for me for several years . Highly recommended .
 Went through spring , summer , and fall in Wyoming/Colorado , still looks great ! It also makes my car go way faster !
 You see so many people holding up their pass as they drive through , or they have it sitting on their dash for some stupid reason . This makes it removable , and does n't leave stick-um on the windscreen like the factory velro does that they give you . And it does n't fall off with extreme heat in the summer time like the stick-um can do when it pretty much melts off your window .
 We purchased this item for use for travel back and forth to Virginia on a new vehicle that we did not want to mount the usual velcro patch . Although we received it missing one of the suction cups , it still works great . Keeps us from `` finding '' the EZ Pass at each toll booth as it is mounted on the window during the travel . However , it can easily be removed when we meet our destination .
 I wish I have gotten two of this . The suction cups hold very thight if you wet them before installing it and you dont have to use the velcro strips . Ideal for rental cars .
 I rent cars on a weekly basis for work and I needed something to hold the EZ Pass to the window but easy enough to remove once the trip was over . This unit does that for a reasonable cost . The suction cups , once moistened hold firmly to the glass and have never come off until I have done so . The EZ Pass I use is for the NY style and fits nicely into the Holder without any rattles or interference . If you travel for work or do not want to see the large Velcro tabs on your windshield , this is a must have . Highly Recommended .
 The EZ-Pass Holder works as advertised . It was tested on a 2,300 mile trip and worked without any problems . A perfect product .
 For those of us that travel a great deal this product is perfect ! Changing vehicles was always a pain with my EZ Pass but now that I bought the EZ-Clip it is as simple as sliding it out of the holder and moving it to the next one . Simple is always the best . Great product . Great shipping -LRB- got it in 2 days -RRB- . Great deal .
 It fits very well . If only the velcro stuff would stick to the dash it would fit perfectly .
 I 'm getting a little bit of squealing now from these pads , but that will happen from time to time with semi-metallics . Great price for factory replacement pads . I 'm glad I did n't waste the money at the dealer or on poor quality aftermarket options .
 Bought this for my 2000 camry . Fits great and looks great ! Will purchase for you again in the near future for my other cars !
 These add to the looks of the truck as well as provide good protection leaving your window cracked during the hot summer days .
 They look great plus I saved $ 15 . If you like to crack your windows I highly recommend these . They allow you to crack your windows when its raining without you getting wet . Also they reduce the wind noise when your windows are cracked . I was very pleased when they arrived 3 days early .
 is made of good material , easy to install and I like something more is that it is difficult to steal , I really liked the looks of my chevy colorado , I 'll give 5 star
 These make such a difference when driving in the rain , they look great and are very easy to install . I installed in cold weather and the adhesive still worked . Love these !
 Easy to install . High quality . Could n't imagine driving without them . Allows me to get some outside air in the winter without losing any heat . If you smoke while you drive , I highly recommend these .
 The original lasted 170,000 miles ; I guess it 's time for another one . Do not attempt to replace one of these unless you know what you 're doing ; it 's a messy job if you live in the rust belt . It 's a bit more expensive than the knockoff brands , but when you 're dropping the gas tank just to get at it , this is a job that you want to do right the first time .
 My mothers car had the original OEM mats and they were beat to hell . I came across this ugly color on open box and for 12 bucks they are amazing . I would not have green ... . but the price was right . Mats feel high quality and they even come with the anchor hook holes .
 This mirror is a good match to the factory original , I would have given it 5 stars but I think the shipping charge -LRB- I went with the cheapest basic shipping and it was $ 13 + -RRB- was a little steep . I will add that it did arrive on schedule and in good condition -LRB- the packaging -RRB- .
 The mirror looks like when the truck was new at the dealer . It looks to be OEM . I know where to buy any mirrors in the future .
 I had some random guy fling his trash can at my car , and i needed a new mirror but all the ones i found at car places where super super over priced ! This was reasonalbe and it came fast ! it was not damaged at all , will buy from them again !!!
 This is a high quality set of decals matching their blue floor mat sets . The adhesive side is very sticky and adheres well to almost anything .
 My mothers car had the original OEM mats and they were beat to hell . I came across this ugly color on open box and for 12 bucks they are amazing . I would not have green ... . but the price was right . Mats feel high quality and they even come with the anchor hook holes .
 Two grommets on a shrink wrap card . Good quality . Strong solid rubber and a good fit in my valve cover .
 I wavered as to whether to buy this one or a lower lever Mityvac . Glad I bought this one as I needed the longer reach of a certain size hose . The adapter on some of the single hose models would have been problematic . As to the digital issue , it works fine and gives an exact reading . I assume the round dial version with the max indicator would lead to more of an estimate of the pressure in the operators judgement , as in `` about 185 psi '' as you have to interpolate the gauge . In contrast , the digital would read `` 188.5 psi . ''
 This tester came exactly as decribed and had all the adapters I needed for my specific needs . It is a good price for a digital compression tester .
 item is as described , it 's quality made , so far it 's holding fine and looks like it will last for some time .
 These are pretty good for only being $ 30 , are bright . I have had people flash their brights at me cause my fog lights were too bright but they work wonders in snow falls .
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 Simple Green is great for all types of cleaning projects around the house and works great on many car projects . I have used it for many years and love it .
 Was very easy to install on my vehicle . I have them also on my Pick Up . Does what the are suppose to do . LJ
 Bought this product for my Toyota 4runner 2007 . It came with the armrest cover , but it was useless since it was too big and did not fit nicely . On top of that , with the armrest cover , I could not put the armrest back to the seat . This part definitely needs improvement.Besides the armrest cover , everything else fit perfectly .
 Like the title says , typical hose quality and received on time well packaged . It a coolent hose that does n't leak
 This is a great cushion , I am in my car 500-700 miles a week & would not be able to make with out this cushion . My only complaint is that it is too small . It only covers about half of my car seat .
 I had shaky break parts every time I hit a bump my front end would rattle . buy these and it will fix it . if its the brakes that is :-RRB- good luck .
 I tried 2 other items similar to this one . Both proclaimed to fit my Ford F250 truck . Neither did . This one fit perfectly !
 Used them on my motorcycle . Looks really good , like a professional job . I would definitely buy them again .
 I 'm temporarily crippled up so badly I have to use a walker to get around . I put these flames on the front . If I ca n't move like I used to , I can at least look the part !
 I have to use a cane occasionally , as I jacked up my knees and back while having too much fun doing stupid things when I was younger . I had to break down and buy a folding cane for days when I am wobbly on my feet . Not wanting to look like an old geezer , however , I decorated the cane with two packs of these flame decals.I just got back from two weeks in Switzerland . The decals held up to being banged around , stuffed into overhead compartments on planes , and other generally abusive treatment . They have not peeled or lifted , and have not even become scratched . They look as good as the day I stuck them on the cane.I got a lot of grins from people who saw me on the street.Highly recommended - this is an excellent value , and fun too !
 Seen a previous reveiw about putting these on a cane , and decided to try this myself . Workrd great and jazzed up the cane so it did n't look so plain .
 looks great on a motorcyle helmet . I had to cut off the white though . stick very well , looks great . ordered another set
 already installed these on my dual-sport 4 years ago and they have been working great . Now i am putting some on my street bike . I really like the fact that they are inside the bars and the wiring runs through the bars , Makes for a clean install and the wire is not hanging out of the throttle and being twisted back and forth with the throttle all the time -LRB- I 've had trouble with the wire to heat grid connection breaking with the ones in the grips -RRB- Plus , you can use any grip you like and can change them any time you want without disturbing the heaters inside the bars .
 Product worked out really well for the JVC Stereo I used it with . Used the JVC Trim instead of the Dash Kit trim . Also did not need to use the metal sleeve that came with the JVC Stereo . Would recomend to others .
 Item arrived before the estimated date . It fit perfectly and made installation of the aftermarket stereo a cinch . I will buy again for a different car .
 . Every thing fit as it should . It made the installation easy even for a novice . shipping was fast . I 'm totally satisfied
 At around 210,000 miles the battery light came on in my 4runner . Intermittently at first , then constant . Cranking the heaterfan or switching on headlights did n't seem to have an affect , but the overall brightness of the headlights seemed dimmer than usual and the dash lights were also darker.Asked my local mechanic who said it was the alternator . Checked dealership who confirmed it was the alternator and asked for $ 600 to replace.Looked around online and this brand / make is the OEM part for my 4runner . Ordered via prime , visited my library and took notes from chiltons and other reference manuals . Bought a nice torque wrench , and replaced . Replacing was a little harder than I expected -LRB- tight space etc -RRB- but not bad at all.My truck is perfect again . Lights are as bright as they should be .
 I received the decal in a timely manner . It seems like when I am ready to take off my car it will come off easily without much effort .
 The sticker was easy to apply and has so far held up to washing . The car is only driven on nice days and almost never in the rain , so I do n't know how it would hold up on a ungaraged vehicle . A friend of mine has had same sticker on his car for over a year and its holding up fine .
 great product , much better than oem spring rates.saved at least 50 % on these springs compared to buying them at local stores .
 I washed my vehicle ONCE since purchasing this product . I researched many car wash soaps before finally deciding on this one . My car is completely wrapped in 3M vehicle graphics . I really had to be selective in the brand and type of soap I use . The 3M vehicle wrap technical section on the 3M website recommended this soap for my particular application . I conveniently ordered 4 bottles to keep in stock . The bottles are n't very large . I do admit the smell is great , if you like the scent of cherries , of course . I was quite surprised when I began to pour the product into a bucket of water . The soap formula is thin liquid , not thick like I envisioned . With that in mind , be careful when you start pouring , otherwise you 'll end up pouring the whole bottle into the bucket in one shot . The soap does foam up nicely and rinse off nicely as well .
 These ventshades went on easily and work as intended . I am so pleased with the rain protection and the cosmetic looks .
 I bought this keychain as a gift for Christmas . I liked that it was made in America and pewter ; however , there was a little discoloration on the silver on the back . Or maybe it 's supposed to look aged ?
 Hitch has a good paint job . It is well made with thick steel . Bolts for attachment came with it and were od good quality . Extremely easy to attach to vehicle .
 I bolted this to the top of my tractor bucket , I can easily move trailers by inserting any hitch in to this . Good value . Well made .
 I have an old vehicle which has a supply & return line running from the fuel pump into the engine compartment.The metal lines were corroded someplace . I simply replaced them both with this hose - problem solved !
 This fuel hose appears to be good quality , and is actually made in America . It comes on a plastic spool .
 These are great seat covers . Look like leather and they are easy to install . I have n't had them long so I 'm not sure how they will hold up , but they look and feel like leather and are really nice looking and fit great I 'm going to buy the backseat covers next .
 I purchased this product over a year ago , and it still looks good and works well . I run it thru the carwash , and it cleans up well ; it stays on better -LRB- in an automated carwash -RRB- if the tire if fully inflated . Great product .
 Received order very fast and it was just as described !!! Would n't hesitate to buy from this seller again and again
 Remember for full size 1992-1997 Mitsubishi Montero , NOT FOR SPORT . Was easy to install and adds an extra look to my ride .
 Accel is an excellent brand for cars 1/4 of a mile , with many years of experience manufacturing high-wire performance plug , thanks amazon for good deals . All in order .
 I have used K&N Filters for years . They always fit and are an excellent product . I just installed one on my F150 too .
 I got these for my husband 's 1992 Toyota Corolla . The driver 's side window would n't roll up all the way and the other windows were a bit iffy as well . This was a solution until we get the windows fixed -LRB- and we 'll keep them on because they are great -RRB- . They are super easy to install , but a couple helpful steps make it as easy as possible : - Figure out which window each one fits to & set it by that window-Before removing the adhesive , set each one in place to see exactly how it will need to fit-Clean each location with the provided alcohol wipes & allow dry time-Apply each shade to the proper location , pressing firmly to stick in placeA note of precaution
 Bought for 2012 Dodge Ram 1500 , regular cab , Express . Took less than an hour to install . They look like chrome after installation . Would recommend highly .
 They are n't kidding when they say custom item it fits perfectly covers every inch of my dashboard I love it and the color matches my carpeting which is lovely I order the smoke grey which is basically a rich dark grey I 'm happy happy happy I love it I love it &#8857; &#65103; &#8857; it 's so hard to find custom parts for Toyota Previa in a decent price range but with this the price is perfect and the product fits wonderfully I recommend this to anyone with a Toyota Previa and to anyone that just needs the perfect ash Matt &#9825; &#9829; &#9825; &#9829; &#9825;
 The gloves fit great . My only complaint is that my finger nails which I just cut back to nothing get stuck on the seam inside the fingers . I had a friend try them on as well and he had the same problem . Other than that which I think I can get used to I love them . The titanium plates make it look very agressive . I ride in Texas and my hand has not sweat yet in our 90 degree weather .
 They have lasted about 4 years . They are extremely comfortable and IMO one of the most important items you could wear when you are riding ! I have recommended these to everyone I know !
 For months and months I waited for a backordered Puig windscreen . 14 months after placing my order , I decided to give up on that dream and try this ZG one instead , and I have to say , I am impressed.It lacks the ultimate quality of the Puig IMO , however , it looks mean as hell -LRB- bike has aftermarket body , 100 % black -RRB- and has near OEM quality . It is amaig how something like this can change the whole look of the bike , and I would recommend this to anyone wanting a Puig ... or otherwise . Fitment was great , and it 's hard to go wrong here.Get it . Right now . Ladies love tinted screens . That is 1000 % fact .
 For months and months I waited for a backordered Puig windscreen . 14 months after placing my order , I decided to give up on that dream and try this ZG one instead , and I have to say , I am impressed.It lacks the ultimate quality of the Puig IMO , however , it looks mean as hell -LRB- bike has aftermarket body , 100 % black -RRB- and has near OEM quality . It is amaig how something like this can change the whole look of the bike , and I would recommend this to anyone wanting a Puig ... or otherwise . Fitment was great , and it 's hard to go wrong here.Get it . Right now . Ladies love tinted screens . That is 1000 % fact .
 Ca n't believe they can sell a quality hose for this LOW price . Fast shipping and as I said High quality hose . THANKS
 This is the best remanufactured alternator you can get.I 've been through alternator h ** l recently and ended up with FOUR -LRB- count them , 1-2-3-FOUR -RRB- dud `` aftermarket '' remanufactured alternators over the course of 6 weeks.OK , so that was very improbable , but the point is that most alternator rebuilds , I now know , are done with inferior non-original components , even the more expensive ones . With the genuine Denso rebuild , not only is the quality up there with the original build quality , I was surprised to learn it is NOT significantly more expensive . All with genuine original equipment supplier components throughout - no cheapo stuff used `` under the hood '' . That combined with the no-nonsense Amazon warranty and return package , is all you 'll need.Bottom line , this is a great quality re-build - no more weekly break-downs for me .
 Needed this pump for my 2000 ford focus zx3 kona edition took a chance with it and paid off worked great and I believe it was a true oem part not sure if it was a refurbished or not but it looked new to me !!
 I installed this on a 2000 Silverado . The kit fit however they sent the wrong fuse . The instructions were ok , easy to follow . Shortly after installing the fans it became obvious I needed a larger alternator to handle the load . -LRB- take this into consideration -RRB- . After all is said and done it does what I needed it to do so I am happy with it . I only had issues with the parts in the kit .
 Great quality product with updated ford tensioners . Hopefully not needed but if i were to do it again i would go with this kit
 Great product , better then I anticipated . Product arrived quicker then indicated . All replacement parts seemed much better then stock OEM part .
 High Quality no issues I replaced this when I was replacing a defective Cam Phaser . I would use this again if I need one .
 Description says it 's for a 2001 Kawasaki Vulcan 800A and it is NOT ! Unable to return and am stuck with a useless cable . Beware !
 I drive a '99 Camry , so `` custom fit '' floor mats are hard to find . These Nifty mats are a decent choice.The material is closer to a hard plastic than rubber . It 's completely smooth on the underside , though the mats stay in place fairly well because they fit the contours of the floor pretty closely.My only issue is that there 's a cut-out underneath the gas pedal that leaves the original floor exposed which I assume is some sort of safety feature . Annoying , but time will tell as to whether or not a significant amount of dirt gets under the mat because of it.Also , the color does n't really match the car . It does n't match the interior trim , does n't match the carpeting . I do n't particularly care , but somebody might .
 I got this as a spare part as I was having problems with the blower in my pickup and havent used it yet .
 I purchased these because I work on several sets of skates . They are exactly what I was expecting . A specialized washer that is hard to find . Good product good service .
 The Hub Assemblies work as advertised and went on easy . Price was very reasonable not even close to what they wanted to charge locally . Received product quickly from vendor .
 El producto corresponde perfectamente para vehiculos Mitsubishi Mirage o Lancer CK -LRB- latinoamerica -RRB- , como es una parte electrica , esperemos tenga buena longevidad , ya que esta pieza es un reemplazo del original . A simple vista aparenta buena calidad por su aparencia en cuanto a construccion . Como tecnico automotriz , me atrevo a recomendarla a otros usuarios .
 It is not carbonized to help with smells . The product was just the regular white filter material . Picture was misleading . But for the price it was cheaper then the other white media filter .
 I bought my car not knowing the previous owner was a smoker . As an ex smoker , I tend to be overly sensitive to the smell so I was very unhappy when the cover up scents from the dealership wore off . I put this new filter in , and it made my car smell like new again ! Very happy customer !
 Units I purchased for both of my Honda vehicles work just fine . I would buy these again when needed . Thanks for making them available .
 I used this product on our Acura TSX and Honda Pilot both cars use same cabin air filter . This is cheap and works well . If you let dealer change this it will cost you around $ 230.00 for the Acura and $ 199.00 for the Pilot . why pay more if you can do this yourself at fraction of the cost .
 its really good parts its look original parts , i loveto use this , never problem long life too , price is good too
 For some reason , local parts stores could not get the part . Everyone said it would have to be sent for a rebuild . a1 cardone and standard motor parts . Napa , Autozone , advance ect . The elderly man who owned the vehicle I was repairing had been given the run around by several so called mechanics . It was because of the trouble obtaining the computer . He said he had been trying for over a year to get his truck repaired . Thanks to amazon I had his truck repaired in 4 days.Just waiting for shipment , to arive . I will continue to do business with amazon , . Thank you
 Great seats for a street car , very comfortable , very supportive , great on long drives and hard cornering . NOT for fat or very wide hipped people .
 Figuring out what seat covers to get to match original seat colors given the myriad of reviews out there is almost impossible . There is just too much variance between reviewers . I selected these since my soft top was made by them . The seats are heavy duty and look great . They may not compare to much more expensive covers but , well , that does n't really matter if they look this good and are going to be very , very easy to maintain . Price was n't that big an issue here as I just reconditioned a 20 year old YJ back to form . I actually bought new seats but they didnt work out . So , going with these covers was a much cheaper alternative . They are great and I anticipate sticking with them for the length I drive my YJ .
 Not much to say , heavy duty bars made of chrome , that make my Jeep Grand Cherokee look great.My buddy installed them pretty easily ...
 Bendix makes outstanding products . I installed these on my wife 's Mazda . Excellent stopping force and feel . No noise . Little dust.Check out the Bendix web site . They have videos for helping you select the right type of pads for your car and how to install and break them in properly.Don ' t put cheap brakes on your car . You could live to regret it . But , then again , maybe you wo n't .
 Great quality replacement , much better build quality than the cheap Chinese bearings . Rolls butter smooth .
 Once you use these you 'll never go back . I 've had a automotive shop 26 years some of these connectors have been in use for 10 + years . Simple use , great flow , no scratching
 These are the best fitting seat covers I have ever seen . They fit my 2001 Jeep wrangler seats perfectly . Its labeled as charcoal but really is the same color gray as pictured . Ive had them for over 6 months & they 're holding up great . They clean pretty easy too . Any little pockets of space between cover and seat , -LRB- very minimal -RRB- has smothed out over use . I like them better than OEM .
 Got these for my husbands truck for x-mas ! he put them right on . He loved them!They did make a nice add to the truck .
 put these on in about an hour ... look great and perfect fit on my 97 f150 !!! thanks !!! they look awesome and enhanced the look of my truck !
 Best price by far any where and fast delivery , installation was straight foward with no surprizes . Looks good , works great !! installed it on a Casita trailer . And thats the skinny from Dave the Boss
 This exterior shower was easy to install . I only had to purchase a little bit of hose and connectors at the RV store , about $ 6.00 . Cutting into the wall of my motorhome was a little scary , but after it was in , it looks like it came on the RV . We have a class B motorhome and we installed it on the back between the hot water heater and the ladder . I made a holder for the shower head to go on the ladder , it can be put at any level on the ladder and it stores inside the shower . Great product for the price , easy install . Would highly recommend it as an addition to your RV .
 Very nice , well built unit , but the wrong size for my trailer cut-out as a replacement . It is better built than my original . It could use 2 keys instead of only one -LRB- it is taped on the side of the unit so look for it there -RRB- . 5 stars from me . If you are cutting your own hole this is a nice size and looks like good quality and a better shower head than most I have seen .
 This product arrived in a very short time , thank you . I installed it on the outside of my travel trailer with no problems and it works great . Thank you .
 This was a gift , but my son-in-law was so excited and ca n't wait to get it installed into his restored trailer
 This product is a direct replacement for what I had and is easy to install . It is worth the money . I will buy again of I ever need another one . Thank You
 I returned this item due to it would not work anywhere on my RV.Part looked great and build good looked smart
 This shower box was bought to replace the original one installed on my travel trailer so I had an opening already that matched the opening required for the new box . A container of plumbers putty and some exterior caulking was required to make this installation complete . Very simple to hook up existing water lines to the new faucet . Ready to go in around 30 minutes .
 This was purchased to replace one that the door came open and broke off . The door is more recessed than the other one so it should n't come open .
 Placed my order at noon on the 25th - standard ground shipping ; order arrived early on the 28th - nicely padded and packaged . This Dyer Rv was very quick ; They are now in my ` Favorites ' for future rv needs .
 this handle fit and looks better than the one it was replacing hade too take a keeper off the old handle and put it on the new handle the old keeper was a better fit than the new one other than that the replacment handle is a good buy and fit
 fits perfect in my 04 chevy tahoe -LRB- lifgate -RRB- . very easy to install & looks very nice , grabs a lot of attention .
 This Power Steering Gear Box Rebuild kit works great . I had touble with one of the snap-ring fastener -LRB- used wrong size pitman shaft retainer -RRB- but easy fixed and now no leaks . I used this link for the `` How To Rebuild . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Everything works and no leaks !
 I was going to take my 1998 Honda Accord in to a shop to have HID kits installed . After I was quoted $ 250 for just the low beams , I changed my mind . I had new headlight covers installed earlier this year that I also bought from amazon.com . Ordered this HID kit from amazon.com and it arrived quickly and in good condition . They were shipped via USPS with no protective material in the box . That could have ended badly considering the USPS stuffed this box in my mailbox . -1 star for the lack of protective packaging.I installed the lights myself . Install took less than 30 mins total . The hardest thing about the install is deciding where to mount the ballasts . I cable tied the driver side ballast to an existing bracket under my hood . The passenger side is a tighter fit , but there is an empty space between the car battery and the headlight housing . I just put the ballast in that space and it should be ok . Double sided tape/pads come with kit , but I was not going to trust tape to hold them in place.The lights look very good . A definite upgrade from the faux HID bulbs that I had . They are blue , but not too blue . Did not go with the 10,000 k because I felt that they would be too blue . There is a slight delay after turning on the lights . They come on instantly , but take a couple seconds before they reach full brightness . This is not a deal breaker though . My only concern is how long will the bulbs and ballsts last ? I hope to get at least a year out the kit . As of right now , I do recommend this kit . Updates to follow.I also ordered the high beam HID kit which I should receive after Christmas .
 i bought this product almost a year ago and have had no problems ... . the best HIDs i have ever used ... . i would get um again if i need them : -RRB-
 The colour of this light is like a state of art flash light . It is harmonic , light blue , very cool and not so strong to harm somebody elses eyes !
 Quality product ... best of the best ... decent price ... bought two kits ... took them to the shop ... parts and labor was roughly $ 350 combined . My Grand Prix now turns heads .
 We ordered this dash mat for a Ford Ranger . The color of the mat is a great match to the interior color of the vehicle and the fit is perfect
 I got this seat cover as well as the backseat so I could have a matching set for my 2000 Jeep Wrangler . They look freakin sweet and made my jeep look like it was brand new . They are super classy and the ideal covers because they 're waterproof . They 're comfortable and easy to clean . They get hot in the sun , but even after leaving it in direct sunlight for a few hours without a top on I never felt they were too hot , and once I was driving I did n't notice them really . These covers are a really sweet way to make your jeep look really nice and they have a great durable feel to them .
 Got these to replace crappy Smittybuilt neoprenes . So far so good . Heavy duty . Will have to see how they are when summer comes and the top comes down . Could get hot when the sun shines on em . They are more vinyl than the spongy neoprenes . Will report back .
 These Ventshades fit perfectly and installed in about 5 minutes for my 4 door Dakota , follow the instructions and make sure the windows go all the way up and leave them there for at least 24 hours , they fit better , look much more sleek and work better than the external mount version . No wind noise and it keeps the rain out with fresh air coming in , especially helpful if your a smoker .
 These seat covers fit great and appear to be very durable . I guess time will tell.Installation was a breeze and I felt the price was great for the quality received . My seats were in bad shape but now they look brand new.The only potential problem I see is that they could get warm and clammy in the summer since they have a vinyl type feel to them . They should be easy to clean and durable though .
 Installed these covers in a 98 TJ . Have used them for a year and they are in great shape . The snaps holding the seat covers tight on the seats pop open occasionally is the only complaint .
 Product was described and delivered as ordered . Took a little longer to install , then expected.TIP Follow directions do not try to install in reverse order.Mike
 Ordered this with a timing kit for my 99 V6 Tacoma . Easy install and fit perfect in front of the radiator . No problems with install .
 One of the best price I could find for an internet purchase . Delivery was super fast and shipping was free . Would do business again with this vendor .
 VERY EASY TO INSTALL DIRECTIONS ARE GOOD I HAD TO TRIM THE VENT TO MAKE IT FIT PROPERLY NOT A BIG DEAL . THEY LOOK GOOD AND FUNCTION WELL .
 Very easy to install ! So easy in fact , it would be a crime to buy these from a dealer and have them put them on for you ! They really do make a difference in your vehicle . A little extra shade when the sun is rising or setting , and allows you to roll the windows down a little even if it is raining .
 I have a Honda Ridgeline and was waiting on the Honda adhesive type for years because they are $ 220 and I heard the in track visors were terrible . I got sick of waiting for Honda to drop their price and I just went for these . Very glad that I did . I really like the profile MUCH better on these and installation was effortless . I did have one problem when the auto up drivers window was hitting the visor and coming back down . That only happened for a day and then the problem fixed itself .
 easy install , great price , makes the truck look even better than it is , recommend it for anyone that is looking for a great deal
 I always look for AVS in channel vent visors when I get a new vehicle . Great product by a great company .
 Easy Install , works as intended . Sometimes the auto up window button makes the windows revert to halfway-up mode but no big deal .
 This Visor fit into my 08 Ridgelines window perfectly and it was easy to install , I even installed it in the dark due to arriving home late and seeing my package had arrived
 These were perfect additions to my 2008 Honda Ridgeline . Installs easily . No muss . No fuss . I can now crank the window open a bit on steamy hot days while the truck is parked without worrying about that sudden rain shower getting the seats wet . These are rather flexible and soft to the touch a bit -- not like a harsh acrylic feel . Grey tint to help block the sun .
 I put these on my 2007 Honda Ridgine about a month ago and have n't had a single issue.Very easy to install and they look great.I highly recommend these vent shades .
 Bough this for my Honda Ridgeline and could n't be happier with it . It does rarely cause the driver window in auto mode to come back down when closing , but if I hold the button it closes fine - and this only happens occasionally . Simple to install and a good price - looks great and works to allow me to leave the windows slightly cracked in the heat while parked without worrying about rain or inviting theft .
 This order was received within 2 days on my Prime account and was exactly a perfect fit . The only issue I have had since I put them on my truck is this morning I rolled my drivers side window down and when I hit the auto button to roll it back up -LRB- it was downpouring here -RRB- my window would get to the top and then roll back down like a garage door with something in the way . I finally had to hold the button . I am hoping this will be something that will go away with time and the window getting used to having that small piece of plastic in there now . So far I love it .
 It works very well . I am very pleased with the product and the price which I paid for it .
 Great price , did n't come with adhesives but had those anyway . Supposedly they shrink slightly over time so be aware when adhering them to your dash . Mine was a lighter color than I expected but that also keeps the dash cool . Fits the dash just fine . Happy with it .
 For months and months I waited for a backordered Puig windscreen . 14 months after placing my order , I decided to give up on that dream and try this ZG one instead , and I have to say , I am impressed.It lacks the ultimate quality of the Puig IMO , however , it looks mean as hell -LRB- bike has aftermarket body , 100 % black -RRB- and has near OEM quality . It is amaig how something like this can change the whole look of the bike , and I would recommend this to anyone wanting a Puig ... or otherwise . Fitment was great , and it 's hard to go wrong here.Get it . Right now . Ladies love tinted screens . That is 1000 % fact .
 The dashmat was an excellent fit . Had no problems installing it . Thank you again for a great product . Lyle J. Christenson .
 I bought this for my galant and it looks great I recomend this product to any one that wants a good dashmat at a good price . It ships prety quik it arived befor the expected arival ship date .
 The dashmat is of nice quality , it fits well , the color matches and the price was right ; what more can you ask from a dashmat .
 The stealership wanted 75-80 a piece !!!! These are definately a better option . Easy to install as well . there is no apparant difference in the quality of materials
 The product is much less expensive then going to the dealer and they work just like an OEM part . Awesome deal ?
 light was cheap . cheaper to buy a new light than to buy the stuff -LRB- that did n't work -RRB- to clean the old one . Works great .
 I was happy and pleased to find this item for such a great price ! I replaced my old disgusting yellow fog lights for these and things are much brighter now !
 I got this v-belt replacement
 Although sold for automobile bulb sockets -LRB- for which it works great -RRB- , this product is actually silicon grease . `` Dielectric '' means that the silicon grease is an electronic insulator . See also Fantasea Silicon Grease Lubricant , `` for all types of O-Rings `` Although ordinary automotive grease is very damaging to rubber products , silicon grease is great for ANY rubber products , and for use on ANY electronic connection -LRB- other than high-voltage switches -RRB- . Not only does silicon grease prevent corrosion at electrical contacts , it also improves existing contacts.THE DREADED BLUE SCREEN OF DEATHAfter about 5 years of flawless operation , recently I got a `` blue screen of death '' on my computer , mentioning a parity-check error . Attempts to restart the computer just brought up the same `` blue screen of death '' -- I could not even get to the minimal Windows configuration for trouble-shooting . I removed the memory boards , cleaned the contacts with isopropyl alcohol , applied a thin layer of silicon grease to the contacts on the memory boards , and reinstalled the memory . Since then -LRB- a year ago -RRB- , the computer works perfectly.More recently my other -LRB- ca 10-year-old -RRB- computer has been getting progressivly flakier for about 5 years -- if I opened and closed several demanding applications and/or surfed the web extensively -- a lockup or crash was likely -- so I routinely rebooted several times a day to avoid the lockups/crashes . Occassionally , even freshly booted up , I could not access certain files or folders -LRB- the only solution was to clear the recycle bin , delete the file or folder , and then restore it from the recycle bin -RRB- . Running registry repair programs and other diagnostics did not help . Completely reformating the harddrive and reinstalling Windows and all my programs from scratch did not help . A new harddrive did not help . About once a month , the computer crashed with a parity-check error message -- which began me thinking that I might have a similar problem with the memory board contacts . So during my last annual `` spring cleaning '' of the inside of the computer -LRB- particularly the CPU cooler -RRB- , I also made a point of pulling the memory boards one-at-a-time -LRB- blowing any dust out of the contacts with canned air -RRB- , applying silicon grease to the contacts , and reinstalling the memory boards . Since then -LRB- 3 months ago -RRB- the computer has been working like new . REALLY!It would be a good idea to coat the contacts of any boards or memory with silicon grease before installing.EXAMPLES OF AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRIC USESDoes your car refuse too start when it 's been raining for days ? You could replace the entire ignition harness -LRB- for perhaps $ 100 plus labor -RRB- -- or just coat the wires with silicon grease , being particular generous at the spark plug and distributor connections . No need to wipe off excess . Also pull off the spark plug wires -LRB- one at a time so you do n't confuse them -RRB- and put a dollup of grease on the contacts.Replacing your car battery ? This stuff is far better than the petroleum jelly your father used to protect the contacts from corrosion.EXAMPLES OF PLUMBING USESIs your bathroom faucet leaking ? Disassemble it , clean it , and rub silicon grease into all of the rubber seals . Let it set , wipe off excess , reassemble . Does your toilet run on and on after you flush it ? Same solution.EXAMPLES OF USES AS A LUBRICANTIs the A/C plug for your juicer hard to push into the socket ? Add a generous coating of silicon grease and stick it in and out of the socket several times to lubricate the socket . Petroleum-based grease or oil may conduct electricity and burn -- making the connection worse . Silicon grease will not conduct electricity nor burn.Is the door lock of your car stiff ? Same solution , slather silicon grease on the key , and lock/unlock the door several times.IMPROVING ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONSDoes the right or left channel of your headphones drop out or sputter ? Silicon grease will improve the connection.Do you have to shake your TV remote to make it work ? Silicon grease will improve the batteries connections.Have you noticed ? 40 years ago leaking battereies destroyed uncountable flashlights and transistor radios . Everyone knew that you had to remove batteries when not in use . But then battereies improved in the 1980s and 1990s and almost never leaked . But once again , batteries are leaking and damaging equipment . Silicon grease will at least protect your contacts from minor leaks , and will improve already damaged contacts.RECONDITIONING RUBBER PRODUCTSDoes wind noise at high speed because of a poor door seal drive you crazy ? Coat the seal with silicon grease . Rub it in , let it set , wipe off excessDo you have a classic car with stiff dried-out rubber seals ? This stuff is first aid . If they are n't too dead , silicon grease will bring them back to life , and protect them from further deterioration.Sliding windows in your van hard to open/close ? Coat the channels with silicon grease.Within reason , you can not use too much . Unlike ordinary oil and grease silicon grease does not attract dirt.CAUTIONSilicon grease is NOT a replacement for petroleum-based grease as a lubricant for continuously moving mechanical parts . While silicon grease can `` recondition '' rubber belts and rollers -LRB- in computer printers , etc -RRB- it can also make them too slippery to do their job -LRB- instead use CaiKleenTM RBR Liquid , oiler dispenser concentrate 25 mL -RRB- . Silicon grease can interfere with repainting cars -- so it is best to avoid getting silicon grease on painted surfaces , particularly if you anticipate repainting the surfaces in the near future . In high-voltage switches , arcing can create silicon carbide which will deteriorate the contacts.To see my `` How to Repair electronic devices damaged by bad batteries '' , `` How to Improve Rubber Seals or Revitalize Rubber Items '' , and `` How to Improve electrical connections '' guides , click on `` See all my reviews '' above , then click on `` So you 'd like to know '' guides on the left side of the page
 This size of dielectric grease is perfect for application to prongs between plugins when working on a motorcycle . I used it for a new stator and rectifier install , I have never got a more steady voltage . It may be a combination of things , but I know a big one is this grease , and it helps those old worn connectors slide right into place .
 Wish it came with better instructions to apply for a ignition boot and a brush to apply it but I guess you cant have it all for the price lol .
 Just the right stuff for the job . Protected the electrodes as I wanted.Worth the money for the protection needed .
 This stuff is great ! Especially useful on those pesky trailer bulbs that corrode and are hard to remove . A thin film of this grease goes a long way ! I use it on everything outside exposed to the weather and corrosion .
 Not a lot to say about this except it works . I held off providing review comments for a couple months to verify that no corrosion has begun to work into the vehicle 's battery terminal , which would indicate a failure in coverage or the grease itself . So far , the terminals look exactly like they did when new , so I consider it a winner.The container is small , but then again you do n't need a ton of grease , either . I would estimate this tube as sufficient to protect at least a few dozen car batteries , all mating surfaces , so for most DIYers it 's as good as lasting ` forever ' .
 Very satisfied - arrived early . Item was as advertized . Using this dielectric grease to insure good lights on my 1937 Buick Special model 41 . Will use this seller again !
 I wish that after all of these years , Permatexx would 've lowered the price of this , but it is what it is and is a must when using for automotive purposes such as installs on pin switches for alarms in wet climates which is the main reason for buying it this time around .
 These are not a perfect fit on my jeep . The place its noticeable is at the bend from the bottom of the seat and the backrest . Other than that , they look good and have held up to the elements .
 Recently I converted my 1997 F-350 crew-cab from manual everything to electric everything ; mirrors , windows , seats , and door locks . The parts I bought were all used , however , the drivers mirror glass was totally shattered.I search stores for a couple of weeks up to 20 mile away with no luck . I was very happy to locate a replacement here on Amazon.I received in a just a few days and it fit like a glove.Thanks , J
 Bought this mirror after mine broke , the local auto parts stores wanting to charge an arm and a leg for shipping since it was not a stock item . This unit arrived on time was a perfect fit and an easy install what more could one ask for .
 I purchased this item for my hubby for Christmas . He was very surprised , thinking he would never get one . Well , after he put it all together , he was VERY impressed ! It does every function that he needs it to do and more ! He said that I actually over-did it , but who cares ... it 's all about giving anyway , right ?!?
 I 've wanted a musical horn in my car since i can remeber and this seemed like a great one to buy . The sound and quality is good -LRB- although i 'm sure it does n't play at 118 decibles -RRB- . Do n't be fool though it 's not as `` easy to install '' as they say it is . Especially if you want to add it as a second horn . I have an automotives class in school and we were able to install it in about 3 hours . If you do n't know anything about cars you wo n't be able to put this in yourself . But overall it 's worth the money .
 Excellent product and fits great !!! Very well made sun shade and is heavey duty . Would recommend this to anyone . You should try it , .
 it works just as advertised . keeps the car much cooler while in the sun . great product ! would recommend it to anyone wanting to keep their cooler or protect the dashboard .
 Overall
 Living in Florida , heat can become a major issue , especially if your car is black with black leather interior -LSB- what was I thinking ? -RSB- . This particular sunshade has a snug fit for the Lexus IS and blocks out the heat better than all other sunshades . Easy to use , easy to store ... it will not disappoint .
 Fits perfect , real sturdy product . It is a little bulky to store but definitely worth it for the custom fit .
 Living in Atlanta , you need to protect your car from the Hot Sun and this product does the trick . To install , simply unroll the shade , silver side must face the window , place the larger `` dash board '' side in first , then push the top `` smaller side '' behind the rear view mirror . The Shade is perfectly cut to size . To remove , simply pull the top side down first -LRB- the one behind the rear view mirror , then roll is up and Velcro it shut -LRB- Velcro is attached to the shade -RRB- . With this shade , you never have to return to a burning dash , seat or steering wheel again .
 I bought this for my Lexus IS-F . It fits exactly to the windshield size . It does knock the rear view mirror out of place when you are placing this or removing it . Storing it is not very easy since the included velcro tie is too short . I had to get another piece of velcro to extend this to make rolling it up easier .
 Perfect fit ! Looks great . Well worth the investment . I would buy this item again and recommend it . Fast delivery . Well made product .
 I received the sunshade in less than a week . Like others have said , when you put it in the window it does move the mirror , I have found the more you use it the better that gets . The sunshade is such a perfect fit that I do n't even have to put the visors down to keep it in place . I live where it is sunny and hot and it keeps the car much cooler and helps protect the interior leather from the blazing sun .
 I am really happy with this . It fits really well on my 2009 IS250 , and I do n't need to put down the sun visors to hold it in place . It also really does make the car cooler here in the hot Texas sun !
 Loved it !! Easy to put up . Great snug fit . Really blocks a lot of heat . I would most deffinatly re purchase this item .
 Product comes as advertised and fits nice and snug in my Black on Black IS 350 . As another reviewer stated , the rear view mirror does continuously get moved when removing the heat shield . At first this was an annoyance but I 've gotten use to it . The benefits of cooler inside temperatures and saving my dash and leather seats from undue Texas sun exposure outweigh the minor inconvenience . I recommend this product .
 A nice piece of chrome it is made well solid not cheap and tinnie Iam very pleased with the quality I got rid of the foot ball and went old school round and it looks great
 My wife got this as a supride for me.it looks fantastic on my car.I always thought they liikes cheap nut not this on good paint and quality product
 Not much to say , except for well built and easy to install . I have this product installed on all of my vehicles , a good buy .
 After searching all over the web for a window visor , I finally found this AVS product for my Nissan Altima 1994 . Very satisfied with the product . Perfect fit . Easy installation . Fast shipping !
 I 'm a `` fresh air freak '' , so these are a necessity on my vehicles . They do make a little noise , but are worth their weight in gold on a rainy day . The installation of these could n't be much easier . Price was good , and shipping was especially quick . Am very pleased . Oh yea , they are nice for leaving the windows cracked a little on hot days too .
 I love these pads ! Together with the Brembo rotors have really improved my stopping . They do n't really take long to `` warm up '' , and there really is no dust or squeals from them . I gave them 4 stars b/c I 'm sure there are better pads out there , but for the money , these ca n't be beat . Frankly I like them better than the Hawk Street Performance pads I had on my 94 RX-7 R2 .
 A little tricky to install , but it looks great on the truck . Read the instructions carefully and use the smaller nuts even though they seem too small . Once you insert the screw they will expand and hold tight . It took two people to do this installation ... I did n't count the curse words to give an accurate accounting of those .
 This compound may be old school , but it 's still one of the best compounds out there . Used on cured paint it will remove defects and orange peel with ease . Never seems to get the halo effect that you do with the newer style ND type compounds . Use with the 3m white wool pad it 's the bomb .
 Can use by hand , or with a rotary , but you better know what you 're doing here . This is a professional heavy cut that can eat clearcoats for breakfast . I like to use it with my rotary -LRB- low rpm 's -RRB- and a 3M white cutting waffle pad . The results are tangible and rather amazing , especially when used in conjunction with 3M Finesse-It II and a good orbital for swirl mark removal -LRB- which you will need to do after using the Super-Duty Compound -RRB- . This product is for older cars and trucks that are heavily oxidized .
 I have not yet used it although it is not the excact product I ordered . I will keep it and try it out sometime this winter .
 Product was delivered in different packaging from 3M then as depicted . But , 3M number is the same . Makes quick work of oxidation on blue gel coat .
 As expected , the paste gives a really nice , firm and controlled cutting action . If you know what you need it for then there 's not much else to say but that the rubbing compound is excellent.Highly recommended . I 've used 3M compounds before and they are just as good as always.This one is excellent for greater cutting action and getting rid of stubborn , deeper scratches and various types of surface imperfections .
 I bought the Stant 11504 for a 2011 Toyota FJ Cruiser . Several other reviewers indicated that it fits previous year models of FJ Cruisers . I just wanted to add 2011 , too . The cap fits and functions perfectly , once the factory cap and lanyard are removed . After putting a few tanks of gas through it , I 've had zero issues or complaints . I doubt I 'll ever need the factory cap again.It 's really a shame that so many factory fuel doors and gas caps do n't lock . If you wish to deter the most common gasoline siphoning attempts , or worse , intentional contamination or vandalism of your vehicle 's fuel supply , then the locking Stant fuel caps are a significant improvement over a factory cap . I 've tried all sorts of methods to remove the Stant , short of smashing the cap with tools , and nothing has worked without the key . Unfortunately , like the factory cap that it replaced , the Stant is mostly comprised of plastic . It 's not Fort Knox , but I believe it will deter all but the most determined criminals from tampering with your vehicle 's fuel supply . If you 're using this cap , there are just so many easier -LRB- unlocked -RRB- targets for them to go after , instead.I gave it a five star rating , but really it probably deserves 4.5 stars . Perfection would have been a full metal housing surrounding the lock cylinder and cap . Overall , I recommend it . Very inexpensive protection .
 After having expensive gas stolen , this product has paid for itself ! Worked perfectly on my Toyota FJ Cruiser.Easy to use ! I highly reccomend this product !
 I do n't know why Toyota makers did n't include a Lockinf fuel Cap for the FJ Cruiser . If you are concerned about your FJ engine integrity I think that this Fuel Cap can be a very good add on to your vehicle .
 My Engine light came on on my 05 Silverado and before I decided to hook it up to have all the codes ran I did a google on the issue . Gas Cap was the possible culprit for the light staying on . I ordered the Stant Locking Fuel Cap and received it in 3 days . Removed my old one and put the Stant on and took the truck for a drive . Engine light is out and I have the added security of people not wanting to steal my gas . Thumbs up !
 Yes Gas cap is better than OEM . Would have brought this many moons ago . Luckily the guys on the FJ Cruiser forums were talking about how good this cap is . Thanks for the fast shipping and good packaging .
 This product works great . The one problem i would say is the key only goes in one way and it is some times hard to figure out . Stant should make the key doubled-meaning like a car key . Both sides have teeth so there is no up or down . Over all -- A GREAT PRODUCT
 I know there is already a review for the 2010 Camaro SS using this cap so just to be sure this cap also works on the 2010 Camaro LS V6 version just as well with NO check engine light .
 I have a 2010 Camaro SS and this cap fit it perfectly and now I feel more secure about my car .
 This cap fits 2007 and 2008 Toyota FJ Cruisers , even though the description did n't say it would . The key sometimes is a little difficult to get in , but I suspect that has more to do with the dirty muddy dusty conditions I drive in , so I probably should give it 5 stars . It works as it is supposed to and has kept people from stealing my fuel .
 The gloves fit great . My only complaint is that my finger nails which I just cut back to nothing get stuck on the seam inside the fingers . I had a friend try them on as well and he had the same problem . Other than that which I think I can get used to I love them . The titanium plates make it look very agressive . I ride in Texas and my hand has not sweat yet in our 90 degree weather .
 They have lasted about 4 years . They are extremely comfortable and IMO one of the most important items you could wear when you are riding ! I have recommended these to everyone I know !
 Fits my vehicle well as promised . I felt the liner could be a bit more heavier for price paid . Does it 's job .
 The product works great and looks good on my 2002 Windstar.Great price ! Took a while to find one . Glad it fit.Thank you for reading my review .
 wE HAVE USED VENTSHADE VENT VISORS ON THIS CAR , , A 93 OLDS CIERA , AND ON OUR 86 AND 88 LINCOLN TOWN CARS , VERY GOOD , KEEPS OUT RAIN , LETS IN AIR DURING STORMS AND DISTINGUISHES OUR CARS FROM REGULAR CARS OF THE SAME TYPE WE LIKE IT , AND DELIVERY WAS FAST AND CORRECT.Also saved about $ 20 buying thru Amazon plus an extra $ 30 off.for opening a charge acct . A very good deal , net cost about $ 25 . Ca n't beat that
 I bought this K&N filter for my 92 accord with 189,000 miles -LRB- Spring Tune UP -RRB- . After installing it , I notice huge improvement response from the car . Now I get 400 miles -LRB- Full Tank of Gas -RRB- instead of 300 miles . When you buy a New or Used car , switch to K&N air filter .
 good product . however , the instructions are a bit hard to follow and do not directly correspond to how the grill is attached to the hood . but i like the product and it looks good .
 The gloves fit great . My only complaint is that my finger nails which I just cut back to nothing get stuck on the seam inside the fingers . I had a friend try them on as well and he had the same problem . Other than that which I think I can get used to I love them . The titanium plates make it look very agressive . I ride in Texas and my hand has not sweat yet in our 90 degree weather .
 They have lasted about 4 years . They are extremely comfortable and IMO one of the most important items you could wear when you are riding ! I have recommended these to everyone I know !
 Ordering a replacement Gas Cap for our 2007 Mazda CX-7 from Amazon , even with shipping , was cheaper than buying one from a Auto Parts store . The only drawback to this item , is the cord to prevent loss does n't attach .
 I acutally had ordered a gas cap previously with a lock , and had significant difficulty with the key/lock system , which appeared to be cheaply built . I therefore went back to a conventional cap . It arrived quickly , was a good bargain , and has worked well
 Works well , a little tighter fit than the paper filter . Did n't notice much of a performance increase if any but the fact it lasts much longer than the paper filter makes it worth it to me .
 Very easy to follow instructions to program the remote . I did it in less than a minute . Also , the remote is of the same exact quality as the original . Nothing to complain about A + + .
 You just need to program it which takes couple of mins and it works without any problem . I will recommend it .
 Arrived very quickly . Thought about replacing the whole mirror but this was way cheaper and much easier . Took about ten minutes to complete .
 This is very nice . It was hard to get on the steering wheel - however that is probably best as it will stay in place better .
 I bought this hose a couple years ago . I received it on time and it was an exact fit to the original equiptment . This was for my 1996 f150 4x4 xlt . I had no problems replacing the old one . I sprayed the fittings a few times over a couple days with PB blaster and everything came apart easily . Best to do this with a cold engine . Have something to catch the oil in when pulling the hose . You should also pull the positve connection off the battery when doing this job . Better safe than sorry .
 This dashmat fits fairly well , and the cutouts for the vents are positioned where they should be . The edges have a cloth band sewn in place , so there is no worry of fraying . The material , however , is very thin . If the material was a little thicker , it would likely lie flatter on the dash surface and give the dashmat a cleaner look.For its intended purpose - protect the dash from the harmful effects of UV - it gets the job done . Based upon a reasonable price , and lack of a viable alternative , I would buy this dashmat again . Sure beats using 2 pillowcases !
 It 's true , snip off your old pushrods with a bolt cutter , it 's fun ! If you need to swap a cam but do n't want to pull your seat , fuel tank and dismantle your rocker boxes , these are what you need . Also , the stock pushrods are in mixed fixed lengths that will give a different lifter pre-load every time the parts are put together . These adjustable rods are set to the perfect length and pre-load every time they are installed !
 I needed black superbike bars and these were them . Perfect for the job . Fit and finish was great .
 Bought these to replace the lame ape hangers I had on my 83 kz550 . I 'm very impressed with the quality of the bars , they give my bike a whole new sporty feeling that I absolutely love .
 Ca n't go wrong for the price . They look great and were easy to install ' and increased my comfort while riding , which I was n't sure would happen . I got the Daytona Bar and based on my experience would buy any of the other bars from this seller .
 they were what i was looking for and the best priced on the web , i got them fast and looked like what i was wanting on my bike . very very happy
 I got the Clubman bar to put on a bike that I converted to a cafe racer . Great build quality and shipped quickly .
 Purchased the for my boyfriends 78 Yamaha 750 . Took a bit longer for delivery but the bars are great for his cafe style . Much easier to handle the bike
 Got these bars , and although they do n't fit my bike -LRB- error on my part -RRB- , I had no shipping issues as mentioned previously . These bars came in 2 days time and are uniformly painted and clean throughout . For the price , I 'd say these are a great bargain .
 I have an '81 Yamaha 850 Special . Back in the old days , Japanese makers offered versions of their motorcycles styled to resemble Harley Davidsons . Peanut tanks , sometimes extended forks , stepped seats , and pullback or `` buckhorn '' handlebars . These parts were applied to the regular motorcycles in hopes of appealing to the Harley wannabe buyer . Yamaha 's version of this trend was called a `` Special '' . I bought my Special in April of this year . I do n't like the look at all , but the price was right and other than the silly styling , it 's a standard XS850.The buckhorn bars though , bugged me . They looked ridiculous , made my wrists hurt , and forced me to adopt a straight up riding stance that was n't comfortable for my back.The Daytona bars , however have made this Special live up to its name . The bike handles MUCH better now . The riding position is more comfortable as well . I had to get a little creative when routing my clutch and throttle cables , but I knew I 'd have to do that.The stock mirrors do n't work with the Daytona bars , so last night I installed bar-end mirrors -LRB- see separate review -RRB- . I just wish I 'd purchased these bars sooner . Great product , great price !
 I bought the chrome clubman bars for a cafe racer project bike . These bars sat on the bike , outside for over a year and never rusted . Granted , the bike was covered but with FL humidity etc , rust free is impressive . They fit well . Suggestion , it 's a major PITA to cut holes and run wires in these bars , pay someone to do this !
 I own a 2004 Ducati Multistrada 1000DS which I bought new . The bike came with these wide straight handlebars that really hurt my elbows for some reason.Ducati put out a whole catalog of accessories for the Multistrada ; over priced do-dads , carbon fiber this and that , etc. . You can purchase 2 types of carbon fiber wheels for the bike , but do you think Ducati or their deals would sell different handlebars ? No way.These Daytona handle bars made by BikeMaster look exactly like the OEM Bars but are about an inch narrower and are pulled back about an inch and a half . The difference for me was like night and day !!! Best of all the first Daytona handle bars I bought were about $ 16.00 ; NOTHING from the Ducati Dealer is $ 16 . I 'm back for another set of Bike master bars due to a little mishap . I think the handle bars were $ 19.00 now ; a bargain!BikeMaster Daytona handlebars are awesome !
 Good : Good price , arrived on time , packed nicely , products looks to be good quality.Fit and finish
 This filter costs less than the Volvo paper OEM filter . It never has to be thrown out , just cleaned every 50K miles . Increase in performance was very noticeable .
 Got this for my 2000 Volvo S70 , noticed a little bit more pick up and gives a little bit more of a growl when accelerating now.Great quality , have not had to clean it yet but will post an update on how that goes .
 Great product . Direct replacement to Volvo OEM air filter . The car produces slightly better power because of higher air flow . Highly recommended .
 Performance and MPG increase ? Maybe in a dyno lab , but probably no real-world noticable changes.Exhaust does sound a bit growly-er , however.The reason you should buy this filter is because it is WASHABLE . Paper filters are about $ 15 each , and you should replace them every 3 oil changes , more if you live in a dusty climate . This filter and -LRB- a re-oil kit -RRB- can pay for itself fairly quickly.I 've used these on 5 cars over the last 15 years .
 The gloves fit great . My only complaint is that my finger nails which I just cut back to nothing get stuck on the seam inside the fingers . I had a friend try them on as well and he had the same problem . Other than that which I think I can get used to I love them . The titanium plates make it look very agressive . I ride in Texas and my hand has not sweat yet in our 90 degree weather .
 They have lasted about 4 years . They are extremely comfortable and IMO one of the most important items you could wear when you are riding ! I have recommended these to everyone I know !
 I Alreday have 1 of these , the pedal is not hard at all , & it has a lot ofgripping power . Nice clutch , Great price .
 Pros
 Ordered this for my 2001 Subaru Forester for the winter season , and I have no complaints whatsoever . It fit perfectly and does a great job of keeping mud and snow within the plastic contour . I highly recommend it !
 I have had this item for about 6 weeks . Have n't used to a lot , but so far I like it . This power inverter is smaller and looks nicer than my old one , which was stolen out of my car along with a few other things.It has one electrical outlet , and above that is a cigarette lighter outlet , so if you have other devices that need that kind outlet you can use them while this power inverter is plugged in.The plug fits kind of loosely in my cigarette lighter outlet , but I do n't know if that 's the plug or the outlet on my car.The only thing I do n't like about this item is the `` no tangle '' cord . Its one of those coiled up cords , like a telephone cord -LRB- look at the picture of the item -RRB- . The cord is long enough that it could stretch to the backseat , but if I were to try this it would pull the plug out of the outlet . Its coiled so tight that I could n't really put it anywhere that would require the coil to be stretched . It just annoys me that they call it a 36 '' cord . For practical use not more than probably 18 '' , but I do n't have the item right in front of me to measure it.I 'll still give this item 5 stars . 4.5 if Amazon allowed 1/2 stars .
 I bought this because a friend of mine had it and was very happy with it . I 've used it now on two long trips , with both my navigation system and a 15 inch laptop computer running games plugged in at the same time . No issues whatsoever . Highly recommended product .
 This inverter is almost silent and the cord helps you reach 12 volt lighter sockets that are hard to reach.I would buy this again .
 I have had this power inverter for a very long time , and I am happy with the way it works . It is convenient to have this in the car for charging small items for which you may not have a car charger . I mainly use it for charging my cell phone , but I have also used it to charge digital cameras , rechargeable batteries , netbooks , Kindle , etc. . You have to watch the voltage/watts of the item you want to use . I do n't think this can handle larger laptops for extended periods of time . However , I have never had a problem with my netbook.Two problems which make this item lose a star , are that the additional DC plug is too close to the AC outlet - making it difficult to make use of both plugs at the same time -LRB- especially with the larger plugs included with GPS units - particularly Garmin 's and some electronics use the block adapters as plugs , which would cover the DC plug -RRB- ; and the cord that plugs into your car comes out of the side of the unit towards the bottom . This means that if you want to place this in a cup holder , as it appears to be the perfect size for , it will not fall flush into the cup holder because the cord will be in the way . This is more than a slight inconvenience because if you go ahead an place it in the cup holder anyway , the pressure from the item on the cord will eventually cause the unit to stop working when the cord gets dislodged.However , both of these things can be overlooked if you are not too picky . The unit can be placed on the floor , instead of a cup holder ; and you can use a small extension cord -LRB- I have a small 8 '' cord that I use -RRB- - and that allows items with larger plugs to fit in both the AC and DC outlets.For this current price -LRB- less than ten dollars -RRB- you ca n't beat this inverter !
 I purchased this item so that I can heat up water but it could not handle the wattage and it did not work . I have a bad back so I put this item in my car and attached a small heat pad . Now I have a happy back when I drive .
 How often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the century . Nobody is moving and you can tell it 's going to be a while . It would make sense to brush up on those reports or your presentation while you 're stuck , but who wants to eat up the battery on their laptop right before a presentation ? This inverter allows you to plug in your laptop into your car - just like a wall outlet - no worries , work off your car 's alternator instead of your battery and catch all your typos before you get to your appointment !
 I had one of these for several years . I used it on several long trips . I 've powered both a Lenovo laptop and a DVD player at the same time . I used it every day to power cell phone charger and a CD player . -LRB- Car CD player died , so bought a cheap one that used AC power -RRB- . The DC outlet never worked well , and I gave up on it . It was much quieter than other power inverters I 've used . It finally died recently , and I needed one quickly , so bought a different model I could get in a brick and mortar . I liked this enough that I may buy it as a spare .
 This item is a wonderful item to have when you are traveling . You can keep your computer on until you get to where you are going . My husband left the old one at our hotel and of course it was lost . This is a great item that all workers who travel should have .
 This is a good solution that provides options for powering different devices from the car adapter . Use caution ; check amp requirements of the device you 're trying to power and do not overload the inverter .
 My family uses this on those long car rides , and because we have a lot of portable electronics -LRB- DVD player , iPods , Mobile phones , and more -RRB- it really provides a flexible solution for keeping us in power.My only complaint is that the unit could be a little bit smaller . Otherwise , it does what it says .
 I use this almost every time I 'm in the car . It has a fan in it that makes a whirring noise but its no big deal . If you are drawing a lot of power it has a high pitched tone -LRB- which usually will stop if you turn on the car ... i.e. there 's more power generated -RRB- . It works great and keeps my laptop always charged . The part that plugs into the lighter has the cord on it so you can put it in tight spots unlike some other products . I 've had 2 of them now and the reason I only gave it 4 stars is because they do tend to break after a year or so . I just keep replacing them ... definitely worth it .
 I first bought the 100W slim line inverter that Targus makes -LRB- APV10US -RRB- and the fan in that unit was so outrageously loud , i returned it.So i returned it for the cheaper , larger 90W unit and was delighted to find that it was completely silent and had NO FAN !!!! the power is fine for DVD players , my IBM thinkpad laptop , etc. -LRB- just not at the same time -RRB- .
 I like this converter . I can plug my Laptop into it while in the car , and be productive all day long . I do n't have to worry about my laptop battery dying or having to wait for my PC to boot when I need info .
 The gloves fit great . My only complaint is that my finger nails which I just cut back to nothing get stuck on the seam inside the fingers . I had a friend try them on as well and he had the same problem . Other than that which I think I can get used to I love them . The titanium plates make it look very agressive . I ride in Texas and my hand has not sweat yet in our 90 degree weather .
 They have lasted about 4 years . They are extremely comfortable and IMO one of the most important items you could wear when you are riding ! I have recommended these to everyone I know !
 Have an early 2011 Sonata . As one magazine reviewer said , it seems Hyundai took the horn off every scooter in Korea & put them on the Sonata . Based on other reviews of this horn , I chose it . Arrived fast & with all the parts -LRB- a real bonus these days -RRB- . The name Freeway Blaster had my wife worried it might sound like an 18 wheeler . But it just sounds like a decent normal horn . In fact , I 'd have given it 5 stars if it had been a bit louder . But it 's MUCH better than the horn that came on the Sonata .
 Just what I needed to make our GEM electric car NOT sound like an electric car . Single tone is quite loud . Well made and all mounting hardware is included . It was about the same price as I would have paid for a used horn in a salvage yard . The best part for me is that it is made in the USA .
 Installed this -LRB- 72102 -RRB- & it 's low note twin -LRB- 72112 -RRB- on my one Fiamm low note factory horn Chevy Colorado . AAAAHHHH ... . Real nice !! Three horns are better than one . Did the new two via a relay , spliced into the factory horn wire , in the loom on the side of the radiator . Got the whole shebang @ Amazon .
 I ordered this horn for my 2008 Harley Road King Classic . It got here in two days as promised . -LRB- free shipping with Amazon Prime -RRB- . It took me all of 10 minutes to install it and it sounds great ! I 'm guessing it 's about 30 % louder than the stock horn.Love it ! If you need one get it .
 Got this one along with the 72102 High Tone , but it was defective as I noticed the actual loudness was n't as high as the high tone . Got a replacement from Amazon , which handled it in an excellent manner . Now I have a horn sound that will actually sound good and get some respect . Both of these together are like a horn on a mid-size to full-size sedan . They wo n't bust your ear drums -LRB- unless you put your ear next to them -RRB- but they are good and loud , and are what a horn should be . Very happy with them . I actually honk them just to hear them ... when no cars are around . But I 'll use them when I need to , which is often where I live .
 To the point
 Got this horn and its borther to replace the non-working ones on my f150 and they are very good . Easily installed them myself and they ssound very good and for the price its an awesome deal .
 I put this horn on a Honda 72 CL350 and it works great . Much better than the wimpy oem meep and it sounds like car now . Install was easy , it comes with instructions and a couple flat plugs for attaching the horn to existing wires . I 'd kinda like to try this in tandem with the high range horn for the full effect , but it does n't seem necessary at all . Overall a nice , cheap and easy upgrade !
 I bought this as a replacement for the horn on my silverado because I damaged the stock one going through very high water . Install was n't too bad except for the stock horn location was almost impossible to maneuver through . Wiring was very simply and the supplied bracket was adequate . The horn works but leaves a lot more to be desired . I was expecting something a little louder .
 Someone on priuschat recommended this as a replacement horn for the Prius ' very tinny , small horn . This horn sounds like a full size sedan which is a HUGE improvement . Installation was pretty easy . I used the bracket already in the Prius . The total installation took maybe an hour to do both the the high and low note horn , and I did n't have to remove the front bumper . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was I was hoping the horn would have an even louder large truck sound , but all in all a great buy and big improvement .
 I bought this horn to replace my 97 Mitsubishi Mirage stock horn and I am impressed with how much better this is than my horn . I found that this horn has the same tone and volume as a 2002 Nissan Frontier . It is not super loud but it is better than the high pitched horn most small cars have so I would recommend it .
 I have had one of these on almost every vehicle I have owned , great value and sounds good.Much better than the econobox japanese horn . This will be noticed !
 This horn , when paired with high note 72102 , is a good solid horn set . The packaging says &#34; big rig sound &#34; and 132 dB . Neither is true and should not be expected . If a measurment of 132dB was taken , it must have been taken from inside the horn . At normal distances , it is a normal sounding , maybe slightly louder than factory , solid horn set . The factory horns on my 01 camaro were also FIAMM . Hopefully these last longer .
 Horn works great , easy to install and have not had any problems with it so far . Definitely better than the &#34; meep meep &#34; that was in the car before
 I bought because I rarely need a horn but need one . This does it , deeper than I llike but works fine . used about 10 times -LRB- mainly just to test it out -RRB- and it still works .
 My Toyota Highlander has 2 horns and they were so tinny sounding it was embarrassing to honk the horn so I replaced one with the Fiamm Horn and I like it so much I ordered a second one .
 Added this to the factory horn on a 2011 Mazdaspeed 3 . Worked well and the hardest part was getting to the factory horn . Had to wire in parallel to get both to work , which was n't really explained in the manual , but makes sense , just makes the wiring a little more difficult . Get yourself some spade connectors , 18 ga wire , and some adhesive lined shrink wrap if you 're going to do it this way .
 Length :
 I initially bought the Stebel Nautilus Compact Air Horn for my motorcyle and wired it with a relay so that my existing horn would still be able to sound with the the air horn . I was terribly disappointed with the volume of the Stebel . Maybe it was a defective unit but I purchased the high and low volume Freeway Blasters from Fiamm and used the same relay setup . I could not be more pleased with the sound and volume of the Fiamms . The first time I let my son hear my new horns he jumped back at least a foot and I thought he was going to fall down . He was aware I was going to blow my motorcycle horn , he was just not aware of how loud it was going to be . It is much easier to install than the Stebel and there are more mounting options . The Stebel has to be mounted within 15 degrees of vertical or it will not work very long . The Fiamms are more forgiving .
 Length :
 This is a great replacement for the stock horn on a motorcycle . It is noticeably more loud and is an easy install too . It requires no relay unless you add both the low and high tone . I have heard both low and high and if you choose one , I would go with the low tone . Amazon was the best place to buy with the free shipping .
 I bought both the high and low version of these horns for my motorcycle . They went on with no problems at all , however they did not work initially - the factory horn wiring on my bike was not capable of providing the current required to operate the horns . I had to install a relay and run a higher capacity wire directly to the battery . Once I did that , they worked great , and are SUPER LOUD .
 I purchased the FIAMM 721112 Freeway Blaster Horn to use on my motorcycle - a 2002 Truimph Sprint ST. My stock horn was feeble . This horn was a ` bolt on ' installation - no cutting or wiring changes or electircal suplimentation was required . The horn is substantially louder but particularly more authoritative in tone than the stock horn - important on a motorcycle - let them think you are a car .
 Bought both high and low tones for my Honda Civic si . They work great , I am no longer embarrassed to honk my horn at bad drivers . They are also about twice as loud as the stock civic horns , which are horrible . Great product , easy install once I figured out how to get to the stock horns . Would buy again .
 I bought a 2011 Hyundai Sonata in August . Great car , but the horn was totally ridiculous . People would literally burst out laughing when they heard it -LRB- think cheap Chinese moped horn -RRB- - it was quite embarassing . After doing some reseach online , I figured out how to drop the bumper -LRB- takes about 15 min for this -RRB- and replace the horn -LRB- about another 15 min , going slow -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- Some people use both the high and low tone horns together , but just the low tone is plenty loud for me , and a huge upgrade over my stock horn . It kind of sounds like a stock American car horn . You just have to cut the stock connector off , attach 2 wires and make sure to keep the connections waterproofed . Product quality is very good , including bracket .
 Installed both high & low note horns using a relay to provide power . Got the effect wanted , Attention !
 I installed the high tone -LRB- 72012 -RRB- and low tone -LRB- 72112 -RRB- on my 2004 Honda VFR motorcycle . A HUGE improvement over the factory horn . I 'm very pleased with the combination of the horns.HOWEVER , for motorcycle applications , you need to install a relay circuit . If you just change the factory horn and install one or two Freeway Blasters , you will be disappointed ; and possibly even burn out the existing horn wires.You need to install an automotive relay , or a `` horn kit '' which has the relay and wiring all included in one wire harness . Note the Fiamm ` El Grande ' kit includes a high tone horn , a low tone horn , and a relay for about the same price as 2 horns.One more caution - many traffic conditions could cause a car-driver to look for a car when they hear this horn . That is , they hear a ` car ' horn , and look at the nearest car -LRB- possibly in the opposite direction -RRB- instead of you on your bike .
 this is definitely not 130 DB , it really is tuned well and sounds sweet but not close to being a freeway blaster , i would say its about the same volume as the two HS horns that i took out , i replaced them thinking they were shot but it turned out to be the relay was bad , but i must reiterate , they sound clean and well tuned . but i am giving it 4 stars for not being loud
 I purchased the FIAMM Freeway Blaster to add to the stock horn on my Mazda 3 . If anyone drives a Mazda 3 then you should know the stock horn is pretty weak . The install took about 30 minutes , mostly because it was hard fitting my hands in such a small space . If you have small hands it will only take about ten minutes if that , and it does help if you have removed the stock air box and have a SRI or a CAI installed . If you are planning on having both the stock and this horn on you will need to make a wire harness that will connect both horns to the car . If you have fog lamps you will have a slightly harder time getting it in only do to the space issue . Comment and ask if you need help with the install!The FIAMM horn is a match to the stock horn but this one is a low-tone rather than the high-tone that is on the car . Having both creates a dissonance in sound and is much louder and noticeable than having one or the other on . Also , it is n't so loud that people are going to flip out or create a bad situation . I highly recommend this product for anyone looking to upgrade your stock horn or just replacing it .
 Have you heard the Mazda 3 horn ? It wounds like the wussiest horn you 've ever heard . Add this horn in addition to your stock horn and you will no longer be the laughing stock of other motorists when you honk at them ! If you by any chance drive a 2010 and up Mazda 3 , search google for `` mazda 3 horn upgrade '' and you will find a link to novustechnic that has a terrific step by step installation guide.I * highly * recommend this upgrade -LRB- it 's a great safety upgrade as well -RRB- .
 I put this in my 2002 Sunfire . The only thing that was n't great was that the horn is not designed to take the connector on the car . You have to cut the connector off and install generic connectors on each wire . Never-the-less , it was pretty easy to install and works great ; sounds great .
 Plug and play installation for a 2008 Corolla CE . Much better than the puny factory horn . Sounds like a mid or fullsize sedan horn .
 I bought this horn along with the high note horn to use on my 2005 Honda Civic . The factory horn was quite weak and I was always ashamed of it . These 2 horns made all the difference . Together they have nice hi-lo tone and are plenty loud , sounding like a car horn should . The installation was not too bad , just pop out 8 or 10 plastic fasteners and 4 screws to remove the whole front fascia . Then some minor wiring work is needed , I used the pink 3M type wire splicers and some 16 gauge wire . It took me about 2 hours . I feel these horns were a good buy and the install work was worth it .
 This horn is a huge improvement , over the stock horn that came with my Mazdaspeed 3 . It was easy to install and sounds like a horn should . This Fiamm Freeway Blaster horn is a required upgrade from the wimpy OEM unit . I 'm very pleased !!
 I bought these from a recommendation off of Prius Chat . These were a direct replacement for the stock horns when used in combination with FIAMM 72102 , High Tone Horn . The fit was a direct replacement , no splicing of wires needed . I used the existing Toyota plug for the -LRB- + -RRB- and grounded the horn to itself.These horns sound excellent when used in combination with each other . The sound is very close to a premium horn on most mid-size cars , loud and blaring to get people 's attention.Recommendation
 As I am sure you are all aware motorcycle horns go ` beep.beep '' even on my 14.000 $ bike ... seems wrong ... I have finally concluded that you have about 3 choices ... the original horn on your bike ... this one that I bought -LRB- which was somewhat a mistake , thought I ordered a different one -RRB- any ways it was small enough to fit in the limited space ... and it kinda sounds like a regular car horn ... kinda made me jump at first , but I think it was because I was used to `` beep beep '' and then you have a horn or maybe two that can take the paint off a vehicle within 10 feet ... so this choice for myself was a good compromise and am really pleased with ease of installation and the warning it gives ... people WILL hear you.Bill
 Purchased this along with the high note . Loud ! Upgraded from the weak `` meeeeep '' Japanese horn and really glad I did . Sounds a whole lot better . have n't had the chance to blow someone who cut me off , but there 's still time ! :--RRB- Excellent buy !
 Length :
 Easy to install and splice in wiring to replace the original meep meep . Is loud as advertised .
 Easy to install , it ` s small so it fits in the tiny space between fairing and direction fork.Tone could be lower and a bit louder , but definetively I feel more secure while driving in traffic .
 I INSTALLED THIS ON MY 1996 HONDA MAGNA VF750C BY RUNNING PARALLEL WITH THE EXISTING OEM HORN . NOW I HAVE TWO HORNS TO BLAST AWAY AT OTHER DRIVERS ... LOL ... LOL ...
 First of all thanks for getting the package here in a very reasonable amount of time . These horns are plenty loud ! I installed these on my power wheelchair and have already broke them in real good withing a week . I got two of these and they are much louder than puny horns on cars today . Everyone has said '' those are some loud horns '' or '' that sounds like a big rig '' I plan to purchase two more of these to mount on the rear of the chair as soon as I get some spare change . Great satisfaction with product and seller .
 The Fiamm Freeway Blaster Horn is exactly what I was looking for . I purchased two for a reasonable price and they installed easily . My 98 Toyota 4Runner no longer has a weak horn . I do n't use the horn often , but when I need it , I want to be heard ! I would recommend this product .
 I purchased this to replace the stock horn on my 2008 HD Road King classic . To me it had the same sound and volume as my stock horn . I had to use a dremel to cut off a little bit of the bell of the horn to get it to line up underneath my horn cover to get the electrical connections to line up so they would not come in contact with my horn housing . I am happy with it and hope it lasts longer than the OEM one . So far I would buy again .
 Installed this on my 2000 Suzuki Katana . Had to modify the existing wiring harness slightly by cutting the two leads apart , but it 's very easy and well worth it . I just used a pair of diagnoal pliers to snip the piece of plastic that held them together . Do n't worry , it will still work with the old horn if you decide to go back to it.The factory horn was puny and I do n't think other motorists even heard it . The freeway blasters gets other motorists attention very quickly!I used the stock wiring harness and did n't bother hooking up a relay and am still 100 % satisfied with it
 Item worked as indicated . Installation instructions were not very good but I figured out the install . You absolutely need to purchase a relay for this product in order for it to work correctly and it makes it louder . I installed it -LRB- both Low and High note horns -RRB- on a Yamaha motorcycle , which had two stock horns . It is not an air horn , sounds more like a Buick Station Wagon than a Honda Accord . I would recommend this product but for a louder horn I would look for an Air Horn instead
 Bought this one along with the FIAMM 72102 -LRB- it is also the ` freeway blaster model although Amazon 's pictures do n't make that clear -RRB- to replace the dual horns -LRB- one high , one low -RRB- on my 2002 Ford Ranger . Both Amazon and Ford says they are not compatible with my vehicle , but since they are standard 12V horns , modifying the connectors to work with my truck was n't too difficult . The truck uses round snap-in connectors and these have the spade terminals . All you have to do is cut the plastic from the round plug surrounds on the wire harness , and they then slip right over the posts nice and tight . Plenty loud , and better than factory . I 'm very pleased .
 Used this FIAMM horn in conjunction with a high-tone FIAMM horn on a 2012 Prius to gain a little more horn honking prominence . Sounds really nice when a low-tone and a high-tone are used together .
 I have a Triumph America . It had a horrible , weak horn that did not instill any confidence . It also was embarrassing to honk.The FIAMM horn was installed in minutes - and I am not mechanically inclined . The sound is much better and more noticeable than the original horn
 replacing my beep/beep motorcycle horn with a fiamm blaster should have been done way back when , all i had to do is bend the bracket by hand so it would conform to its enviroment and face downward.even tho i ever rarely use a horn , this one is an attraction getter when needed . its loud and clearly sounds off .
 Very Easy to install and is louder than stock . . Instructions are easy to follow.Feel comfortable in your purchase.Will buy more if ever needed again . Deal horn for 2002 Camry horn over $ 100 .
 Our Mazda 3 came with the wimpiest sounding horn imaginable . It was embarrassing when having to honk at someone and I was concerned the horn would n't be heard in an emergency . Although installation of this second horn was difficult -LRB- due to the limited space and difficult access on our car-not due to the horn itself -RRB- , I was able to get it working within a couple hours . It comes with everything necessary for installation except additional wire and heat shrink tubing . I had to bend the included offset bracket a bit so the two horns fit in the small cavity provided on the Mazda , but no major rework was required.Now our horn sounds like a horn on a high-end German car ! Very happy with the combination of tones between this horn and our existing horn and no problems with powering both horns .
 This horn is easy to install and worked great on my ATV to make it road legal . The price is reasonable and it is easy to wire up . I went through a relay when I wired mine . The horn is plenty loud and can be mounted in pairs with no problem .
 Put this horn on my 1983 Harley FLHTC -LRB- SHOVELHEAD -RRB- ... Would normally fit directly in the horn cover FOR LATER BIKES ... MAYBE 1985 ON ? ... BUT I have an older model , and one of those quirky years to boot , oil bath enclosed chain , rubber mounted/5 speed , weird exhaust ... and it would not take the cover ... Fortunately the simple black horn fit the mounting perfect and looks just fine just plain and black.After all ... `` CHROME DO N'T GET YOU HOME ! `` Horn has the LOW tone like the original HD oem horn.I like it . Works great.Sounds cool , like a horn should ... No BEEP-BEEP roadrunner sound here .
 Just as described - loud . Will get others attention . Money will spent on replacing OEM horn . If your factory auto . horn is just not loud enough , then this needs to be your replacement horn .
 Replaced one of the wimpy OEM horns in my 2007 Hyundai Entourage in about 10 min.Only scary part was clipping off the connector on the original equipment wiring harness , but clamping on the clips that fit this horn was easy .
 I needed a replacement for my horn on my 2007 Harley Electra Glide Ultra Classic . The factory horn had stopped working several times over the year and had to be cleaned out and had to have silicon sprayed in it after every trip in the rain . The factory replacement was $ 45 . This horn was $ 10 . This horn fit fine under the stock cover , installed in about 3 minutes , and is every bit as loud as the stock horn ever was . The wiring ends went on the same as the stock horn , but were on the top side instead of the bottom side , but there was no problems with installing it . Time will tell if the horn holds up , but I think for $ 35 less than the junk factory one , I will take my chances .
 I bought this horn to replace the wimpy horn on my Honda 250 Rebel motorcycle . It was super simple to just pull of the wire clip and slip on the new freeway blaster . No additional wiring or relays or anything needed . It all is in the package . The bracket was the same as the Honda , so it took about 3 minutes to screw it on and try it out , and it is LOUD ! I 'll feel much safer when that distracted driver starts pulling out from a corner in front of me . I would recommend this simple inexpensive upgrade to any motorcycle .
 These things are awesome . I bought two along with some relays and relay sockets so I could get them enough power directly from the battery to do serious audible damage . Make sure to buy this one with its mate , the 72102 high tone . After wiring in the relays , these went in my 2000 Civic perfectly . They replaced the crappy horn in there , and I used the wiring to tie into the relay signal hot wire . Then , I grounded the relay to the body by tying it into the ground wire from one of the horns . The horns come with these little wire slide connectors that you can clamp onto your wires . I used wire nuts to tie all the wires together - I suggest you do the same . I was able to mount them facing away from eachother with grounding connectors in between the mounts using a single bolt that held the old Honda horn . This was ideal , and very clean - no drilling required!I suggest finding yourself a 12V DC 4-pin or 5-pin 40 Amp SPST ISO Micro Relay for this project . Also , it really helps to have a 5-Pin Wire Harness Relay Socket . This will give you all the wires you need directly from the relay . These are really cheap items , and you should n't have trouble finding them . The 4-pin relays work fine with the 5-pin sockets . Then , educate yourself on how relays work , and wire that bad boy up ! I got my relay and relay socket on ebay.Overall , I 'm very pleased with this product . Buy it now if you want to be heard on the highway .
 This was a good improvement over the anemic horn on my Toyota Corolla but it 's not like it doubled the horn power . The marketing is a bit over-hyped but this will let your little import car noticed a bit more when you 're commuting .
 this is an excelent replacement horn for Harley D late models , fit nicley under the horn cover on my 2008 FLHT without modification , . simple change when the stock unit went bad ...
 Used this to replace the horn on my s10 , after I pulled the oem horn out I was skeptical about the freeway blaster . By size alone you wouldnt expect the blaster to perform the way it does . exceeds expectations and increases safety ... theres nothing worse than trying to warn somebody and them not being able to hear you ... warn away people warn away .
 As most motorcycle riders would agree , it is not at all unusual to be cut off by cars and larger vehicles . Furthermore it is frustrating when you realize that the person in the car most likely will not respond to your meek and mild motorcycle horn . This is a serious safety issue , and I knew I needed to correct this . I have worked with FIAMM Horns on boats , and I was already familiar with their quality.I bought both the High Tone & Low Tone horns as they were certainly inexpensive enough . Also purchased a weatherproof fuse holder , the Tyco SPDT 30 amp relay , and relay socket with wire leads , all conveniently available on Amazon . Installation was on a Yamaha V-Star 250 -LRB- formerly Virago -RRB- motorcycle . The stock horn on the Yamaha was feeble , and I wanted something more respectable sounding . Unfortunately , I found that space was rather limited , and I would not be able to install both horns easily . After listening to and comparing both the high and low note horns , I decided to work with the higher pitch after my wife pointed out the fact that `` it sounded more like a motorcycle '' , but much louder than the stock horn . I felt that this was important because the main objective here was to bring attention to a motorcycle , and not sound like a car or truck , which could cause confusion to other drivers at a critical time . This is especially true if there are several cars and a motorcycle all converging on an intersection . Bottom line is that even a single FIAMM Freeway Blaster is effective , and I believe this addition will improve recognition by other drivers , and make biking a little safer .
 Ordered this to replace the weak stock horn on my 2010 HD Iron . Was able to use the stock brackets , so install was 15min . Sounds great !! Good pitch and as loud as a good car horn . A great replacement for the moped sounding horns they put on Motorcycles these days !
 I like this horn , nice and loud . I feel safer with it on my bike , and the price is right !
 I added this little jewel to my under-sounded Mazda3 Hatchback . What a difference it makes . I coupled it with the original ` high note ' -LRB- beep beep -RRB- horn already on the car . Now the horn sounds like a full sized Chevy.One note on installation . Do yourself a favor and remove the under pinning splash plastic and give your hands and arms room to work .
 Sure is very loud . Original replacement equipment . Easy connect to existing wiring and bracket . Combine both a Low Tone and a High Tone forfactory sounding horns . Very Loud .
 This was a direct connect to my 2005 yamaha vstar 1100 classic . It will also fit a custom with ease . This horn is deeper and louder than stock .
 Wanted a louder horn on my 2011 Prius ... got it!Easy plug and play install . Had to bend the stock bracket because this horn is a lot thicker than the stock one .
 After ruining my other horn by getting caught in a rainstorm , this new freeway blaster horn adds a nice touch to my great Harley !! Great product !!
 Very good and loud , I replaced my original horn on my Yamaha V-Star 650 Classic with this horn , used same bracket and just plugged it into factory horn wires.Now it sounds more like a truck instead of a VW bug.People notice this horn!Great price too .
 I bought this horn to replace the stock horn on my '05 Suzuki Katana . Much louder than the stock horn and very easy to install .
 Replaced my V-Star 650 stock horn with this one , and yep now other drivers HEAR MY HORN BLARE !!! I get a kick using it on drivers who do n't pay attention on the road ! LMAO!Very , very , easy to change ! Remove bracket screw , unplug the stock horn 's two connections , and connect Freeway Blaster 's two connections , re-attach bracket screw ! VIOLA!Definitely recommend anyone looking to upgrade to a louder bike horn ! Especially to do away with that whimpy `` bmeep bmeep '' stock horn !
 Some strange reason my horn blew out on my car , took it to get it repaired they wanted $ 200 to do it . Knew where the horn was and that they are really cheap so decided to go with this one off amazon . After I replaced the horn my car sounds fine , still unsure why it blew in the first place but either way it is working now and has been for a few months now .
 Bought this horn to replace the meep-meep OEM horn in our 2003 Corolla . Took about 10 minutes , and it is definitely louder than the stock horn . I did not bother getting the matching FIAMM high note horn because I thought this would be enough . Yes , this FIAMM low note horn by itself is loud enough to be heard by other drivers .
 I installed the High and Low note horns and I 'm so glad to get rid of my meep meep horn and graduated to a big boy horn ... I can not be happier !
 I wanted to make my ATV `` street legal '' in Utah . Which means it needed turn signals , license plate light , and a horn - none of which my atv came with from the factory . My friends bought a `` street legal '' kit for nearly $ 200 for their atv . The horn that came with their kit is not loud or commanding sounding . I wanted something more . So I bought this horn . I just installed it and it is loud . I can hear it down the block from my house with my atv running . It seems well enough built , but time will tell . If it lasts a couple of years , it will be worth the $ 10.00 I paid for it .
 fiam low tone horn arrived in 13 days to australiawell packaged to my door for $ 17 incl shipping . . installed it in 15 mins , using one spanner andplyers to bend stock bracket a bit . . only adjustments being slight rerouting of wireto horn -LSB- no panels removed -RSB- together with bendinghorns male connections upwards to wires . . horn is louder than stock horn , sounds strongernice deeper tone . . louder but not offensive . . didnt need wiring harness , relays etc , simply removed the original ` beep beep ` horn , bent original bracket , still attached , installed and replugged new horn , usingoriginal horns spring washer to secure . . especially for the price -LSB- $ 17 all up -RSB- this replacement horn satisfies all myrequirements as a replacement hornon my new cbr250r motorcycle : -RRB-
 Decent horn , sounds more like an American mid-size car . It was easy to install and is a great replacement for the weak sauce horn that was stock with the 2005 Prius .
 I bought this as it came recommended as a good replacement for the stock horn on the 2009 Ninja 250 . It 's non-polarized , just like the stock horn , so that 's good.Problem # 1
 Horn is very loud , sounds like a ford car horn . Very easy to connect . Unplug old horn and plug in new one . No relay needed with one horn . Best cheap investment for my cycle .
 Good quality horn , made in USA . Very easy to install with ability to handle both blade type connectors and round plug type connectors -LRB- which my Mitsubishi pickup has -RRB- , so that was convenient . No need to rewire anything.Though the new horn is strong and clear , and is certainly better than the Road Runner cartoon `` meep meep '' of my factory horn , it is no louder than any ordinary car horn . Perhaps using both the hi and lo notes would help -LRB- I bought only the lo note -RRB- , but neither the packaging nor the amazon description state that two horns are required to achieve the `` freeway blaster '' sound level I was hoping for . I 'll keep it , but 4 stars for the ordinary volume level .
 We bought this to replace the stock horn on my husband 's Pontiac . Our stock horn was not much louder than the beep from our kids Cozy Coupes . This horn is a vast improvement , but it states it has `` big rig sound . '' Yeah , not so much . My husband is a truck driver and this horn is definitely not anywhere near the range of the `` big rigs '' he drives . For the price , this is a good deal . It was easily to install , only took a few minutes .
 The O.E. horn on my '87 Super Magna was pathetic when it chose to work . I Ordered the FIAMM , it arrived in 3 days , installed it in about 20 minutes and I could n't be more pleased . If you are getting the high & low tone horns you need to get the relay and in-line fuse . If you 're just getting one horn , it 'll bolt right on and use the existing wiring . The FIAMM is not ear-splitting , but it 's definitely loud enough to get a cager 's atention . Considering performance , ease of install , and a killer price , you really ca n't go wrong with this product . Highly , highly recommend .
 Bought this with the high tone model -LRB- # 72102 -RRB- as well to upgrade my dinky stock horn . You need to make sure you have additional mounting screw bolts and be able to splice the power wire . Works great for me !
 Could n't stand the meep-meep horn on my Honda Shadow -- no to mention how no-one noticed it on the road !! This FIAMM horn installed in less than 10 minutes and sounds like a truck . Already put to good use . Get one . No relay needed for single horn . Note
 The Fiamm 72112 was purchased for my motorcycle Yamaha 950 and it took 5 minutes to install and the sound was what I was looking for , much louder than the oem horn , I was going to add the high tone also but would have had to add a relay the one low tone does a great job .
 Friend told me about this horn to replace the puny factory unit . I blow it all the time after starting out . If loud , I know the battery and charging system is ok ... Easy to install too . Fits just about all bikes , I think .
 Put this horn on my 2011 Harley Limited . It is a good loud horn but not much louder than the stock horn that came on the bike . The horns on the newer Harleys seem to be louder than the ones on the older Harleys . It mounts exactly like the stock horn so simple to install .
 I replaced both horns on my gmc Sierra with these . Although they did not come with a wire adapter for plug-and-play convenience , I was able to install them after a few snipped wires
 These horns are definitely better than the originals on my motorcyle and cars , and easy to plug 'n play . I have been spoiled by Stebel horns -LRB- to which there is no comparison -RRB- but these work just fine .
 I got this horn to replace my factory motorcycle horn on the right side . It is much louder than stock and you just have to get a relay , inline fuse and extra wire . I had to bend my own bracket to make it fit also , -LRB- not a problem -RRB- . Install is very simple , you just follow instructions and you are set.I will also be getting an air horn soon , -LRB- Stebel Nautilus -RRB- to put on the left side for that extra Blast !!! With both the Fiamm and Stebel you will know I am there in an instant ...
 The Freeway Blaster is an awesome replacement for any wimpy horn ! Easy installation and reliable FIAMM quality -LRB- they have produced thousands of horns for vehicle manufacturers over the years -RRB- . I picked this up to replace a malfunctioning horn on a Kawasaki sportbike . I 've tried other horns in the past with mixed results . The stock horn was downright embarrassing to use . Or , at least it would have been if it were loud enough for anyone other than my passenger to hear it ! The Freeway Blaster was a night and day difference . It was also easy to install , using basically the same wires/mounts as the stock horn.The &#34; Freeway Blaster &#34; is available in two complementary frequencies -LRB- high tone and low tone -RRB- . If you only have room for one horn on your vehicle , this is the one to get -LRB- low tone -RRB- . But , if you can fit two horns , be sure to buy both for maximum honk!Good value and a great price from Amazon !
 I Purchased FIAMM 72102 12 & FIAMM 72102 Horns for my 1966 MGB and delivery was GREAT -LRB- 1 day Amazon Prime -RRB- Installation was less then 10 Min . and sound of horns was GREAT while not sounding like a teenagers car . I really think that the British had these Horns in mind 47 years ago when they built this car.There is something about being on the express way between -LRB- 2 -RRB- 40 ft semi 's in a very small car , with a horn that you can not hear over the cars engine that makes you a bit concerned.These HORNS solved that problem.GREAT DELIVERY , GREAT PRODUCT AND A GREAT PRICE . I 'M IMPRESSED .
 I have purchased several of these for installation on motorcycles using relays . I have no doubt they have saved me from injury in several circumstances on the road , where this horn was audible to a car driver when I know my stock motorcycle horn would not have been . With that you 'd think it deserves 5 stars . The problem I have run into , is that there is no CONSISTENCY to the direction that the projection horn is mounted relative to the electrical connector tabs at the factory . This makes repeating the exact same installation on the same type of motorcycle a hit or miss proposition . And if you ever have to replace one of these horns in a tight installation , it is hit or miss that you will get the exact same configuration of projection horn to connector tabs and be able to replace the horn easily . So with that , buyer beware
 I went through 3 of Wolo 's very expensive counterparts . The much cheaper FIAMM Freeway Blaster is also much louder . The wolo 's lasted 1 to 3 months between all 3 . No problem with FIAMM . Cheaper is better !
 Bought this as a replacement for the stock horn on my Honda CBR250R -LRB- typical motorcycle `` neep neep '' was not doing it for me -RRB- , for $ 10 this drop in replacement provides a not so much `` louder '' but certainly `` deeper '' tone more comparable with car horns , and certainly more authoritative than the stock horn.Installation was a snap , as it used the existing mounting hardware and connectors and was up and running inside of ten minutes.I hardly use my horn , but when I do I 'm confident I 'll be heard now.There are other options for upgrading the horn on your bike , but most involve the installation of a relay and wiring directly to the battery to prevent overloading the existing horn circuit . Installing the FIAMM Freeway Blaster horn provides a quick , easy and cheap alternative to stock without becoming complicated .
 These horns sound much better than the ones that were on my car , I could n't stand them and was embarrassed to use them . These are about as loud as the stock horns . Your car may have two horns like mine , if that 's the case make sure you buy a low and a high horn . The model numbers are FIAMM 72102 and FIAMM 72112 .
 I would highly recommend this product!I am one of MANY Mazda owners who feel that our stock horn is a hazard because it is so quiet . I have been almost run off of the road several times and it 's always swerving/braking that saves me -LRB- not the whisper-quiet `` meep meep '' . So I followed a forum and bought a couple feet of 16 guage wire and an extra male end . I spliced a Y shape with these small pieces I bought , so I could hook the stock horn and this FIAMM horn to the same wire coming from the wiring harness . Worked like a charm . It was easy to install but took me 10 minutes of uncomfortable twisting of my wrist/hand in weird directions . I drove the car up onto some ramps for extra space underneath but my hands were too big to comfortably install the horn.It does n't like a big rig horn by any means but it sure makes a difference when you need somebody to notice you on the road.Good product at a great price !
 Took the stock horn off my bike , it was totally useless . This one is by no means the loudest , but at least it sounds like a car if you have to use it.Plug and play , very easy install .
 FIAMM 72112 Freeway Blaster HornFIAMM 72012 12 V Low Note / One & Two Term / Universal BracketRead an item on the Prius Chat website about upgrading the stock Prius horns to something that gets your attention . I bought both the 72112 and the 72102 Fiamm horns -LRB- high and low tones -RRB- . I was surprised to find them almost the same size as the stock horns and it took a leisurely 15 minutes -LRB- including time to take pictures -RRB- to replace the stock horns with these . They even fit on the stock brackets.I am amazed at the difference in the sound , the stock Prius horns are pretty anemic . The Fiamms make my car sound like a BIG car . Good tone and volume .
 The horn works great , sounds much better than the mep , mep sound my original import horn made , although I was hoping for a louder lower tone . The installation was n't easy , there 's not much room under the hood for the horn because its larger than the original horn but I figured it out , I had to make a new holding bracket for it . Also the electrical hookup directions supplied were not that good , there are no directions on how to hookup the new horn when you have only one wire on the existing horn . You need to use the supplied relay because of the 15 amp requirement for this horn , and the directions do n't include a one horn wire hookup diagram for the relay , why I do n't know since most horns are a one wire hookup and they ca n't handle 15 amps using the original wiring , also you really should buy a in-line 15 amp fuse holder for the positive battery connection , this is not included with the horn , and after some messing around with the relay I figured out how to wire it up correctly . It took me much longer to put this horn in than it should have so be aware you need some technical knowledge to put this horn in correctly . I took off 1 star because of the incomplete Wiring diagrams .
 This is an awesome horn \ , tts loud and it sounds like a mini train horn . Great to get the attention of the traffic light cell phone oblivious types .
 This replaced the OEM horn on a 2009 Mazda 3 4-door and is quite loud -- much louder than OEM . As earlier reviews stated for the Mazda 3 , the horn is in a tight compartment where the original horn is mounted , but we extended the power wire using matching spade connectors and added a 4-inch extention bracket/strap to accomodate the larger size of the new horn , dropping the horn down in order to fit in the same compartment and making it easier to tighten bolts . We did not install using the included relay switch and instead used existing power wire and fabricated a ground wire from the negative spade connector on the horn to an eyelet connector for attaching to the mounting bolt , as the OEM horn was grounded thru its mounting bolt . I also took the advice of an earlier review and replaced the 15-amp fuze for the horn with a 20-amp fuze . No proplems since the install a month ago .
 Since my Honda Fit has a -LRB- wimpy -RRB- single-wire horn , I initially followed the `` just plug it in '' instructions , and blew the fuse on the horn circuit . Rather than fit a higher capacity fuse , I decided to run a 14 gauge fused wire directly from the positive battery terminal to the relay provided with the Wolo . The wiring directions were useless and incorrect . Switching to a Radio Shack relay that included a wiring diagram worked on the first try . I 'm very pleased with the sound of the horn . Air horns typically create a fairly high current draw , so it 's not surprising that the one-star reviewer reported problems ; he could have avoided his problems by using a relay . Note that both the relay and the horn require separate grounds .
 package came at 2:30 and up and running well before 3:30 . I have a 2006 ford ranger with two wire fitting . Needed to mount on an angle to get by trans cooler but no big deal . Snip factory wires , put on adapters for new plug to horn and ready to use.Check your fuse amps first . You should have 15 amps . Do n't just put a larger fuse in unless you like fried wires . `` READ THE DIRECTIONS !!!! `` Great high pitched loud sound to let some one know they have their head up their -- you get the idea .
 I love this horn , but I bought it from Warning Light Pro so I could have the warranty . Easily fit on my KLR 650 .
 My diminutive smart car had a really wimpy horn . It also did not have a lot of space , so this bad boy fit in . The first time I used it , I was demonstrating it to my wife and she jumped a foot . The real impact is when you need to get some idiot driver 's attention . It pays for itself the first time the errant driver goes through the roof . Although it took a while to install it in the smart , a car with a bit more room up front could be fitted in about 20 minutes . Great product !
 Product was OK ... not as loud as I would like it but OK ... of course I wanted to melt the paint of the car in front of me but that was probably unrealistic ... Amazon 's price was too high by $ 23.00 so look around .
 Put the chrome version on my Harley . Its loud and it looks good . Easy to install in the factory provided mount , just had to extend the wiring about 3 inches . Extremely happy with it !!
 I installed this in my Toyota Matrix and it 's worked wonders ever since . Now when people try to change lanes into me , they actualyl respond immediately when I 'd honk , instead of me having to slam on the breaks , risk getting rear-ended , and then getting flipped off by the idiot that caused the whole problem to begin with . Did I mention how awesome Maryland drivers are ? Install was relatively simple . I had to buy a different fuse for the fuse box , but the existing wiring seems to be a high enough gauge to support the BadBoy.I wish the low tone was a bit deeper , but the BadBoy is streets ahead of the stock Toyota horn that only serves to enrage other drivers with its pitiful `` meep ''
 Got this for my 2012 Hyundai Veloster . The Hyundai horn was weak and quiet . This &#34; Bad Boy &#34; is just that . I had to use the supplied relay with my car and even with that it was a pretty easy install . The instruction sheet was little hard to read due to small font size so I pulled up the website on my tablet , no biggie . If you 're looking to replace your car horn this would be the one to get .
 Great price as my old air horns failed and they were rather large , this horn is compact and is LOUD . Arrived fast , well packaged .
 Excellent horn , sounds better than it 's appear ... I recommend it ... Love it . . If you buy it , you you will not regret , I tell you
 This is a great horn , hands down . Makes a sound like a Mack truck , and is compact , and easy to install . Just read the instructions . All of the negative feedback thus far is from people who either have no understanding whatsoever of 12v automotive electrical systems , or did not read the simple installation instructions . It took me 20 minutes to install this horn , and I even had to run a new wire back to the place that I decided to mount the horn from the old horn 's location . This horn will pay for itself a thousand times over the first time it keeps that Chevy Suburban from running you off the road at night.It 's also good for scaring animals and small children , if you happen to be into that kind of thing .
 this horn is sweet ! The Mazda in which I installed it came with a stock horn that couldnt frighten a squirrell . Besides the small space I had to work with , installation was a piece of cake . One suggestion , make sure you have a 20-amp circuit . The first time I layed on the horn for a driver who pulled out in front of me I fried my 15 amp fuse .
 I have had this horn on my Triumph Bonneville America for about a year . It is extremely loud and attracts alot of attention . It was easy to install and has proved to be very reliable .
 I intsalled this on my 91 miata , I had to drill a new hole and add a ground wire , took about 30 min . to install , and now my car horn sounds like a Ferrari horn -LRB- now I just need the engine -RRB- .
 This horn is great . I installed it in less than 5 minutes and the only portions of the install that slowed me down was figuring out what to do with the end of the old wiring and mounting the horn because the transmission cooler is right below the mounting bracket on my truck . The horn is really loud and no one expects it to come from my ford ranger . First time I used it was to wake a guy up at a green light that was texting on his cell phone . He dropped the cell phone and almost wet himself . Great horn for both getting stupid drivers ' attention and just to play around with . I put pictures up of the horn mounted on my truck if you want to see it .
 This was simple and easy to install , you just have to read the instructions :-RRB- I installed this in a 2000 Xterra , and it had a one-wire OEM , so I had to run a -LRB- - -RRB- to the WOLO 419 horn as well . The sound difference was amazing . I do n't think anyone will have a problem hearing me now . ** The stock horn has a 7.5 amp fuse and this horn will draw between 10 and 15 amps , so I made sure my existing wiring could handle the increased amperage and bumped that fuse up to a 15amp **
 Installed this on my 2006 Civic EX Sedan to replace the pathetic -LRB- meep ... meep ! -RRB- sounding factory horn . The factory horn made me shrink in embarassment everytime I used it . Well , no more - this Bad Boy made the receiving end to shrink now ... lol . .
 Installed on a 2008 Miata . Tone like a European sedan - not as many db 's as a set of air trumpets , but much simpler and sufficient enough to get asttention . Installation can be effected on the same horn hanging bracket using the OEM power connector . It does require quite a bit of creative manual dexterity , the construction of a grounding wire , and the shortening of the mounting bolt supplied with the kit . All-in-all , a good proposition for the mechanically adept .
 Installed this in a new Chevy Van . The van only came with a single , 2 wire horn which made replacement simple . I went the route of splicing new female wire connectors into the factory wiring and preserving the factory horn connector . For those not up for this challenge , simply cut the factory connector off and crimp on weather resistant female wire connectors . I had high expectations for a loud truck-like sound . No question that it is loud ... far louder than the wimpy stock horn . It is not the deep , booming blast you get with multi trumpet air horns . Overall , I am quite pleased with this horn
 This horn definitely is louder than the stock horn on my motorcycle -LRB- Suzuki VZ800 Marauder -RRB- . It comes with a relay for wiring up using original horn button , which was nice , and not advertised . It fit in the same location as the stock horn . Installation was straightforward , follow the included wiring schematic . I hope it lasts ...
 Product was as described . Plenty loud and a cinch to install . Replaced my pathetic Corolla horn because errant drivers could n't hear it . This one is very effective .
 It arrived today and I installed it in around half-an-hour . My wife 's 2006 Toyota Highlander 's horn has a single positive lead , so , all I had to do was run an extension wire from the Toyota 's horn lead to the positive terminal on the Bad Boy and another from the negative lead on the Bad Boy to a convenient ground -LRB- simply an existing bolt nearby the mounting location of the BB horn.Before I installed it , I did a temporary hookup using test leads -LRB- wires with alligator clip on each end -RRB- to test it . Whoa , Nellie ! we were delighted with the enormous improvement over the dinky little buzzer Toyota put on this car . All I can say is , it is LOUD !!! Wait , I can also say something else
 Bought this to replace broken horn in my suburban . This thing is awesome . Easy to install and it 's loud . Liked it so much I bought one for a gift .
 Excellent product very easy to install , mounted the bad boy in my 08 Smart fortwo cabrio . Its a lot lower than the wimpy stock horn . highly recommend this product , you ca n't go wrong for the price .
 product sounds great , really wakes people up , the only con I have with this was the bolt , I had to custom another bolt to fit my truck , because I didnt want to drill into my truck frame .
 Hello , I mounted this on a Land Rover Discovery . The Bad Boy is fairly good and loud , however it was not louder than my factory horn , so I decided to keep both horns working together . As a combination the sound is much louder .
 Works great and it pretty dang loud . I mounted it on my Gator and use it to make the cows pay attention to me and move ! For the money I think it is a great horn .
 Great product !! Really enough for a bike and car . I have it on my bike , for safety reasons . Now all the cars & trucks that cut me off , or about too !! Hear my bad boy ! The old horn I had on the bike was too low for anyone to know I was there . Great buy for the money , glad I have it on the bike !!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Great Horn , very easy to hook up when folling directions , Took me less than 30 min . Looks nice on my 2006 Suzuki Boulavard C90T.At least twice as loud as the factory horn.I recommend this horn to anyone . Installed 08-30-2011
 SUPER SERVICE FROM AMAZON . SHIPPED FAST . PRODUCT IS GOOD , NOT GREAT . IT IS ABOUT TWICE AS LOUD AS THE FACTORY MOTORCYCLE HORN IT REPLACED , BUT 3 TIMES THE SIZE . TONE IS BETTER , BUT DOES NOT HAVE THAT BIG RIG SOUND I 'D LIKE .
 i must say it is the best thing for me really great air horn , had dealer put in my vw jettase 2012 the car came with real crappy horn , i now feal like a real car thank you for my bad boy
 The horn has a great `` air horn '' sound for a small unit . Install was easy , even kept the original hooked up as well . As other posts shared , remember to put in a higher amp fuse , I did replace the original 10 amp with a 30 amp fuse . It is not the loudest horn but a big improvent over the stock horn in my HHR . I would reccomend this horn , espicaly at the price it is offered at . I would purchase another one hands down .
 Purchased this horn a couple of days ago , installed it on my John Deere and it sounds great , very loud did have to use 15 amp fuse . 10amp blew , very happy with purchase . Love amazon.com
 Kick ass compare to the meep ! sound from the old horn in my SMART car . Removed the two wires from the old horn and attached the the two ports on thi9s and -LRB- wellah -RRB- !
 it 's louder than stock , easily `` twice '' as loud in my jeep.the tone is good , not like a blast of canned air but more bright than a stock horn . install was easy . worth what I paid for it , as long as they last . some of these pumps quit after a long rainy or snowy drive.M
 INSTALLED IN A 2003 FORD SPORT TRAC , FAST SHIPPING , EASY INSTALL -LRB- SOME SPLICING REQUIRED -RRB- , SOUNDS GREAT !! I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 I have a 2001 Nissan Frontier , so space was a little tight . I finally got it mounted in front of the AC condenser up high above a bracket that supports the grill assembly . I actually mounted it upside down , but the openings are pointed rear ward and it is right under the hood . I am gambling the water ca n't get to it there . Electrically , it could not have been simpler . The factory lug connector goes on the positive lug of the new horn . I ran a self-tapping screw into the metal nearby to secure another short wire from the ground lug . If you have a location to mount that offers a better ground , you may not need the ground wire , according to the directions . It is loud . Very loud . Much more noticeable than the factory horn .
 This horn is the up grade that I need for my 2011 KIA Souls little Beep , Beep horn that came with the vehicle . It took me awhile 3.5 hours total over 2 separate days to do a complete install of all of the components and wiring correctly . The horn was too big to fit in front of the radiator where the tiny stock horn is mounted . I had to find a safe location to mount the horn , run additional 16Ga . wire then fabricate a ridged mounting bracket for the new horn . The first day I hooked it up without the relay like the instructions said you can do and put a 20amp fuse in the fuse block where the stock horns 10amp fuse is located . The next day when I got home from work my hand was touching the rear of the steering wheel and it was warm to the touchh even though it was very cool in the car and outside . This concerned me greatly . So the next day I called WoLo and talked to a tech about what happened and he told me that I need to use the relay that came with the unit and wire it up following the 2 wire instructions for motorcycle install with a 20amp inline fuse in the circuit which I did and found that the problem went away and the horn was way ! way ! louder when it is hooked up this way and also you keep your vehicle horn electrical wiring out of the circuit . WoLo should have this as a warning and info in their instructions so customers do not damage their vehicles . You may can get away without using the relay on older vehicles but not the newer ones -LRB- 2007 & up -RRB- . I also put the 10amp fuse back in the fuse block as the tech instructed . Everything works great now .
 Good horn , louder than the stock ones on my wife 's Toyota Sequoia . I wired it up to work in conjunction with the two stock horns on the Toyota . Wired and installed very easily . As I said , it 's louder than the stock Toyota horns and sounds like what I would describe as a `` small diesel '' truck horn . Very compact too . I mounted it off of a passenger side radiator tab on the Sequoia and it fit perfectly .
 Installed on my Suzuki S40 . Followed the wiring and used the relay , as instructed . It 's not completely plug and play on a motorcycle . I did purchase some wire and some electrical connectors in an auto supply store . A nice project for half an afternoon . Used the mounting bracket from original horn . Will buy another for my scooter . It 's a good way to keep yourself noticed on a motorcycle.Follow-up . The horn has worked well for over a year . Checked the wiring and mounting from time to time to keep it tight and well connected .
 I commute about 60 miles of miserable traffic each day and I 'm so tired of the texting babes , the cell phone yackers , newspaper readers and other `` distracted '' drivers that ca n't stay focused on the road , stay in their own lane or notice that the traffic light changed from red to green about ten seconds ago.These little beauties have a nice high dual euro pitch and are loud enough to get just about anyone to wake up and fly right even if they have the stereo cranked up or that cute little blue tooth head set jammed in their ear . Super effective if the other car has a window open or is a convertible!Very simple to install , just make sure to add a ground wire to the horn if you have a single wire system as the horn frame is not part of the electrical circuit . Compact enough to fit under a tight hood and instant sound , no delay with the compressor.I drive defensively with one thumb on the horn and I just gave myself more of an edge with these . Worth the money !
 Love the horn . Might be overkill but since I have wiring for two horns and only used one side , there 's room for one more ...
 A bit cheesy looking , but worked on first shot . Loud enough to hear over straight pipes on my `` Rat ''
 Excellent product . I installed this on my Mazda Miata in less than an hour . Had to make a small ground wire to connect horn to frame , otherwise very easy installation . And the horn sounds GREAT ! Far superior to the ` meep meep ' stock horn . I highly recommend it , and price is a great value here on Amazon , about -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks less than out in town , including shipping .
 This is a great deal on a great air horn for your car or motorcycle . really gets the attention of other drivers when they cut you off in traffic . It was a smart addition to our motorcycles .
 Put one on my motorcycle and my car . People have changed lanes into me but when I hit this thing they jerk back over like I hit em with a rock . Loud pipes are annoying . Air horns are attention getters .
 The 2004 Toyota Highlander came with a pathetic horn that could n't be heard above the purr of a kitten . After a couple of near-death experiences it had to go . This Bad Boy turned out to be a good replacement . It 's two-tone sound hits both frequencies loudly and with gusto . Although not the horn of an eighteen wheeler it is still a great improvement over the factory crap . The directions were good even though the print was microscopic . The fit was fine but the removal of the Highlanders grill was not a cake walk . Of course that had nothing to do with the horn itself . Just hope this horn lasts because I never want to remove that grill again.Highly recommended .
 replaced my Steibel with this Wolo bad boy for half the price ' ; okr -LSB- oij AWE -LSB- OI HJw goui jh QG -RSB- P , wegfawr g ; ok wr = kw
 Great horn to install as a replacement for your small car or truck horn . if installing it on a motorcycle you have to install an inline fuse
 Good quality unit . Easy to install , if your mechanically/electrically savvy . It 's plenty loud and works great . Just be careful with your clearance if mounted above your front fender . Mine had to get tucked inside the front faring because of this . Definitely recommended over the wimpy , stock beeper that came on the bike . This style airhorn should be standard new motorcycle equipment .
 My husband drives a very dependable Neon to work . The horn on this car is very weak . He installed the Bad Boy dual tone horn I gave him for Christmas . Installation was easy and the horn can be heard by all .
 For the price you could not ask for anything better . And all it took was fifteen minutes to install . Installed on a 2000 Acura TL
 Installed this unit on my 87 Goldwing Wow !! great volume . Mounting was another issue , only one mounting hole -LRB- cast aluminum -RRB- suited only for a car flush mount , had to make my own brackets to mount to the frame.so I could hose clamp it . It 's a little bulky but in the end a very good unit sounds like a frieght train . Only a 3 month warranty hope it lasts , as they say to mount it under the hood out of the rain and dirt . Kind of impossible with a motorcycle .
 I installed this on my BMW R1100R motorcycle . The bike already has adequate relay and wiring , so it was just a matter of extending the wires to reach the new contacts . I removed the old straight horn bracket and used just one of the three plates , which I bent at a right angle . Mounted the horn to the bracket and the bracket back to it 's mounting point . The horn mouth is at the left of the bike pointing backwards.It is very loud . A good safety feature for use with car drivers on cell phones wandering into your lane !
 I got this horn for my girlfriend 's 2000 Corolla a couple of weeks ago . She was tierd of the wimpy little factory horn . In a world of large SUV 's and 18 wheelers she wanted her presence known . I installed this horn in about an hour . A lot of additional wires and connecters are needed as you have to make a ground for it -LRB- the factory horn grounded through the mounting bracket -RRB- . The sound was a little higher pitched than what I had expected but a vast upgrade on the decibels . I know now if she needs to send a warning in traffic it WILL be heard . Good bang for the buck . I hope it out lasts its 3 month warranty -LRB- from date of purchase -RRB- .
 Whats in the package?It was a little vague on what came with the horn , but here is everything that it comes with : - Wolo model 419 air horn-mounting bolt , nut , and tightening washer-relay -LRB- for vehicles with small wring or motorcycles -RRB- Quality :3 / 5 - Plastic and chrome look good , metal mounting point is of low quality , I do n't think it will break , but I would have liked to see stainless steel.Installation :1 / 5-5/5 Cant really give a good review on how easy it was to install because it depends on what your are using it for and what options you have.-For most cars it will be pretty easy to install , the engine compartment is large and so fitting this bad boy in should n't be a problem.-For motorcycles It could be a bit more difficult . It took me about 6 hours to install.-You are limited as to how you can mount the horn because it only has 1 mounting point.Sound :5 / 5This Bad boy has a great sound thats very different than any other horn on the road . It will get peoples attention , not necessarily because its crazy loud , -LRB- its only 118db -RRB- Its the tone it produces from its two horns that make it very unique and noticeable .
 Used this to replace the wimpy horn that came with our RV . Simple installation and works as promised . Wolo Model 419 Bad Boy Black One Piece Design Air Horn Kit - 12 Volt
 This horn is visually similar in construction and design to the Stebl Nautilus , sounds about the same and costs about half as much . It might not be as loud as the manufacturer claims , but it 's certainly louder than the factory horn by a large degree!I bought it to replace the mono-tone factory horn in my Mazda 3 hatchback . In my case , I ended up needing to remove the entire front bumper cover to gain access to the installation location . I also ended up needing to install it in a semi-horizontal orientation with the trumpets facing forward -LRB- contrary to the instructions ' admonition to `` install vertically when possible '' -RRB- because I did n't want to modify the factory horn 's mounting bracket any more than necessary . At first I had it installed in a fully horizontal position in order to maximize the space between it and other parts in that area -LRB- such as the fog lamp wiring harness -RRB- , but soon discovered after I ran the car through a touchless automatic car wash that the horn would sound like a wheezing rattlesnake for a few days until the water cleared out of it . So I had to go back in and tilt it down a bit on the forward end so the water now just runs out rather than collecting -- no more wheezing rattlesnake . Additionally , I had to buy some wire and insulated/waterproof connectors to properly attach the horn to the positive lead from the junction box -LRB- using the car 's horn relay circuit instead of the supplied relay -RRB- and to the grounding point on the chassis under the mounting bracket.Other than there being only one general orientation in which to install it in my particular make/model of car , I 'm really happy with how bright and loud it is ! I feel its sound more closely matches my car 's persona and it definitely gets more attention when necessary , which is n't that often -LRB- fortunately or unfortunately , depending on your point of view -RRB- .
 I 've really been wanting a loud air horn on a car of mine for the past 10 years , yeah , a long time to wait . Finally I just ordered the cheapest one I could find that had good reviews . Alas , the Bad Boy 419 came into my hands.The price was not bad at all , way cheaper than hornblasters , but this is no train horn by any means . I replaced the horn in my Subaru Legacy with no problems . Wired the positive cable to it 's new home on the Bad Boy and grounded it . You do need to supply your own wires unless there is enough room where your current horn is mounted , most cars do n't have enough room here though.I love the sound , very Euro and quite louder than my stock horn by decent amount . I will admit that I was expecting it to be louder than it is . I think my expectations were a bit too high for such a cheap model and that 's why I gave it one star off in the end.Bottom line , for the price , ease of install and sound , you ca n't go wrong with this horn , especially mounted in a small Japanese car !
 The horn delivers as promised . Very loud but a little `` European '' in sound . DOES THE JOB !
 Bought this horn for my Toy Highlander . Ended up putting it on my '90 BMW motorcycle . Sure beats the '' beep beep '' . Wife thought it might be too loud -- she loved it . Getting another one .
 I just purchased a new 2010 Honda Insight Hybrid . It 's a great little car but comes with one of the sickestMeep Meep horn I have ever heard . I was embarrased to honk my horn because people will just fall over laughing.So I decided to install another horn . First I got the Fiamm Highway Blaster rated at 132 deciples . That hornsounded a lot better but really was n't that much louder than the stock horn . Then I saw this Wolo Badboy at mylocal Autozone and decided to give it a try . I used the included Relay to install the horn since my stock hornfuse was only a 10amp and they recommended to run an inline fuse from the battery to the relay of 20amps and useat least 16 gauge wire . I used 14 gauge to make sure there is plenty of electricity transfer and conductivity.Which should work great in any kind of weather regardless of temperature.Anyway , After I installed it and tried it I was truely impressed . Not only was it a lot louder than the 132dbrated Fiamm horn but it sounded a heck of a lot better and it is a lot more noticable then the Meep Meep hornmy little Insight came with . I am very happy with my purchase and recommend the horn to anyone that is thinkingabout it . It 's not a 3000 Dollar Super duper train Air Horn but it does the job as advertised.One satisfied customer .
 I had purchased on of these Bad Boy air horns for my Harley-Davidson several years ago and it worked real well . Loud pipes saves lives is heard around the Harley crowd . This little horn was louder than my exhaust . My Dad recently purchased a new Kia Sorento and it had one of the little beep , beep horns and it was n't enough noise to be taken seriously . Well I ordered on of these Bad Boys for my Dad for Fathers Day and installed it in a matter of minutes . Wow ! He said . I said , yeah baby ! You ca n't go wrong with this horn . It is high tone and loud and easy to mount . Just disconnect the old horn and plug into the Bad Boy .
 This is a very weird horn . It can be loud , but it is n't always . When its warm outside , this thing is plenty loud . If its rainy or snowy , not so much . I do n't know exactly why that is , but thats how it works . Was a pain to install , but that is no fault of the manufacturer . I 'm actually considering getting another one , just so they will be consistently loud enough . The tone is very cool -LRB- I think -RRB- but my wife says it makes my car sound like its carrying either clowns or rainbows .
 Only had it installed for a week , so ca n't review it 's longevity yet . The installation was dead stupid easy on my '93 Miata . I 'm no electrical genius , but I do realize that electrical devices need an inlet -LRB- + -RRB- and an outlet -LRB- - -RRB- for current . My car 's one wire horn was grounded to the frame , not an option on the Wolo . Took me all of 37 seconds to fabricate a ground wire and run it to the mounting bracket . I 'm assuming this was covered in the directions , but I honestly did n't read them.The sound is GREAT ! I ca n't verify that it actually pumps out more db 's than the stock horn , which actually is surprisingly loud , but the tone is much more attention getting . I would assume it will also be more effective on headphone wearing , phone chatting , texting drivers about to crush my little car.NOTE , to those of you scratching your head trying to figure out how to get it to mount where the stock horn was on your NA Miata , you need to remove the short bracket from the original horn and drill out one of the holes to fit the supplied mounting bolt . Attach the bracket to the Wolo , then pass the horn up through your car 's `` mouth '' . You 'll also need to bend the bracket to a `` Z '' shape to get everything to line up . Not hard or time consuming , but for some reason this did n't occur to me and I mounted it about halfway back in my engine bay , muffling the sound a good bit . Thought about and it took me 10 minutes to relocate it to the proper location . It now sounds a LOT louder outside the car . Plus , it now sounds like a real sports car.This horn is definitely worth the money and time to install .
 The Wolo Model 419 Bad Boy Air Horn was very easy to install in the original installation area . You may have to extend the power wire -LRB- but this will vary based on how you mount the horn -RRB- . Works better than the original horns on my 1997 Ford Explorer .
 I 've had a few air horns . This is the easiest to install , smallest in compactness , comes with everything you need to install . You want attention with very little space ? This is it . Installed in the same stock location right in front and behind the grill of my 1998 Toyota Ipsum . I 'll buy another one for my other car .
 Installed in a 1996 Toyota Tacoma easy install had to add a relay & placed on side of passenger side fender wall so far works well a lot louder than OEM horn
 A very nice horn , excellent tone , sound loud enough for truckers , motorcycles , or other vehicles on hiway to hear : Recommend
 Better than my stock horn . I have since then upgraded to a train horn however . It worked fine and I have used 2 of them on separate cars . No issues . Quality
 My friend had bought a 419 for his truck and it sounded awesome so I purchased 3 . 2 were for my Jeeps -LRB- with sissy horns -RRB- and the third for my motorcycle . Mounting was easy . I purchased a wolo horn relay kit from autozone for the wiring on my motorcycle . Was simple to put in , then just plugged it up . It was nice that they sent a relay with the horn . The horns all work great , are loud , and seem pretty sturdy . I had ordered a Chrome one -LRB- 519 -RRB- also , but it had cracks in the chrome upon arrival so I sent it back and stuck with the 419s . Now I need one more for my Nissan Versa !
 Replaced one of the OEM horns on 2006 Charger and it is twice as loud ! I am going to order another to replace the other factory horn as well .
 The installation took me at least 2 days , but it was fairly easy . My problem is that it was the first time I dealed with my battery spot in my sportster and also spent some time thinking to find the best spot in my bike and building a custom bracket . You have to be smart enough to find a good spot for the horn and be careful with the negative cable , make sure you attach it to a good ground screw in your frame . Sound is VERY loud , if you horn for more than 5 secs I am sure your ears will blow up . : -RRB- I am planning to get another WOLO for my truck soon !!
 The title may sound a bit negative , but the horn does blow -LRB- it works !!! -RRB- I did have a problem , which I read about in another forum , but really did n't pay attention to . I connected the device to my factory wiring on my Nissan Cube as the instructions called for and it worked for about 10 minutes . I ended up blowing the 10 amp fuse . After further research , I used the motorcycle instructions and connected the provided relay and the horn works perfectly .
 New small cars -LRB- Honda Fit , Mazda 3 , others -RRB- come with a high-tone single horn that delivers a timid meep-meep sound . You can either add a low-tone horn , or replace original equipment with this Wolo horn . This item provides a nice upgrade in both tone & loudness . Requires some adjusting to fit in tight spaces of small cars . Upgrade the fuse to 20amp . I 'm not a mechanic but was able to do the upgrade at home . Wires & blade connectors are available at auto part stores . Call Wolo at 888-550-4676 with your questions or for further guidance .
 This horn replaced the standard two-horn installation on my 2003 Camry and is a little louder than the previous two horns combined . Installation was straightforward . There was ample room to install on the passenger side at the mount point of the original horn . My single wire system allowed connection to the -LRB- + -RRB- side of the Bad Boy , but I had to purchase a connector and wire for the ground connection . I also added a small flat piece of metal to help stabilize the horn mounting as the mount point on the car was made for the original lighter plastic horn . Very pleased with the purchase .
 ... and all your problems are cured . I mounted one on my Kawasaki Police motorcycle . As per the instructions , I added a relay and a fuse and a length of wire from the battery and now a push of the stock horn button commands attention . Total install time - less than two hours including wiring .
 I have a pair of these on my Tacoma and one on my sport touring motorcycle . This horn on my bike scares cars back into their lane , the drivers assume they are about to get hit by a big truck , perfect . Two on my truck is just fun to screw with people .
 I have an 35 ' RV with standard car horns . The horns -LRB- yes , the RV had two -RRB- were just not loud enough . Then the research began . I shop Amazon often so I started here . I did not like the decible rating of the electric horns so I looked at the air horns . They seemed robust enough , but the installation was going to be tricky under the front bumper . AND they were quite a bit more expensive than the electric horns . Then I found the `` Bad Boy '' from Wolo.I was a little concerned about the quality based on the price for a self-contained air horn , but with Amazons no questions asked return policy , I decided to give this horn a chance.You know the feeling you get when you first get something delivered ? You ca n't wait to try it out . I have a 12v 25 amp power supply in my workshop I use for various projects and decided to give this unit a test blast in a confined space . DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES DO THIS WITHOUT EARPLUGS ! . This short one-second blast scared me -LRB- seriously -RRB- and set my ears ringing for at least 2 hours . At that point I knew I had a winner.I set Saturday aside to do the installation . As other reviewers mentioned , the horn DOES NOT come with wire , connectors or relay socket . It does come with a relay , but if you have a relay for your horn on your fuse panel you will not need it . Throw the relay in the box you have saved all your other important widgets you 'll never use.Upon careful inspection of the wiring of my horns , I quickly realized it would easier to ADD the horn to my existing horn -LRB- s -RRB- rather to replace one or both of them . I did a quick calculation of the amperage required to run both of the existing horns as well as the Wolo Bad Boy , and it was way less than 30 amp horn relay fuse on my fuse panel.I used suitcase connectors -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/3M-Scotchlok-Electrical-Automotive-Applications/dp/B0002BFZ7U/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1337450946&sr;=8-1 -RRB- to make the connections to the existing horn wires and crimped on the female spade connectors -LRB- also not included -RRB- and I was good to go . The entire installation took less than 20 minutes.The horn test from the drivers seat was impressive . It was not unlike the first test in the workshop , It did n't scare me this time as I knew what to expect , the ear ringing was much less , but still there . I was grateful there was an additional 10 feet of separation from the horn as well as closed doors and windows.Hopefully going down the road to our next adventure at 65 mph will lessen the horn blast inside the cab.Can ' t miss with the Wolo Bad Boy !
 For the price of this horn and the performance , this is a great buy . I am very pleased so far on how this product works . It is a little big so if you have a tight spot it might not work . But for me I was able to put it in the original location on my motorcycle with minimal changes . wiring it was easy and the directions are clear . I would highly recommend this horn to anyone .
 I bought this horn for my brother for Christmas . We installed it on his Nissan truck . Wow . Impressively loud , compact , easily installed . I just bought another one for my motorcycle . Excellent product , and worth the money .
 I bought this horn to use on my dirt bike -LRB- motard style -RRB- . Wolo advertizes that their horn will fit any bike , but it was very difficult to find any place to mount it on a dirt bike , as the horn is quite big . I emailed Wolo and asked for help about where to mount it , and they were n't very helpful - just said that my installer would have to find a dry place to mount it . I finally decided to mount it over the headlights . I then emailed Wolo asking for advice buying or making a rain shield . They did n't answer any of my questions about what materials to use in a rain shield , but mentioned a company called Metal Arts , but when I did an internet search , nothing came up . I emailed Wolo again , asking for a url or email address for the company and they gave me a phone number for the company . Since I live in Thailand , I wanted to contact the company by email , so I emailed Wolo , again asking for that information , but they never answered my final email . I finally designed a bracket and rain shield my self -LRB- the bracket from stainless steel , and the shield is an old helmet face shield -RRB- . The horn is excellent - very loud , much louder than even the horns used on cars here in Thailand , so it really gets other drivers ' attention on the highway . I had a switch installed so that I can switch back and forth between the Wolo horn and the original horn , so that I can use the quiter horn in town and not cause someone to have a heart attack ! The relay went bad after a couple of months -LRB- the mechanic who replaced it says it was a cheap Taiwanese relay . -RRB- I 've been using the horn for 9 months now , with no operation problems from the horn itself .
 Product arrived quickly and as described . Great value ! Most after market auto parts stores want $ 60.00 or more ... . P.S. Horn will definitely get other motorist attention . I bought two for my 2010 Tundra especially for those aggressive drivers who cut me off while trailing my RV .
 I read some of the reviews on this horn saying it was 2x as loud as the factory horn . They were right . I tried it out hooking it to the battery and almost dropped it . people definately hear this thing . great product .
 I installed this on my Mazda Miata . The original horn was pathetic . I reused the factory mounting braket and original wiring . The entire job took about 30 minutes .
 I own a 2005 Mini Cooper S Convertible and have replaced the stock horns 3 different times due to failure from water entering and rusting out the horns . There are two horns on the car and they are $ 52 each to replace so after over $ 300 in replacements I decided to try a different route and installed the Wolo Bad Boy.I made a short bracket from some scrape metal , tapped into the horn wires and in a total of 30 minutes had a horn that could be heard VERY well and would be a lot less money to replace vs. the stock horns if it does happen to fail . So far the horn has been installed for 60 days with zero problems and it does command attention on the road which I love with my little car -LRB- some folks just like to ignore the little Cooper -RRB- . I would be happy to post some photos of the install or answer any questions if anyone needs help .
 I have a silverado and one of the horns went out so it left me a high pitched wimpy sounding horn . I replaced that horn with this one . Even used the same mount and now the high pitched factory horn combined with this makes a noise that nobody can ignore . The horn itself is the pitch of a trumpet . Excellent buy . It is not the low pitched horn like a train horn but works quite nicely without much effort or cost .
 I 'm glad that I replaced the OEM horn in my 2000 Miata with the Wolo Model 419 Bad Boy Air Horn . The OEM horn sounded like a bicycle horn & would n't scare a child . The Bad Boy has a louder two tone sound , like much larger cars and you will not be ignored anymore.The only difficult task was removing the existing OEM horn & bracket . I had to remove the Miata grille -LRB- screen -RRB- and one passenger-side headlight bolt to gain access to the OEM horn , mounting bracket , electrical wire & wire clamp.I used the previously removed OEM horn bracket , after drilling a 1/4 '' dia . hole -LRB- near the bend in the bracket -RRB- for the Wolo Bad Boy horn kit included mounting bolt . See the customer images for approximate hole location & installation photos . I mounted the OEM horn bracket with the existing bolt on the radiator mount . The Bad Boy horn tucks nicely tucks in this area and is easily accessible . See customer images for installation location.Wiring-I used the existing OEM wire & clamp . I cut off the old wire connector & then crimped on a new 3/8 '' insulated female spade terminal . This wire lead connects to the plus -LRB- + -RRB- Wolo male spade . There a existing hole in the car frame where you can insert the existing wire clamp to anchor this plus -LRB- + -RRB- wire lead.I purchased some 16AWG wire for a chassis ground -LRB- you will only need about 6 '' of 16AWG wire -RRB- . I crimped a 3/8 '' female spade on one end -LRB- which connects to the minus -LRB- - -RRB- Wolo male spade -RRB- . Then I crimped a 1/4 '' vinyl insulated ring terminal to the other end of the ground wire . Note
 era lo que esperaba buen producto suena durisimo a la primera que sal&iacute; a la calle la son&eacute; e impresiono a la gente cuando la sonaba
 I live in a tourist town in central AZ. . Before I would have to yell and curse those space Cadette 's . Now I just scare the crap out of them.Thanks , O.Z. Fray
 Simple install and wiring . For under $ 50 I am not sure you will find a louder faster responding replacement horn , replaced my factory horn on a full sized truck .
 this horn is pretty loud i figured it would be as loud as a regular car horn it is compact and loud awesome for car or truck
 I really like my AVS VentVisors , this is the 5th car that I 've put them on . I just wish they 'd offer them in an in-channel configuration . These particular visors are taped onto the doors rather than being secured into the top of the window channel , as every other visor I 've used has been.Pros
 My Giants Hitch cover looks great , was easy to put on , and is very secure . I am extremely happy with this product , and it was exactly how i envisioned it .
 This came with very clear instructions on how to install it . Installed with no issues . Looks great and I can leave my window cracked open without fear of rain soaking my interior allowing my van to stay cooler and smell better from the ventilation .
 Good quality - attractive - good adhesive . Product was manufactured several years ago for a 2002 Toyota Sienna and the factory applied adhesive strips are still very strong.My auto body technician suggests that after the vent-shades are affixed , you do not open -LRB- raise/lower -RRB- the windows for 3 or 4 days to ensure that the adhesive cures evenly and entirely .
 I have K&N filters on all my cars and motorcycles . They simply flow more air than conventional filters . They are easy to clean and will last the life of your vehicle .
 I purchased this to replace a disposable filter on my 1998 Corolla that I had neglected -LRB- forgot -RRB- to change . What a difference it made ! I went from filling up my gas tank every 10 days to every 15 days . Not only am I saving on my gas mileage , but I wo n't have to buy another filter again . I 've already cleaned it and resprayed it and it works like new again ! I definitely would buy this again .
 Used it on 1999 Corolla and instantly got an improvement in mileage for first few weeks . I used keep a tab on my mileage all the time using built in odometer trip and used to get an average of 24-26 miles per gallon . With fram filters I used to get an boost for a max of couple miles only for the first two tanks and it will return to normal after that . And I have never seen any increase in mileage with oil change or transmission oil flush . But with this filter got an immediate boost to 30-32 for first 4 + full tanks . Also the RPM went down by couple hundred rotations now . But the mileage started going down now , so it is not a permanent one . But for a filter which you can leave it for life time in car , it is worth a investment than a regular one , which I change every 5k miles.Also using a Mobil1 synthetic oil -LRB- use the correct one out of 5w or 10w using the mobil website calculator -RRB- for oil changes considerably reduced the engine rpm need and the heat it generated .
 Great deal from Amazon . Worth even more the earlier in the life of your car you install this filter .
 We did some modifications to his intake before installing this . Now , his intake handles a higher flow . This filter was perfect for the modification job -LRB- not recommended to do without a mechanic , or knowledge that you WILL void your warranty -RRB- .
 I was skeptical upon purchasing this K&N drop in , but worth the price . It was time to change the air filter , and was either this more expensive , reuseable filter or the paper FRAM brand one , which is now about $ 18 at Walmart . I chose this K&N upon reading online and the reviews that Amazon had . Upon dropping this in , about a 2 minute install , the car idles quieter and is more responsive when stopped at a signal . Have n't seen if this filter improves gas mileage , since this would be a big + + + + with the gas over $ 4 a gallon these days . Just topped the tank off , so we will see . Just picked another K&N filter for the other daily driver ...
 This has been one for the best filters I got . After installing the acceleration in my 2000 Corolla was amazing . K&N filters are the best , I will recommend this product to anyone how wants a little more performance without any modification to their vehicle .
 I noticed a slight increase in gas mileage . The best feature is the amount of pull the car has at highway speeds for passing in fourth gear . Awesome air filter I would buy again .
 Since change to a K&N air filter , my car gets better gas mileage and seems to have more horse power .
 easy to install , works for my car , have not notice any power boost or increase in gas mileage thuogh .
 This is the best way to not only save gas , but it improves your ride . When more air is put into your gas when it burns it makes the combustion larger . SO , you get more from your gas . I am not an expert . However , I can tell the difference . My car is an automatic and when its between gears it runs much smoother and doesnt rev as much between gears.I went from filling my tank every 7 days to every 10 . So , I saved on serious gas.regardsfd
 I buy a K&N air and oil filter for every car , motorcycle and ATV I own . I trust the quality and love the increase of power the filters provide .
 Cutting the bumper cover is the worst part of this installation . Be sure to put masking tape around the edges of the bumper cover to prevent scratching the paint as you horse it around while cutting the opening .
 it was good well worth the money looks very nice with my truck fits very well on my 2006 ford f 150 fx4
 I remember this stuff 35 years ago when I was in my teens and used it to pin stripe my impala , so when I got my 2012 frontier why pay the dealer $ 200 to put the same similar stuff on , did it myself looks as good as the dealer install at 1/10 the price .
 These fit very well in my 2005 PT Cruiser . They seem darker though than the pictures , but that could vary by what monitor you 're looking at . Fits my needs well enough .
 It 's now December of 2010 and I bought these mats back in August of 2007
 Just got this today and arrived in a seriously solid box - well protected and well packed . Took less than 5 minutes to install on my bike with the MC Enterprises Sissy Bar already installed . Remove the two rear sissy bar screws , removed the one back seat screw , lined this up , and put the screws back in.FYI ... it was also delivered with longer screws if needed and larger spacers for installs without the sissy bar.It 's bigger than it looked and I was impressed at how well it fit and looks . Solid and does n't move.It does not look exactly like the picture shown by the seller - it has a piece that runs up the middle that attaches to fender through the hole at the back of the seat . I 'll upload a pic soon but it 's a perfect match to the Mean Streak .
 Some gizmos seem self-indulgent . Surely I can figure out how to park the car in my own garage without yet another device with blinking lights ? Yet , I have n't regretted this purchase for a moment.I 'm sure the the architectural drawings for my house list that space as a `` two car garage . '' But fitting our single car into the space is always a challenge . The garage is also the workshop , to begin with , which means that the car has to scrunch in between the table saw and the lathe without bumping into the bandsaw -- not to mention the woodworking project underway -LRB- currently a big gate for the backyard -RRB- . And not to mention the bicycles , outdoor-storage items -LRB- such as ice chests -RRB- , and all the boxes of stuff that we 'll look at again SOMEday . We also have a huge stash of wood for the aforementioned projects . Really , I ca n't imagine how anyone could just drive into a garage ... With wood piled in front of the car `` spot '' and blade-encrusted power tools on either side , the result is that we spent precious time nudging the car forward -LRB- Bang ! okay just a little too far ... -RRB- or realizing that the garage door would n't close . Usually I realized this after I 'd gotten out of the car and adjusted the seat for the Taller Person so he could get in . In our previous house we used the ping-pong-ball-and-string trick -LRB- actually a cat toy disdained by the felines , which was softer -RRB- but that does n't work if the space is also a workshop.While I ca n't speak to its suitability for a two-car garage , this gizmo utterly removed that annoyance from our lives . It 's attached at the front of the garage , and -LRB- after five minutes of setup -RRB- shines a laser on an easily identifiable spot on the dashboard . When the red light lines up with that grill ... I 'm parked . Done.That 's it . One simplification of my life ... that 's worth twenty bucks . No question .
 Got this for my Parents for Christmas.My Dad called me to say it ranks as one of the all-time great Christmas presents.He and my Mom both love it , the motion detector turns on whenever the door is opened , or even just when you walk into the garage.The laser stays on for about a minute after motion is detected.They have aimed it so that the laser hits the center of the dash over the steering wheel , and when it falls off the dash it is time to stop.Parking can now be very precise , without any worry of bumping stuff in the front of the garage or hitting the bumper with the door.He says the battery backup is only good for a few minutes , like for a power failure -LRB- probably would not be able to open the door in that case anyways -RRB- but plugged in to house current it works great.My parents have been raving about it so much I just bought one for myself .
 The Maxsa Dual Laser Parking for two cars is great . It works as advertised . I installed it on the ceiling between the two cars . I picked a location on the dash where the red laser spot should appear and with a little adjustment they 're right on ! The cars are in the garage with just enough room at the rear for the door to close . I modified the instructions slightly and wired the parking unit through the garage door opener light . The laser parking lights only come on when the garage door opener functions ; otherwise the lights operate every time you walk out into the garage.Overall I 'm happy with this product .
 I have a 4 car garage , with the cars parked in the left most double wide bay . It 's a tight fit with a full size expended cab pickup and a ford mustang side by side . No more nasty nose bumps into the wall in front of the cars.I purchased and installed two of these units , one for each of my cars . MY truck sensor has both lasers aligned at the same distance from the side wall . The first laser tells me if I 'm on track as I enter the garage , the second tells me where to stop . My wife prefers both lasers set equidistant from the wall in front of the car , each laser hits a washer nozzle when the car is in position.The downsides to these lasers is they have a very short laser on duration after sensing motion . 10 sec or so . One of the three tabs that mounts the base to the laser busted but it still holds in place fine on the ceiling .
 Eliminates the guess work on where to park . Just install the unit easily in the garage opener , park where you want to and then adjust the laser to a known part of the dash that you can aim for again everytime . Quick and simple . Well worth it .
 I purchased one off these for my husband a couple years ago -LRB- for 2 cars -RRB- and we both love it ! Now we know when to stop and if we are too close , etc. . We have not had any problems with it.Matter of fact I am purchasing one for our daughter-in law and son today.L RicePort Charlotte , FL
 This is essentially a dual laser pointer that mounts to your ceiling and is motion activated . I had my doubts about it but it 's actually very useful . It installs in 10 minutes or less . The only problems are that the cord on the AC adapter could be longer and that the lasers could be easier to adjust . The angle is somewhat limited . I do n't know why they designed it this way . It seems that it would have been rather simple to give them a full range of motion .
 Pros : + Setup took all of 5 minutes + Accurate + Less intrusive than parking mats or hanging tennis balls + Easy to adjustCons : + Sometimes does n't turn on when car enters the garage -LRB- maybe 5 % of the time -RRB-
 This Dual Parking Laser is nearly perfect product . However when it on batteries it does n't switch of for a long time . No issues with power supply for the same . There is n't time adjustment which is not OK for my wife . She needs more time to park car than me.Generally I would recommend it . It works for me .
 Easy to install and it 's working JUST fine ! Is n't that what it 's all about ? RECOMMEND SELLER AND PRODUCTMaxsa Dual Laser Parking For TWO Cars
 In the past I 've always used the red , yellow , and green light things but they seemed buggy . This time I thought I 'd give these a shot . They work as advertised . The key is to aim them at a good spot in your car . I know that when the laser hits a certain part of my dash , it 's time to stop .
 This is an easy unit to install . The unit is adjustable for two cars . Admittedly the beam is somewhat difficult to see until it is rather close to the spot on the dashboard that I have it set . However , I have always been able to stop in plenty of time when the beam becomes clearly visible about a foot or so in front of the dashboard spot where I have it set . You may have to drive a little slower when you know you are somewhat close to your stopping place . Has worked every time for me . I think it is well worth the price . No more creeping up close to the Harley and seeing a little wiggle then hitting the brakes hard . Especially good if the hood of your car slopes downward and you ca n't tell where the very front is . Yea , I am over 65 and this will happen to you also one day .
 Purchased this product after carefully considering it and reading others reviews . This allowed me to plan ahead . After recieving the product I noticed how the sensors did not move as freely as i expected and many others mentioned this . I have a 11 ' ceiling so i did not have to worry about altering that . I tried to use it for two vehiciles but it was just not working . So like I read in another review someone used this model to project two points and it allows you to use them to see if you need to move more to the left or right when parking as well . I like the product and plan on purchasing another for our other vehicle .
 We were looking to solve the issue of consistent parking so that the fridge in the garage could have the door fully open without hitting the car bumper . I decided I did n't want to fiddle with hanging a tennis ball from the ceiling , so I hopped online to see what kind of new garage parking assistance was available . I located this product and have been 100 % absolutely delighted with it . Once I discovered these laser parking systems , I searched out a 2 car laser so that both cars could have the advantage of consistent parking.Other reviewers might have mentioned issues with aligning the lasers on both cars . I did not have any trouble . My garage ceiling is higher than normal , so it is possible that is why . The lasers were a bit stiff to get moving out of the package in their ball and socket joints , but once the initial adjustment is complete , there is no more work involved . It was super easy to hang . Note that you should have a second person on-hand for the initial setup to help with the laser alignment , particularly if the second car is n't yours :-RRB- . Have not had any trouble with the lasers turning off too soon while parking as some customers remarked . The solution does n't take any space in the garage is n't large , ugly , or obtrusive and is not a tripping hazard if the car is not there.Bottom line
 This laser is great and parks the cars perfect each time . The only problem I had is the same many others reviewing the item had . The laser mount does not allow for the full range of travel needed to point the lasers in the right direction . I fixed this by using my dremel tool . I was still able to get it to work as needed , but I do n't think I should have to shave down the plastic to get it to work . Still happy overall !!
 Easy to mount , Easy to adjust . No timeout problem for me . Motion sensor working perfect . Took care of a bothersome issue of how far to pull the two cars into the garage .
 Good service from the seller . My husband installed the item in minutes and it works like a charm .
 The product works as advertised . Very easy to install and allows for a wide range of parking options i.e. tagging vehicle with laser light . A/C adapter cord is generous-approx . 10 ' in length . The only suggestion I have is where you mount the unit . It 's pretty sensitive . It will detect any motion within 10 ' . Laser lights come on for approx . 30 seconds and turn off but , will come back on if it detects motion . The lasers are Class 3a i.e. scanners , cd players and pointers . No need to worry , only if you decide to stare directly into it for long period of time . You could shield the sensor somewhat which helps minimize the on/off cycle.One other thing , the picture of the unit in the product description appears much larger than it really is . The actual unit only measures 4 `` x6 ''
 I 'll admit , I am a gadgeteer , but this is a very useful item . My 2 car garage space is tight and I put 2 cars in it every night . The laser spot makes it much , much easier to get the cars in at the right location - not to close to the wall , and in far enought to close the door . I depend on this locater light every day . It 's mounted on the ceiling & out of the way , unlike a bumper or floor mounted wheel chock . I bought this one to replace an older unit that was beginning to fade . I will buy another if this one should ever fail . Ca n't live without it .
 This is a great product that performs well and as advertised ... one suggestion for improvement would be to allow the lasers to adjust out a bit wider . You ca n't have both dots in the center of the hood/dash unless you mount the laser WAY back in the garage .
 This is a basic , motion sensing laser parking system that I have used for a year now . We have two fairly large cars and a fairly small garage . This mounted easily -LRB- as easily as anything mounts to the ceiling -RRB- . The lasers have not budged from the position put them in a year ago . Point it at a spot in the car and then try to put the laser point there every time you park . Simple . I 've had the power go out once or twice and the battery back up has worked as advertised both times . If only the opener had a similar feature ... Pros : - Easily mounts-Bright-Stable-Motion sensor is very sensitive-I do not have the interference problem that one reviewer has . My garage door opener and the HomeLink in the car work just fineCons : - Sensitive motion sensor means the light is nearly always on . This is the opposite problem that others have with the lights not staying on long enough-Nothing to line up with , which makes positioning the car a little difficult
 No more getting knocked in the head by tennis balls in the empty garage . The laser is a great alternative .
 We have been using this parking assist for a few months now . It works great . Installation was very easy , and it works every time . I 've used many other solutions and they all have drawbacks . This laser activates every time , and makes it very easy to know when you 've pulled in far enough . Highly recommended product .
 Once installed , just park the vehicles where you want them , and then line up the laser . I picked a spot that could easily be referenced from the driver 's seat .
 Easy to install , laser light shows up brightly , easy to adjust and quailty craftsmanship . I would gladly recomend this product .
 Mounted this a couple of months ago on the ceiling in our double garage . It was easy to install except it did n't come with drywall anchors and the position I place it in behind the garage door opener there were no ceiling joists to anchor it to . I found that I needed to position the cars in the garage in their ideal positions and then focus the laser on a spot on the dash . Then I had to teach all the drivers in the house what point they were aiming for . Since then it has worked perfectly . It feels like we have more room in the garage now . The only down side is the laser is triggered by motion and anytime you walk through the garage , the laser goes off . It times out in several seconds so it does n't seem to be a big problem and this is a low power device . I 'm now going to order the single laser for the 3rd car .
 It Works like a champ . Parking correctly and accurately has never been easier . Perfect for a loaded garage where accuracy is important .
 Easy to install . Maximizes the aisle in front of our vehicles . Love , love , love it . Product arrived ahead of schedule , well packaged , and as advertised .
 Excellent product and it really works ! My only complaint is the laser arms are a little restrictive for range of motion . We have a three car garage and park on opposite sides . It took a little more work to get the lasers to hit both cars in a place they could be seen , but once set up , we have had zero issue . Highly recommend !
 The only gripe I have about these chaps is the buckle ... it is the only cheap part of the chaps . Other than that , the rest is great . The leather is thick , the zipper is strong and stitched well , and the snaps are rugged .
 I am very satisfied with the product . I did notice that the belt buckle was a bit cheap but overall the product is great .
 the one thing about this is that if you have a newer truck or car it will not work with the stuff that comes with it you have to use straps to pin it down but white ones or black one but the stronger ones are the white ones
 Man this is a good gas foot pedal I use to have one and sold it and never thought I would find one again glad I did put it on my 94 chevy truck looks great its a must have
 A Lot of Fun . . Brings back memories ... Get alor of comments on this item ... There is a Break Pad too . . but I just wanted the Gad Pad
 I 've wanted one of these for as long as I can possibly remember . Took about 5 minutes to install , people with larger hands might take a bit longer down there , ha.It 's pretty big , and might not fit so well in more compact cars.Really finished up the look of my Bronco . Love it .
 When I received the product , it opened easier than most of those types of plastic enclosures , which made me think an effort had been made to re-seal it ... the ad made no mention of a used product ... the chrome appears to scratch easily , but who is gon na have their nose down there to see any imperfections ? Overall , pleased with what i got and , what the hey , I used a gift certificate to buy it , so no major complaints ...
 So ... . i love it !!! its huge and its awesome ! but it was kinda hard to get on my gas pedal that i have though .
 These pedal covers are getting scarce so I had to buy one . It was very easy to install and it stays put and does n't slide around . looks good .
 I was happy with this product . I bought it for my husband and he loved it .
 Remember when cars came with gas and brake pedals that you could fit your feet onto ? The days when you did n't have to `` guess '' if you were pressing on the gas or just mashing the carpet ? Today it seems that automobile manufacturers are trying to make the pedals smaller and smaller . If you have large feet , or wear boots , it is almost impossible to get comfortable driving without putting your foot in an awkward position.This pedal pad is kickin ' it old school and gives your ride a touch of uniqueness , but it also helps make the pedal to where you can be comfortable resting your foot on it . In the summer I go barefoot or wear flip flops a lot , and this makes it easy to rest my foot comfortable on the pedal . In the winter , when I wear boots , I do n't have to guess if I have my foot on the gas or not!Style , old school and comfort -- three good reasons to add this to your ride today !
 What a neat custom item . Reminds me of the old days when I had one !
 Put together well , does not have that cheap feel to it like some others and the chrome shine is real nice . Can be a little difficult to install if you have fairly large hands .
 I love the foot pedal . The only problem I 've had is that it does n't fit the pedal of my Winstar . That was a bit of a disappointment .
 Took a minute to get used to it . It is pretty long and hits the floor but I am happy with it .
 This was hard to find and well worth looking for . Retro fun and well made . Easy to install and brings back memories .
 This thing is sweet , all Joe Dirt fans must have this . It mounts over just about any pedal with a little amount of work .
 Fit in '87 -LRB- 2100cc Digifant -RRB- Vanagon.Provides heat . Keeps engine cool . What else could I ask for ???? Also good for soup stock .
 I have been wanting these for a long time . I have a wrangler soft top with full doors . These vents are of good quality and were super simple to install . I can now crack the windows without having to worry about the interior getting wet or being a security risk . I leave the window cracked all the time and the interior stays noticeably cooler as well as secure ! I wish I would have bought these when I got my Jeep years ago . A MUST HAVE !!!
 Was easy to install , took just minutes . Does all it says , except I get more wind through a particially open window than I expected . But maybe it is because its a Jeep .
 I bought these pedal pads and they were great ... Of course you have to mount them with a strong adhesive . I used 3M weatherstrip adhesive . then I drilled holes -LRB- behind the chrome strips -RRB- for a # 8 screws . and screwed them to the pedal ... Nice thick rubber , with chrome accents ... The chrome piece covered the screws , and the pedal pads look and work great.This is on my 33 Ford 3 window coupe.The guy that left the negative review probably did n't have the mechanical knowhow to install the pads ... Anyway I really like them ... Ted Eminowicz
 I was impressed with these pedals . They were made from nice thick rubber , the chrome trim seems solid and the finish does n't chip like some cheap chrome auto parts , and they 're the perfect size , much more substantial than my stock rubber pads . I installed mine with 3M double sided tape and four # 6 sheet metal screws and they feel as solid as stock .
 It took longer to get the old one out than it did to install the new one . Do n't forget to change both sides .
 Good product , fast delivery , and cheaper then auto parts price . The product was in new condition , as advertised . Replaced it on the car and it works excellent .
 For the price of this item i expected some remanufactured monroe 's , or used , but i got the original strut in a sealed monroe box , really good condition and all new , i recomend this struts
 I recently purchased this product for my Mercedes C280 , It had some rough idle , air filter was dirty and good disposable filter for this car meats almost 20 $ so I decieded to buy one of these for the lifetime for 46 $ . I also used STP total feul system cleaner two times . now the car barely shows any rough idle . I ca n't say it was STP or this filter really . It 's just a filter just like other filters and if it do good for a lifetime , that 's a mystery for me too . I do n't know about other cars but on Mercedes I ca n't sense any increase in Horsepower at all . I do n't want to tell there is not any , but I ca n't sense anything and to be honest , 1 to 4 HP increase is REALLY NOTHING . so , if you want to order this , do n't fool yourself . just consider the economic side of the story and order it . as opposite of what is advertise , You 'll gain no excitement with this purchase at all .
 Everytime I get a new car I put one of these in them . Performance is better , so is mileage . Different results per car -LRB- the escort was the best -RRB-
 I buy a K and N for every car i own and for my friends . I notice the increased power and engine response right away . Easy to install and is the last filter you will ever need . Helps your car breath better . They say it improves milage if you are light on the foot ... I however enjoy the increased response and power from the engine .
 This is my second unit in 2.5 years , K&N rocks , can not be happier , throttle response immediately shows difference . Installation is breeze , even grandma can do it . Happy camper here .
 This dashmat fit our 2001 Honda Odyssey perfectly . It came with about a foot of velcro-like material to fasten the cover to our dashboard , but we only needed a couple of inch 's worth to hold it in place .
 Bought this for my 1990 Mercedes 300D . Fit like a glove . This is a reusable filter that costs about the same price as a single use one .
 This fits my '95 BMW 740i -LRB- E38 -RRB- perfectly , and performs better than the plugged-up paper filter that fell apart . It 's not like adding a blower or anything ; it 's just a good filter that will presumably last the life of the car - just like all the other K&N filters I 've used over the last 20 years .
 This was actually a replacement item.I 've ben wearing these since 2007 and was in need of another pr.Unsurpassed quality and fit .
 Am a stunt rider that 's why i need some thing strong coz i fall a lot , this glove is very strong but the bestthing it have a very cool look , i like it and this is the 4th time i buy it because like i said i fall nasty falls .
 I wanted a leather glove that fit well and gave me good protection ... and I got it with the Pursuit Stealth Glove ! I have very small hands and the other gloves I have purchased in the past never fit right ; too tight , fingers too long , or just too big . I need a good fit when I ride to give me good control . Finally I got what I was looking for with these gloves.As some reviews stated ; buy a larger size . I opted to go for the size I usually get . They were tight but again like most said , they break in very well . I also took a hair dryer to them and stretched them to my perfect size!These gloves are also well made and designed . They arrived fast with no problems.I should also mention that they keep my hands warm at temps at about 50 degrees at about 60 mph.Good value for a great glove .
 After receiving these gloves I was very pleased . They are a tough strong leather . They do run a little tight but the tightness goes away with use . If you order them too big the fingertips of the gloves will be too long . I am a large and I ordered a large and the fingertips are very slightly longer still . The seems are great and well contructed . I love that they button together so you do n't lose them . The knuckles fall right where they have too . Very happy with this purchase . They are a little Pricy but you get what you pay for .
 I 'll start off by reaffirming what everyone else says - but a size bigger . I bought a 2X and it they fit just right . Also , since it 's leather it should feel even better while I break them in . My only complaint is that the little finger is weirdly long . I 've never had issues like that in other gloves and I could really use that length in the middle finger instead . I could also use better placed padding on the palm , but it is sufficient . Otherwise they 're great - light , sturdy construction , and great protection on the back .
 I 'm always looking for a good , tight , yet comfortable pair of gloves . I hit the jackpot when Amazon recommended this pair of Icon leather gloves . They are truly amazing!They carry all the armor inside the layers of lather , giving it a refined look to wear with my cruiser or street bike . I personally like the tight fit for the twisties on my new Busa . Recommended !!!
 I purchased my first pair of these gloves six years ago on a whim . They quickly conformed to my hands and became my favorite riding gloves . I liked them so much , my wife got a pair in pink that she loves as well.After six years , the velcro closure is starting to lose adhesion and is also coming loose . The leather has held up beautifully and they have a great well-worn look and feel . Given the closure issues I am having , I just ordered a replacement pair and will happily break them in as soon as they arrive.These are certainly not warm gloves and in chilly or cold weather , you will want a heavier glove . For all other occasions , these fit them bill perfectly .
 At about 50 degrees and below the wind really cuts through them . They seem perfect other than that . Get them for summer , but get different gloves for winter .
 This glove is really comfortable and slick looking . Maybe not top grade protection but for the kind of weekend for fun riding on back roads that I do I 'd say it is good enough.No lining so probably not suited for really cold climates but I use them in San Francisco winter weather for shorter rides -LRB- 2-3 hours -RRB- and they work for that.I have rather large hands , normally 2XL or 3XL , and I went with 2XL . A little bit snug but more or less true to size and as someone else mentioned they stretch real well and shape to your hands .
 Bought these gloves to wear on my last tour in Iraq . They saved my knuckles and skin numerous times.They are n't just for motorcycle riders .
 Real good gloves for coolish weather . I 've had them just a short while though . I found them good down to about 45 degrees . I would imagine in hot weather you would not use these . They seem to be well constructed .
 I bought these gloves about 4 months ago , and I have been very happy with them . They are good looking , seem to be constructed well , and the knuckle plates are nice for a little extra saftey . I think they were well worth the price ...
 Bought these for my husband . They have great padding to protect his hands , are light weight and look good , too . Lots of bang for your buck .
 I love these gloves . I feel very protected with these . They cost too much . I got charged almost $ 13 to ship them -LRB- ridiculous -RRB- and they took DAYS to get around to shipping them ... but I really like 'em a lot .
 I use this glove for skating as I have a hand injury , so the glove meets concrete regularly . It 's been about 6mos of rigorous use and the gloves still look new . Leather is tough , stitching is tough , and most importantly they protect from road rash without fail.I would definitely buy these again
 I 've had these gloves for about a month now and love the way they look and fit . I initially though that I bought a size too small but as everyone else has commented they have stretched perfectly to my hands after about two weeks of riding . They do n't offer much in terms of protection in the event of a crash besides the cardboard-like formed knuckles . They also leave a lot of particles on your hands when you take them on and off alot but I 'm sure with regular use that will happen less and less . Although I received one glove with slightly different ` grain ' than the other I have yet to find a pair of gloves that look as sharp .
 This is my first set of ICON gloves . I 've been using Oakley for the past year or so , and they finally failed . I wanted something that was full leather with the knuckle inserts . These gloves do n't disappoint . The fit is perfect -LRB- I bought large , and comfortable . The seller was great , shipped fast and everything was expected.One thing I always use to measure any purchase , is the question `` If you had the money in your pocket , would you go out and buy this/these again right now ? `` My answer in this case is YES . I would , I have no complaints and feel like I got a good value in my hard earned money spent . Hope this helps .
 I wore these gloves for about two years before they were put to the test courtesy of a decreasing radius blind curve . They are extremely comfortable and made of very supple leather , and give a great connection and feel for the handlebars . They held up admirably to my crash , the reinforced palm and knuckle protectors doing exactly what they needed to do . The gloves still looked serviceable after the crash , but I bought a new pair to be on the safe side . Highly recommended !
 Pros
 Extremely comfortable , the best quality . The armor on the knuckles and fingers offer the best protection yet are pliable and easy to bend . No complaints these are just the best gloves on the market without question .
 Lightweight , supple , and well vented , these are great riding gloves and they fit my wide hands with short fingers . Now , in my third season of using them , my only complaint is the unraveling stitching in the wrist area of each glove .
 I have had these gloves for a few months now and I really love them . Come to find out , my friend also owns a pair of these gloves . His pair are a few years older than mine and he still wears them . They seem be be holding up just fine but the color of the leather has faded quite a bit.I really like the look of these gloves . They are very thin palm side so I do n't think think they will support a skid for too long but I suppose they will last just long enough before you skin your hands . The nuckles are lightly padded which is enough to protect you from stones kicked up from other vechiles or drunk flying birds.The only downside to an already excellent glove is that from years prior , the nuckle protection went from very ridgid and firm to soft and bendable . I noticed this when I wore my friends gloves . On a different occation , he made a comment on how soft my gloves padding were to the couple of old pairs he still has . Thus , 4 stars . But , I would recommend this to any serious rider .
 `` These gloves got here PDQ ! Sooner than I expected . I LOVE THEM !! They 're sleek and functional not to mention nice fitting . Order your true size and if they 're tight when they arrive , put them on and leave them on for 5 minutes . It 's amazing how they stretch to form to your hand just right . I highly recommend this item and this seller . All & all a good experience . ''
 Stock blower motor went out on my Grand Prix GTP.Bought this as a replacement and the heat works again!A + + +
 I purchased these chains for my 1999 Dodge Ram 2500 4X4 after we had two , 20 plus inch snows this winter . I did put them on my rear tires after the snow had somewhat melted to prepare for the next onslaught . I will say they were fairly easy to put on the first time and I expect even easier the next time I need them . You will have to buy the chain tighteners also or the chains will flop around alot . They are very snug with the tighteners in place . I only used them with a dry driveway since we received no more significant snows after having put them on my tires . I will say that they appear to be quite damaging to the driveway itself , especially if driving on clear dry pavement . They will probably be less damaging when there is 6 or more inches of snow on the ground to protect the pavement from the chains . The chains were very easy to remove -LRB- less than 5 mins per tire -RRB- as opposed to about 15-20 mins per tire to put them on . I expect the next time I put them on to take roughly 10 mins per tire including the tighteners . Read my tightener review for more info.I use my truck mostly for plowing snow on my 300ft driveway -LRB- very steep -RRB- . So damage to the pavement is an important factor and I will only use the chains when absolutely necessary . I expect they will work very well when driving on public roads , where damage to the pavement is not a concern . But after sliding 200ft backwards down my driveway this year I want to be prepared for anything .
 I purchased these chains for the once or twice a year I travel to Colorado for skiing . I drive a full size 2 wheel drive pickup and these chains really provide the bite necessary for traversing the passes in the packed snow and ice . Rest at ease if you do n't have 4 wheel drive ... these chains are the ticket ! Also , the cam-lock variety makes it easy to properly tension the chains , HIGHLY recommended !
 These chains seem well made and work fine . Have n't gotten stuck yet but have n't been in deep snow either . What more do you say ?
 Nice heavy duty chains . Easy to install with cam lock tool provided . You could probably get a replacement but you would ` nt want to lose the tool that tightens the cam . You might be able to use a large flat tip screwdriver in a pinch .
 Chains fit standard Toyota FJ Cruiser tires as expected . EZ to install . Minimal extra linkage . Box that the chains came in could be bigger to make it easier to get back in the box . As cheap as the rubber chain tensioners are , it would have been a bonus if the tensioners could have been included with the chains as part of the chain set .
 I use this chain in this winter season . Good for snow and ice . Bou on hard surface it is not good
 Came quickly and well packaged , have not had a chance to use them yet but they look to be a well made product .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 Bought these for a 99 Honda Fit . They are cheap and they work well just like any other pad set . Brake dust is hardly noticeable and no squeaking either .
 Low to no dust after two months of usage . No squealing . Did n't even use any anti-squeal lube/gel . Just used the plates off the original manufacturer pads . Recommended .
 I JUST REPLACED MY STOCK AIR FILTER WITH THIS K&N AND I SAW A MILEAGE INCREASE ON MY NEXT MILEAGE CHECK .
 My dash mat came 5 days before the estimated arrival date , which was a pleasant surprise . It was neatly packed , so no wrinkles to contend with . The quality is excellent and looks even better than the picture . Best of all , it fits perfectly , with every vent and sensor cut-out right in place . I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to recommend this company 's products .
 A high quality brake drum with great fit and finish ! A well made replacement product !! Will definately use Wagner products again .
 Me and some friends bought this as a gift to another friend . He loved it , so far it looks pretty good quality .
 I removed the factory air cleaner from my Mazdaspeed MX-5 and replaced it with this one . What a difference . I noticed about a 1 to 2 mpg improvement , and it also increased my HP and acceleration . Worth every penny .
 If you are looking for a simple drop in car air filter , K&N filters are good value . They are more expensive than paper filters , but you get your money 's worth in not having to replace them every 10,000 miles and you get cleaner airflow and a slight power bump with the K&N . Only thing better would be a full air intake system .
 This is a great deal for a great filter ! I 've got K&N filters in both my cars and they are better off for it .
 They are mats ! They sit on the floor ! Tigger looks back at you ! They sit on the floor very quietly and wait politely to be stepped on .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I have used these gloves for the past two years and I have had no problems with them . Being perforated , they breath very well in hot weather . They are not meant for cold weather though . I have worn them a couple times in the 40 's and my fingers nearly froze off , but for hot weather , they ca n't be beat . My hands do not get hot and sweaty while wearing these . They are very comfortable , and have a knuckle guard built in . I need to order another pair only because my dog chewed the pinkie off one of them . I 'm 6 ' 2 180 and wear an XL .
 These are great ! The padding even helps with some of the vibration on my grips.I think maybe a fellow reviewer might have gotten a faulty pair . I use these everyday I ride -LRB- which IS everyday -RRB- and have n't noticed any stitching issues.Worth the money for me .
 I 've gone through several sets of riding gloves over the years and this has to be one the best ever ! Good fit , quality leather all around .
 These gloves are perfect for riding . They are very well made . I highly recommend these gloves if you ride a motorcycle .
 when i put on these gloves traffic stopsand i dominate the road with the mighty hands of zeus #true
 I 've used this gloves for almost 3 months now and I am very satisfied with them . As prior reviews say , this gloves form to your hands very nicely after a couple uses . The only thing missing is a connector to snap to your jacket .
 Across the street from most anti-Iraq War rallies were `` Support Our Troops '' rallies . Two things are at work here : A . The phrase `` support our troops '' has become code for supporting the Iraq war , as columnist , Sean Gonsalves , pointed out in `` Alternet '' , Feb. 28 , 2005 . B. There 's the not-so-subtle implication that those who are against the war do not support the men and women who make up our armed forces . As though we might spit in one of their faces as happened to some of the soldiers returning from the Vietnam War.Some vocal supporters of the Iraq War make it sound like there are only two , black and white camps
 The original `` Support Our Troops '' decals were probably invented by Karl Rove and his ilk as a means of subtly increasing support for the war . This bumper sticker gives those who really support our troops a meaningful alternative , and hopefully leads to their early withdrawal .
 I have used these gloves for the past two years and I have had no problems with them . Being perforated , they breath very well in hot weather . They are not meant for cold weather though . I have worn them a couple times in the 40 's and my fingers nearly froze off , but for hot weather , they ca n't be beat . My hands do not get hot and sweaty while wearing these . They are very comfortable , and have a knuckle guard built in . I need to order another pair only because my dog chewed the pinkie off one of them . I 'm 6 ' 2 180 and wear an XL .
 These are great ! The padding even helps with some of the vibration on my grips.I think maybe a fellow reviewer might have gotten a faulty pair . I use these everyday I ride -LRB- which IS everyday -RRB- and have n't noticed any stitching issues.Worth the money for me .
 I 've gone through several sets of riding gloves over the years and this has to be one the best ever ! Good fit , quality leather all around .
 These gloves are perfect for riding . They are very well made . I highly recommend these gloves if you ride a motorcycle .
 when i put on these gloves traffic stopsand i dominate the road with the mighty hands of zeus #true
 I 've used this gloves for almost 3 months now and I am very satisfied with them . As prior reviews say , this gloves form to your hands very nicely after a couple uses . The only thing missing is a connector to snap to your jacket .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I purchased these for my girlfriends H3 . She has a tendency to find every water hole between home and work , and with living in the beautiful and raining NorthWest . I got tired of washing the vehicle every three days or so . I noticed that the doors would have the `` splash '' marks on them from the front wheels . I finally broke down and purchased a set , once they were eligable for the free shipping . I 'm very pleased with them . There are no longer `` splash '' marks over the doors.The product was very easy to install . Did n't need to remove the wheels to drill the pilot holes . I was very pleased with the product , so much so that I decided to purchase the rear mud flaps . Do n't think they are really needed , except the other day was driving behind during a raining day , and noticed how high the rear tire was kicking up a rooster tail . Plus for estatics , think the rear mud flaps are needed .
 Bought just the fronts for my Hummer H3 as I was sick of snow ending up on my door handles . Installation took literally 7 minutes and they work great .
 I looked around before I ordered mud guards . It was raining almost every day and living on a dirt road did n't help . I had to clean my Hummer H3 all the time because mud would be all the way up to the windows . When I read the other review that said these were wide I thought I would try them . My tires are wide and I wanted something to cover good . My husband put them on in no time at all and he said they went on easy . Then I waited and it did n't rain for a couple of weeks . Well , finally it rained and I went out just to try the mud guards . I am very excited to say I no longer have mud all over the side of my white Hummer . I 'm not sure why they would make a Hummer without these already installed . They look great , like factory made . Shipping was so fast ... Love them !!!
 Bought for our 06 Hummer H3 . Fit great and look great . I believe these are what would come if you ordered from the dealer . I was able to get the front ones on relatively easily -LRB- buy turning the steering wheel left and right . However the rear ones required me to toke off the tires . A right angle electric drill/screwdriver might have made this easier . Total install time besides removing the rear wheels , 15 minutes . Just read the directions and use your judgement . Note
 Although these filters are expensive , it has improved the gas mileage , and the car seems to run better . I 'm glad I bought it , and no more searching for disposable filters ... Yeah ! It was a little cheaper on Ebay , though , but this seller shipped quickly .
 I 'm not sure what this other reviewer is talking about because I have this keychain as well and I love it . I asked the seller about the $ 4.49 shipping charge as well before I made my purchase and was told that since Amazon sets the shipping prices for sellers that the main price of the keychain was lowered to make up for the shipping over-charge , which makes sense to me . Plus , it 's not like you can click the `` buy '' button without seeing your total purchase price anyway , so this is n't some kind of scam as the other reviewer implies .
 This thermostat works perfectly . It has a reasonable price , and does it 's job well . If it fits your car , this is the one you want .
 I have ordered this tailgate handel bezel before from another campany and theysent one that already had the tabs broken off and they said no refunds.this part arrived brand new and a perfect fit.I would recommed this company .
 I want to thank you for your prompt service . The bezel arrived quickly and was exactly the item I ordered . It fit like a dream and was super easy to install . It is wonderful to get a product for a fair price and in perfect condition . Thanks so much for your service
 Fit perfectly on 2001 Silverado 1500 without issue . Did not need any foam backing on mine , like some others did . Looks original factory .
 It arrived before the week was over , 5 minutes out of the envelope it was on my truck and works great .
 This fits my '02 HD tailgate just fine . It does , as other reviews said , lack the factory foam dampeners which makes the fit feel a bit less precise than the original part . The plastic on its own seems about as well made as the factory one that I foolishly broke . The texturing of the plastic makes it look very much like what I took off.I would give five stars if they would have had the two pieces of foam insulation in .
 Outstanding value -LRB- compared to the dealer cost of $ 46 - for a piece of plastic -RRB- ! Does n't come with the foam dampers , which can easily be dealt with by either re-using the old ones or by sticking a few pieces of foam tape/insulation . Works like a champ !
 This is a good product for the price . The bezel fit very well and looks like an original . The price at the Chevy Dealership was $ 40
 It fit great after I removed ALL of the old double sided sticky tape from the tail gate . If there is any left on the tailgate the bezel may not be factory flush around the edges . I replaced both the Bezel as well as the tailgate handle -LRB- C580701 -RRB- in less than 10 minutes . My truck looks and works just like new again !
 A replacement item at a fraction of my local dealers price , quickly shipped , and easily installed on the vehicle . A no brainer , I will consider this option for all my do-it-yourself parts in the future .
 Quick shipping , and easy install . Perfect color match and fit to the factory part . The foam pieces are not stated in the info as being included but was .
 This product is an exact replica of the orignal . Fast shipping and good package . I felt the shipping was a little to high . I would recommend this product to other people .
 Ca n't tell the difference between this and the original ! Cheap fix for something Chevy could have designed better in the first place .
 Product performed as described no issues . Fair value would recommend to others , easy to install . Shipped on time with snail mail .
 This tailgate bezel was very inexpensive , and shipped to my house immediately . The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars was because there were no instructions with it . As I set it in place , it appeared like it might snap in place with a slight tap . With a slight -LRB- and I mean slight -RRB- tap , both of the top clips snapped off . Luckily it came with some sticky tape that also holds it in place so I just left it on and for the price , I can just order another one if/when it falls off . I have gone through a car wash and about 400 miles and it is still on !
 This was easy to install ; fit like a glove ; and looks like it came from the factory.The plastic felt strong and durable
 Fit and worked perfect . Easy to install and is holding up well in some really tough weather . Thats about it .
 It seems like every other Chevy Silverado from this era that you see on the road is missing this piece - I own a 2001 and mine broke off late last year . I attempted to stick it back on with 3M tape but that wound up working for about 20 minutes , so I finally ordered this product . It arrived very quickly and I was very pleased with the quality of the product as it feels heavier/thicker than the stock piece but not so much that it wo n't fit properly . Install was a snap ; just remove the sheaths from the adhesive pads , guide the bottom prongs in first and push the top end in until it 's firmly seated . You 're done!I purchased 2 , thinking I 'd have a spare in case I lost another one , but I was shipped 3 of them by mistake . Appreciate it , guys !
 The tailgate handle cover arrived with the tabs broken -LRB- both of them -RRB- . Just like in the reviews . One email to Amazon and the seller replaced it free of charge . Amazon is awsome . The new one works just fine . Thanks Amazon.Johnny 69
 this product matched my original handles was easy to install and is a tight fit . i would recommend this product to all Chevy and GMC owners .
 This bezel fit perfectly on our 2000 Chevy Silverado . We have seen a number of Chevy pickups missing this bezel on their tailgate . When I asked the parts dept at our local dealership , I was shocked at the price.The one we purchased from Amazon cost more in shipping than the item itself . If fits perfectly and we are pleased.I only regret not buying a second one in case this one is stolen as well .
 It took me all of 6 seconds to pop this over the handle I replaced and have my truck looking new like it was before , the handle broke . It did the trick . Buy with confidence . I feel they need to package it in a box instead of a bubble wrap mailer , but it come unbroken , and was fine . Buy with confidence !
 I lost my original tailgate handle bezel and hated the way my truck looked without it . I have a 2004 chevy silverado and I like it when people think it looks newer than that . I want it to look good for as long as I can even though I use it as a work truck doing landscape work . This replacement part looks just like the original and was a snap to install .
 This is my second replacement . The first I bought off E-Bay and it was loose fitting junk . This one has foam padding and seems to have a smoother finish and more accurate snaps . Shipping was more than product but for ~ $ 10 -LRB- total price -RRB- for good quality delivered to my house is still preferable to Chevy dealership run-all-over-town-take-it-or-leave-it proposition .
 A good duplicate . I used the cushioning pads from the original bezel , snapped in place , and looks like factory . I do n't think that a person can remove one of these without breaking it !
 Fit like a glove just like the original my old tailgate cover become brittle and cracked . Trim items are getting hard to find here due to dealerships closing
 I was sick of missing the tailgate bezel like every other chevy pickup around . I checked amazon and was very pleased . Very Cheap price . Seems like a Quality product . Easy to Install and very fast shipping . I Ca n't ask for more .
 Item fit well , was delivered as promised , and matched all original existing hardware of the same material . I would recommend this if you are ever in need of replacement OEM hardware . I called the dealer , the same part was going to be $ 39 and change , before tax .
 It was everything that I could want . It was the right part , cheap and received it in a very short time .
 I owned an 2004 Silverado and had to replace the tailgate handle bezel and theChevrolet dealer wanted too much for their part and this after market bezel workedjust fine .
 My sons came up missing and I looked here and there it was for a really great price and fast shipping !
 My tailgate handle broke , so I had to keep taking the bezel off to get the tailgate open . By doing this I broke the clips off my bezel . Finally ordered a new handle and this bezel.It 's just like the one that came on my truck , fits nice and snug , does n't move , rattle , nothing . Excellent .
 Simple to install . Took literally 5 seconds . You do n't have to have any special skills to do it yourself . Worth the $ $ $ .
 Easy to install and works great . Amazon made the product easy to order and arrived on time . Would recommend to my friends .
 It fits just like the original one . If you replace the handle , always order the bezel at the same time , because they always break when removing it .
 perfect price and fit for truck after it broke off years ago so i finally found one online great buy
 Worked out absolutely great . It was the exact piece I needed for my truck and it cost very little . I would highly recommend this to anyone that needs this part .
 It fits . It works . Looks fine . Arrived in no time . And it was a perfect replacement that was cheap too .
 christmas gift and when you are missing this on your 99-05 chevy silverado pick up truck , it is very useful .
 Even though the GMC Sierra is n't listed , this part fit my 2003 Sierra perfectly . A much better fit than a different after market bezel I purchased a couple years ago and which subsequently fell off . Highly recommended as opposed to giving the dealer $ 40 for it .
 I would definitely recommend this productThe price and service is great!I bought one from another company and there 's was more money and lesser quality and broke
 I received order quick and had it installed in a couple of minutes.Can ' t tell difference in it and the original .
 The old part was brittle and broke when I was trying to fix the tailgate opening issue . The new part fit perfectly and looked like the OEM part .
 Inexpensive , shipped fast , arrived in tact , fit perfect . You would n't know it from oem . In fact , it is a more solid fit than the oem part was . What more do you ask for ?
 I ordered this item and it arrived on time . This handle looks and works great , just like the original one that came on my truck .
 This was a good product at a great price . It easily snapped on my truck . It looks good too . I recommend this one .
 Snapped right into place and the bezel looks AMAZING !!! makes my tailgate look almost brand new ! Cant wait to get more parts that I need .
 Very satisfied with the product . It installed very easily and looks as good as the original . I had seen other replacements for this bezel from other websites priced much , much higher . I 'd buy another one through Amazon.com if I ever had to .
 Ordered on the 19th , arrived on the 22nd . The part snapped right in and looks just like the original . With parts like this I will probably never buy from the dealer again .
 This was an extremely easy instal item at a fraction of the cost u was quoted at a local dealership . The product looks great ! Recommended for anyone looking for a reasonably priced aftermarket Chevy truck part .
 This is a plain crystal ashtray . It 's both elegant and classic in every way . If an ash tray could enhance your cigar smoking experience , this would do it .
 This is a great product for the price , only thing I was a little unhappy about is the picture misleads the actual ash tray . It is substantially smaller in real life , they show a cigar in the photo , however , when I placed a medium sized cigar in the holder , it would not stay . However , the ashtray is appealing to the eye , if you are going to be using it indoors it is perfect . I would probably not recommend using it out side or any where there is a breeze , the dish is quite shallow .
 THIS BULB SAVED ME $ $ I COULD BUY 2 OF THESE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE FROM THE DEALER . QUITE THE BARGAIN
 I ca n't exactly tell , how much performance boost I got after installing this filter , since I do n't have any pre-install numbers to work with . So if your deciding factor is based on how much performance you will gain after installing this filter , my review is n't going to help . All I can say that it fits perfectly in my 94 E320 Sedan , It looks pretty solid/good and it 's priced right . My main reason for buying this filter was the fact that it can be resued over and over up to one million miles -LRB- according to K&N -RRB- , which is a lot of miles :--RRB- . So if you are trying to save money and do n't want to loose performance , this is the filter for you .
 I did not use these for motorcycle riding , but do use these on a daily basis -LRB- anywhere from 7-12 hours a day -RRB- on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier . They go through all sorts of hell and are still holding up great !
 Cool stuff!Tough , comfortable gloves for good ride!Great for windy conditions . Fit great!Perfect performance . Lookin good and very comfortable .
 The gloves fit great . The leather is soft and supple . It is not so thick as to hindled movements that can be a problem with most motorcycle gloves . I can pick up a nickel from the floor wearing these gloves !
 I added this to my 4.0 L Cam Tool Kit so that I could set both cams at this same time Worked like I wanted.good price very good tools
 I have used these gloves for the past two years and I have had no problems with them . Being perforated , they breath very well in hot weather . They are not meant for cold weather though . I have worn them a couple times in the 40 's and my fingers nearly froze off , but for hot weather , they ca n't be beat . My hands do not get hot and sweaty while wearing these . They are very comfortable , and have a knuckle guard built in . I need to order another pair only because my dog chewed the pinkie off one of them . I 'm 6 ' 2 180 and wear an XL .
 These are great ! The padding even helps with some of the vibration on my grips.I think maybe a fellow reviewer might have gotten a faulty pair . I use these everyday I ride -LRB- which IS everyday -RRB- and have n't noticed any stitching issues.Worth the money for me .
 I 've gone through several sets of riding gloves over the years and this has to be one the best ever ! Good fit , quality leather all around .
 These gloves are perfect for riding . They are very well made . I highly recommend these gloves if you ride a motorcycle .
 when i put on these gloves traffic stopsand i dominate the road with the mighty hands of zeus #true
 I 've used this gloves for almost 3 months now and I am very satisfied with them . As prior reviews say , this gloves form to your hands very nicely after a couple uses . The only thing missing is a connector to snap to your jacket .
 This item has a very good price . Unfortunately , I noticed too late , that the picture does NOT show the attachment pins . The OEM pins are destroyed to remove the old cables , so you have nothing to attach the new ones with . The attachment pins are obviously not available anywhere separately . Spend a bit more and find a cable WITH the attachment pin .
 I used it to seal a leak in my vehicle 's firewall - it did the job . One thing though , it 's pretty hard to work with at times , since it sticks to my fingers .
 both of my vapor barriers on my e39 were shot . installed the window weld , and so far , sooooo good . no more wet floor mats .
 Used to replace vapor seal on rear door of 2003 BMW 530i . Its a known problem for E39 's . Worked well . I had nearly 50 % left over for another job . The old sealer got on my hands and it a bear to get off . The backing tape of the new sealer makes the installation job much cleaner than the removal job . 4 star , only because I have nothing to compare it to .
 Hi , I just put these lites in my car fog lites . they are brite white lite ... mitsubishi diamante easy to put in . packageing is good .
 These fit my van pretty well . They are attractive and make the car look a lot newer . You can vacuum them pretty easily for spills . I 've had a little trouble keeping one of the arm covers on but other than that they are great .
 I 've got a isuzu NPR truck and needed to remove the wheels in order to service the brakes , the nature of the heavy duty truck meant the lugs were much larger than anything else in my tool collection and the inner rear wheels are retained by a set of lug studs with square heads , precisely what this tool is designed for . Got the wheels off and the brakes fixed . keeping this in the truck 's toolkit since none of the local tire-shops seem to have one either .
 The drum has larger cooling fins than the bottom of the line drums I got from the discount parts store .
 I am amazed at how well microfiber cloths clean with just plain water . I have had other microfiber cloths for years and thought they did a good job . These microfiber cloths , however , are even better . They 're a thicker , tighter weave . I use them on walls , woodwork , lawn furniture , and as dusting cloths . Just the cloth and hot water got marks off the lawn furniture that even spray cleaners could n't .
 These are very good in all respects . I got them on Gold Box for less , but I think I will buy another set at the current price.They wash up well , unlike some microfibers.As for the label ... it tears off completely with no fuss . The other review is rather lame in this !
 Great microfiber towels !! These are the good ones , not the junk from K-Mart or alike .
 LOVE IT !! Awesome company and a wonderful product . The company provides wonderful customer service . I would definatly order again , no question .
 If you are crazy about the New Orleans Saints ... as I am ... then you will love this license plate . The price is very affordable ... much less than what you will pay for the same NFL endorsed plate in a specialty shop featuring Saints stuff . It looks great on my car ... and everyone knows which team I 'm wild about supporting !
 This Saints License Plate arrived quickly , and it is of good quality and nice design . I would purchase it for a friend as a present .
 I love this Saints license plate , it 's a great way to show my Saints pride ! I also get compliments on it .
 This part is used on 1997 Oldsmobile minivan . I works well and fixes my van 's rough idle problem . It fits perfectly in place of the original part .
 I actually was looking for something like this lock , but it actually has too much space in between so it 's not thet tight so it makes some noises when I fall on a street bump or when going offroad . I 'm using it and it 's working perfectly , but I have to put something to make it stop making that horrible noise , but what the heck ... it 's a hell of a buy !
 These fit very well in my 2005 PT Cruiser . They seem darker though than the pictures , but that could vary by what monitor you 're looking at . Fits my needs well enough .
 It 's now December of 2010 and I bought these mats back in August of 2007
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 A great heavy duty drop light thats used every day in in automotive shop.I highly recommend this product .
 I can not speak to the quality of this Stant part .2008 Nissan Sentra - MR20DE Thermostat -LRB- ie . water inlet -RRB- While Amazon says this part fits my car , it does not . It is too deep to seat in the thermostat housing .
 I had no concept of how long this box was when I bought it . To give you an idea of how large this box is , it is as long as a twin bed and almost as wide . My roommate thought it was some sort of coffin when she saw it sitting on my bed . I bought this box because it was on sale and I was looking for a cargo box to carry skis/poles/boots or paintball equipment . This was overkill for what I needed . -LRB- Though probably still the cheapest option at the time . -RRB- Anywho , I own a 2002 Volvo V70XC and this box , though large , works fine . There is a slight overhang in the front to compensate for the clearance for the rear hatch , but nothing that compromises visibility . The only thing that is not so great is that it does not have any sort of quick release clamp system . It has the usual bolt/plate/nut getup . However , my boyfriend and I still installed it with minimal stress in 45 minutes . Our strategy was to pull the cross bars off of the car , attach them to the box -LRB- hand tight -RRB- and then lift the whole business onto the factory rails and adjust from there . It worked out great . No tools are needed for the installation aside from what they ship with the box.I would recommend this box for anyone who needs to double their car capacity -LRB- by volume -RRB- , but not for the average camper/skiier . It is a huuuuuuge box , and probably not worth the hassle if all you 're packing is a few pairs of skis or some sleeping bags and a tent .
 Excellent value . Large and holds lots of gear . Attaches very simply to the roof top crossbars on our Honda Odyssey . Can put it on or take it off in 10 minutes once I got the cross bars lined up and the cargo box assembled the first time !
 This is one of the best travel purchases we 've ever made . Very sturdy and roomy box . Traveling with infant twins means we take a lot of stuff along , and this box is the perfect answer . Love that it opens with very little movement to the rear , so you can put other object on the roof rack behind the box , yet still get into it .
 We were planning a camping trip 800 miles away , and with 5 kids , there 's just no way you can haul that much stuff in your minivan . This was the cargo box I settled on , and then Amazon had it on sale !!! When it arrived , I laughed because it looked so huge . But once on top of the van it looked just fine . We have a Sienna , and I fully expected this to cut down on our mileage on the trip ... but it did n't AT ALL !! I was very surprised by this , but I guess it is designed that way -LRB- and sitting up on a rack , the wind is not blocked but can move freely all around it -RRB- . This baby fit two tents , six sleeping bags , seven pillows , and then some . Would never have been able to do the trip without it !! Wish it came in something besides black , considering summer heat could bake your contents .
 My wife and I borrowed one of these from a friend for a vacation and liked it enough to buy the exact same model . We have used it dozens of times on 6 hour road trips between northern IL and central OH . We have also used it for a long road trip out to UT . It attaches to the crossbars on top of the Honda Odyssey very well . We had to adjust the placement of the two crossbars so that they would align with the ideal location on the Thule . The Thule also has adjustable locations if your crossbars are fixed . It has a large capacity and we usually fill the back of the van and the Thule when we travel . Having the Thule greatly improves travel comfort as we have more space in the van for a family of 6 . It is not easy to reach all areas of the Thule without opening the sliding door and standing on the captain 's chair . I think a car top carrier should be picked based on volume of cargo you plan to move and shape of the objects you may want to store . This one seems ideal for long skinny objects such as skis and ski poles . We have used it to transport wrapped christmas gifts , suitcases , pool and beach toys , and duffel bags . I 've never worried about the amount of weight , but we do usually put the heavier suitcases inside the van.It has a lock that came with two keys . It is water tight - we 've driven through rainstorms and our things have remained dry - though we do n't put things up there that we worry about getting wet -LRB- just to be safe -RRB- It is not the full width of the top of the van , so if you had a hookup to put a bike along side it , you probably could . I like that its not extremely wide because it would be even more difficult to reach to all parts inside of it . Usually takes two people to put up and take down -LRB- if you do n't want to scratch the van -RRB- . Once it is up , one person can do remaining work to get it fastened .
 worked well . kept our items dry . did n't seem to affect our gas mileage . liked that key has to stay in to lock . fit two large suitcases and a pack 'n play .
 Overall good product and service . The only thing lacking is the quick release clamps for securing it . Product did everything I needed it to .
 Pros-Audio quality is great with 4G iPod nano.Cons-It does n't charge any current or upcoming ipods or iphones .
 This item was purchased to replace a thermostat that was running hot on my 1998 C230 Mercedes with 130,000 miles on it . After installation my engine temperature is now a constantly just above 80 verse jumping around from very hot to very cold.I 've put 1000 miles on it and so far no problem.Mike
 As described & better than stock could ever be ... Pain to install with out `` Proper '' tools but can be done ... M. . . -LRB- EVIL ZJ -RRB-
 These are great seat covers . Look like leather and they are easy to install . I have n't had them long so I 'm not sure how they will hold up , but they look and feel like leather and are really nice looking and fit great I 'm going to buy the backseat covers next .
 This product is awesome , however on the description it says it attaches via velcro , ell the velcro did n't come in the box . So noway to attach my dashmat to my dash board .
 Got this for my new -LRB- used -RRB- SUV . Fits perfectly in the back of my 2009 lexus rx . Thick enough to do a great job , but thin and light enough that it 's easy to move should you wish . Keeps my plastic boxes and cargo organizers from sliding around . Contains spills , holds dirt from potted plants & pumpkins ... LOVE IT . The color is darker than the carpeting . I like this since it does not show every bit of dirt . A + .
 This mat conforms to and fits our 2009 Lexus RX 350 very well . It 's very thoughtfully been designed to fold up easily and allow access to the pop-up hatches in the rear of the cargo area -LRB- you can make out in the picture the cut-out portion in the upright part of the liner above the hinge for the pop-up doors -RRB- . Also has cut-outs for the tie-downs in the cargo area . Probably has between 0.5 '' and 1.0 '' of wiggle room , which is very slightly more than I would have liked -LRB- hence four stars -RRB- . Very heavy duty , thick plastic , but not so thick that you can stand it on edge when you 're not using it -LRB- it sags into a large roll if you try -RRB- .
 Purchased this item to make my own car iPhone/iPod connection . It worked great and was everything I expected . The iPhone 4S detects it just fine , charges just as normal , and sends audio perfectly . I 've got no static or noise of any kind . The connector is a clip in type so you 've got to press the sides of it to get it out , but it is n't bothersome.I 've since updated to a iPhone 5 and am waiting on an lightning adapter to test it . I expect no issues .
 I installed this on my 97 monte carlo and worked great . It was more than one . I think there were 10 in the package .
 not much you can say about a glass cleaner , except that it works very well and better than the store brands I have tried , and better than Windex , etc. . I loaned it to a fellow customer at the car wash and she loved it !!
 i 've used all kinds of spray-on cleaners in the past , and all have done an OK job . i bought this product several months ago , and was amazed.i used it inside and out on the windshield of my acura legend . it 's a replacement windshield , about 5 years old . i used a cheap microfiber cloth from costco with it.when i got back in the car , i was literally astounded . the windshield ** seemed invisible ** -- it was astonishing ! this is one of the few products i 've gone out of my way to recommend . -LRB- i have no connection with the company -RRB- . i 'm glad to know i can get this on amazon . i 'm going to start using it on the house windows , too . it 's great .
 I think this product is really good i got a free bottle at a car show and i love it it actually does make your glass look invisible great product .
 Definitely a great glass cleaner . Although use a nice micro-fiber rag . . It 's much better than windex : -RRB-
 I used this product for all the windows in my home . I love it . They are so clean and it is amazing . Used it for the cars also but this stuff is amazing .
 This stuff works . I first did a storm door window and the window to the inside door . Stepped back . Dang if it did n't look invisible ! Then did a storm window and inside windows . Same result ! Then used the auto component and did the car windows . Invisible ! My wife loves it since after 30 years of marriage , I am now washing windows ! And loving it ! Just did my car again getting ready for a road trip . I think it works better the more you use it .
 It should be called Magic Glass ! Streak free , ultra shiney ! I love it ! I bought 3 cans , one for the upstairs , one for the downstairs and one for the garage .
 We 've been extremely pleased with Stoner Glass Cleaner . It 's the best glass cleaner we 've used . It leaves no streaks whatsoever , and has a clean , pleasant aroma . Delivery was quick ; all cans arrived well-packed and in good shape . We will continue to purchase this product in the future .
 If you read and follow their directions carefully , you get incredible results . I saw it at Lowe 's Home Improvement and thought I 'd give it a try ... glad I did !
 I am so sold on this product . I just bought my first bottle about 8 months ago - pretty much expecting it to be like all the others-BOY was I surprised !! It actually left my mirrors and windows sparkly clean and streak free-did I say streak free?Yes , I did - I used to hate doing windows and mirrors-Now it is a pleasure , just knowing that they are not going to look the same or worse when I am finished . . It sounds corny but using this product makes my heart sing while I work away-I bought two bottles to take to my daughter to use and she ca n't stop calling to tell me , `` Mom , this stuff really does work !! Yes , I know . . I am giving the product as Christmas gifts to the women and men in my life who I know will appreciate it as much as I do ... I ca n't say enough good things about it ------ GREAT JOB STONER ...
 This is an excellent product . Truly leave no streaks and exceptionally clean glass . Highly recommend this to everyone who wants easy cleaning and fabulous results . Just try it !
 I did alot of research into several of these so called super-towels . I found the reviews on the Absorber to be more positive so I bought one.I am very particular about my cleaning and detailing supplies . I used to own my own moblie detailing business and I would only use the best and exclusive supplies.The Absorber exceeded my expectations . It works like no other towel that I have EVER used . It soaks up every single drop of water and leaves absolutely no streaks ! It 's like a sponge on steroids . It is the absolutely best towel that I have ever seen or used . It 's a bargin for ten bucks and works great . I ca n't say enough about it . I wish that I would have had several of these when I was in the detailing biz ...
 I love my Icon gloves ! They are very comfortable and I feel VERY secure when I wear them . The construction is very strong , and they have great protection over vulnerable parts of the hand.This is a great product and I recommend it highly !
 I 've read a lot of comments regarding the use of slotted rotors . I must admit that those comments made me somewhat skeptical about installing slotted rotors on my vehicles . Well , I have come to the conclusion that you shoud n't believe everything you read or hear . I installed the ATE PremiumOne rotors on the front and back of two of my vehicles and I could n't be happier with the results . Braking is considerably better than before . Maybe my rotors were just so darn bad that anything would have been an improvement but for me , the credit goes to the ATE PremiumOne rotors . The brake pedal pressure that I have to provide is far , far less than before and the stopping ability is easily recognized . They were perfectly matched to fit both my 2003 BMW X5 and my 2000 Ford F-150 Lariate . I am trying to purchase the ATE PremiumOne rotors for my 2007 BMW 650i but I can only find them for the rear . I 've done some research on ATE and realize that the rotors are manufactured under a well known , world wide reputable company - Continental . You might be one that listens to all of the hype about slotted rotors should only be used for track or competition driving and that they will eat up your pads , but even if I have to replace the pads yearly or even every six months , its all worth the exceptional response I am experiencing using these ATE PremiumOne rotors . Hey , do yourself a solid , try them out and search Amazon for amazing deals on them . And no , I do n't work for ATE nor Amazon , I 'm a Construction Manager by profession , and a weekend `` mechanic '' and car enthusiast by heart .
 Just the plate I wanted for my car . Dark green with the Eagles logo -LRB- letters -RRB- and the Eagle head . Cool !!
 Purchased this from Amazon due to the extremely reasonable price.The same one sells for the same price at RockAuto , but you 've got to pay shipping and tax . And do n't even bother going to a dealer.Item arrived in a timely fashion and I was surprised to see that it came with turn signal and headlight bulb . Was n't expecting that!Installation is super easy.The only problem is that the beam is not as focused compared to the OEM assembly .
 A deer had hit our car and took out the whole headlight on the driver 's side . Luckily that was the majority of the damage . Anyway , local parts stores wanted up to $ 175 for the headlight assembly . We looked on amazon.com and found the same product for much less . This product came to us quickly -LRB- before we went on vacation -RRB- and was a breeze to install . It fit perfectly ! The only bad thing I can say about it was that it made the other headlight look really dingy and old ! I definitely recommended it . Thanks .
 Pros
 This was exactly what I need in my 2002 Town & Country . Very easy to install , my van no longer has cataracts .
 Great purchase , came fast and even had the light bulbs in it , about a $ 15 alue . I called around town and the least expensive I could find was $ 159 . It did the job and saved me big time .
 TYC 20-6021-00 Dodge Passenger Side Headlight AssemblyMy headlight lens was cracked and collecting water inside . 2 '' deep and growing - thought about putting fish inside it as a joke ... anyway a while back I remembered when the mechanic changed the light bulb for me he said that the headlights on Caravans are self contained units now and to change the bulb you simply remove 3 screws , pull out the entire headlight assembly , undo the rubber socket and change the bulb . Well that means that headlight assembly is replaceable too!Sorry Chrysler ... this one was 1/4 the cost of a dealer installed headlight assembley and took me less than 10 minutes to accomplish .
 Overall , I love it ! It looks great and protects my car . It was not as easy to install as I had thought , only because it is very tight fitting , however after driving for a week or so , I find that other areas are quite loose . No flapping whatsoever ! Great look !
 This front end cover fits snugly and protects new Ford Mustang . The only reason I can not give it a 5 star rating is it is very difficult to put on the car as it took more than an hour to put it on .
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 This was the first time I used chains , they were for a Hyundai Accent front wheel drive they were extremely easy to install and to remove even though I did it in the middle of a snow storm ... I will however recommend that you wear a long sleeve cheap jacket and wear craftman style gloves -LRB- bulky gloves will get in the way -RRB- because the tirewell is obviously dirty/muddy and to hook the inside of the tire link could be a bit tricky ... not too bad though.I had to go off the site to the manufacturers website to get the correct sizing , minor inconvenience no problem because this way I got the right product.I highly recommend this product ! thanx for reading my review
 I have had other chains in the past and they got tangled easily , however when I took these chains out they were not as much of a pain to put away . It helps having a hardplastic case with handle for storing it . They also came with rubber gloves for when you decided to put them on , you will not have the grease , mud roadway salt and car fluids on your hands after application . I have not gotten the chance to use these yet because my VW Golf has been great in the snow this season , but so far I am happy with the construction of these chains especially for the price . I looked for these in store at Les Schwab and they were twice as much . I will update once I have used them .
 These tire cables by Security Chain Company are well-designed and easy to install . I will be interested in their durability , but hope that I rarely have to use them .
 Bought for back tires of my RWD Jeep Cherokee for 5am commutes in snowy NJ . Easy to install but practice putting them on a few times before winter so you can get the hang of it . Make sure you have a good set of work gloves nearby too.Con
 nice chains . z-shape works great to be quite on the road , at least not as loud as regular chains . The install was not as easy as in the video , but still good .
 Easy to install and remove SCC Shur Grip Z . The only problem I found was with the case it comes with , once you get the chains out good luck putting the chains back in the case . Other than that , really a good set of chains .
 I did n't get to use them much , but the little bit I did , they worked well . Installed in about 5 minutes . The only problem was the sizing . If they would have been just a little bit bigger , they would not have worked . I probably could have used the next size smaller and been better off . The case they come in is just a little tool small . It 's like sitting on the suitcase to get it closed .
 Security Chain Company SZ335 Shur Grip Z Passenger Car Traction Chain - Set of 2I used it after the purchase . It worked fine . Very easy to put on and take off . The traction is better and also quieter -- much better than my old set snow chains .
 Critical to these working is getting the `` rubber band '' on tight and spread out across the whole tire . -LRB- Can take some umph and gloves are recommended ! -RRB- I wish the things that hold the band and the steel wire together were somehow stuck on the `` rubber band '' permanently as they fall off easily when not on the tire and just missing 1 out of the 6 can lead to untaught conditions . -LRB- Hey Shur - do n't be cheapstakes and pack a couple extra in the box -RRB- . My first time using these I had the fortunate case to be able to put them on in my nice dry garage so I was able to take my time and figure it out .
 It was my `` first time '' using tire chain just a few days ago . I was driving around Lake Tahoe area both in local and on freeway . It was easy to install and remove the tire chain . You can install it without moving the tire , and it was quit easy to connect the cable on inside of tire . Try to practice using it `` before '' the trip . It was a very important advice from my friends.The most difficult part is getting the tire chain around the tire . You may prepare a tool to grip the tire chain , as you see in the product video . It helps a lot . Connect inside cable `` before '' connect both outside cable , it will make the inside cable connection much easier to be done.While using the tire chain , because of rubber , the tire chain never loose and require any adjustment.The car 's speed limit is 30mph with chain , but I push it over 45mph with the tire chain . It works ok for a while , but the rubber snap after I push it too hard . :-LRB- It is a good idea to carry some extra rubber cord with you . I just happen to have extra one in the middle of nowhere . :-RRB- Thanks God.I give it 4 starts because its rubber snaps from it . However , it was part of my fault .
 There are a confusing array of tire chains/traction control devices on the market , and even this particular company makes so many different models that it 's hard to tell which ones are the best . Here 's what you need to know about chains and traction control devices , and why I like the ones made by SCC . I also include some installation hints at the bottom of this review.There are two broad types of traction control devices
 This is the first time I tried any tire chain . After reading my Subaru Forester 2008 -LRB- AWD -RRB- manual , I researched and found that SZ335 meets the specifications - both size wise and the SAE Class `` S '' . Surprisingly , according to manual event though my Subaru is AWD , it requires chains only on front wheels.The instructions are clear enough , although they should have made it extra clear 1 . by giving hints on the picture as to which side of the tire is on which direction relative to you and 2 . by providing extra pictures of some keywords they use - bushing , C hook etc. . Not that these are hard to figure out but every bit helps when you are out there in cold , snow , sleet etc.Handling the chains and putting them on the tire and using the rubber tightener were simple and easy . For the first time it took me ridiculously short time - less than 10 minutes for both chains together . Taking them apart was simple and took perhaps not even 1 minute each tire.These chains came in a box rather than a bag . A bag would have been more flexible . Putting them back in the box was slightly challenging and perhaps the hardest part of the whole exercise !! I 'd recommend taping the instructions sheet on the inside of the box so it does n't fly away while you are installing the chains.I also commend SecureChain company for having video on their web-site . I am yet to try the chains in a really icy , tricky situation but I feel very confident they will work very well .
 Unlike some of the other reviews , this one is specific to this product and to the point . I 've used these cables for over a year on my Saturn in Big Bear , CA . Installation is pretty easy with just a little practice . No readjusting after installation ; a real plus . Be careful not to spin the tire on acceleration ; the hook on the inside can release and the chain will pop off . The rubber tightener is cracked , but has not broken ; makes me nervous . The traction coils are wearing well , even with quite a lot of bare-pavement driving . The side cables appear to be untwisting , making the whole unit prone to knotting itself up and more difficult to install , -LRB- after a lot of use . -RRB- These cables have destroyed my plastic hub caps . Despite some problems , these cables are superior to conventional chains and I would buy them again .
 I ordered a set of these just before the snow got deep in our area and I have only used them once . A very interesting experience . I had given a lot of thought to which chains to buy before the purchase but I still learned a lot from just that one use.First , you DO NOT want to pay extra to get the manually tightened Z-Chain . I had to put these on in the snow the first time I put them on and believe me , it was hard enough WITH the rubber tighteners . Cops , mail carriers , emergency vehicles and the like may prefer the Z-Chain for their long-term durability , but I 'm willing to bet that they all have nice , dry , heated garages in which to install the chains . They may need to adjust the chains now an then in the field , but they are n't pulling them out of the trunk AFTER they get stuck . When that happens to you , you do n't want to mess with having to re-tighten them once you get them on.Second , you really SHOULD take the time to put even these supposedly easy to install chains on your vehicle at least once on a dry flat surface during the day . I had to use them for the first time at night with snow caking the tire wells . NOT FUN AT ALL . You just wo n't know where the tight spots are in your wheel well or how to identify the different connectors on the chain until you actually put them on . On my van you need to turn the wheel to get enough access and you can easily tangle the line on the suspension if you are not careful . It would have been nice to know that in advance.At least the rubber tighteners worked well . Once you get them connected they are self-centering . I would recommend getting a spare set just in case.The third revelation I had was that the plastic case the `` Sur-Grip Z '' chains come in is very disappointing . On mine the plastic is warped so the latches just wo n't stay closed . I got a great price on them , but I would recommend spending a few extra bucks and getting the Super Z , if possible.I would also recommend rinsing the chains off in water after you use them and letting them dry before putting them back in the case . Mine have accumulated some rust because I did n't wash off the salt . On the other hand I have decided that rather then put them in the case between uses , it is better to keep them spread out on plastic in the back of my car . My cases do n't shut , so I figured , why not have them ready to use at all times.Finally , I was surprised by how effective they are in DEEP snow , and how INEFFECTIVE they are in light snow . On roads with less than 2 '' of fresh snow they provide less traction than ordinary all season tires . The only thing that might make them safe is that they make so much noise and vibration you wo n't be tempted to exceed 35 mph . However on roads with more then 3 '' of snow cover they work wonderfully . Everything smooths out and you find that the traction is the same as it was in lighter snow . Just to see if I could , I tackled one of the steepest hills in our area both uphill and down with only minor slippage . I would n't have made it up at all without the chains and I 'd have have slid into the intersection -LRB- or the curb -RRB- on the way down without them . So I would say they are for what you think they are for
 I have used this twice . The first use was in Jan 2008 . It was a very heavy snowstorm -LRB- dumped 5-7 ft of snow -RRB- . I had one of the chain installers put on the chain on my van for a fee . -LRB- money well spent -RRB- I kept the chain on for 2 days and drove on both snow-covered and cleared road . I did n't have any problem at all . The second time was in Mar 2008 , it was a light storm and again it was put on by an installer and I kept he chains on for a day . Again , no problem .
 I have used them once so far . Quality is good and they do work well , but it 's a pretty rough ride on cleared roads . They are a pain to put on and not quite so bad to take off , but plan on getting full of snow as you put them on or take them off . Put a set in your trunk along with a good pair of gloves and avoid using them if at all possible . But if you get caught away from home and really need to get back after a snow storm , they are wonderful . Also , if you use them in salt conditions , be sure to rinse them off and hang them up to dry before putting them away or they will rust . Doubt if it hurts anything , but the rust stains look bad . I would also recommend putting them on sometime before you need to so that you get a feel for what all is involved . Much of my frustration could have been avoided if I had tried them on in better weather before I actually needed them .
 These chains allowed us to chug up and down the ice-covered hills between us and the rest of civilization . They are reasonably easy to get on and off -LRB- they get easier as they are used -RRB- , and they provide a staggering amount of additional traction . They even help in the mud left behind when the ice melts . The manual recommends that you practice putting them on and taking them off in the comfort of your garage before you actually need them , and I heartily agree.IMHO , considering the cost , they chain set should come with some extras for the yellow tensioner clips , and probably at least one extra tensioner band . These items are more likely to be misplaced than broken , but either event will leave you with a useless set of chains .
 Easy to install and work great . If a person needs to use chains they should n't be driving fast , so I do n't get why goof balls complain about them coming off at high speeds . If the written installation instructions have you confused , just visit the company 's website to view a video -LRB- it 's easier -RRB- . Most of the time my 4 wheel drive is enough but when it is n't , these have always got me out of those tuff spots , like the snow storm I drove into out in the midwest . I 'd suggest practice putting them on before you really need them .
 Putting the chains on after carefully reviewing the instructions is , as mentioned , quite easy.Biggest hassle may be , as mentioned , getting them back into the box they came in . It can be done if you are careful , etc. , but when they are filled with snow , ice , dirt , it may be a little more of a struggle.Chains themselves are GREAT !
 I bought the same snow cables from a very nice man named The Highway man . I drove out to his shop in el cajon , ca and he sized my tire and taught me how to install the chains myself . This kind of old fashioned service just ca n't be found anywhere else . Look him up by searching for snowtraction.com or the highway man ... Without his knowledge and help I would have found myself with the wrong sized cables possibly in a bad situation . Thanks Highwaywman
 Furtunately , I have not had to use them yet , but they are exactly what I ordered and expected and they were priced right with a rapid delivery . Thanks
 This product has a very small storage profile and takes about 5 minutes to install . Not only does it provide great traction , but it is nearly impossible to get stuck in snow or on ice , provided you do n't try to drive like an idiot . Best product on the market from my experience .
 The cables fit my tires . With any luck I will never find out how well they work.I bought an extra rubber tightener set in case something breaks or gets lost .
 My husband and I were so happy to have these when we went to the mountains this past holiday . But as a word of caution , please please read the instructions before you must use them . If possible , try a test run . We had to put them on as the sun was setting in slushy conditions.I suggest laying them out on the ground and rolling the wheels on top . Not so easy to &#34; whip &#34; them around the wheel . You will get dirty so have work gloves .
 2012 holidays , I used it five days in Tahoe during Christmas that makes me feel safe . Definitely I love it .
 Living in San Diego I never had the need to even think what kind of snow chains to purchase . I owned a set of Shur Grip Z cables 10 years ago when I took my old Jeep to Sequoia National Park 3 winters in a row . They performed well then so needless to say this brand name was fresh in my mind when we decided to take a trip to Mammoth , CA over Christmas 2012 . Unfortunately , this time I had to purchase a different set to fit my Lexus RX 330 . We decided to take a road trip a la Mitt Romney so we tied up our dog to the car roof and off we went . -LRB- the advantage of extreme cold temperatures is that the diarrhea freezes and it 's much easier to clean up ! -RRB- . We were snowed in twice and despite a great job by the road cleaning city crew we needed to use the chains throughout our stay . Very easy to put them on and take them off . Great performance and traction . They lived up to my expectations .
 You still have to get down and wet putting them on but once on they do the job as intended .
 the use for this chain has not happended yet so i keep this in my car and wait for the snow
 I put them on the car inside the garage . I was worried that it would be difficult with the lengthy instructions that came with them . But as it turns out they were very easy to put on and remove . Granted , I was n't out in the freezing cold in mud and snow , but they went on and off nicely . I really cant rate their performance in use though because , fortunately , I havent had to use them yet . Thanks for the prompt shipment too .
 Went on a winter road trip a few weeks back and the forecast called for a ton of snow and ice . Well , good thing the weather man messed up because we did n't encounter any snow or ice . So , having said that i can not write a review based on performance of the SCC Shur Grip traction chains.So , I shall base my review based on how easy the Shur Grips were to install . Before taking off on my epic roadtrip I heeded sound advice and did a test fit of the chains and learned how to mount them . I have NEVER used snow chains before . These were a piece of cake to install ! It took me less than 5 minutes . It did n't seem possible but they really are that easy to put on . The SCC Shur Grip company website offers some instructional videos on how to use the chains.The chains came with tensioners included . Which is good because I would n't have known that I needed them until it 's too late . The whole setup fits snugly in its included hard sided storage case.My only question is why are they called chains ? they are really just cables with hundreds of washer looking things . They are not made of the inter connected links normal people think of when using the word `` chain . ''
 Package opens easily with scissors or a box-cutter . Cables are well packed and clearly labeled for correct side placement . Cables are easily placed on the tire , and the included chain rubber tighteners worked perfectly . Driving through snow with these cables feels as if there is more traction in comparison to standard link tire cables . No adjustments needed after several miles of driving . Illustrated directions make installation simple and easy . The fit was perfect , unlike the previous standard link tire cables owned . I would recommend this product for anyone who may be caught in the snow .
 I use these on my wife 's Honda CR-V . We live at 7000 feet so they are often needed when it snows since she does n't have snow tires . They are easy to install after you 've practiced it in your garage a few times . I never pay for them to be installed at the chain check points -LRB- $ 30 !!! -RRB- and I get it done much faster than the other civilians .
 I purchased these for my Chevy Uplander . The first thing I did was jack up the front end and install these to test for fit . They seem to fit well and not interfere with any equipment so I drove to the end of the street and back . All in all , it is a good product . Still need to get out on snow however.My biggest challenge came when putting them back in the box . After talking to SCC , I recommend the following : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Lay the first chain out flat -LRB- 2 -RRB- Fold in half bringing one end of the chain over to the other end . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Repeat -LRB- 1 -RRB- & -LRB- 2 -RRB- with the second chain on top of the first . -LRB- 4 -RRB- At this point it should appear to be four half-lengths of z-chain stacked nicely . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Make sure the case is open and empty . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Being careful not to pinch fingers , bunch the cross cables together , lift , and place in the box with the middle of the cross cables lined up with the middle of the box . The ends WILL overhang . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Starting on one side of the box , fold the radial cables into the box . -LRB- 8 -RRB- Repeat with the other side . -LRB- 9 -RRB- Twist and fold the tension bands , collect the gloves , and place them in the middle void left between the radial cables . . on top of the cross cables . -LRB- 10 -RRB- Fold the box close ; force the radial cables into the box starting on one side and finishing with the other . -LRB- 11 -RRB- Make sure the box is closed with the lip of the bottom half resting inside the upper half . -LRB- 12 -RRB- Make sure the latches are secured.Practice ! Practice ! Practice!There will be nothing like standing on the side of a road on a dark cold snowy night trying to figure out how to install and remove the chains for the first time . And watch the videos . They make it look as easy as it is.Update : Nifty trick for keeping the box closed . Rip cut two pieces of 3 '' x 1 '' cardboard . . if you 're shopping at Amazon , you should have some around . Fold it in thirds and smash it down to a flat piece 1 '' x 1 '' . Insert the two pieces of cardboard in the latch to force it to stay secure . It should hold quite well .
 Make sure you go to SCC 's website and watch the install video and use/download their tire size cross reference chart for correct fit . I compared at other sites and they did n't always list the correct item for my tires . This version installed easily and tightened up well with the INCLUDED rubber tensioners . I have n't needed to use them yet , but did a test fit to make sure . I can see where clearance to the running gear/wheel well could be an issue with non cable-chains and no tensioner , but these are about as snug to the wheel as you can get . I bought two sets for my 4wd while they were on sale .
 After putting them on a couple times I can open the door , put the chains on , and close the door in under 3 minutes.Much easier to put on than the poorly made cable chains that are typically sold along the highway.I put them in one of those big blue ikea bags so I do n't have to struggle with getting them in and out and also so I have something to kneel down on when putting them on.I should dock a star for the fact that they come in a case that I could n't even get them back in the first time .
 LOVE these chains they are so easy to put on . I have helped so many other people who get stuck by just slipping it under the wheel . I actually sold my car a year after I bought these but I kept the chains -LRB- though they do n't fit my new rig -RRB- because I love them so much !
 The shipping was swift and the dashmat fit my car perfectly , it was a very good experience .
 Got 2 of these for a complete rear strut job on a 90 toyota corolla . Check yours first before replacing them as you old/current ones may still have some life left but if you need them or just want to do it all in one go , them get these . They work and are of good quality !
 Exactly what I ordered . I am a huge fan of Betty Boop . I would definitley recommend to any B.B. fan .
 I recieved puller in a couple days and worked great , very high quality . Cheapest price I found . I highly recommend it .
 Excellent price and quality . Used it 4 times already to remove the primary clutch on my 2010 Brute 750 . I 'd recommend this to anyone .
 I put these on my 1999 Accord V6 and the fit and finish of the product were excellent and a great alternative to the OEM product that is more expensive . I am a detail oriented person and would n't hesitate to use this item again . More than a year later they are still working like new .
 Purchased the wires for my 1999 Honda Accord Lx coupe V6 with NGK Spark Plugs . They fit to exact specs and quality was really nice not your typical Local store wires . The color is great and the price was even better . Very Happy with the purchase .
 Used these plug wires to give my 1999 Honda Accord a tune up and they 're fantastic . They look great and perform equally as well !
 I purchased the Monroe 902911 Strut-Mate Strut Mounting Kit . I had no problem having this product installed and works well . Amazon provided Good quick service .
 This flywheel is just the right balance of weight to maintain a smooth operating engine while improving throttle response.This was used on a Subaru Outback 2006 with a 2.5 L non-turbo engine .
 Bought an ACT flywheel , installition was easy , and simply now my little suby gets off the line like stig ! Yay
 Hello all , As some would know the 1999-2001 Subaru impreza RS 2.5 L sohc has head gasket leaking problems . So I decided with little hesitation to go with an Exedy clutch set , ACT flywheel , Felpro headgasket set along with milling , and porting the heads while they were off the block . other random parts -LRB- ex . slave cylinder -RRB- from local part stores for upgrade/replacement -LRB- most purchased on amazon -RRB- . I 'm on 109.8 miles after my complete top end rebuild , replacing my stock flywheel with the ACT upgrade and exedy clutch set . I remember why I spent 4 months finding my car after this rebuild . In a nutshell , great rpm rev the computer handles it well did n't throw codes . If you are looking for a great feel and response for your daily driver , or when you feel the need to slam the transmission so hard it may cry ... Try this set out . Yes I went with a stock clutch set so I wo n't speak about dual disk exc . However after feeling stock vs this combo go together ... I would n't waste my money especially if your using a fairly stock setup.Thank you for reading .
 Very good filter . The fit on my 650 vstrom is perfect . The engine seems to breath easier and acceleration is better . The material seems very sturdy and I tend to believe the manufacturer claim that this is a lifetime filter . Worth the relatively high price . I should not need to buy another air filter again .
 really i didnt feel a difference between this filter and the stock one . they importante thing is with this i diont have to buy any other filter ever and is really easy to clean , the problem is to take it out of the vstrom .
 &Eacute; um produto excelente , porem o modo como &eacute; vendido , que no aprovo . A legislao brasileira isenta de impostos de importao produtos com valor inferior a USS 50,00 e me foi cobrado o imposto na fonte .
 For the price I paid this is a great deal . No better than stock really in my 07 DL1000 but the fact I can re-use it is awesome . Price was good on Amazon too !
 Quick and easy to order , beat searching around shops that carry this not so common filter . Looking forward to the performance improvements !
 This is my first K&N filter . I purchased it because it 's reusable , saving money and the environment because I can just cleaned and re use it instead of tossing it out . It was $ 10 more then the paper filter but one cleaning and it 's a saving investment . I also found that my V-Strom 1000 ran much better , smother and more power with this filter . Of course , I was replacing an old and dirty paper filter , so it 's not an apples to apples comparison but I am happy with the K&N and would buy it again . Service from Amazon was great as usual .
 I replaced my stock cotton filter on my 2008 DL1000 with this K&N ; at about 50k miles . I 'd cleaned the old filter several times but I figured it was time for an outright replacement . This K&N ; obviously allows the engine to breathe much better because I can now twist the throttle more in the higher gears before I get into `` engine-knock zone '' . Since I only ride on-road , we 'll see if that 50k cleaning interval is true or not . I had to clean my OEM filter every 15k or so . Strom owners know what a pain it is to extract the air filter from the clutches of that bike ...
 I hope to increase my fuel mileage with this filter , I now get 60 hoping to get about 63MPG WOW Nice mileage for a 2011 Suzuki V-Strom 650
 If you are like me and you bought your car used VW without floor mats then you may be familiar with the frustration of trying to replace them . No longer available from the dealer , the oem mats are only available used at a price way higher than these . After trying several different generic fit and cut to fit mats I still could not get mats that fit properly . The contours needed are to aggressive and I could not trim enough to keep the mats flat on the ground . The other issue I personally had was all of the other mats were too long and I no longer had the clearance for the clutch pedal . Sounds strange but it 's true . I wore a hole through one mat in a matter of weeks due to this . These mats are cut perfectly , In my car they match the contours just right , finally the mats can sit flush on the floor . They also stop right before the clutch pedal so my aforementioned issue is now a distant memory . Not only do they avoid the problems of the generic mats but they also cover more area of the floor which is great . You ca n't go wrong with these mats . The material is n't all that great but it 's still better than the auto part store mats . I can only imagine the higher end options offered are far superior in feel and quality . But these get the job done for a fair price , I am pleased with these .
 Used this on a week backpacking trip on the A.T , worked great . the thing is tough and I had no problems whatsoever . 100 ounces is a lot of water and I would n't consider filling up the whole thing mostly because it then becomes a real drag to carry . I usually kept around eighty or ninety ounces in it , It will be seeing a lot more use soon . Great product !
 Very nice units -LRB- I bought two -RRB- but did n't come with the threaded rod to hold them on .
 Was asked for as a Christmas Present . He was very excited to get it and happy with the quality . Thank you .
 Keyless remote requires a bit of advanced work . I found wiring color codes for my F150 on Bulldogs website and double checked them on google . Once you know what type of locking system you have , it 's a breeze . The hardest part is finding the proper loom under the dash and getting the space to work on it . I pre marked all my wires and 15 minutes after UPS delivered it , in was installed and functioned perfectly . I get about 75 ft range from any direction . TIP . . If you ca n't read a wiring diagram and understand how 12 volt DC systems work , this product is probably not for you ... go to a dealer and spend $ 300 .
 Installed this on my 2004 Civic . It was n't too hard to install . The wires in the car are small gauge though , so that made it more difficult . Good price . Key fobs are solid . Works good .
 I put this on my 1990 toyota 4runner , it was easy enough . Their web site had the wire color codes and the door lock relay was easy to find , right about the fuse box under the drivers side dash . I get great range with this , I can lock and unlock my doors from about 75 feet or so from my car . I only set it up to lock and unlock , that was really all I needed it to do , I might do some other stuff like the light flash or something with the horn later if I have time to waste .
 Iuse to pull everything out of my truck every night , both my doors wo n't work with the key to lock or unlock , so I installed the Bulldog keyless entry system now my doors lock.Thanks you Bulldog Keyless system.Great product , Great price .
 I installed it on a 1933 Ford street rod to control door solinoids & deck lid . It was easy to hook up & worked just as I had wanted it to . very pleased .
 Quality product for the cost . Easy to install with decent instructions . Would recommend for simple installation features for those who want to simply have keyless entry .
 There are certainly a lot of options to consider in a universal keyless entry system . The folks at Bulldog did a very thorough job of explaining the options and how to hook things up . Mine worked the first time and was very easy and logical to follow the directions .
 I used this product in conjunction with the door-lock kit to have keyless entry in a 91 Geo Metro . . Worked perfectly !!
 The advertising states a range between 10 and 15 feet , but I 've been getting an average of 50 feet -LRB- 5 parking spaces -RRB- . The transmitter battery lasted for about a year and a half with still a few parking places of range on it . I rated it only 4 stars , because these units have a habit of deteriorating over time due to climatizing of the receiver unit and the components . -LRB- I found this out later -RRB- . It never goes below freezing here , but it does get to the mid 90 's . True to form , a few months ago the starter disable circuit stopped working . I had to crawl under the dash and rewire the starter circuit to bypass the receiver so I could start my car . If you did n't install the unit yourself , you will probably need a repair shop to do this for you . Most wo n't come out to your vehicle , so you are probably in for a tow to their shop - unless you 're lucky enough to have a stick shift so you can get a push and `` pop '' the clutch.Since the remote door lock circuitry and the alarm circuitry still work , I 'll keep the unit until I can find a more reliable unit.If I knew the unit would deteriorate so soon , I probably would not have purchased it . And now I would re-rated it a 3-star from a 4-star .
 I purchased this unit for use on a 1997 Toyota T100 . I chose the Bulldog after reading other reviews -LRB- googled product -RRB- and because of the OEM look of the remotes . I received it 3-days after ordered ... FAST ! The installation instructions were fairly easy to understand , giving a website where any other needed information -LRB- wiring diagrams for specific vehicles -RRB- . The total install took about 45 minutes , taking my time and NOT doing the parking light flash install . The range is excellent on the remotes .
 Makes me laugh how some of you guys had difficulty installing this . I read your posts .1 -RRB- You should know how to read electrical diagrams2 -RRB- You can remove underdashboard cover without difficulty3 -RRB- Can solder wires at least4 -RRB- can follow or visualize mistake in instructions.I have this for a year now in November 2011 , and still works as if its new . The remote controller sometimes malfunction , but i noticed that it was a loose battery when it gets bumped . I cut up a piece of foam and it solved the disconnection . It works at 400-500ft open range.GOOD LUCK , ask me if you encounter a pblm . Use a T-harness if possible to make install easier . But then you hv to know where it gets connected . Be safe , give it another chance this time be complete with all u need like Car Manual .
 This was a life saver for me . My key had begun to to work and I was having to unlock my car from the passenger side and crawl over . Then that one did the same thing , so I no longer have to worry about safety issues and getting into my car.Thanks
 The programming instructions for the second remote that came with it are out of date too . To pair it , simply hold the working remote 's lock button for 10 seconds -LRB- you 'll hear the doors lock , and then another lock attempt after 10seconds . Then on the second remote , press and hold lock on that one . Almost instantly , you 'll here another lock attempt on the already locked doors . Release the lock button . The second remote is now paired .
 Easy to install in my 95 Jeep Grand Cherokee . Has excellent range and comes with two remotes . Great bang for the buck .
 Good quality keyless entry . It took about 90 minutes to install . Instructions were clear , but please do n't attempt to install this device yourself if you know nothing about automotive wiring.I installed the computer box under the fusebox behind the parking brake . I have n't tested the range of the keyless remotes , but since I usually unlock my doors from 5-10 feet away it is n't a problem.Been a week now and the system 's working great . I suspect most of the negative reviews about this product have to do with an error in installation or a dead battery in the remote .
 I feel that this kit is a bit pricey for what it is but I guess it is more to do with the name . I know Bulldog is not the best but they are well known and offered at many retail stores . I am glad I had a chance to try there product because I use their online wiring resources all the time!I got ta give it to them they are very good when it comes to documenting but I was kind of disappointed with the actual alarm . The main unit seems cheap , when I was plugging in the harness the main board moved from it 's place and felt loose inside the housing . I recommend when you plug in the harness do it with much care . The key fobs are just poor.All said and done the system works very well , I did n't use two of it 's features like a starter kill -LRB- why it is in the key less entry system ? -RRB- , and Trunk open . It was a quick and simple job thanks to the documentation , much better then some kits that only include a three page booklet where you have to figure stuff out yourself .
 Nothing really exciting to note . The toughest part was finding the correct wires in the car . I installed in a 2002 Honda Accord LX and it was pretty simple . Initially when I put it in using mechanical connections it was doing some pretty weird things , but when I soldered the wires , it started working perfectly . I 'll probably end up adding an extra relay to enable flashing lights to confirm because it 's really hard to tell if you actually lock the car unless you 're standing right next to it .
 I recently installed this and I must say it is perfect for what I wanted . My car came with remote open and close door function which for some reason decided to stop working . This bull Dog product was easy to tap into the factory circuitry and took less than an hour to install . Also the starter immobilizer feature is a big plus to have on any vehicle .
 Installed basic unit along with trunk release relay , all together it took about 3-4 hours . Instructions were fairly good although the wiring diagram for the trunk release relay 775 were incorrect in the instructions included with the main unit . The instructions and wiring diagram for the 775 relay on the website are correct . Unit works great and the range is good , only tried up to 50 ' so far but it works well at that range .
 The Bulldog Keyless Entry system is a quality product that works great and has room for expansion other than just remotely unlocking doors and trunk . Works great . My daughter loves it on her car .
 The 95 Accord I recently purchased had standard power locks . However , the driver 's door had been tampered with to the point that the cylinder was totally disconnected from the lock , forcing me to have to go around and unlock from the passenger 's side every time . Needless to say , this was quite annoying . After considering trying to fix the mechanical parts , I stumbled across this unit and figured it would be a cheap , practical way to bypass the problem entirely while adding more overall convenience to the vehicle . Amazon delivered it promptly as always , and it was exactly as described and pictured . I chose to install only the basic lock/unlock functionality as I have no need for light flash , starter kill , etc. . So far the unit performs perfectly in this capacity . Range is at least 25-30 feet , even without the antenna wire installed in a straight line as they suggest . The remotes seem to be high quality
 Very cheap , easy to install keyless entry . The only thing holding it back from 5 stars it that out of the box , the range was horrible -LRB- 10-15ft . -RRB- Not sure if this is a problem with old batteries , or if it just has poor range.Update
 The unit was easy to test and install and has a range of about 100 feet.For basic testing , temporarily connect the power and ground wires and listen to internal relay clicks while pressing lock and unlock buttons on one of the remotes.To get a good range , it is important to place the antenna wire as close as possible to the top surface of the dashboard so that there is no or little metal between the antenna and the dashboard plastic.The package includes a relay for `` starter kill '' . If you do not need that function , you can use the relay to take advantage of other capabilities that require a separately purchased relay -LRB- e.g. , parking light lock/unlock confirmation -RRB- . The instructions in the documentation for pairing the second remote are apparently outdated . Here is a modified version that worked for me . Press and hold the `` lock '' button on an already paired remote for about 10 seconds until you hear an internal relay click inside the unit . Release the button on the first remote . Press and hold `` lock '' on the remote being paired . You should hear another click in the unit almost immediately . Release the button . The second remote should now work with the unit .
 The install in our new Camry was straightforward enough , especially with all the info available on Bulldog 's website . I elected to solder connections to make them more secure , though . The trouble is that it quits working from time to time -LRB- and it 's not working now ! -RRB- , and so far it 's been a grounding problem . I followed the directions for grounding explicitly , but this time I think I 'll go for the fuse block or a soldered connection to an existing ground wire . I 'll revise this review if it turns out to be something besides a grounding problem.Those troubles aside , the system has worked flawlessy . Range has not been the problem that other reviewers seemed to have trouble with .
 Bought this for a base Toyota Camry that had powered locks but no factory remote . A dealer will gladly sell me the factory receiver for $ 275 and two remotes @ $ 80 each !!! Umm , no thanks . I 'm quite confident with installation -LRB- numerous car stereos , a couple of remote starts over they years -RRB- so I looked for other options and decided on the 1702 . Using the diagrams and instructions on their website which tells where the correct wires are located in the vehicle and correct color helped me immensely . I read these all ahead of time while waiting on shipping so I literally had a working keyless entry system in less than 30 minutes -LRB- start to finish -RRB- when it arrived ! But ... . I only installed the door lock/unlock feature and skipped the starter immobilizer option -LRB- relay included -RRB- . Because of this , I only needed to hookup 5 wires
 At first I did not like the fact that the unit does not have on-board relays for the parking lights . Then I remembered that all the previous units I have installed that had the on-board relays have given me trouble.If you are looking for a simple keyless entry with as few wires as possible , this is for you.I had the most complex door locks -LRB- Ford -RRB- that required me cutting the wires , but that was only 4 wires , and then there are the 2 power wires and a ground.Pretty simple for an vehicle that does not have factory alarm . The unit has a wire for factory alarm if you need it.Most cars with factory alarm already have keyless entry , so not an issue.Good Price .
 Wanted a cheap solution for a 2002 RAV4 with power everything but no keyless entry . This worked great ! Quick install , easy wiring , and small footprint . Doesnt have an easy way to implement a signal like horn or lights going off when unlocking and locking but for $ 40 its ok . For those interested in how I did it ... check this site . -LSB- ... -RSB- Once in a while the keyless remote takes a few pushes to work and the range is decent -LRB- 20 - 30 ft -RRB- Overall happy !
 For the price you cant go wrong . It either works or doesnt work but for $ 40 its worth a shot.A few things we found ... This is a simple keyless entry . There are no bells and whistles to this product . It simply locks and unlocks your doors . No horn chirp to signal it is locked and no flash of your lights . All of those features can be added but you must buy additional products to do so ... . something I missed when ordering this product.The remote has a somewhat cheap feel about it ... . but again ... . for the price it is fine . Working distance seems pretty good.Installation takes some time . Probably helpful to know what your doing . Google definitely comes in handy.Also , this keyless entry will immobilize your vehicle if you do not use it to unlock it when you used it to lock the doors . Perhaps a nice feature until the battery in your remote goes dead.Overall ... happy with the product . For the price it was worth the purchase .
 This is a great product once installed . It works well & receives the signal from the remote for quite a distance . Instructions for installation could be better . Even though I had installed one before I had difficulty with it because of the lack of clarity in them .
 Quick , simple install , 92 corvette , remote entry only . The only problem was instructions indicated the wrong `` type '' of power door lock . Tech supp corrected the instructions and the install was finished . Well worth the price of $ 40 .
 Installed easily using included instructions and web site . The web site tells you what wires to find for your vehicle . Installed the unit inside the driver side door and all wires I needed to tap into were in the driver door . Install time was 15-20 minutes .
 First time installing a keyless entry.I remove unused wires from the plug directly to prevent clutter.The only thing I did not do was wiring it to the parking lights & starter cutoff relay.Make sure you know what you are doing , hunting for wires are not fun at all.Took me 2 hours researching car forums for tips and also removing come panels for easier access .
 This is a great product that does what it 's supposed to do . Im not a mechanic , nor an electrician , but installation was fairly easy once I figured out how to do the wiring in my car . This was a little hassle though as I had a central lock system without a motor in my drivers door . The system would n't work at all , until i disconnected the unit in my drivers door . I had to look up information on Bulldogs website and on other websites to figure out how to do this . If your already familiar with the power lock system in your car , the manual probably gives you enough information , but the manual could be made a little more friendly towards inexperienced users.A little tip if you are planning to install this system in a car with a central lock system without motor in your drivers door
 Not much to say , the bulldog keyless entry works just as it should . The website has wiring diagrams and the instructions are pretty spot on . I learned how to install through a web forum for my car where others had done it , between their write-ups and the product instructions it was pretty easy . I did not use any of the additional features such as parking light flash , and vehicle immobilizer . this adds to the complexity of installation no doubt.I did have to add a small bead of glue to the data board in the control module to keep it from rattling . . remotes seem good quality .
 I am 16 years old and was able to install this easily . The bulldog website gives more than enough information to figure out what goes where . Be prepared to put in a good hour or two getting it put in and nicely tucked away but it works beautifully . Has good range and locks and unlocks flawlessly . I recommend this to anyone willing to put in a little work . Great product for the price .
 I was able to install this sytem in about one hour . It works great and the range is very good . I put the antenna near the drivers fuse box . You must know to remove the kick panels and other trim in and around Steering area for this installation . I was able to tap into 12V constant at the ignition harness and then tap into a two pin connector -LRB- Honda Accord LX 1999 -RRB- for lock and unlock functionality . The product website has vehicle specific instructions that are really good . These guides include the location of wires that you need to tap into for power and lock/unlock functionality . This made the installation that much easier .
 It took all of about 10 minutes to install works well and has more range than the factory units do .
 With no fault to the product but the installation instructions need work . What you need to know is that the leads to control door locks are not to operate the lock motor but rather to tap into a switch or relay . I first followed directions on the web site to find the right wire to tapp to only to just hear it 's control box click and blow it 's fuse . I had connected to the lock motor power instead of its door switch -LRB- which turns on a relay to turn the motor power on -RRB- . After a little bit of frustration I removed the door panel and tapped to the switch there viola it worked great , much easier and faster to find just harder to fish through the door wiring . The remote is also heavy duty with great range . I think it 's a great unit that expects professional installation .
 Our BMW Z3 did not have a factory remote , the BMW unit cost almost 10x what the Bulldog unit does so I thought I try going the inexpensive way . On a scale of 1 to 10 , I 'd say putting this unit in a BMW is a 7 on difficult . It took about 2 hours but has worked like a Champ since I installed it . -LRB- And it was cheaper her than fleabay ! -RRB- Capt Mike
 Installed this in a 95 Camry and it works great . The installation instructions were pretty good but to get all the needed info you had to go to the website . I found the website to be very good and all of the wire colors listed were correct . My only complaint would be that the plastic case for the main unit was a little cheap . I would definitely buy this product again .
 I had good response from Bulldog support . The first one was defective but the second one worked . Not much range with it but over all good for the price .
 I installed this keyless entry system in my 1993 Impreza . To make the whole thing work I had to buy a universal door lock actuator and another relay to get the parking lights to flash when I lock and unlock the car . A weird thing about this system is that when you unlock it , the parking lights stay on for about 15 seconds . The first time I tested it I thought I wired them wrong , but turns out it just is like that . Not really a complaint , just kind of a weird feature . Also , I do wish I had looked at a system that at least could be wired to your horn to honk . Otherwise , it was fairly easy to wire up and it operates perfectly . In the end , I am quite happy with it !
 I purchased this for a 2003 Ford Crown Victoria police car . If you have a little experience installing things on a vehicle , then you wo n't have much trouble with installation of this unit . I had the most trouble figuring out how to wire the door lock/unlock because the instructions say that this vehicle has a `` reverse polarity '' locking system and thus you have to cut the factory wires and test them for + and neutral and then they have a diagram that was very confusing to me -LRB- and I have done a LOT of car wiring installations -RRB- . Let me make it easy , if you have the Crown Victoria police car you should :1 . pry up -LRB- from the front not the back ! -RRB- the panel that has your door lock , window , and mirror control on the drivers door -LRB- it is connected by some spring clips and a tab in the back - do n't break the back tab by pulling up on the back side ! -RRB- 2 . there are seven wires going to the lock/unlock switch , but you only need to worry about the two pink wires going to the lock/unlock switch . Test them , they will alternate `` hot '' when you hit either the lock or unlock . Remember which is which .3 . on the door lock switch cut the two pink wires with enough room that you can strip and solder them4 . using whatever tools you have - run the 4 wires from the bulldog up from the drivers kick panel , through the rubber gasket and into the door . I mounted the bulldog in the drivers kick panel , which turned out to be a great place .5 . follow the instructions for the unit to hook up the wires ... when they say `` switch '' they mean switch side of the wire you just cut , and when they say `` motor '' they mean the other side.So to avoid the confusing instructions they give , when you cut the 2 wires , you will now have 4 places you can connect the Bulldog 's 4 wires to - the pink wires will remain `` cut , '' but If you connect them to the correct wires from the Bulldog the manual switch will still work and the Bulldog will also work . Test before you solder.I get really long range on the remotes . I ran the `` antenna '' wire down the length of the driver door in the channel where they had all the other wires that came with the car .
 My Grand Caravan 's keyless entry went on the fritz years ago and we have been using the key in the door ever since . I tried to install another keyless entry module a couple years back but because you can not disable or otherwise bypass the factory alarm it never worked right and eventually burned out . I decided to give it another try with this product . Why this one worked where others had failed ... the instructions . It turns out there is a way to integrate an after market keyless entry system into this finnicky vehicle and Bulldog 's instructions helped me solve it -LRB- for me it was using the right size resistor -RRB- . The instructions included are adequate , but it 's their online resources that really proved helpful . They have great pictures , wiring diagrams , etc. . They get an A + from me in that department.It came with everything I needed -LRB- minus one relay and the aforementioned resistors -RRB- and was a cinch to install . It works great and I am very pleased .
 Product was what i wanted . Looking for something to lock and unlock remotely , and it does . Could not be happier and if you are looking for something that is n't to high tech then this is a good buy .
 One day , my key stopped fitting in my driver 's side lock -LRB- I 'm pretty sure someone tampered with it , trying to break into my car when I was in the store -RRB- . I looked into my options , and this seemed like an inexpensive option -LRB- and more fun than replacing the lock ! -RRB- . I have a 96 Nissan Sentra , and my Dad -LRB- who is an engineer and VERY good at fixing/installing stuff -RRB- had it installed in less than an hour . I definitely recommend asking someone who has some experience with this type of task to do it , but its DEFINITELY not worth paying a mechanic for . Since my car does n't have an electronic trunk button , I could n't hook up that function , but I still got everything I needed out of this product ! Very satisfied !
 I 've installed my share of radios , amps , etc , so I figured I could tackle this project and boy was I right . Between the info in the included manual and the online vehicle-specific help , I had the basic setup up and running in about an hour . All you need is a multimeter and a little know-how and it 's easy . I have a 1995 Civic that had power locks , but no keyless , so I just had to tap into the lock/unlock wiring , a hot 12v , and a ground.I did n't see any need for the starter immobilizer on a 16 year old beater car , so I rewired the included relay and holder to do the parking lights . Worked like a champ ! That took another 30 minutes or so to re-wire and tap into the vehicle wiring . So far I 'm very very pleased . Now to see if it holds up over the long run ...
 This keyless system works great . If you live in cold snowy winter place then you know how it is to open you door with a key when it frozen . Yeah not fun thing to do . You must use defrost spay or something like that . Well I guess I do n't have to do it no more because using this keyless and I like it . It works like click - click , close - open . So I was reading reviews trying to figure out how to install it . It is not really hard once you set it up correctly . I recommend you to use volt tester . It will help you to find correct wires . So here is how I install it . I connect one wire to lock and another wire to unlock . Then red cable to 12v power in ignition switch harness -LRB- in my case it was black -RRB- . There are 2 ground wires one is black and other is purple/black so I tied them together . Those 2 wires must be screw to body of the car bolt . You must test that bolt to check if its really goes to the body of the car . There is many bolts under kickpanel . That is how you do it , 4 wires and it works -LRB- if your power locks one wire - negative door locking system -RRB- . I did not try any other features like parking light confirmation because I think it is not necessary for me after unlocking my car with a key for a long time .
 I bought this product because my driver 's side door lock broke and I could n't unlock the door with my key . My first thought was to take the door apart and try to fix it . then I thought if I was going to all that trouble , why not look into a keyless system . I went on Amazon and did the research . I decided on this product mainly because of the low price even though there were a few bad reviews . The main complaint was inaccessable customer service -LRB- I did n't need it -RRB- and the unit did n't work or had short range -LRB- could be installation problems -RRB- . I installed it in a couple of hours -LRB- installation time will vary with every car because of the difficulty in accessing the car 's wiring harnesses -RRB- and it has been working perfectly with good range . I have had it fire off at about 50 feet which I think is more than adaquate.A note on installation
 The price was great on these -LRB- around $ 40 -RRB- , the tech is not that easy to install but the instructions are good and the installation is car specific . The remote unlock button is small and recessed making it not super convenient to unlock the car which is what I mainly use the fob to do . Lock is much easier -LRB- larger button -RRB- . But , the ability this package brings for the price is a very good value if you have pretty good electrical/car installations skills and documentation for your vehicle .
 i have bought and installed 2 of these so far -LRB- my wife 's 2000 olds intrigue and my neighbor 's 1991 toyota camery -RRB- and these things work great and are easy to install-their web site gives good information as to what color wires connects to what , and this came with a relay for the starter cutout . Got it at a major retail auto store , at a better price than I 've seen it on ebay .
 I installed this on an older Mercedes with a vacuum lock system . It was paired with an Install Essentials 524N High Power Door Lock Motor . The install was fairly straight forward until it came to hooking up the door lock motor . That required connecting an additional wire not shown on the wiring diagrams , but briefly mentioned in the instructions.Once installed , the system works great . The remotes are a nice size and not a cheap slippery plastic . The unlock button is a little small , but overall I would highly recommend the system .
 The unit works great , my son 's car didnt come standard with remote entry , and this was his birthday gift , it and the install job . The instructions are not real well written , but if you have some automotive electical knowledge you can figure it out . Be prepared to spend some time and some extra dough on the needed extra relays . You can get them at the local autoparts store , they are pretty standard for things like GM products , may look a bit different but terminals and function will be the same .
 Bought this for my wife 's aging 1999 Subaru Legacy wagon . Installation was easy . Check the wires per the instructions , everything went smooth . Hardest part was putting the door panels back on . Key FOBs are nicer than I expected , kinda grippy rubberized plastic . Buttons have nice click to them . Might get this for my own car ...
 Very easy to install took me about an hour.The range is pretty decent about 40 Ft away , Not sure why anyone else would want it to unlock further away then that !
 This is a basic keyless entry system . I would have liked a separate passenger door output and a horn chirp , but I am happy without those two options . Just the door lock/unlock and trunk release are good enough for me . The unit works to about 100 feet for me which is good enough . I used 4 external relays -LRB- I 'm not a big fan of the small circuit board relays built-in -RRB- , so hopefully this unit will last awhile . Oh , and I also did NOT hook up the `` starter disable '' feature , because the way I understand it , if you do n't unlock the car with the keyless , you ca n't start the car . I guess that 's a good feature for a high theft area , but I live in the sticks with a lower crime rate .
 Product arrived in a timely fashion and was exactly as described , in original factory package and undamaged in any way , very happy with the purchase and very happy with the seller will use again for OEM product anytime and would check their product offerings first and everytime.I am VERY particular on what I purchase and expect quality , this I received and gain , am very happy with this purchase .
 new as described with peel off sticky paper . giving to son for Christmas for his jeep where he lost his . He will be happy .
 I ordered 4 of these trail rated badges for my jeep . These are exactly like the OEM and worked perfect for my project . Could n't have been happier .
 I was looking for this decal time ago . It looks excellent on the jeep . The finish is oem style . It completes the look of the patriot .
 Ordered 2 of these and I am very pleased with the cool look they bring to my commander.Just peel and stick
 This badge is a factory badge . Great vendor and great price . It has the adhesive backing and it applies easily .
 these fuses get the job done . i used these to replace and old one and they work great ! thankjfdsoijf dsfoi
 The fuses look great , especially compared to the ones you get at your local shop . The price is great too . However , the packaging and/or shipping method needs serious help . All of the fuses in the package had fractures in the glass part of the fuse . This sucks .
 These fuses work great for my diesel audio amp . Good price and good delivery . Would buy again .
 The bearings come with dust covers but no O-Rings . It 's not hard to shop around for the o-rings , and I needed them for my application -LRB- 2001 Kawi Nomad -RRB- . Other than that they appear to be quality bearings and at the time of this review , I have a couple hundred miles on them already in the past couple of days . I guess I installed them properly : - -RRB-
 It works great . My only complaint is the amount of black powder it generates . I 'm having to wash the wheels more often to keep the brake dust off .
 There are working very well with my Acura MDX 2004 . They are working effective and quilt , especially they are causing few brake dust . Good stuff , and actually I am using this brand on the frount wheels too . Very impressive .
 Remote works , have to have alarm cked & / or recoded etc. may be something in alarms circuitry . may even buy new alarm .
 Our Bulldog system only came with 1 remote , this one was easy to program and pop onto the other keychain
 I had an old Bulldog Alarm that I knew was good but the remote was dead and beat-up . I want to put it on a scooter I just got . I ordered batteries for the transmitter but they have n't shown up . I found this item with Amazon Prime shipping and have it in two days . I can now install the alarm.Convenient item to find on Amazon .
 We own a 21 cu . ft. Thule rooftop box that has served us well and with the annual vacation coming up , we decided we needed a little more cargo space for the 400 mile trek . I considered the hitch mounted platforms with a cargo bag , but did n't feel comfortable with the security that provided . I also did n't want to get a ticket for blocking my license plate -LRB- no front plates in PA -RRB- . The 13 cu . ft. addition this box provided was perfect.Everything about getting and using this box was about as easy as they get . Order was the typical Amazon 1,2,3 process . No issues . The box showed up via common carrier about a week later , and by appointment . The shipping company was great.Setup was a piece of cake and went onto the back of my Yukon XL with zero issue after a little assembly . A $ 10 adapter from the parts store to plugin in the lights to my trailer port and I was done . The swing out feature is fantastic and my lift gate clears with about 2-3 inches.Driving with this box on the back was a non-event . I could n't even tell it was there ... Once mounted and locked on you forgot about it until it was time to empty it.This purchase was worth every dime !
 It was everything I thought it would be . Big cargo space and easy to move and handle on and off the car . Only down side , was the licence plate light is broken when i got it out ... still working the problem .
 What an amazing product , we bought this for my Dad who was going on a cross country trip that would take him from Michigan to San Fran then Seattle , Yellow stone and all between and it worked flawlessly . Lights worked and no vibration , totally secure and a ton of space . He traveled with a large dog and used the swing out daily to access the back gate never once had an issue . I have used it camping and was very nice to have a dry place to store our clothes . We are even going to put a hitch on our van just to use this on trips to Florida . Definitely worth the money and Amazon was the cheapest with great shipping .
 I just returned from a week long tour of the west using the terrapin . It is one very well thought out , engineered product . I highly recommend it . I downsized from a full size suv to a midsize . The terrapin completely made up the difference in storage space .
 Buyer Information : Sex
 This is our second large purchase from Amazon , the first being a $ 2500 LCD TV . It was a truck delivery that was shipped on December 12th and received on December 16th . The driver even hand carted it right to our door . Great service and was delivered a week early from first estimate . All contents were in great shape . Kudos to Amazon .
 I must have shopped 3 months for the best price on this storage box . I really wanted to support the loacal shop here in Denver , Rack Attack , but after repeated attempts to get them to match the before tax price of the Amazon product , I decided to just buy it from Amazon . It was also annoying that if I was willing to pay the extra money for their box that they wanted to charge me an additional amount to have them assemble and install it . In all , I saved about $ 80 by buying it from Amazon.I could not have been more happy with the purchase experience . It was delivered as agreed and in perfect condition.The box itself took about 2 hours to assemble and install . Not very difficult , but certainly time consuming . Also , unless you are okay with semi-heavy lifting , you should probably do this with another person . The box fit perfectly into my 2007 4-Runner hitch . The only problem was that I needed an adapter from 7 pin to 4 pin to get the brake lights to work . I had to buy this from Wal-Mart for $ 18 . Lastly , after installation , only one of the brake lights was working . After about 20 minutes of inspection , I realized that when I was assebling the box I had accidentally disconnected one of the brake light wire assemblies . It 's easy to do if you 're not careful ... somewhat of a design flaw . Once reconnected , the box worked like a charm.I am very happy with the purchase and recommend it to anyone looking for a little extra cargo space for road trips .
 I purchased this prior to making a long -LRB- 10 hr -RRB- drive to a ski resort in the northeast . It worked great . I bought the Thule 688XT Atlantis 2100 roof mounted carrier as well , as we have 4 kids and were transporting all of our ski/snowboard gear , clothes , etc. for an 8 day trip . I was able to mount both carriers easily with the help of my 16 yr old son.Overall , I 'd say the carrier is expensive , but very durable and holds a lot of gear . The hitch mount is fairly easy to set up , with some help -LRB- not a 1 person job -RRB- . Once it is on , I had no trouble getting the brake lights hooked up and everything secure . I did not need a special connector for the brake lights as I have seen in some posts , it fit directly into my factory tail light assembly from Honda -LRB- I have a 2008 Honda Pilot -RRB- . Also , I mistakenly purchased the hitch lock kit from Thule ... do not buy this , as the carrier comes with it already .
 With two dogs a wife and Child my 2003 Nissan Xterra was getting way too crowded on our road trips and it was either sell the most reliable vehicle I have ever owned and buy a Minivan or come up with another option . Thank God I found the THULE 684 it was like adding an additional trunk to my vehicle . I was fairly simple to put together and came with all the tools you need to put it together with the exception of the license plate holder . Once it 's on you do not even notice that it 's on the vehicle while driving and had no affect on my gas mileage since it 's behind you and not dragging air on the roof.The only two cons are it can be hard to take off and on by yourself and it takes up a bit of space to store when not in use . Other than that I could n't be happier with my purchase ! I would also recommend buying from Amazon they had the lowest price and I also did n't have to pay tax or shipping .
 We used this carrier for a week-long , 2000 mile , vacation road trip and it worked excellent . Before purchasing I was concerned about how much it would actually hold but that concern went away when we started packing . It seems like a bottomless pit . The pivoting works great providing plenty of room too open a hatch or tailgate . The locking pin that attaches to the receiver is also a nice design . I did n't have a single rattle from it the whole trip . It also attracted quite a bit of attention . Almost every time I stopped someone would come up and ask about it and most said they had never seen anything like it . We also used it for golf clubs and it easily held 3 bags plus shoes and other gear . I could n't be happier with it .
 This box comes with a locking device and tailights , features which some of the other trailer hitch cargo boxes do not have . The ability to swing the box out away from the back of the vehicle is fabulous . Attached to our 4runner we still had enough room to park in our garage and so left it attached all summer . It was much more convenient access than our rooftop carrier , so it was very useful to store items like the ice chest and foodstuff . The construction is very solid and the locking mechanism worked smoothly , unlike our rooftop carrier which is often quite difficult to engage . Being narrower than our 4runner and behind the vehicle , this box did n't create any drag . I wish that there were just a few more cubic feet of storage , but this box still deserves 5 stars .
 This product was easy to assemble and use . It kept our stuff dry during two days of driving in the , sometimes very heavy , rain . However , the license plate frame/light is very flimsy and easy to break . Fortunately , I found a replacement one that shipped in time for our trip .
 This is a great travel storage box because it is infinitely easier to use than a car top carrier . Even though I am 6 ' 5 '' , I do not like to store my extra travel belongings in a roof top carrier , and this hitch box delivered as advertised . It did not compromise my driving experience whatsoever , in fact , I did not even know it was there when driving . Golf clubs fit into it as advertised , although my extra long driver had to come out of the bag to fit properly.The only issue is storage when not in use , although I purchased 12 '' hooks that allowed me to mount the box -LRB- hooks come around the bottom of the frame -RRB- high up on the wall , with the hitch part downward . It takes two people to put it away/take it down , but it is up high and out of the way.Lights work as advertised , as did the lock and hinged lid.Great product !
 So this box is fantastic ! I have to say though I was torn between buying the silver model and the black model . there was a $ 110 difference which I thought was pretty steep but I paid it because I have a silver and black honda element and figured the silver would reflect heat better than the black . this is a great box . As I said I have a honda element and have 2 sometimes 3 german shepherds that are usually in the back . groceries , my luggage etc usually gets trampled and camping was often difficult trying to manage my stuff and them . This resolves the problem completely . the dogs in the element and my stuff safely contained in the hitch box . I love the swing out feature . the big reason I was n't impressed however was really that the silver box cost SO MUCH MORE than the all black one . the plastic itself ca n't cost THAT much more . if I were n't so into the look I would have spent less buying the black box .
 We received this cargo box within a week of ordering it ... wow ! That is an awesome job by Amazon to appropriate resources to make this happen as a free shipping item . I knew when I ordered the item that my Toyota Sequoia would need an adapter for the brake lights , but that took a quick trip to the Toyota dealership and $ 11 later ... poof ! instant brake lights ! I have a Yakima roof rack that has worked for years with zero issues and was a little hesitant about using a Thule since I was not very experienced with the line . I was also concerned about the grey color of the upper box since the trim and the Yakima are black . However , I actually see the merit in the grey top for the sake of safety . The grey contrast makes it really easy for lovely tailgaters to space themselves more appropriately from the vehicle . I am not sure if the grey color for contrast was an intentional design , but I am not complaining anymore . For my particular vehicle model I have only one option for the pin placement at the hitch since the electric hookup is too close to the hitch . If I wanted to put the lock on the opposite side of the electric hookup I have to unscrew the hookup to make room for the pin insertion . Let 's hear it for the engineer who came up with that idea ! The box is solid and does n't rock around when on the move . We go camping a lot and we have increased our family of 5 's sq. feet tremendously . Thanks , again , Amazon for the speedy delivery .
 I bought this box from somewhere other than Amazon as they would n't price match -LRB- $ 100 less -RRB- . Just took delivery today and had it all hooked up and installed in about half an hour . Drove through a hard rain on my way home and the inside of the box was dry when I got home . Cargo box is larger than pictures make it look , but I ca n't wait to try it out in the near future -- looks like it will hold a lot !
 This product is very well made BUT I found out that even if it looks like all you get all seat covers you DO NOT -LRB- maybe my own bad -RRB- I thoughtI would receive covers for all 4 ! - No I got only the real covers - True I should of saw where it said Custom seat cover NOT covers ! So I will say thisReview is only to help others who may make the same error I have - The product as I said is very nice BUT I did n't want to spend 400 $ just yet , IReturned the item under reason - item received was not as shown as on website as the image shows ALL seats - Please understand Im not saying theseAre not a good product Im just saying be aware you only get the one - Very confusing to shop this item !! MichaelHope this was of some help
 These are perfect for the 4 cylinder toyota truck engine . Mine 's a 98 4Runner , but I believe the same engine is in Tacoma 's also .
 The NGK website says this set fits a 1997 Toyota 4Runner 3-RZ 4 cyl ; Amazon says no go ... I wonder who is right ?
 Not much to say other than your standard ANL fuse . Good packaging and ship time .
 Fuse was as expected . Did not run 150 + amps to see if it would open .
 the gold in the fues make good contact even in poor weather and in offroad use , there are good cost and solid will buy again . and i bought a spare to keep in truck good cost , mount close to battery and dont have to worry ,
 Am very satisfied with this item it fitted into the carrier as expected and the quality of the item indicates it will operate as intended . I do not expect the fuse to blow but if I stuff up somewhere it will look after my installation . A good buy .
 It feels a little chinsy but , has n't done me wrong yet . I 'm running a SSL EV5000D amp turned way up with no problems .
 I purchased the DB Link ANL150 Fuse when I installed a power inverter in my vehicle to protect it from large current draw 's and protect the vehicle if the power wire shorts out . It is well made and I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 Purchased to go along with my 1000W inverter as suggested by the Manufacturer . Works great and should protect my equipment just fine . No complaints .
 This ignition coil is the Blue Streak line , a little better than standards normal offering . Well made and durable . Ca n't go wrong with this .
 works great just had it put on today and seems ot be good no more whining noisegreat price for the product
 Cable came in quickly , well packaged in original B&M ; box which was inside a bigger and padded box.Cable operates as expected . Great product . The race version cable is much thicker than the standar cable , but also slightly less bendable .
 I purchased these pads because I have always used Wagner TQ 's and they were cheaper than going to the local retailer . I even qualified for the manufactures mail-in rebate . Not a bad deal for some decent pads .
 My car 's trunk release quit working and the Dealer wanted a ridiculous amount for the replacement part -LRB- even without the installation labor -RRB- . I purchased this kit and connected it to the Emergency Trunk Release Cable -LRB- which is inside the trunk in event one gets stuck inside -RRB- . I spliced in the electrical also in the same spot-easy ! It works Perfectly !
 When you decide to replace your Struts , do n't go second rate . You need to not only replace the actual strut , but also replace the bushings and hardware the struts need to perform properly . Monroe makes good stuff , just do n't cut corners . You might save a few bucks , but your job wo n't be done right and the total improvement wo n't be realized unless you do it right .
 I had no issues . Though I have had mixed luck with Monroe , everything was acceptable this time . Has been on the car for 10 months with no issues .
 Mounted right up as advertised . Looks good and I am happy . I was a bit confused over the listing . Orginally thought I was buying 2 mirrors based on the picture and the decsription did not specify , although over brands did , the mirror is also listed right or left as well as driver or passeneger , depending on the listing . Of course , left or right depends which end of the vehicle your are standing on , or at least it does for me .
 I 've just replaced the plugs for my 2000 Xterra with NGK Iridiums and this wires . For now I 'm happy with the wires . I 've noticed extra power & smoother idling with this package .
 I just threw this 71mm Wiseco into my 1974 Suzuki TS250 . Wiseco makes nice stuff and you 'll pay for it . The old Suzuki piston was fine and it was cast . I went with Wiseco because it was only about 20 dollars more than the OEM cast piston . Was it a good decision ? I do n't know . Ask me in 39 years if it lasted as well . The thing I like about Wiseco is their support network . If you have questions you can call them and talk to someone that knows what is going on . The machining tolerances are listed on the box so you know how much to bore your cylinder and what to gap the rings to . I suppose Wiseco does n't need much more of an introduction since everyone knows who they are .
 this works to transission from auto connections to refrigerator connections . I thought I had written enough words to submitt this rewiew , bu I am required to write more .
 Allows me to use my Mastercool 90262 1/4 '' SAE manual cutoff valves with 1/2 '' ACME equipment . Get the corresponding Mastercool 82636 1/4 '' SAE Female to 1/2 '' ACME Male adapter for full adaptability .
 After been doing a research around the web for this product , I find the best price here in Amazon . The wire set came home very fast , the service was great . This cables are easy to install . And the car feels much better than the old set .
 Replace the wires for my 97 Rav4 , and they fixed the problem . They are equal or better quality than the original , and fit perfectly .
 This set of spark and coil wire is such a good product ! Very Easy to install ! I got the delivery on time and now my car really feel better !
 Product instructions were very easy to understand . Bolt holes lined up perfectly and bar itself looks nice on the snowmobile . Item was promptly delivered and product price was reasonable .
 I 've been wanting get this sse-pan for my rodo since 04 when i got my truck.so when i came home from work thursday , and backed in my driveway -LSB- like a million times before -RSB- Boom ! hit the garage.messed the thin a ## bumper up.aright now i get my roll pan.it fits real good , looks good , easy to get lined up to tailgate , but , licene plate light needs to be cut out , best thing to do is get a plate frame that has led lights in it , you can get one here on amazon for a great price .
 great price , quick delivery , perfect fit - k & n products continue to be a first choice for me for price , fit , finish , and performance - highly recommended
 With this adapter I was able to connect my vacuum pump to my Truck 's AC system . I was able to service my AC system and saved more than $ 750 that the Dealer was asking for .
 This is a simple adapter , well machined . I recommend it to A/C Do It Yourselfers . You ca n't have too many of these adapters on hand .
 The adapter is a percect fit . It was exactly what i was looking for . Speedy delivery . I am greatly pleased about the purchase
 great price , quick delivery , perfect fit - amazing that this product is a perfect match for my 1963 engine - highly recommended
 Purchased this to replace the condenser fan motor on my 2000 Honda CR-V . It fit perfectly , has the correct connector and length of wire , and worked perfectly . Draws 4 amps running . Plus Amazon prime getting it to me on Saturday morning for only 3.99 more . Way to go Amazon !
 I used this because someone on a car forum recommended this . I painted my hood scoops on my car with this satin black spray paint and it came out AMAZING . But of course like all paint work , good results come from the prep . If you take your time in sanding your surface , this will come out very smooth . I like how the paint sticks well to the surface . Doesnt run and leaves a nice matte -LRB- or satin -RRB- finish . I did about 2 coats on my hood scoops and so far 7 months later , after the summer heat , all the rain , the winter weather i 'm currently getting , it still looks like the day i painted it . I still have a 1/4 can left but i will buy one again for when i have to touch it up in the future . Def a top notch spray paint .
 I purchased this item because it was one of the very few air cleaner assemblies that would fit my vintage Carter AFB carburetors . The top and bottom plates are polished stainless steel and very nicely done . My only minor complaint is with the filter element . It lacks a wire stiffener which makes it more difficult than it should be to capture between the upper an lower plates of the assembly . Overall a typical quality product from K&N with the best price anywhere at Amazon .
 Bought these for my 2000 Ford Ranger XLT Supercab . I think it makes the front end look a lot cleaner without so much of the amber color . I 've had them on for about 4 or 5 months now , no fogging or moisture inside . I highly recommend these !
 This parking / marker lamp combo was exactly what I was looking for , and at a very reasonable price . They were shipped promptly , arrived on-time , and were well-packed for shipping . I would n't hesitate to order from this venue again .
 This tool kit seems like it will test any cooling system cap imaginable with all of the adapters supplied . The pump and gauge seem to be of good quality metal . The adapters are all plastic . The Instructions for using the adapters are not that well written . The tool uses a universal rubber expanding bladder that you pump up to seal the system for pressure testing . I do n't know how long the bladder will last -LRB- the kit comes with a spare -RRB- - this is the only reason I did n't rate this kit a 5 . It has worked excellent so far .
 We have a small business and this has come in handy on more than one occasion . It is a great product ,
 My husband has his own auto repair business . We have looked at several different brands and spent quite a bit of time trying to decide on one . He really likes this tool because it is easy to use and with all of the adaptors that are included , it eliminates the need for trying to find `` the right tool '' for the job . He says that he would recommend this to anyone .
 Do n't buy this Holley nut if you are also buying the Holley electric A/C solenoid - it already includes this nut even if the description does not mention it .
 I bought both cats for my explorer , the other one being part # 23314 , And they were a good fit . The best part is i 'm getting better gas mileage , so they pretty much paid for themselves by now .
 Going on six months with no streaking or skipping . Holds up to the sun and dry rot . The rear blade on my Trailblazer would not mount correctly and ended up using just the blade on the the original hardware .
 Received in 2 days after ordering . Eqpmnt was well packed and well greased.I bought Toyota Corolla-1998-LE last summer and its driver side window was not working.I asked at the mechanic shop , and they told me that inspection would itself take $ 80 and then replacing parts and labor charges will be extra.I just guessed that it would be motor , after searching on internet.I had no idea , how to replace this . Watched few videos on youtube on opening the door panel and replacing etc , and thought that I would replace in one hour . Though it took more than 3 hrs.Design of this regulator is little different than the one in my Toyota Corolla-1998 , but I quickly figured out that it wo n't make any difference.I replaced successfully and now I can enjoy the weather while driving.I 'll update if I got any problems . But so far so good.Conclusion
 This was an awesome inexpensive fix for a dead / dying / intermittent motor problem in our 2001 Corolla . We took the part to the shop and they put the motor / regulator in , and it was perfect and now the window goes up and down perfectly . Great price , right part , all in all a great experience .
 This was exactly what I needed for my 1998 Corolla LE - front driver 's side door . The window stopped working , and I determined that it had to be the motor . I got a quote from a local shop - they told me it would be over $ 400 for the part and the labor combined . Instead , I bought this part on here , and brought it to a different shop ... the whole project cost about $ 170 including this part . It took the shop 1.3 hours of labor . The part shipped quickly and in perfect condition . Definitely recommended .
 My motor started struggling going up and down last month.It eventually went out a couple of weeks ago . I received this part in 3 days and it was a great buy.The install took about a hour and a half.It was slightly difficult unscrewing and lining up the window but that 's about it . It 's not the same as the factory regulator but it fits snug and paying top dollar at a dealership is a rip off . Save yourself some money , order the regulator and watch the YouTube video . Thank you amazon and you tube , You guys are clutch .
 Motor and regulator worked well once I got it installed . The connections and configuration was slightly different than the original for a 2000 Corolla , so it took a little adjustment to the ` plan ' to get it to work . I believe there was a stud/nut combination or two that became a bolted connection , and one of the arms -LRB- or legs ? -RRB- was re-engineered to make it maybe more streamlined , but it took some work to see how to make the connections correctly . Still , lots cheaper than the OEM version , and works well once installed !
 This window motor with regulator does work with the above listed car . Also , it seems to offer a tighter seal of the window than the old regulator that I replaced with it . Anyone who is replacing a regulator with this item on a 98 Corolla -LRB- also possible for newer vehicles -RRB- needs to make note that it will may not bolt in the exact same manner as the old one . Also , you may need to make sure that you have one or two 10mm nuts on hand before starting the job.My vehicle used only one nut with a series of bolts to mount the regulator . Luckily the one nut fit the two bolt stems on this regulator , and I happened to have another in my tool box .
 Easy to install for a novice like me . It took about an hour.Great product , like OEM , and very cheaper.Solid product , no copycat version .
 this detailer is one of the best on the market no film residue and the shine is very good.beats the rest
 I finally got around to getting this corner assembly and am glad I did.Good company and it was easy to install . Now when I walk around the front corner of my truck I do n't see any busted light . Thanks .
 Highly recommend this product to anyone looking for one ! Arrived in said amount of time a well . Thanks and God bless !
 i have a '62 dodge d100 and the instructions are okay but could be clearer . the original wipers on my dodge are a b **** to get off and with the adapter that came with the wipers it was super easy putting these on . i really liked that . i 'm not a big believer in having every single thing original but these look stock from far away for anyone who appreciate that kind of loyalty . i would definitely buy another pair next time i need them .
 It 's an OK replacement . The attachment adaptor , which I did n't use , is really clunky looking . Hope that you do n't need it . I just took the blade out of this and put in into my old , real chrome , holders .
 Its got ta be good because it is the real thing ! I used the same wipers many years ago and this is that same wiper with all the adapters . I am using them on a 1962 Ferrari .
 I have a vehicle that insists on quality parts and I always replace them with original or Delphi . I ca n't tell the difference in quality only price when I buy Delphi .
 These wipers have worked extremely well here in the Adirondack Mountains of New York , where in a customary winter day it is not atypical to see rain , sleet , snow and sunshine all in the course of a single day .
 Was a perfect fit and at a great price and has an increase in horsepower how could you pass it up
 This strut mounting kit was a excellent fit for my 1995 camaro and appears to be very good quality . I would recommend this product to others .
 Trico makes a variety of blades . I originally bought their Exact Fit blade but sent it back . This Teflon one matched my OEM blade in appearance very closely , while their Exact Fit did not . As you might expect , this blade comes with extra connectors in case the default ones do not match your arm . The default one was correct for my car , and this installed in seconds . Snapping out the connector and using an alternate one should not be a big deal.There 's no guarantee that any replacement blade will be identical in appearance , and even dealers will give you parts that supersede the originals . But this was perfect for my car . The Teflon blade works smoothly , at least for now . Given that the price is competitive with other blades , I do n't see a down side . Prices fluctuate , but this is in the general range of , and might not be much more than lower quality ones . In my case , it was cheaper with a rebate.I hope these will hold up for a long time , but manufacturers say you should change blades every six months . Where I live , there might not be enough rain between then and now for me to be able to tell . But they seem to wipe cleanly so far .
 This wiper fit perfectly , had all the stuff needed to install , and works great . Nice price from amazon too . Bought both sides which tallied up for free shipping .
 Satisfied on the pricing & the performance of the product bought for Jaguar S Type.Trico 15-240 Teflon Wiper Blade , 24 '' -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB-
 This is a huge improvement over the stock converters . Not only is the look better but this is way less restrivtive .
 Simple and cheap . Just what i was looking for . This is a quality product that is just a simple bracket and a threaded nipple . Worked as designed and is priced right .
 The Trico Teflon wiper blades have worked flawlessly and have kept my windshield clean and clear in all types of weather .
 These wiper blades do just what I wanted . They keep my windshied clear , and they do not freeze up . That is important to me , since I live in Michigan .
 I have owned this base support rack system for a long time and loved it 's versatility and simplicity . Available with locks at each foot that work with a single key , you have the satisfaction of knowing your roof rack is secure.The Thule 300 system works with cars equipped with rain gutters and is one of the most universal roof rack systems available . The load bars are also available in different lengths to accommodate the width of your particular vehicle 's roof.Thule manufactures a large number of carriers that can be attached to the LB50 load bars including bike trays , ski racks , boat carriers etc.If your car has rain gutters , and you are looking for a good , sturdy , versatile base support system , look no further . Thule 300 is the best !
 Well designed and they work perfectly . I have a jeep wrangler Rubicon and was anxious to see how secure I 'd be able to load my kayaks . Needless to say , I 'm very satisfied .
 Be aware that if purchase fulfilled by BikeSomeWhere they probably only plan to provide the Foot Pack even though the listing is for Thule 387 High Foot Complete Raingutter Car Roof Rack which is supposed to include Foot Pack and Load Bars . I placed an order for this item and when I emailed them to provide the 65 '' Load bars they immediately canceled my order without any explanation . They also removed their name from the Listing at the time . However I just noticed that they have put their name back on this listing for what appears to be a great price -LRB- $ 143.95 39 % discount -RRB- for the complete system but their price is only for the Foot Pack . If you plan on getting the Complete Raingutter Car Roof Rack as indicated in the Amazon listing do not order from BikeSomeWhere . You may be disappointed when only the Foot Pack arrives ! I turned a complaint into Amazon and they replied back that they would look into it but it appears that BikeSomeWhere is doing it again .
 I use my ancient mercedes for a work vehicle , and this works great to hold the square thule bars . Also bought the bars thru Amazon , which , being square , allow you to clamp stuff down -- lumber , plywood , stuff like that . Way more useful than the yakima type round bars .
 Extremely solid high quality construction , easy to assemble and install . Fits a 2003 Land Rover Discovery and , if positioned correctly , you will be able to open the rear sun roof . Does not include the lock cylinders , but does include the end caps for the load bars .
 Bought these used and they are in good shape . Nice and strong and wo n't slip on the bars . Easy to remove without wrenches .
 You get what you pay for with wires and these are super well made high quality wires that should last long time . They fit my small block chevy motor with headers fine .
 Really like these bars . They are solid & secure . Installed in less than an hour.Minor complaint with the shipping - they were banged around quite a bit . Recommend other buyers leave some open time to deal with possible exchange for shipping damage.Quality out of box
 Satisfactory . A comprehensive and practical kit , with the correct replacement parts for rebuilding the throttle plate . Sent and arrived promptly .
 These also fit my 1995 Ford Explorer upper ball joint boots . It appears to work well after 2 months replacing a torn boot and holding the grease in so I do not have to replace the upper control arm -LRB- when the left boot tore after only a year ! -RRB- . I just cut away the old boot , cleaned and regreased the joint and stuck this on it . The pressure of the assembly holds it in place . It does appears to move around and squeeze out some more grease as you drive , so recheck and wipe away excess grease after a few days . So far so good .
 Provides superior pressure to lubrigate anything . Flexible house is a must for tiight places .
 This is a really handy device to have if you make even simple automotive repairs yourself . Easy to use and mess free !
 Definitely best price for the items you get , BUT get a bottle of gasket sealant -LRB- that can take high heat and petrol -RRB- Gasket was not the greatest fit , needs a smite more thickness and teeny more on the edges . . sooo in trying to tighten it down enough to stop the gas flowing out of the carb while running ... i busted one of the bolts off -LRB- yeah , THAT was fun and not scary at all to drill out of the main body -RRB- > I ended up using the orig bolts , a little gasket sealant , and have driven her a few hundred miles now , all is well . The fuel bowl itself is a good fit , and it sure looks purty .
 The build quality on these looks good and they havent leaked yet . The passenger side fit without a hitch and I even installed a pair of SMD bulbs for them . The driver side didnt fit though . It lines up with the fender and head lights but the hole for the mounting screw is about 1/2 &#34; off so I had to zip tie it . It holds fine and doesnt wobble since the prongs lined up . It took about 30 minutes to install since the hole didnt line up but if it did , it would probably be a 5 minute install .
 I bought these for my 96 accord , shipping was fast and install was a breeze . They look a lot better than the stock amber corner lights also !
 These look really good on my 1995 honda accord . The left side was a very simple install , less than 2 minutes . The right side wasnt as easy , like another buyer mentioned i had trouble lining the bulb into the housing . I also had trouble with the mounting hole for the screw to line up with the bracket . But after a quick edging with my drill , it went it easy . Roughly 15 minute install on the right side . I really like the look of white/clear on the entire front . To me seems like a much cleaner look . Please observe my pictures , as no one else has yet to upload any . Hopefully , you still find these lights to be the ones for you . But because of the manufacuring issues i would only give the manufacture 3/5 stars . But 5/5 for amazon shipping .
 My car needed new lights and this fit perfectly . only down side i must say was that the light was not as bright as i wouldve liked or clear i should say . overall , good product .
 Another nice APC upgrade for Honda . The all clear construction draws the headlight assembly across into the fenders quite well and gives the front a more cohesive look . Installation was very straight forward and quick on the right side but when it came to the left , not so much . I was having a very difficult time installing the bulb into housing . It would not turn . After some colorful words and a closer inspection I discovered the issue . During the molding process , somehow , the collar of the bulb housing was too thick . After about 20 seconds of grinding with my trusty Dremel , Ha HA ! SUCKLESS ! I mean success ! Problem solved . The seller gets 5 stars ... the makers -LRB- APC -RRB- not so much . I will continue purchasing APC products and hope I am the only one that has or had this problem.Hope this Helps!OK - NOW that I got it installed I can make that left turn ! : -RRB- ThanksWade
 I have an older late 80 's chevy that had a broken corner light . I looked high and low at all the local junk yards , nobody had what I needed . On a lark , did a search on Amazon and Walaa ! There is was . The vendor was great on shipping , I received it about 2 days after ordering it . My old beat up chevy never looked so good .
 Your initial cost for the K&N Filter will be more than the stock filter but it does not take long to recoup your cost and actually start saving money by not replacing the stock filter as needed . It is very easy to remove , clean and condition as needed . As far as performance I have not paid much attention to that aspect as the two reasons stated above are enough to sell me . If it improves performance , efficiency and longevity then that 's a bonus .
 Fitted straight in , packed well , great price , K&N makes quality products as you would expect , no issues recommending this item .
 The butt dyno ca n't tell a difference and my mpg is unaffected . But it 's a high quality re usable filter that will save $ $ over time . VTX 1800C equipped with stock pipes , stock EFI fuel management .
 I bought this for my 2011 BMW G650GS and have no complaints . The installation was smooth and everything fit as it should . Do n't forget to install the foam restrictor if you 're not going to get a custom tune ! It 's nice that this was thought of and included .
 This product really allows my suzuki gsxr to breathe better - Its a great item and i will be sure to recommend you to other bike riding friends of mine .
 Perfect filters for my rejetted carbs and my stock pipes that i have removed the baffles on . The engine runs so good now .
 2010 Honda Goldwing very good price for a performance filter that can be washed and reused . Plus I believe that K&N filters flow more air .
 Fit just right and got better gas mileage . Easy to in stall and maintain . Now if I could find a cheeper exhust system .
 K&N filters are rated # 1 for a reason . My mechanic recommends and uses them in his own vehicles . Will find filters that fit my truck .
 Better Airflow and nice intake sound make this a definite add to my Concours . I will add a fuel controller and new exhaust and it will increase power and MPG ...
 This K&N ; air filter is a good value , and fits the 1st generation Suzuki SV650 -LRB- '99 - ' 02 -RRB- . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not come pre-oiled , so you 'll have to buy a separate bottle of oil -LRB- I recommend the K&N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze , available on Amazon -RRB- . Otherwise a good fit and does the job . Recommended .
 Dropped this in my motorcycle , and it runs great . I have a fuel injected bike with aftermarket exhaust and no Fuel Management system -LRB- Power Commander , or Juice Box -RRB- and the power band is smooth and responsive .
 Fits better than OEM , functional and best of all , it 's reuseable . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase through Amazon , always like the free shipping deals .
 I recently purchased this air filter for my 2002 Shadow ACE 750 and instantly noticed a difference . The bike responds a lot faster and the increased air flow alows the bike to feel less `` forced '' . I install K&N products in all my vehicles . There is a notable difference without having to remove stock air box .
 K & N Max air flow . Put one of these on my wife 's Suzuki and had to plug one of the vents . Engine ran too lean . So much less constriction than a regular filter . Put one on my Honda VXT and the bike has a little more pep .
 Excellent quality merchandise in perfect shape.Packaging was perfect for the items.Excellent delivery time.Exactly the part I order and wanted at the nice price I would pay.Would order again .
 This review is not so much about the product but about Amazon . I was amazed to find the motorcycle parts I needed through Amazon . It has truly become my one stop shopping place online . The price was the best I could find and the delivery was as they stated . The product is something I was already familiar with and the quality is excellent . I truly do not have to shop around just enter it in the search no matter how obscure the product you are looking for .
 This filter fit my stock air box fine . I do not know about any real horsepower gains . It will be interesting to dyno the bike to see if it made any measurable improvement .
 I replaced my old stock air Fiters in my 2004 Suzuki Marauder VZ800 to Increased the horsepower & performance . I felt the a major in incress Increase in power
 What can i say , you ca n't go wrong with K&N ... fits great and works great . Cheaper than always buying paper filters
 Got exactly what I asked for , in new , off the shelf condition in a reasonable amount of time . I would definately reccomend this vendor .
 it 's for my 2000 ZX7R - came in within 3 days after i ordered , free shipping . item fits perfect in the air box housing . i did notice the difference on response and sound . mileage improvement , if there are any , is not on the list of reasons why i bought this . let 's put it this way , i drive/commute approx 54 miles -LRB- 1 way -RRB- with a lifted 88 suburban before i got the bike , i was happy i got this crotch rocket . engine vibration seems to be less , slight difference but enough for me to notice . i would recommend this product , better yet , K&N ; products to all riders and divers out there.safe riding ladies and gents - GO ARMY !!
 fast delivery - works well - i am very happy with the product - would reccomend for atvs - preforms much better than stock
 The fit was perfect . Instalation was easy with the included parts . As far as prefomance it seems to have lmproved the performanceof the motorcycle .
 I recieved my k & n filter in a short amount of time . The filter has giving my bike better gas milage and more power . Very pleased !
 K&N is the only way to go . Wash it after every couple of rides . It will last a super long time and keep your bike running like a champ .
 I have used k & n filters for many years now and the quality and ease of installation has n't let me down yet . The installation took about 30 mins and it fit perfectly . I would recommend this filter for anyone who wants a quality filter that will last for the life of their motorcycle . Just do n't forget to clean the filter periodically with k & n filter cleaner and oil .
 It 's the last Air Filter you will have to buy for your Motorcycle . Easy instructions for install and maintenance.After install I can feel an increase in power and I can see greater MPG .
 K&N has one of the best products available . There is no surprises with this filter either . It fits , it works better & it will not need replacing . I have K&N air filters in all my vehicles ; and my garage and my driveway are full . OK , so I am tag renewel poor , but I wo n't have to buy paper air filters . If you keep your wheels for decades and travel miles into the 100K 's like I do , it is worth it ; if not only for the enhanced performance .
 I get the k & n filter on amazon for a gsxr 1000 and the bike just sounds great with it and the best thing this filter is for life !
 Arrived in perfect condition , you can definitely feel the difference from the OEM filter . 1000 % recommended .
 K&N is the best , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 I use K&N air filters on all my vehicles , to include my FJR1300 . All have offered better performance than the stock filters . I must say that they MUST be maintained properly to get optimal performance , and not damage intake components . Most folks over oil these filters or do not clean them properly . If the manufacture 's instructions are followed , you 'll get great performance and long-life with these filters .
 More Power , Better sound and washable . A little bit expensive but all good things are this way
 Filter was made very good ... i felt the difference in my quad right away ... easy cleaning ... and it seemed to let the quad breath alot better .
 I have K&N filters on many of my vehicles and as always it 's a perfect fit and breathes better than anything else .
 K&N ; makes a better air filter than anything the factory will include on their bikes.It 's part of the upgrades I did to my stock Vstar 650 . Also use a quality synthetic oil , iridium plugs and Lucas top lube in the gas .
 I noticed no real horsepower gain , however I have no dynometer to prove otherwise . This filter fits in the stock location of my '95 Magna with no problems and is a good stock replacement.As a sidenote , I ca n't believe Honda designed this filter . It would be cheaper to simply have a removable element , instead of having to buy this custom shaped plastic piece . I miss the good old days when the filter was under the seat and took 5 minutes to change .
 This is my first experience with a K&N air filter ; I installed it in my 2001 model BMW F650GS motorcycle . I noticed an immediate gain in horsepower - the acceleration is significantly better than before . I have n't had a chance to find out fuel mileage gains , but that 's coming next . So far I 'll say this was money well spent .
 Looked all over and finially found this filter here . Lowest price anywhere . Not exactly like the original filter , but it fit fine . Have n't noticed any different in mileage yet , but only put on about about 200 miles . Like the idea , never have to buy another motorcycle filter for my bike , ever . Recieved it very fast from Amazon Thanks , Jim
 Makes more sense to have a reusable filter for my 2003 VFR800a , considering it is only about $ 10 more than the Honda replacement filter , which is oiled paper . Good investment . Bike is pretty new to me , so not sure if performance has increased , only had one take of gas used on stock filter . But it is going to save money by not ever having to buy another air filter for this bike .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to the stock air filter large displacement motorcycle -LRB- 113c . i. -RRB- . It is a noticeable upgrade compared to the original air filter .
 Picked this up for my 2012 Busa . Great fit , simple change out , K&N quality . Around town theres not much difference felt , but once you hit the open road and un-wind the bike , you can totally feel the difference ... great product
 I have wanted on of these since i bought my bike and thanks to Amazon I got one at a great price . My Katana loves this new filter . Thanks amazon for saving me money
 It did n't exactly fit my 2007 Yamaha V-Max , but it is still doing its job . K&N has always been a quality product .
 No body does it better . Makes me feel sad for the rest . Baby your the best air flow , added H.P. and performance for the money period .
 Took about 2 minutes to install . I definitely noticed an increase in horsepower . I recommend this to everyone looking . K&N makes a great product
 I love it . It was easy to install and the mpg has been awesome . Great price and great results . The easy choice !
 another quality product from k & N. i replaced the original filter and this made a nice difference . always recommend this product for every vehicle .
 I purchased this filter right after purchasing my used bike . It replaced what looked like the original air filter from 4 years ago . I did not notice any huge improvements in my power and really was n't looking for any . I just appreciate that the filters are able to be cleaned which definitely saves money in the long run . I was at first disappointed because I thought the air filter did n't fit , I was trying to install it at night . The next morning when I decided to give it another try I realized they ship with longer screws to compensate for the increased width of the gasket . This is the second k & n I have put on my vehicles and as long as they are affordable will be the only air filters I install on my own vehicles or recommend to friends and family .
 I already had heard that K&N made great products . But I never bought any of them till I foundmine at a very resonable price on Amazon , much cheaper than the auto parts stores and I checked them ALL . I dropped it into my Yamaha R6 and all I can say is that I have a brand new bike . Much faster off the line as well as top end power and going thru less gas while at it too . If you can find one that will fit your ride find it here add to cart then check out period . Easy install came with instructions and some K&N stickers to throw on my bike as well . Thanks Amazon for a great buy .
 installation onto the motorcycle was very easy . purchased this product because of the K&N name and I am not disappointed . this product does add a little bit more HP .
 The filter was exactly as identifed when ordered . It was shipped promptly and packaged well enough to protect it during shipment .
 Overall construction of this air filter is very good , better then the OEM filter , and the fit was perfect . Honda recommends changing the stock filter every 12,000 miles , a 4 hour job to change the filter on a Goldwing . K&N recommends cleaning their filter every 50,000 miles , I do n't think I 'm ready to go 50,000 miles but I 'm comfortable with 25,000 .
 Product was shipped promptly and accurately , came exactly as ordered.Price was 2/3 of what it would have cost here in Canada at my local Honda dealer.I have not put it on my bike yet but am confident from previous experience with K&N ; that it will work well and pay for itself over the life of my bike .
 Fitment is perfect on my 2011 -LRB- gen 2 -RRB- . . I know the power-gain is probably not significant enough for me to notice but it seems a little faster coupled with a slip-on . . Overall very satisfied with this air filter .
 I 've been a Yamaha guy all my life , until 2005 when I needed a commuter for living and working in Seattle , where the ferry is $ 30 roundtrip for a car , ut only $ 8 for a motorcycle . My '00 SV650 is my first Suzuki ... and I love it.It was a used buy from an engineer who wanted a track queen to trailer , ride hard , then put away until the next . It came with the K&N ; gauze filter above , so its entire life with me has been without the expensive and non-cleanable/non-reusable stock cloth air filter.Another one of our group of friends has the same year , same-spec SV , but in slightly different tune . He however chose to stick with the stock filter , modified.In the time we 've both owned our SVs , I 've just cleaned and re-oiled the filter . He 's gone through umpteen stock filters , and has to mod them everytime perfectly like the last one , which is a pain as the original SV650 has a clearance issue with the underside of the tank , and the opening to the filter , which is the opening to the airbox . The only thing about owning a K&N ; , is careful adherence to cleaning and oiling procedure -- it 's really , really easy to under/overoil . But once you learn how , it 's a snap -- just takes about an hour to allow for proper drying and oiling.I 've solved that last bit about the time lag prepping the filter ... by buying two . That way one is always clean and ready to drop in , while you can take your time and do right to the other filter . Expensive ? Perhaps ... but they always act the same , always give me the same mpg , same performance . Ca n't say the same about my friend and his adventures in Dremelling ABS plastic ... not to mention he 's spent a lot more than even the cost of two K&N s ; in five years of riding . ; -RRB- Pros
 Like I said , once it 's installed , the bike seems to love the enhanced air flow.The problem is with the fit of the metal plate over the top of the filter . Installing it into the KLR took several attempts to get right . The metal plate does n't fit naturally over the top of the filter when you screw the butter fly bolt . It wants to set in a tilted fashion - crooked . I finally realized I have to do a tricky maneuver to get the plate on with both hands evenly -LRB- one with fingers pressing toward 's the back , and the other with fingers pressing on the front side -RRB- , and then with quite a bit of force , keep it pressed on the filter while I attempt to screw the butter fly bolt on.It just seems that the plate should be a few millimeters larger so it naturally slips into place while screwing the bolt in.I 'm sure I 'll get better at it , but well designed parts should just work and not require horsing around with different techniques to get such a simple part into place properly .
 what can i say ? the product already sells itself ! if you dont have one you need to get one for all vehicles ! great air flow improved response and a quality product to protect your investment !!!
 No problems installing on a late model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Suzuki GS 500 I bought . You need to remove the gas tank and hold it to the side , it 's good to have 2 people for this job . It took me a little time aligning / putting tank back on but not to bad , it 's best if you do n't have a lot of gas in the tank . You can do this job yourself fairly easily/quickly without much experience , there is a video on Y.T , a guy doing this GS 500 air filter job solo.Runs / starts much better , the existing air filter needed to be replaced , so I paid a few bucks more and got a K&N. ; Actually , this filter at the time was around $ 25 less on this site then the local M.C. store . This is the 3rd K&N ; product I 've used , my car has a K&N ; FIPK cold air intake . I 've never had any issues with their filters/intakes .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this one is deserving.The stock filter has foam around the periphery to seal it . The K&N ; filter uses a rubber wedge / protrusion , and fit very tight in the slot . Definitely use the supplied lube to install it . Seals really well.Also noticed the engine vibrations decreased slightly with my 2010 . Vibs from the handlebars when cruising in 6th gear at 60 MPH dropped . Now I do n't feel that level of vibration unless I drop to 4th gear at that speed . Sweet ! Also , the sale price was only $ 11 more than a replacement stock filter , and this one is a lifetime filter!Shipping was super fast too . I ordered it on a Friday with the 5 to 8 day free shipping option , and received it on Monday -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase . Even posted about it on two major forums , and dozens of members bought them -LRB- Hey , maybe I get a commission here :-RRB- -RRB- .
 I always purchase K&N air filters for every vehicle I own , I did n't know that Amazon had the best price for them . I will definitely be using Amazon to purchase all my K&N stuff in the future .
 When buying K&N ; filters , you can not go wrong . Add the excellent Amazon 's prices , fast delivery and you get an unbeatable deal.Very happy with the purchase .
 I went wit a K & N because of their ridiculous million mile gaurantee . I live in the desert so air filters get real dirty , real fast and I figure the $ 77.00 price was less than what I would be spending on lower quality air filters . I did extensive web searching , for a lower price , could not find it cheaper anywhere , $ 107.00 was about the average everywhere else .
 I put this little magic air filter in my Vulcan 800 Classic and I was stupified . I used to shift into second at 20-25 , now its 35 . This mystical device gave it a very noticeable acceleration boost and even made my pipes louder , ca n't wait to see a mpg gain . Are these made by elves ?
 I recently replaced my stock air filter out of my gsxr-750 and this air filter DEFINITELY is worth the money . It is reuseable and washable which is the best part . I recommend buying a cleaner for it if you are going to indeed clean it .
 Better gas mileage on my kaw nomad bike now and it also runs better , good product will order again.very well made product
 I 've used the K&N ; products in my vehicles for years and decided on using it in the motorcycle as a replacement to the stock Yamaha air filter . Being in Southern California , it seemed to get dirty pretty quickly and it just makes sense to replace it with a cleanable filter like I use in my truck.The fitment is perfect and required just a few minutes to install . A great product that I would definitely recommend .
 This is a fine filter , probably one of the best . Naturally it fits , that 's how it was manufactured . I do have a little problem with oiling the thing though . It is hard to not put too much oil on the filter when cleaning and using the `` oil-in-the-bottle . '' It takes forever to drip out to the point that you can install it and then not suck oil into your engine . I am going to get the spray-on cleaner kit and hope that works better next cleaning . It 's a little pricy but hey , it is more than likely the last air filter you will ever need to purchase .
 I like the product , but looking at how long it takes to ship it out is just way too long . I paid 10 dollars more for one just to get it in a week . Great if you 're not in any hurry for it .
 In the words of Dr. Frankenstein , `` it 's alive '' !!!! I feel as if my bike just literally came alive . It 's a 2011 Hayabusa with 638 miles . It was rediculous before but felt slightly held back like it was n't breathing correctly and had a slight backfire . After exchanging the air filter , adding Castrol Power 4 RS racing 10w40 full synthetic and a K&N ; oil filter , the bike came alive . It 's fine now ! I can feel it in the trottle.Shipping was really fast !!
 K&N has always been very reliable for me , I use them in all my toys . Economical over the long haul , maximum protection from dirt , especially here in Arizona where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 This replacement air filter is a less expensive alternative to the factory filters but it does not easily fit ; it can be made to fit but does take some doing .
 this filters are very good you can see , fill the performance change instantlymy bike performs better and sounds betterall i can say is it is a good inbestment
 On a recent dualsport ride on my BMW R11550GS , I filled my airbox with dirty water during a water crossing . The snorkle shot enough water at the paper airfilter to push it out of the way and allow the airbox to fill with dirty water . I drained the airbox a few miles later , but obviously the wimpy OEM paper filter needed to go . The K&N is much more robust than the OEM filter and made of material that should resist water much better than paper . Time to go back to the dirt for more creek crossings !
 Recently purchased a 2007 Yamaha FZ6 with 10K on it . Previous owner used it as a commuter , as am I. Regular maintenance schedule said to replace the air filter so I looked and found the K&N on Amazon for less than the OEM filter . Drops in easily and improved performance and throttle response is definitely noticeable . Would absolutely recommend this item . Ride On !
 K&N products have been for me really great to have on your bikes . I ordered this K&N for my boulevard . Instantly increased my horsepower . Still waiting to see how much more my fuel mileage is . Got instant response of my motor . I love the fact all I have to do is clean my filter and it 's good to go . This is not a filter you throw away . Totally servicable and washable . Took only 5 minutes to put on my bike if that .
 The K&N Filter works great on my 04 Yamaha Warrior 350 , I can feel the difference on the power band
 What should have been 30 min in and out to pop this filter in was turned into several hours chasing tools , measuring , and trimming it to fit . After fitting it , the product is just what you 'd expect from K&N. ; But , out of the box this filter is 1/16 '' too wide and 3/16 '' too long . The filter is like a top hat . In the image you are looking at the what I 'll call the top with the K&N ; logo . The bottom edge/brim is a flange that sits on a narrow lip of the airbox . Out of the box , the flange of the K&N ; will not seat properly and seal on the lip of the airbox.Taking the stock filter and placing it flange to flange with the K&N ; and aligning one of the long ends yields the measurements above . I took a razor blade and scored a guide line to follow for material removal.The flange material is a durable plastic about 1/8th inch thick . I chose not to try cutting it . A buddy had a deburring bit for a drill . The bit is conic , about 2 '' long , and the rasp is not particularly aggressive probably designed for hardened steel . -LRB- I need to find one of these for myself -RRB- Note
 Product was well packaged and all parts needed for install . The only thing is they packaged the wrong instructions for installation . K&N has a great website that allows the buyer to download the instructions . They thought of everything for you to install , such as longer screws , hose etc. . Fit perfect .
 What I like about this filter besides the added performance is the fact that it is reusable . That means you never have to buy another filter again . It is also covered by K&N ; 1 million mile warranty . I would suggest going on K&N ; website and filling out the warranty form -LRB- left side on their site close to the bottom click on warranty then scroll down to the bottom and click on the form link -RRB- just in-case you might want to be covered by the warranty . They suggest cleaning the filter every 50k miles that also depends on your driving conditions . I useK & N ; 99-5050 Filter Care Service Kit - Squeezeto clean my filter .
 I ordered the K&N PL-1003 Air Filter for my 2012 Polaris Sportsman 500 H.O. Shipping was quick , and packaging was adequate . I hate paper filters and have been trusting K&N for years . This product will not disappoint . I am very pleased with this product .
 Love the K&N air filters . ca n't beat them for the price a lifetime filter.I have them in all my vehicles .
 I have K&N filters installed on all my vehicles . The increased horse power may not be noticeble in some cases , but at least you can save a few bucks on replacing the paper filters every once in a while .
 Bike runs normal before was too rich , even the choke works wheer before the chock would kill the bikei have better millage as well
 product fit and performed as expected and price was also good.I replaced the oem filter with this one and rejetted carbuerator which was neccessary . bike has more power in high gear .
 Excellent filter . The installation instructions could have been a little clearer . Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to replace their original filter .
 Purchased for my Yamaha Stratoliner , and it is a perfect replacement at a great price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs same item .
 Not much issues were felt without tuning but definitely can feel the bike breathing more . Maybe tuning is next to fully maximize this mod but for something I 'll never have to replace and just clean , its great .
 Not too noticeable on a street bike , but now I have more air and clean air going in . Move tank for install .
 I 'm really happy with this purchase first because here in Brazil special parts are really difficult to find at the local retailers and the K&N ; air filter was rated way more expensive to be bought by the internet at Brazilian sites!I 'm completely satisfied with the agility and the care by the Amazon.com . Thanks to you the part arrived fast and unviolated . It feels good buying from Amazon !
 Noticed the performance difference . Floppy rubber replaces rigid plastic oem filter and seals air box . A must have for performance .
 Installed about 100 miles ago . The previous filter was installed by the previous owner . There are about 20k miles on the bike and even if the previous filter was installed when new , it was filthy ! I like the air flow on this one and there seems to be a slight increase in torque as the engine is breathing better . I will see how the filter stands up to a cleaning in about 2k miles when the next oil change is due .
 I took a chance on buying one of the `` used '' products that was listed for $ 16.39 . In the back of my head I was hoping that it was just an opened box item that they could n't sell as new and I was right ! The box was kind of beat and opened and had a UPS sticker on it , but inside was a brand new/sealed K&N ; filter . I ordered this filter and the K&N ; cleaner kit for another $ 10 + to get the free shipping and like ordering from Amazon Fulfillment , anything over $ 25 gets free shipping . I live about 150 miles from the closest fulfillment center so shipping varies from next day to 3 days . I got this in 2 days . So far I 've had nothing but excellent luck when buying `` Used - Like New '' from Amazon . They 've either been `` new '' or I could n't tell if it 's been used and I 'm perfectly fine with this.This K&N ; filter fits nicely in the stock C50T airbox . At first it seem like it was too larger as the chrome cover did n't quite fit back on once the filter was in place ; However , I decided to try and put the screws back in the tighten down the cover and everything snapped into place . Perfect fit .
 Very happy w/the product and the shipping service . This filter sells for more at most other sights . Would reccommend this to people I know .
 Replaced the stock air filter on my Suzuki GS500 with this . Very easy swap in about 15 minutes . Great price for a high performance filter .
 Had a K&N Air Filter on my 2004 Honda 599 -LRB- Hornet -RRB- , and liked both the slight performance increase , and the sound the intake makes now . Well , after getting my 2006 VFR800 VTEC , I figured it could n't hurt . It did not ! It seems the bike runs a little smoother , and sound and performance are much better , especially after the second set of valves kick in at about 6400 RPM . And as said by `` Brock '' , it does make more sense to not have to buy a new filter every time , plus I actually got it for less money than what Honda was charging for the OE filter .
 I do n't have much experience riding my Suzuki Savage with the stock air filter , and the one it had when I got the bike was in really bad shape . I at least know that this one is a huge improvement .
 Time to replace the air filter for my cycle so I decided to try online instead of dealer and picked this high performance air filter . Shipment was very fast . Very easy to install . I would recommend this product and this Seller .
 The K&N Replacement Filter for the Road Star is a medium difficulty shade tree mechanic task . I call it medium only because the Road Star 's filter box is not the easiest to remove and most people will need a long-nose plier to get the breather hose off the back of the filter box . The K&N filter has well over twice the `` breathable '' surface area of the stock Yamaha filter and the oiled fabric of the K&N flows a lot more air per square inch than the stock paper filter . The difference is immediately noticeable at idle - the bike no longer feels like it 's gasping for breath as it idles . The difference is even more noticeable when riding - the bike pulls harder and smoother from idle all the way through the power band , accelerates more crisply , and does n't surge like the stock filter did . For riders who keep the stock exhaust or go with a moderately higher flow after-market system , the K&N Replacement Filter offers all the air flow needed . I 've used K&N for years and will always replace the stock air filter with a K&N when one is available .
 Works great on my 2007 Honda Sabre ; I did a holesaw mod upto the cat on my stock pipes ; dropped this in & WOW ! RUMBLE & POWER . May need to adjust fuel mixture now or rejet .
 The price for this filter -LRB- $ 31.00 -RRB- was less than the OEM paper filter you have to replace every 6000 to 7000 miles . And the beauty of K & N filters is when dirty you just wash it with K & N cleaner & water & just let air dry , then reoil with K & N filter spray oil . Also the filter will probably out live your bike .
 I bought this for my Suzuki Boulevard C50 because I wanted a washable filter that lasted a long time . I heard people talking about how a K&N filter gave them extra power . I did n't really believe all that , but after I installed this filter on my bike , there was a small yet noticeable increase in power . I am happy ! Extra performance on a washable filter that will last me for the life of the bike .
 I have always been a fan of K&N products . In this case it was a matter of getting a good deal , this vedor was very fast and had a great price !
 Fit perfect , did not have to modify the airbox or anything . Came ready to use right out of the box . It IS a K&N brand filter exactly as advertised .
 K&N has long been a favorite of mine , when it came time to change the air filter on my motorcycle , the choice was simple . The product took about 2 minutes to install and while I ca n't substantiate the HP or fuel mileage increase , I can tell you the acceleration right off the bottom is noticeable immediately . If you switch your filter , this `` lifetime '' replacement is a `` must have '' !
 Fitment is good , would be excellent if it had a tab for the stock clip to hold it in place . I bent the tab to help hold it while putting the cover on.Have used K&N ; filters in all my bikes they work well and are easy to clean and oil .
 it really made a difference in power and no more backfiring , works great last a life time with proper maintenance
 i first tried to save a few dollars buying a competitors air filter ; not a good idea ! fitment was a problem ; so i had to return the product and wait of course a couple weeks for co -LSB- bike bandit -RSB- to receive the filter/log it in/inspect it/and then send my purchase back to credit card / -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks ! i purchased a k & n filter from AMAZON ; received it , installed it be-fore -LSB- bike bandit ever acknowledged receiving the other one ! SO ; BUY A NAME BRAND PRODUCT -LSB- QUALITY !!!!! -RSB- from someone who ships their product immediately ! MY MISTAKE SHOULD BE YOUR BLESSING !
 I bought this for my 1996 Kawasaki Ninja ZX600R 1 year ago had no problem installing item and most of all I did not have to re-jet the carbs . Look out and hold on !!!! That is how much of a difference this filter makes !!!!!
 Excellent product for your bike . It makes such a difference in the breathing of the bike , the minute I started it up I could hear and feel the difference . No longer sluggish when we give it gas at a low RPM . Excellent price too !
 I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800 , which by itself is not a slow machine . Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original , however , it was a whole different ballgame . I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor , and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I 'm sure I 'm adding longevity to the bike as well . Simple install ; fits directly in place of the stock filter . A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses .
 K&N filter are the great and worth every cent and Amazon had the best price . I pick up 2 more miles per gallon after I installed it and I opened up the air box a little also .
 K&N filter are without a doubt the finest filters for the money . Super easy to install and this filter has both increased my gas milage on my bike but most importantly it increased my horsepower . I did n't know that my bike was so responsive until l installed this filter . Worth the money !!!!!
 Great system , I have K&N in all of my vehicles but it is a pain to install on the klr 650 . it 's difficult to get the screw to line up in the little space that you have but still delivers the quality that i expected . better throttle response and a slight power increase .
 we ordered this abut a week ago arrived precisely when they said it would but not without its issues we did have some problems with shipping but with working with amazon it was quickly resolvedBut onto the good part after receiving the filters of course my husband wanted to put them on immediately in taking the bike apart you have to know what you are doing its a little hard to get to the filters a little work is involved but anything worth doing is worth doing right once the filtrers were in -LRB- by the way the instructions are very easy to see and read pictures are great -RRB- the bike instantly ran better the performance was signifacant i really love this product would recommend to anyone
 I 've used K&N filters in all my vehicles for years , and when my 2005 Yamaha FZ6 needed a new filter , I did n't hesitate . Install is easy , although it can get a bit messy with the oil spray and having to get in under the gas tank . As usual , performance is improved a bit thru better air flow vs the stock filter , and the sound is great -- a nice &#34; whoooooosh &#34; when I twist the throttle . I highly recommend K&N air and oil filters to everyone .
 It took a minute to swap out this air filter on my 2006 Suzuki 700Kingquad . I noticed an immediate difference ... The idle was improved , the accelaration was improved , and no hiccups like I was experiencing with the stock paper filters . So far , so good . K&N products are well worth the money .
 exactly what i asked for , good timing also , had absolutely no problems at all , will deal again when looking for more stuff
 Absolutely perfect experiance . Great quality product that is well packaged and has all required directions in package . Love it love it !
 I bought this K&N air filter for my 2007 KLX 250s Dual Sport . It was a little tricky getting it to fit because the outer cap bottoms out on the inside of the air-box . Also had to file down the threads on the wing-nut bolt just a little bit so the filter would seat good . Once I got it in there , I could immediately tell a difference in the increase of power . I would definitely recommend this product for the 2007 Kawasaki KLX 250s .
 Since replacing the factory air filers on the 2005 Yamaha Midnight Warrior 1700 with these , I have noticed a marked improvement in throttle response and fuel economy . No regrets .
 Definitely noticed an increase in power ... great product and I would definitely recommend to Honda riders ... shadow sabre . Get the recharge kit !
 Love my new K&N filter ! Very simple to install noticible performance increase . Very fast shipment . Satisfied with this product and service all around . Thanks !
 ive gotten one for my car and i didnt feel the difference.i put this one in my 2008 sportsman 500 HO and it digs off the line noticeably faster.i got it so i dont have to buy a new filter every so often , now i have the one and only one ill ever need for the lifetime of the bike and you should too
 Expensive ! That 's what a lot of people say about K&N ; filters . However , they are typically less than the cost of two OEM filters , which are not reusable . So in the long run , you can -LRB- and do -RRB- save money . However , this particular filter -LRB- BM-1205 -RRB- is no longer used in current vehicle production , so I was able to get it less than half of what it normally costs.Also , K&N ; gets a lot of criticism for `` letting in dirt '' and for `` messing up MAF 's '' . If you use it and reoil it right , it performs just as well as an OEM filter . Its when you over oil it that you start messing up MAF 's and when you do n't do any maintenance on it is when it starts letting dirt through . I 've used them in many of my vehicles over the years and have never had a problem . MY UOA 's -LRB- used oil analysis -RRB- have come out clean over the years I 've used this with minimal silicon being reported -LRB- silicon = dirt -RRB- . Also , even though many report having an increase in power/torque/MPG 's , I have not . So do n't expect to , either . But you will save some money in the long run if you intend to keep your vehicle and you service this filter as recommended .
 This filter is a direct replacement for an '05 BMW K1200R air filter , part number 13717372602 . If you check on the parts match it will tell you that it will not fit . This is not the case . Go to the K&N filter cross reference site and you will find that it does indeed fit . And by the way , there is some power gain with this filter and you will be able to hear your intake , provided you have stock exhaust . This filter will not `` seal off '' if you ride in the rain , which I do frequently . Happy riding .
 I found that the size of the holes that go through the attaching points should have been a little larger as it was very tight when you were trying to put the filter in place , it had to be forced on .
 My old bike had a similar filter in it , i purchased a K&N filter cleaner kit , cleaned the filter and my bike started to act really funky . After $ 250 at the mechanic , a new R/R , carb . clean , and almost total bike breakdown . I ordered this filter , popped it in and the bike ran like a charm . The order only took a few days to arrive and packaging was unopened .
 I really like washable / re-usable filters on all my vehicles and power-sports equipment . They just make good sense , last forever , and cleaning is far more efficient than a paper filter.The local Honda dealer wanted as much for their paper filter as this K&N ; costs , which made the switch to a permanent filter a no-brainer ! Buy a new filter every 12K miles , or simply wash and re-charge this one every 50K ! The filter was an exact fit , and even came with K&N ; stickers to mount on the outside of the filter housing , as well as a WARNING sticker to alert dealers/maintenance personnel that they are NOT to remove / change / exchange this filter , EVER.After installing this filter , I noticed smoother acceleration , and more power as I reached speed . I took a 400 mile trip on my Sabre this past weekend , and reaped the benefit of gaining 2-3mpg as well ! You ca n't go wrong with installing one of these on ANY vehicle !
 Love my new filter it is an exact fit and has improved my fuel mileage a great deal . It was easy to install , was shipped quckly
 All right , Adjust well on the bike , however I think the original has a best presentation and even better fit , I should clarify that there is nothing wrong with this device and it is too early to assess its performance , is currently installed and working well in general I have no complaints .
 This is a first step toward stage 1 along with a slipon pipe . Consider going to the barons or patrick racing air intake mods for the Strat/RL/Warrior .
 The product description was accurate . Everything I hoped it would be . Install was easy and it fit like a glove . I can definitely feel a increase in performance . There 's no going wrong with this air filter .
 My motorcycle is a California Highway Police Interceptor -LRB- 2003 Honda ST1100P3 -RRB- . It has a high performance engine and an assortment of beefed-up components for Police Service . This air cleaner is a custom engineered replacement for the factory part . It delivers a high volume of filtered air to the fast revving engine . On top of that you can clean and service the filter ; it so you only need to buy it once . The supplier I located using Amazon provided the best price by a large margin and excellent shipping .
 The stock filter on my Kawasaki is a lifetime filter , but at 16 or 17 years old the plastic frame cracked . This filter was not much more than buying a regular aftermarket filter with shipping and has an easier cleaning process . Well maybe the cleaning process is not easier , but the K&N ; process is well defined with the cleaning fluid and refreshing oil . A cleaning kit adds to the cost , but then it can be used on any K&N ; filter.A plus with Amazon , shipping is fast , while I 've had to wait over a week for parts from an online motorcycle parts retailer .
 Got my filter really quickly . Does not come with the oil that you need to put on the filter , and i didnt see that on the listing . Fortunately , my dad had some extra in his garage . Fit perfectly on my bike , took only 5 minutes to replace the old one and now my bike is running great and able to breath . Filter is much better than the OEM filter that the bike came with .
 PROS : This is my third K&N ; Air Filter . I bought this one for my 83 VF1100C Magna . I also have one on my 96 VF750CD Magna . If you buy one of these and have carbs rather than FI you will more than likely need to re-jet since this allows a lot more air through than a stock air cleaner . Most Every thing that K & N makes is top notch.CONS : The only disapointment on this was it was not pre-oiled like all the other K&N ; Filters I have bought . You need to spend the time & ? mess ? to oil this prior to installation & use .
 Came in quickly and can tell a difference from the paper stock air filter . Just make sure you read the instructions when putting it on your bike .
 Good fit , really did not notice any increase of power . The filter on a conours 14 '08 is on the left side . Remove left plastic and electronic relay bracket , lift rubber flap on frame just below the fuel tank and there it is . good luck !
 I replace my old air filter with this new KN&N filter and the bike can breath a lot better . The bike responds is a lot quicker and it does n't hesitate to accelerated
 Got the oil filter and air filter to my door cheaper than just buying the air filter anywhere in Canada . Retailers here often charge two or three times as much for the same part . I did have to cut about 3/8 '' off the little tab for a perfect fit on the KLR650 2011 . But that is normal for these things .
 Throttle response fantastic major improvement over stock I have k & n ; air filters on everything withK & n ; you ca n't go wrong I recommend this product a + +
 I bought this for my 05 R6 basically hoping to pickup some performance over the washable OEM in the 05 . The best thing about this filter is the fact that it replaces the crappy OEM O-rings and the plastic separator in the air box . The fit is tight , simple , and secure which is important on any Ram Air system . Basically this system seals much better than the OEM so the risks of loosing some air force is reduced . The bike seems like it has more torque , but that is n't dyno proven my me . All in all I debated whether to buy this , and I 'm glad I did .
 was on time package good it was as discribed in add it was beautiful i was very pleased with is product
 Great price and excellent shipping ... arrived on time and very happy with the fit/install on my son 's Polaris 300 . It was easy enough that he helped out . Good times
 This k & n filter fit my klr 650 like a charm also made my exhaust sound deeper and a lil more hp would recommend it easy install less than 5 min !
 This is a wonderful find My motorcycle takes this particular filter -LRB- without mods -RRB- which no paper filter can compare thank you Amazon for carrying this filter .
 The air fliter on my husbands bike was so bad -LRB- he just bought it used but previous ower have n't changed it since brought new -RRB- that he had to get new replacement . he looked everywhere but all were so high that we just could n't afford it ... that was till we found one on Amazon . I strongly recommend this product for the price and quality .
 Great replacement air filter from K&N that is reusable so it is a `` Green '' product that gives your engine more air flow for increased power .
 The car runs better and there are less of times where I have to replace my air filter . I like the way the air flows easier so there are less jumping for air when you give the car the gas pedal ...
 This is a great deal on a well known air filter . Anyone who is a gear head knows who K&N is . Ca n't beat the price either . To get a superior air filter that will help your bike breath better for only $ 15 more than a stock OEM filter is a no brainer . Came fast and fit perfectly . My only complaint is that no where on the box does it say its already oiled and ready to go . Had to find that out on the internet . Otherwise I had no regrets .
 I installed this on a 2005 Vulcan 800 . It fit perfectly and it immediately made a difference in the bikes performance . Not anything huge but the engine ran smoother and I had fewer of those cold hiccups first thing in the morning that this bike has always had . My gas mileage increased slightly too . No carb re-jetting required . I kept everything else stock .
 after reading about k & n i bought one . I really did n't expect anything really but i did need an airfilter anyhow . WOW , something simple like that has made a difference in power and sound . Dont get me wrong , , , it 's not crazy different but it did shock me a little . i am sold on this type of high performance airfilter and would buy again .
 I only use K&N filters for all of my vehicles . The air filters do add power and increase gas mileage . They also save money over time because they never need to be changed .
 I noticed that after I changed my filter , my bike seemed to be breathing better and really accerates to the redline quicker . K&N is one of the best and this is cheaper than at my local bike shop , I use them in all my machines now . It is Economical when you buy two or more over the long haul , good protection from dirtst and du , especially where I live where its always dusty and dry . Got ta have an air filter so might as well get the best ...
 Ordered this as a gift for a buddy of mine . Only thing that sucked was shipping took longer than the `` one day shipping '' special that was offered . Overall product was great ! Had bought it for a 03 ' Honda Shadow ACE 750 and immediatly felt a difference .
 works great , easy to install , fit perfectly in air box . to install on none touring model with mock tank you open door to gas cap.remove all screws and 2 on front of tank . be careful , tank is 2 seperate parts . lift up instrument panel.slide tank apart a little , remove screw , lift out filter , put in new , put in screw , slide tank parts back in place , insert instrument panel , run screws back in . It is a good idea to have someone help you by holding the instrument panel up out of the way due to wires attached and so you dont scratch the tank . Also , when removing screws , look out for washers , so when you lift instrument panel , you dont lose them or drop them in the gas filler tube , because gas cap must be removed .
 Works great , perfect replacement fit for Yamaha 1100 custom . Have not noticed any power inprovement . Just nice to have a good one that will last forever .
 If this air filter was used it was not for very long . It was in its orignal box and plastic bag it also had a k & n sticker . I am very happy with my purchase I paid 40 $ for a 68 $ filter . And shipping was fast .
 its a different shape than the stock filter for my 82 ' xv750 but the holes line up fine and it fits well in my airbox , i definitely notice the increased performance from better airflow , and its reusable
 http://www.centerforce.com/This part was brand new and is exactly what needed . All products from this company are top of the line and exceed OEM design by a significant measure . Thank you ! aoogha .
 Just got mine today , after quick charge of the batteries -LRB- 2 -RRB- I ran out to try it on my trucks lugsat first I thought it was not gon na work but I just let it bang away -LRB- these lugs hadnt been removed in years -RRB- and then it rolled right off the other lugs popped off even quicker -LRB- guess that first lug nut was the one that was the most stuck on -RRB- at any rate this thing kicks ass ! and at -LSB- ... -RSB- $ it kicks ass even more ! thanks guys I love amazon !
 I bought this to keep in my off road car and Wow it works great . I race off road and this takes the tires off with no problem . I know there are other 's out there like this but for the money this was a great buy .
 Great tool for the price , better than paying the several hundred dollars for a dewalt etc. . Provides plenty of torque for most jobs , easy to use . I am looking forward to using this tool more in the future . Helps out in areas where a 2foot cheater bar wont fit .
 Easy to install , had no leak issue or fitment problems . Installed on a Universal M-25 engine . Allowed use of a larger filter for better capacity and flow . Follow the instructions , do n't overtighten the fittings , and use good pipe thread compound . It has been on the boat since October . I am changing the oil again after this weekend , so any changes will be noted then .
 Ok this is what I think about mufflers from Amzon.com . Beleive me this was the best muffler I have ever had , I over the years had mufflers from dealers retail stores and outlet catalogs . For the price and the quality of this muffler you ca n't beat it . For me it fit perfect to the vehicle with no problems , \ of course you do need clamps and other fitings if you are going to install a system like I did . So ill say one thing I have bought from Amazon before and have had no prblems , So I ca n't tell you what to do . But in my opinion this was a good muffler .
 My dash mat came 5 days before the estimated arrival date , which was a pleasant surprise . It was neatly packed , so no wrinkles to contend with . The quality is excellent and looks even better than the picture . Best of all , it fits perfectly , with every vent and sensor cut-out right in place . I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to recommend this company 's products .
 I have used other engine cleaners , but this one is the best I , ve used.Just amazing you will never buy anything else after you use this.All other cleaners say you should help scrape off extra greasy areas.with this cleaner you dont have to .
 Perfect fit and better quality than the originals that came on the lights ! I like how heavy-duty these ones seem . These are glass-like so they wo n't melt -LRB- like my old ones did -RRB- . Recommend for anyone looking for replacements .
 This pulse timer works perfect for adding a delay . I used this to add a 10 second delay to older Ford diesel trucks because of their lack of a good wait to start wire , when adding remote start . It also has the ability to modify the timer from 2 seconds to 15 seconds delay whether it be a positive or negative trigger . The options are almost limitless .
 The product is as described . DEI has made quality products for years and this is another great accessory . Highly recommend their parts .
 when it still worked , it was perfect ! after a while it decided to go in to self destruct mode and turned on and off untill it died ...
 It has been installed for over two months and it works great . If you have a diesel and want a remote start for the winter . you will NEED this item .
 This is the switch on the Ford F-250 / 350 manual transfer case . If you are having problems with the dash light not working correctly -LRB- not coming on , coming on intermittently , not going off -RRB- this will probably solve it . Mine was a genuine Motorcraft part . Very fast shipping , too .
 I HAVE OWNED THIS LIGHT FOR 5 YEARS AND THE BATTERY IS STILL CHARGED AND LIGHT IS WORKING . DOG EAT CHARGER CORD . NEED A NEW ONE LIVE OUT OF TOWN AND NO STREET LIGHT . NEED A LIGHT LIKE THIS FOR PEOPLE AND ANIMAL SEARCH .
 I could n't get the original Toyota part not even at the factory , so this product was a good alternative . It seems well machined and identical to the original in every aspect .
 I wanted top quality at the best price - Got It !! The factory belt is $ 117 - the pulleys are $ 40 each ; That 's $ 200 . This is the EXACT factory belt -LRB- Gates -RRB- and the pulleys were not the cheap Chinese knockoffs - They were the OEM Japanese ones - I was VERY surprised.The very experienced mechanic who did the work just shook his head and said &#34; You stole these at that price &#34; Amazon gets it ALL right - the free shipping is like gilding the lily .
 I have used these before . They show no wear or disk wear after years . Plus , there is NO dust on the wheels . I put them on all my vehicles every time I need new pads . Just installed the latest set today . They have always been quiet and fade free . Great price here on Amazon , too . My only complaint is that I had to go to the company 's web site to find the appropriate pad for my car . Then , plug the number into an Amazon search . The Amazon descriptions do not give the vehicle applications
 Got to love it when you need specialty tools to work on an electronically controlled quadrajet carb . Thexton tools makes great and inexpensive tools for the hobbyist . Professionals that depend on their tools for making a living may have more expensive tools , but no matter whether your a novice or a pro , these tools make the job a whole lot easier . Easy to use and virtually indestructible , they should last the weekend warrior mechanic a lifetime . I highly recommend this tool set if you work on mid-80s GM quadrajets !
 One problem I 've had with my new Jeep Wrangler , is when my passangers get in and out of the back set , the step is so high and awkword that they would almost always fall on their face . That problem was easly solved with the installation of the Grab Handle Kit . They now have a handle to help hold themselves up as they step out .
 I received the product fast . As well as it fits great and had no problems what so ever . Would recommended this product to anyone who has a mustang .
 I used this unit to control 4 sets of led lights.BACK UP , R SIDE , L SIDE AND UNDER SIDE . . it worked great .50 feet range
 I PURCHASED TWO NEW UNITS AND ONLY ONE HAS THE MOMENTARY OPTION . THIS IS NOT GOOD I NEED THE MOMENTARY OPTION.THIS IS A GOOD UNIT.I DO N'T UNDERSTAND WHY PEOPLE ARE HAVING TROUBLE WITH THE WIRING.THE DIAGRAM IS ON THE PACKAGE .
 Installed this to my Maxima . Well , it was n't to bad of an installation overall . The box is still pretty clean and organized under the hood . I attached my fogs and a light bar to the remote wireless switch . It works great . I have had no problems whatsoever.Pros
 Very fast shipping of a nice product.This 4 channel remote does exactly what it is supposed to do . The remote control has four buttons to control four channels individually . The key chain remote unit also has a small switch to lock/unlock the buttons . This feature is very nice when using this system as a remote `` start '' module -LRB- no accidental `` hitting '' the buttons -RRB- . Each channel can be configured as momentary or latch on/off function.I read in other reviews that some people had -LRB- little -RRB- trouble figuring out the wiring ... . that only happens if you have no clue about automotive wiring ;-RRB- . This unit has 4 colored pairs of wires . A pair will show continuity between the wires when the relay -LRB- channel -RRB- is activated and will disconnect when deactivated.In a real world application you would run only one wire of the power supply through the relay -LRB- most likely the + wire -RRB- . Oh and before I forget ... . the range of the remote is more than adequate too . I have not even used the antenna on the transmitter or even rolled out the antenna of the receiver .
 If your installing offroad lights and your lazy like me and do n't want to bother running wires through the fire wall , then this is the product for you.In my case , I knew I was n't going to use the lights that much and they were more for show , so this setup fits the bill perfectly.Best of all , it is affordable and with 4 channels you can add more lights later.I can see a 100 uses for this cool device to control your 12 volt items.You could hook up 4 different 12volt devices to one of these and control them all with the handy 4 button remote.I 'm going to have alot of fun with this , as I 'm sure you will too!Awesome product so far with no issues.This is an update after 3 months of very little use.Water got in the control box and has failed : -LRB- at the time of purhase i bought a spare.So replacing the control box was easy and I relocated it in the engine compartment.The second one worked well for a few days , then my car battery started dieing.One night I noticed the control box was turning on the lights draining the battery down.So this is strike 2 with this product . The places I go camping , I ca n't afford to wake up to a dead car battery.When the 1st control box failed , I opened up the box and noticed the circuit card looked cheaply made and the quality was lacking.It 's too bad , I really liked the concept of this product and it fits the bill.If the company would beef up the quality of the electronics and make the control box waterproof I would buy this product again . Until they do , this product is a crap shoot : -LRB-
 Will echo what others have said
 Pilot Performance Lighting PL-SW29 4 Channel Wireless Remote SwitchThis remote control is installed on my old Goldwing and can turn on LED 's , lights in the bags , the stereo , & beep the horn . It dose all this well now but the first one would do things randomly like in the middle of the night . amazon did replace it with no hassal and the new one works fine . I seams like a well made gadget .
 Pros
 After reading the various reviews herein , I decided to use it to operate my wheelchair lift and auto door openers on my van . Since the wiring is netural , it worked great on the negative activated switches that operate the equipment.The device works well , no problem with installation , the remote is holding up well too . Just to be on the safe side I bought another one for back up today . The thing will go South eventually and I do n't want to be stranded , not able to get into my van.I was concerned that the unit could be tripped accidently as I drove down the highway . You do n't want my lift dropping down on you as you try to slip by me at 75 miles an hour on the highway . I have had no such problems.How can you go wrong with this thing ? Less than $ 30.00 , easy to hook up and works flawlessly .
 With the antenna extended on the remote but not extended on the reciever this thing has at least 200 ' of range.Operation of the unit has been flawless so far . Lets hope it stays that way!Definitely 5 stars !
 I am using this device to control ice cube relays that power linear actuators . With two actuators I have control over in and out by using this one device and one key fob . The on/off switch is great feature and everything worked well right out of the box . Changing resistors to that the signal is momentary was easy but I needed a jewelers glass to see them . .
 Thank you all who posted reviews on this unit , especially the intructions on how to hook up . It made it alot easier to install . I bought this unit for an application where I needed to remotely power a golf push cart . All the channels work as described and I was able to easily hook up the unit . So far it 's been flawless . I also like the fact that it included a 15A inline fuse for protecting the unit .
 I have been searching for a four channel remote switch for the electric wheel chair lift on my Ford handicap van and found only switches that sold for $ 400.00 and up . We found the Pilot PL-S29 4 channel switch at Amazon and for $ 23.00 and some change thought what the heck have I to loose lets give it a try . We installed it this afternoon using all four channels -LRB- stow-deploy and up down -RRB- After about an hour and a half we were ready to test the remote and lift and much to my delight it works perfectly . This job was estimated at $ 600 to $ 700 at the electronic accesory shop and more then that at the mobility place . To sum it all up not only did I save a lot of money it works great as well and I would recomend this remote switch to a friend to controll any automotive accessorys . I am allready thinking about some lights for the front of the van utilizing a second PL-SW29 to controll those .
 There are two colors per channel . One wire goes to positive wire of accessory and other wire goes to positive on batter to provide power to accessory . Negative of accessory just go straight to negative on battery , it does not have to go to the channel . Instructions on back are horrible .
 Agreed , This 4 Channel Wireless Remote Switch works great . I bought another universal switch on ebay and it had no range at all . I can turn on my equipment will im driving the car or on the outside of the car . Great buy !
 We have been using this same model for years on our workboat in the MDR harbor.It activates our onboard pump from 50 to 75 yards away . If we lose the clikker . . we buya whole new unit and its plug and play .
 The directions on the back of the product are absolutly terrible . They tell you little to nothing about the device and half of the important part is covered up by a security stickers thus making it unreadable . Once you figure it out it works amazingly ! As the previous buys said there you need to supply power to each of the four accessories as well as the main power wire for the reciever . Take a look at this forum for extra help :[ ... -RSB-
 This is an great product once u figure out the secret to make it work . It has two wire of each color one goes to the power wire of the product the other wire goes to a seprate power source . The second wire and the main power wire -LRB- red -RRB- both have to be entergized and the directions dont tell you thishope this helps
 This is a great unit , it 's really easy to set up if you ignore the instructions on the packaging . Other reviewers have mentioned this as well . If you Google `` PL-SW29 Installation SX4 '' it will take you to my write-up on how to install this unit on the clubsx4 website . If you 're worried about wiring this unit into your car , put that aside , it 's extremely easy and you do n't even need to solder a thing.Good Luck and enjoy !!
 I actually use this in a haunted house for remote prop activation . This thing is great . Super easy to understand and use , amazing range , and cheap . How can you go wrong ?
 This is a great device , easy to install , works great but as another reviewer noted -LRB- and thanks for that -RRB- the instructions included are less then clear -LRB- actually wrong -RRB- , somethings are lost in translation . Each color matched pair of wires is separate power in and load out it does n't matter which one.Then of course power and ground to the main unit.I wanted to install auxiliary lighting on my rig but could not find a way to get a switch wire from the engine compartment into the cab , no problem , no wire with this.I Velcro 'd the main unit to the top of my fuse box and the remote switch to the dash . This would be great for all sorts of accessories .
 Conventional wisdom states that we drive aux loads off our vehicles with a switchbox . Well what do you do when you run out of room for switches ? That was my dilema , plus I kinda sorta wanted a remote activation feature when I was outside the car to scare away problem children.This fit the bill perfectly . I wired up 2 grille lights and 2 alley take down lights to it for the 4 circuits . With 8A per output there was no need to do a double relay , which is really rare these days . I put the remote off the battery with a 40A square fuse -LRB- 4x8A max = 32A -RRB- upstream and put 10A inline fuses off the outputs to keep everything safe.Now my car can be parked innocently at night when a curious fellow intent on no good comes up and I click on the takedown lights by remote control and he goes running for mama . Oh the fun you can have with the remote.That 's the only weak piece is the buttons on the remote - they are not the best quality , so I have it on my to do list to get a learning garage door remote that can learn the stock remote so I can put it safely in the glovebox then carry the aftermarket remote . I suspect it would be higher power too giving me more range , which done right would be really good . For the antenna wire I had a spare roof antenna that I tied it to so I 've got extra range on the receive end already and can activate the car from 400 + feet away.Last but not least its a great way to find your car in costco 's parking lot at night !
 This remote is amazing . Each channel can be made to be momentary , or alternate action . Each one can also handle up to 8 amps , or can be used to trigger a larger switch or relay . While lighting control is it 's primary purpose , I also use it to control my train horn , as well as the main compressor . I like the small slide switch on the remote fob so you wo n't accidentally turn on one of your devices This product ca n't be beat at this price .
 I installed this on my triple axle trailer , I use it to control the electric winch . works great and I still have two channels open for additional accessories . have not even needed to extend antenna on transmitter with 125ft of cable on winch . . I got mine at auto zone but they do n't seem to stock them anymore so will prob order a couple extras for future projects via amazon . . as previous review said . there are a pair of wires for each of the four channels , connect one of the 2 wires to power or ground depending on if you need a power or ground trigger and the other wire of the pair to the accessory you are controling
 I used this product to control the WARN ATV Lights I mounted on my enclosed car trailer . This remote does a good job . One bit of advise . Do not purchase this unit thinking you can control an electric winch with it . I tried that with the winch in my car trailer and it did not work very well due to a time lag between pressing the button to stop the winch and the winch actually shutting off . Not sure if the winch or this unit were at fault . I bought it to control my lights so not working with the winch was not a big deal to me .
 Bought this product from Pep Boys for $ 40 + dollars , not realizing the cheapness on here , whoops!Anyway had problems figuring out the way it works , -LRB- instructions not too clear -RRB- . One wire of the two for a switch has to be connected to your product of choice , + or - regardless , and the second wire of the same color connected to the same source , -LRB- either chassis ground or power source -RRB- . Luckily for me not to be the type to give up so quickly , i figured this out by testing connections on the circuit board on the inside.Anyways great product overall , connected sw1 to a relay that connects to my ignition wire -LRB- spliced -RRB- , and sw2 to my starter wire -LRB- spliced -RRB- to make a homemade remote start . -LRB- DO NOT RECOMMEND FOR ANYONE UNLESS YOU HAVE EXPERIENCE WITH IN-DEPTH AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRICAL WIRING -RRB- . Product works great , has great remote range as long as antenna reaches at least up to the top of the dashboard or equivalent height . 5 * all the way !
 I purchased this product from Amazon with the sole intention of using it like a switch from my LED fire lights . This product was easy to install , and works great ! The range is very good , and the remote even feel 's heavy duty . And I love how the remote has it 's own on/off switch . This way if one of my kids plays with it , it 's harder for them to be able to actually turn on the lights . Right now I 'm only using one of the 4 switches to power my LED 's , but I am planning on using one of the other 3 to turn my strobes on/off when I get them installed in a week or so . With this , I do n't even have to run any wires into the cab of my Frontier to use for switches , I just hit the remote , and I 'm good to go !
 I bought this for my grandson to play with . He loves pressing the buttons on the car key fob . Unfortunately , when he hits the panic button , he is the only one that is pleasantly surprised . This remote can be hooked up to a door bell , a horn , a buzzer and or lights with up to 4 circuits , there is a variety .
 The seat cover fit my seats perfectly . The color was not what I was expecting but I did n't have the correct of my seats either.All in All the covers matched okay .
 I was a little hesitant to order this since I was n't able to find any reviews online for the ACDelco part . I came across this while searching for SPC Part No 67290 . The SPC part was almost double of what this ACDelco part is listed at , so I went ahead and took a chance and bought this.Guess what , it is an SPC control arm in an ACDelco box , and for almost half the price found elsewhere . It was a pleasant surprise.Its missing the Castle nut and cotter pin , that 's why I have given this 4 star . Overall I 'm happy with my purchase , and will update this review after I put this in .
 The Motowasher really works great for washing my motor home and siding on my house . The battery always seems to out last me and charges fast so it is ready by the time I have rested . Would definately reccomend it for any one with a lot of things to clean like boats , cars & motor homes .
 I 'm glad that I had the money to buy the merchandise . Everyone should invest into car alarm systems because at this point , people are stealing and you do n't know what people will be doing in the future . It was a good buy and I am very pleased with my purchase . Thank you for making an affordable purchase !
 With a well marked up price and a good brand name , iam glad I have this alarm system.-Attempted robbery is always hard to mark because the people doing the crime always find a time when were most vulnerable.My time was when I was a sleep , at 3 a.m. lucky for my dog and father who had warned me of such things were not so far to be careful of -LRB- in my own parking lot ! -RRB- . This is the reason why I bought the Hornet ; it 's both easy to use and practical . I can sleep easy knowing that the vibration sanative alarm is on and working , as well as the fact that I do n't really half to go out side with a flash light and screaming about with the possible chance of getting shot ...
 Good after sale support from Alex when he heard that my item got lost in transit . Item was replaced immediately .
 Fought my brake problem for a long time . Finally bit the bullet and ordered this . Bought 2 of the dorman kits to get the 2 plugs required to bleed it . Bench bled it -LRB- 15 min -RRB- . Installed it -LRB- 1 hr , mostly because of weird wrench angles -RRB- . Jumped in an gave it a test run . Works great . I didnt even need to bleed the lines . Finally safe again .
 Love my dash mat . We bought an older car that had a sun spot on the dash , this mat works perfectly .
 I just bought the complete set of Husky floor liner mats -LRB- front , passenger , and cargo area -RRB- for my 2007 Honda Pilot . They are not bad but for the price I thought that they would be a little better quality . These mats are made out of a semi-rigid plastic NOT rubber and although they seem durable the plastic seems thin and flimsy compared to the premium rubber floormats I 've bought in the past . They arrived promptly but the mats were rolled up in their flat boxes and since they are made of plastic they developed crease marks and were slightly deformed when removed from the box . This also caused them to not lay flat when I put them in the car . The good thing is that these mats are custom made to fit your vehicle without the need to trim or shape them . Overall I am happy with the purchase but if given the chance again I would purchase rubber liners from WeatherTech instead of the plastic liners from Husky.Zak
 As the son of a mechanic , I like tweaking my cars , like computer module and exhaust upgrades . I find that these upgrades are complimented with a more free flowing air intake system , or if on a budget , a K&N ; air filter at the least.After much research , I found K&N ; to have the greatest filtration properties along with the best airflow available by a mass produced air filter , so I use it in all my cars .
 AC Delco 's model 214-1090 replacement EGR valve was a perfect direct replacement for the defective unit on my 2000 Monte Carlo LS equipped with the 3.4 l V6 engine . This is the fourth EGR valve replacement on this engine , with the most recent valve failing at 111k . Code P1404 appeared on the OBDII monitor when the EGR failed to function properly . Typically , the EGR fails to open in a timely fashion , correspondingly setting the P1404 flag on the ECM . Replacement of the EGR valve with this AC Delco model 214-1090 cleared the active flag -LRB- and MIL or dashpanel light -RRB- , and after approximately 50 key-cycles the pending code also reset itself.Initially , in 2002 , the GM dealer attempted to ` clean ' the pintle and orifice of the OEM valve , but this repair was short lived . The active error flag / MIL was set within days of this repair . After the EGR was replaced , the new EGR functioned adequately for approximately 30k miles . In particular , all EGR valves on this engine last between 25k and 33k miles , or 2 to 3 years of engine operation.I highly recommend this replacement EGR valve , but would like to extend an open invitation to AC Delco to examine the design of the pintle and offer a version that is largely self-cleaning , thus extending the operational life of this component .
 I do n't remember what I used it on , But they are all the same . Washable filters to help you save money on not buying a replacement ... . and they add like 1hp too HaHa
 I bought a set of Pulsar Iridium spark plugs to replace the existing set of NGK spark plugs in my Infinity.The NGK Platinum plugs had about 100k miles on them and the engine performance seemed to be dropping slightly.After installing Pulsar Iridium Plugs the car did n't run right . The engine misfired and ran uneven.I pulled them out and bought a set of NGK -LRB- 6240 -RRB- PLFR5A-11 Laser Platinum Spark plugs which were the same as the original equipment on my car . These NGK plugs worked splendid . My car 's performance was restored to like new.I recommend these spark plugs .
 Put them in my 2004 G35 sedan at 72K miles -LRB- 6 years -RRB- . OEM for my car.Couldn ' t tell a difference frankly , but I did it preventatively and I am glad I did it . The old ones definitely showed some wear when they came out , but no oil contamination thank goodness.Relatively simple process . They come pre-gapped .
 This is a very good price for these plugs . It is also a plus that you can get free shipping with them . The only downside is they limit the amount you can purchase to 5 plugs . I 'm not sure if they did their research on this item . It is the required plug in many Nissan/Infiniti engines that require 6 plugs . I found this somewhat annoying . I will have to go buy another plug from Auto Zone or something now . Maybe they should look into this and allow people to purchase 6 instead of 5 .
 Quite pricey I know , but these NGK 's are the BEST ! Compared to other spark plugs I have used on my 03 ' Nissan Altima these were the very BEST . No problems with idle , and it added about a mile or two to my mpg 's . I highly recommend using these spark plugs , especially on your Nissan Altimas .
 I threw these in my 03 Nissan 350z and it runs just like new again ! I would highly recommend them . Same ones as stock .
 Amazing sparks , very good performance , they have a long live and the car engine works very light with them I am satisfied with them .
 It was an exact replacement and worked perfectly . I put a little no-seize on the threads , and carefully tightened it to specs .
 i havent installed it as yet , but i have all faith in the product . i 'll repost once its installed in the car .
 Great plugs and were much cheaper than the price at Auto Zone . These were stock replacements for a 2005 3.5 Altima SE with 106,000 miles . Horrible process to replace so I made sure I got the stock replacements so the car can go another 100,000 miles . After installing the car ran much smoother like new again .
 these are great plugs . they are kind of expensive , but at least u only have to replace them every 100,000 miles
 Well , installed these spark plus in my M35X , i noticed that the lag time between hitting the pedal till the car moves , reduced ! yes the car now response better . but to be honest there is no change in acceleration speed .
 The NGK -LRB- 6240 -RRB- PLFR5A - 11 Laser Platinum Spark Plug was a perfect replacement for my QX56 . Great product . Would highly recommend .
 I ordered 6 and they arrived on time . I will order again from dealer . They run perfect in my car . Smooth sailing .
 It works as it is supposed to . Came on time and fit perfectly . I have tried so many other companies but I think this is the one to stick with .
 I ordered six of these spark plugs for my 2006 350Z . Shipping was a breeze . Each spark plug in their original box . No problems after installing them in my car . I highly recommend them .
 Unfortunately this is the only plug my nissan pathfinder takes . The price could n't be beat . This plug sells in auto stores for 10.00 .
 These are great plugs that wear well and last long . HOWEVER , Amazons part matching system says these plugs will fit a 2008 Nissan Altima S 4 door 2.5 liter ... they DO NOT . These plugs are far too big to fit . I had to purchase the proper fitting plugs at the dealer at a cost of $ 16 each -LRB- They wanted $ 20 but I worked them down -RRB- . The plugs I pulled out had the following markings
 I can tell you its working in my 2003 Ford Ranger with the 4.0 L SOHC V-6 . even though it did n't list my model on their description , it will match do a search for `` Airaid 400-507 '' in google and you 'll see it matches much much more than what the seller lists . Also , I ca n't say if it affected my gas mileage or horsepower at all as I dont Dyno my vehicles , but it seems to help tow my boat around which is what I bought it for ... plus it also whistles very well with a manual transmission .
 This is the perfect fit for my Ford F250 tail light and it does n't get any easier with just two screws to remove and replace.If the shipping was more in line with the part price it would be perfect.This was one of the easier repairs on a truck I have ever done .
 This was a low priced part compared to other brands , but seems to work , and sends the proper signals the same as my OEM one did . The only reason the original was replaced was because it cracked .
 I MUST SAY THAT THE CARDONE 58-572 WATER PUMP IS A PERFECT FIT FOR MY 2003 DODGE RAM 1500 4.7 L 4X4 TRUCK . I AM HAPPY ABOUT THE PRODUCT FOR MORE THAN ONE REASON.FIRST OF ALL I DID THE JOB BY MY SELF BY REPLACING THE WATER PUMP.VERY EASY TO DO.I LIKE.I ALSO PURCHASE A PAIR OF UPPER CONTROL ARMS FOR THE TRUCK A COUPLE MONTHS AGO . THE SAME CARDONE PRODUCT.AGAIN VERY HAPPY WITH MY DO IT YOUR SELF JOB.THANK YOU
 Easy to install ... . Keeps cold air out of attic . . Will recommend ... Good buy ... I give 5 stars .
 Fit perfect , , great product . Exactly as specified and delivered ahead of time . This is a great product to invest in and the price was fair .
 I had purchased a cargo liner for my 2005 Rav4 4 years ago and it still looks new so I knew when I got the 4Runner I must have the same type of liner for my new truck . Have a big dog and it 's a must have to protect carpet .
 This is a pretty good product . It is tough with cargo mats as most of them are not exactly what you hoped for but it works well . I particularly like the upturned edges that keep water and snow and whatever else on the liner , instead of allowing it to run off the edges onto the carpet.The Husky liner fits pretty well , although it has a bit of trouble relaxing into the depressed areas of the trunk because the fit is not absolutely perfect .
 Ordered this liner because I have two 70 + lb dogs I ride in my 4Runner . Was a bit disappointed when the liner arrived , as it is a plastic composite rather than dense rubber . I hope this product can live up to my expectations .
 AWESOME LINER - Best product available . One small problem did occur . Incorrect product code for 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee liner in Amazon catalog . Had to get a RMA and return original and then order correct item . Verify number with Husky Liner website prior to ordering to avoid this problem .
 I really have no problem with this liner in my 2007 4Runner . I would have like it slightly more rigid for most applications.But , perhaps they thought about it more than me ; there havebeen a few occasions already where a more rigid liner would havelikely cracked due to an oversized object -LRB- if I need to put the seats down , for example -RRB- .
 I use this on my mower and snow blower . Works great when its hot or cold . What more can I say
 I actually had this Hitch installed within 5 minutes after UnPackaging.I installed onto a 2003 Chevy Tracker ZR2 . I got a little stressed at first because the packaging only included the screws and washers and I thought to myself that the nuts was left out of the packaging.I then noticed that the frame of the Chevy Tracker already had threaded slots for the screws to screw up into.That made the whole project just a breeze to do.The Wiring Harness which was a Hoppy brand was easy to install also as I had to remove the rear-driver 's side panel to locate the outlet to plug the Harness into . What I do n't like about this is that the wires are always exposed and laying on top of the carpet in the back of the Chevy Tracker . I was hoping that it would connect somehow underneath of the Chevy Tracker somewhere in the same area where the Hitch was installed .
 I bought this for an EFI conversion I was doing and I found that out is bored for the 350 throttle body not the 454 throttle body . The gaskets and hardware are good , Machining on it is just okay .
 I own four different styles of wheel chocks , two self-locking and another one similar to this . Each have their good and not so good points . I have used this one successfully for two seasons and am happy with the results.The unique features of this chock are the high quality chrome finish , the 99 % `` removability '' and `` V '' shaped front . The chrome plating , as well as the tube stock , is seemingly very thick and durable . Although the main chock tube assembly is removable , the two rear cleats remain secured to the floor . That 's only a problem if the floor surface is shared for walking such as inside a toy hauler or camper , as it can create a tripping hazard . I countersunk mine into the reinforced floor of the toy hauler , though it was difficult because of the irregular shape of the cleats . Other chock companies use round cleats , so countersinking is more easily accomplished with a `` light touch '' of a hole saw and chisel . The front anchor point for the `` star '' wheel bolt -LRB- wingnut-like -RRB- is a threaded insert and fits flush with the floor . I found that the `` V '' shape of the tube frame held the front tire more securely than my other chocks with the round `` U-shaped '' tube . My FJR1300 is rather large and top heavy -LRB- 700 lbs -RRB- with dual front rotors , so every advantage is helpful . I purchased this 6-1/2 '' version so that it would be secure but not damage the rotors , and it 's worked well . Obviously , this is only a good point to start the securing process of a motorcycle . In addition to this chock , I used a combination of `` E '' channels , rubber matting , and suitable tiedown ratchet strapping .
 a parts manager recommended this filter for my new nissan truck 10 years ago.the vehicle has 140,000 miles and performs great without a dirty engine.i use this with syntetic motor oil.i use purolator pureone on all i my vehicles .
 This works like it is supposed to . Can bearly feel the trailer behind me when towing . It is real easy to install . I think it took me about 25 - 30 minutes to do . Make sure you follow the directions to the letter . Word of warning ... Do not ever back up with this hooked up . you will bend it . Get in the habit of removing it prior to backing up .
 A sway bar control is a must and this one does the job beautifully . I chose to have both pieces welded vs. bolted . I loosened it when I was driving on the slower mountain roads because it makes a grinding sound when the bar is tightened . You know it 's doing it 's job when you hear it . I just drove across the San Mateo Bridge which is 10 miles over the San Francisco Bay , very windy , and my trailer handled beautifully .
 I had driven a few hundred miles with our 2009 Ford F-150 pulling a 31 ' Ultralight TT and `` it only swayed a little when a truck passed us '' . I installed this before heading to Alaska . I immediately noticed the beneficial effect . I 'll never pull without one again ! You are much more in control . On some of the roads we drove , it would have been very unsafe without theCamco 57521 RV Olympian Adjustable Sway Bar Control . I highly recommend it .
 We have a 18 foot pop-up camper being pulled by a light-weight pick-up truck -LRB- Dodge Dakota -RRB- . The sway bar works great and we have had no problems in any type of road conditions or weather .
 Total time on install was a little over an hour.This does require some welding and drilling.Tip
 This thing does a great job of killing the Death Wobble of my trailer.If not for this thing I can not drive with my camper any faster than 50MPH . With this thing I can do the speed limit and take the blow-by of big rigs with ease.No more death wobble to fear .
 I purchased this at the same time as a load equalizing hitch . I was n't sure I needed it as the trailer seemed to tow fine , but I thought it might be useful in high wind . After towing with the sway control installed , I plan to use it whenever I am towing . It seems to cancel out a lot of the small movements created by the trailer and makes the tow vehicle ride better and feel more stable . The only disadvantage I have found is that the sway control `` groans '' going around corners . This is one of those `` that is just the way it works '' situations , but it would be nice if it were quieter . It also adds another step to hitching up the trailer , but the sway control is very easy to install and remove . Overall , a worthwhile addition even for a trailer that tows well already .
 put this sway bar on my pop up camper.it worked like it said.no more swaying.i dont really see how it works but it does.easy to instal.just have to have the arm welded on to your hitch receiver or u can buy an adapter that bolts on.well worth the $ 45 and the shiping was free.came in less than a week.amazon has great delevery . .
 all parts appear to be of good quality and function well - and at great savings over similar american made product $ 50 vs $ 250 - i believe in buying american but i dont believe in throwing money away
 I was towing a 29 ' trailer with a GMC HD , and I was having some sway difficulty . With the sway control installed , I now experience NO sway at all . One does the job with my 29 footer .
 THIS SWAY BAR WORKS GOOD ! At 60 MPH I would get dangerous sway when pulling my 8 x 16 ' Fish house . I installed this bar and all the sway went away completely even up to 70 MPH . I usually will drive 60 MPH with this big house anyway . But you must disengage it if it is icy so it wo n't have a chance of pushing you or not letting you turn . I have n't tested that . Since the trailer hitch bar on a fish house is smaller than a camper I had to drill a couple extra holes in the mounting plate so at least I have 5 screws holding it on . The sway bar does creek when you are turning but that is how you know it is working . No big deal . You cant turn too sharp , about 45 degrees , or it will bind/contact the other parts of the hitch . Keep in mind , the most important factor to prevent sway is to make sure you have enough tongue weight on your trailer -LRB- about 15 % of the trailer weight -RRB- - put your heavy items toward the front of your trailer . Good price for $ 43 and works good .
 HAD THIS IN THE PAST AND HAVE TO CHANGE IT TOO A NEW ONE . - - - THIS ONE IS GREAT AND WORKS GREAT THANK YOU - - - THE PRICE WAS GOOD TOO .
 We bought a 29 foot trailer after hauling a 19 foot . During the first small trip the trailer was swaying all over the place . We purchased the Camco Adjustable Sway Bar Control . On our recent trip the sway was minimal and we believe with some adjustments -LRB- you have to get the right tension -RRB- it should be fine .
 Bought this for much less than anywhere else . It works great . I use it for a 28ft trailer and do n't get any sway .
 When I go camping I pull two trailers with my pick-up , which are the pop-up camper and dual jet ski trailer . When I tried this set-up without the anti-sway bar the jet ski trailer was extremely prone to sway at any speed over 40 mph . After I purchased the anti-sway bar , I can travel 50 + before I have to worry much about sway.It is somewhat a pain to have the extra ball welded to your hitch , but it is a necessary pain . Once it is installed it does a good job in reducing trailer sway . It seems to be a great product at a very reasonable cost .
 I had this control on a trailer until one day I did not secure it properly , it fell , got run over , and destroyed . At this point I realized how well it prevented wobbliness of the trailer . Buy it ! you will not regret it !
 I use a pair of these on a 26 ' travel trailer that weights about 5,500 lbs . It seems to eliminate most of the swaying . I would certainly continue using it on the highway trips . Pretty easy to install , once you 've installed the plates and mounted the balls . I greased inside where the housing goes into the ball to reduce wear . I also would loosen them when you arrive and plan to park the trailer , as it will make the backing in process less noisy . They seem to reduce sway quite a bit . But it wo n't eliminate it when you get passed by big Semi-trucks going 70 + mph ! The good about that is that it will only sway a little . Whereas without it , it could sway back and forth a bit more . Very good and cheap solution for sway control .
 I purchased 1 of these to tow my 16 ft camper from Northern New England to Florida this past Spring . You can buy 2 of them and use them for extra protection . I did n't need to do more than 1 as my camper is about 1600 lbs ... It took me some driving and stopping to ask others why I did n't feel my sway bar was working to understand I was using it wrong.I had the sway bar to tight . The handle is very easy to turn and you can feel when it gets taunt . Over tightening it will defeat the purpose of using this item . It is NOT a stabilizer bar . . it 's a sway bar . . took me a while to get it ... I prefer to have the sway bar for my small camper . . plus it 's easy to remove or even loosen . . which you really have to do to turn around in tight spaces . The thing will screech as you turn ! The sway bar is sup to allow your camper to do some sway just not very much sway . if you over tighten it , it will not work properly . . when the wind hits you , both the camper and the car will feel the pull back and forth . . you do n't want that . . you want the camper to be able to have some sway with the wind . This product is great because you can adjust the amount of tension for low winds/high winds . GREAT PRODUCT !
 Although James wrote and recorded much of this album in early 1992 , a great deal of it stands true today . Songs like `` The Covenant '' could have been written about the events of the past three years , as we watch the integrity of our leaders being sold off to the highest bidders as we all look off at the latest media distraction . `` So we look the other way , as we pretend that we do n't notice that the flock has gone astray ... fed on style not on substance ... just more money over justice . `` While the music is far from angry , there is no loss of urgency . A song like `` Out Of Time '' -LRB- written during the Rodney King Riots -RRB- may be carried on a strong melody , but the message it conveys remains a potent one . As with all great songwriters , Stanley also recognizes the tiny margin between the political and the personal . The lovely a capella `` Flowers For The Living '' is a poignant reminder that love exists in the present tense , as a reminder that those who stand next to you require our attention every day . `` The Envoy '' delivers its message divinely , and is one of many fine albums from James Lee Stanley .
 This does really give you better gas mileage.We believe it will pay for itself in two months time.I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants better gas milege . Easy to put it on and does what it says !!!
 I like to go with OEM parts when I can and if the price is not way out of line . From my experience OEM parts seem to fit better and are easier to install than a lot of aftermarket parts , although not all.This filter came with a better gasket than the Wix -LRB- a brand I trust -RRB- filter from my local auto parts . The price difference was a bit more but , for the better gasket it was worth it to me and Amazon had it for a good price.It was packaged very well from ACDelco . The gasket was sealed flat instead of folded in a box like a lot of others .
 I bought this filter for use with a replacement pan from Doorman . The difference between ACDELCO and other aftermarket transmission filters are all in the seal and gasket . If your not replacing the filter seal with the new seal you can go with just about any other tranny filter and the quality will be just as good as the ACDECLO . If you want to replace the filter seal or not worry about purchasing a quality gasket with another aftermarket kit , get the ACDELCO.With proper maintencance a stock filter seal really does not need to be replaced . I just took one out that was 9 years old and it was just fine .
 Purchased this for a 2002 Cadillac Escalade . No issues after the first 3000 miles . It is an OEM piece that gave my mechanic no problems to install . It was priced right through Amazon and saved me a trip to the auto parts store .
 I try to use OEM parts whenever I can , as the fit and function and usually superior to aftermarket parts.This product was packaged well and a big plus was the flat gasket.Brian
 Like another buyer , I like the gasket . It is some type of rubber gasket . I used Permatex Ultra Rubber Gasket Sealant & Dressing on both sides of it . I also used a new Dorman pan -LRB- 265-811 -RRB- with a drain bolt so I could drain the fluid one time between filter changes.Plagiarized but can not put it any better : This filter came with a better gasket than others filters sets from my local auto parts . The price difference was a bit more but , for the better gasket it was worth it to me and Amazon had it for a good price.It was packaged very well from ACDelco . The gasket was sealed flat instead of folded in a box like a lot of others .
 Better than the regular stuff at the auto store . awesome 4 sure . Higher quality , stronger in ever way . pretty good stuff !
 This filter worked very well for my Chevy application . Fit perfectly . I like Amazon for buying auto parts . I save quite a bit .
 It was well worth paying extra for AC Delco and at $ 33 it 's cheap insurance against tranmission failure . Item fit perfectly and seal was just stiff enough that you could move the whole thing to line up the holes I could n't quite reach while lying under the truck .
 I work with trannies and this trannie filter rocks . High quality workmanship that exceeds OEM specs . When I unboxed it and began to set up for the last job this puppie just dovetailed perfectly . I have to admit I often get the feeling that I 'm being messed with by parts providers who just do n't seem to care . Here , though , it was a completely different experience . I want to say I found this part a cut above , and maybe a smidgen more .
 This is a great replacement filter . It installed great , and fit good with the Dorman replacement trans pan with drain plug I bought .
 This product was as advertised and the picture is exactly as pictured when it arrives . Keeping the gasket flat is key to a quick installation and it just makes it far easier than setting it in the sun for a few hours to get it to lay flat . I actually bought one a few years ago and the entire kit was in a small box and the gasket was folded up and it actually leaked after laying it in the sun to get it to lay flat . Hope this product stays on Amazon and they keep the packaging the same .
 ACDelco OEM filter fit as it should . Went in smoothly and my transmission has been shifting as good as new . A good bonus is the gasket is packaged flat so it makes the install much easier . I highly recommend the use of a secondary source to match the correct part numbers for your vehicle . Specifically one that specializes in only auto parts sales and can match your VIN with the correct parts . Then buy the parts on amazon to get it cheaper along with free super saver shipping .
 This made a whole lot of difference in my vehicles shifting and performance overall . It took only a couple of hours to change the filter , but I followed the instructions to the tee . I changed it with 80k miles on the 2006 silverado . The filter looked like sludge inside of it , also the pan had a layer of normal metal sludge filings in it .
 This filter and gasket were better than expected and at a much better price than local places . The local auto parts store wanted way more for this than Amazon . When it arrived , I was glad I ha ordered the original filter and not an off brand filter . The filter and the gasket are really well built and I will definitely buy from Amazon again .
 I purchased this for my 2008 TrailBlazer SS . The dealership wanted $ 86 for the same filter , plus $ 190 in labor to simply drop the pan and add 5 quarts of fresh fluid . What a joke . It 's not hard to it yourself on jackstands with the proper tools .
 Theae are the best brake pads that I have ever owen.They stop your car with no noise & no black dust.These are the only pads I will ever buy agan.Thanks Amazon for another great product . Carl
 this is a great keyring ... has a sturdy canvas strap and is available in 4 colors ... keys are hard to lose with these ... saw some at home depot but they stopped carrying them ... they are very handy and i am glad i finally found them ... these are something everyone can use and they are very inexpensive ...
 Lower radiator hose for my 1984 Corvette . Quality hose by ACDelco at a great Amazon price . Perfect fit .
 My daughter loves Pink Panther and she attached this cute little bendable keychain to her backpack . Seems to have a quality clasp .
 Great conversation piece . Part of a Halloween costume . I forwarded it as a gift . I will probably buy another in the future .
 This is a durable toy that will provide many hours of play time to my kids .
 These are the only plugs I 've ever purchased for my car , and they 've been fine . No problems . And no reason to pay more for expensive `` upgrades '' -LRB- platinum , iridium , etc -RRB- that are n't really necessary . These plugs are sometimes available a little cheaper locally .
 I 've purchased K&N filters for all my vehicles . Do n't expect huge horsepower or MPG gains . Do expect a high quality reusable air filter that will pay for itself after a couple of cleanings . I bought a K&N for my 2000 Mustang when I bought it new . The gaskets started to come off , so I contacted K&N . They sent me a brand new filter under the million mile warranty for free ! Really worth the money to get one !
 The title says it all and I could n't be happier ! Very easy direct replacement . . not only gained 3mpg in my '99 mustang but more horsepower as well .
 No change in performance in the car after I installed the K&N filter . Its a nice filter and I just clean it instead of replacing it so that 's an up .
 Wow this was a great deal ! Half the price of other K&N air filters on amazon and a fifth of the price of local auto parts stores . It fits nicely and noticed the engine could breathe better immediately . Also better power response and it never wears out !! Only requires occasional cleaning with soap and water , then a light coating of oil . -LRB- can be done with almost any oil , do n't need the kit they sell -RRB- Depending on how you drive , it also can give better gas mileage .
 This filter is everything K&N promised it would be . My 1999 Windstar saw a two mile per gallon increase and much better response to the gas pedal . I 'm impressed .
 I have a 1999 ford escort and I was tired of the throw away filters . So I bought this . I 've noticed a small increase in power and fuel economy , but not a significant one . It is an escort after all . I 'd recommend this filter to anyone .
 immediately after i had this filter installed my car ran 20 times better . increased throttle response horsepower and gas mileage a must have if you plan to have your car for a long time beats buying throw away air filters every 10,000 miles if you have your car for a long time think of the money you save . p.s after a 300 mile trip fuel mpg increased by 3 mpg
 As soon as I pulled this thing out of the box i could tell that it was a huge upgrade from the disposable air filters . The quality of this filter is incredible , and I really did notice some slightly better proformance from my car even though I did n't expect to . No dirt or other particles are getting to your engine past this thing . get yourself one . You will not regret it .
 Great replacement . Used it in my 2006 Dodge 2500 mega cab . yes it works and fits fine . Only reason I gave it a 4 star rather then 5 is because on the first two settings it has a wineding sound that is anoying .
 Part arrived earlier than expected , fan sound level is a bit higher than OEM , but cant complain at low price.Happy with part would recommend to buy .
 First , I purchased the hundred dollar version at Auto Zone to find out that their blower was so loud I would have to turn my radio up when it ran at the slowest speed . I checked Amazon out to see what my other options were and found this blower at a less than half the price . This blower proved to do the job quietly like my OEM version.Perfect .
 Not that helpful for a stock engine , but if used as part of a package -LRB- free flow exhaust , injectors , set up the pump a bit -RRB- it 's worthwhile . Follow the directions for cleaning , it wo n't take air pressure cleaning like a paper filter .
 I have owned several different styles for different vehicles , this filter is like the rest , perfect fit and good performance .
 This worked Perfect . When you run an HEI distributor there is not enough room to run a large diameter air cleaner unless you have this base with the offset . Fixed the problem.BW
 used this to get rid of the stock air box on my Dodge Durango . It required a 1/2 '' spacer for my use , but this product is top notch . . great fit and quality and much more affordable than I 've found anywhere else .
 The K&N Air Filter is great , and my car runs better and seems to have more power . Delivery of my filter was very fast . I would purchase again . Tim .
 This is a great responsiveness to add to your Truck !!! When you first hit it ... it 's THERE !!! No hesitation , not that there is alot anyways , but definately more snappy down low !!!! I would suggest anyone gets one on there car !!! This is the 2nd Throttle Body Spacer i have put on a vehicle and it had about the same feeling of difference !!! It is noticable , dunno HP/TQ , but the BUTT DYNO tells me ... MORE POWER !!!! : -RRB-
 Came quickly , product was as described and for fairly cheap . Was able to install this particular part within 15 minutes . Very pleased !
 This is the first thing I change any time I get a vehicle . Never have to buy another air filter , better fuel economy , and better power !
 got a great deal and made a huge difference on my car , i highly recommend this item .
 Look 's amazing on my GMC . Or should I say looked . I accidently bumped into a pole and it bent and cracked the lettering so I threw it out . Looked goog for 2 weeks though ! lol .
 Serves its purpose . Amazon had the best price and the Lexus dealer did n't sell any liners for the back . I gave it 4 out 5 because the liner still curls on the end so I will have to make sure I put enough weight on it to get it to settle down . There was no strange odor like I 've read in some of the other liner reviews . That 's why I purchased this one . I have had it about two weeks . Other than that , its pretty good .
 The cargo liner itself , does a good job of keeping things in place & conatining liquids , however , the raised lip could have been designed better . It is too flexible & sometimes gets in the way of closing the door properly .
 We 've had this liner for a month or so and it fits well and is of reasonably good quality . The lip around the outside of the liner is 2 - 3 inches which seemed quite high to me but does help contain any liquid spils .
 It seems strange to me that I can buy this item online cheaper than the local stores sell it but as long as some sellers continue to keep prices down llke this , I will continue to purchase from them . This was a good deal .
 I received my order a day earlier than what i was suppose to receive it . I ordered this for a Cadillac Seville 1999 , and It worked great I was going to take it to a Cadillac dealer but they wanted to charge me alot of money to program it so I took it to a GM dealer . They charged me way less . I love it now I do n't have to struggle with my keys at night : -RRB-
 These are by far the best plug for my Vette engine . Trouble free and get a good year from them . Great price on Amazon .
 This pedal kit is easy to install , only took me 1 hour in my Lancer . The screw system ensure sure pedal will not move after installed . They look really cool and the felling is superior .
 This is a great looking product and is relatively easy to apply -LRB- although peeling the numbers off is a little difficult at first -RRB- . My only concern is that its effectiveness depends on how many times a given number appears on your boat id . In my case I had three 6 's . That meant I needed a total of six of them -LRB- since the number has to be on both hulls -RRB- . The kit only comes with four . Yes it clearly states that but I did n't get my boat ID from the government until after I had ordered the decals so it was an unpleasant surprise . Luckily for me , an upside down 9 looks exactly like a 6 . So I was ok , but if you happen to have three 8 's or something like that , you 'll need two kits .
 I used this to replace some old cracked and dried out vacuum lines on my truck . Like the title says , it 's cheaper than buying it by the foot , from an auto parts store . It 's nice to have it handy instead of buying it as stuff breaks .
 This is a great dashboard cover ... pure and simple . The first time I laid it on my dashboard , it settled in like it had always been there . That feature , along with the fabulous price , ca n't be beaten . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Decent dash cover for the price . I had to cut some of it off because my truck was missing the dash pad so now I dont have vent holes but its ok .
 Got this item for work after seeing a similar item on Mythbuster . It came via USPS in an envelope . The item has it 's own plasic orange carrying case . It came with a 9 volot battery . The unit has a blue backlight that illuminates during measuring and makes a beeping sound . After releasing the trigger , it held the value for 10 seconds before shuting off . It emits a red spot laser for aiming and can be turned off if desired . The negatives is it 's only accurate on flat non-reflective surfaces . Also it had trouble reading samll heat souces . In our case we had a heater block that 's 3 '' square . Even with the unit up close it did n't give an accurate reading . The range is 550 deg C and we 're using it in the 430 deg range . Very accurate . Picked out hot and cold spots on the heating unit which was very useful .
 I received my replacement remote for my 2003 Subaru Outback 2 days ahead of schedule and I was having an issue programing the remote . I called tech support and my issue was resolved in less than 3 minutes . World Class service at its best .
 Part arrived when it was supposed to , in good shape . It arrives `` dry '' and no oil is included in the box . New purchasers should be aware that it arrives unoiled . You also need to order the oil necessary to make it work . K&N filters are a premium priced product and this is an additional expense that must be taken into account . I think the advertisements should have a caveat stating that filters are shipped dry and require the additional purchase of the proper oil before the first use .
 Item details are misleading . it says that it has a metal bowl which is incorrect , it has a metal shield , and this is not acceptable to ABS as i found out the hard way .
 I purchased this same item number to replace a blower purchased from `` Discount Starter & Alternator - Amazon Marketplace '' because at the time , Amazon did not have the unit readably available for delivery . I was working between Norfolk and Winchester VA -LRB- 4 plus -RRB- hour drive . I commuted in my truck so the car remained home and only driven on the weekends until I moved to Norfolk area which is when the unit died . Therefore , the A/C was only used rarely and failed the week I moved -LRB- car was placed on an auto transport not driven to Norfolk -RRB- and began driving it . Greg 's message was `` Thanks Chuck.I think you have a short in the wiring before you get to the motor.You have resistors there that control the speed of the fan.I will be happy to test the motor for you.Thanks , Greg '' I was animate to Greg that the blower was locked and I had no time to pull the unit since I knew it smoked and smelled like the original unit that failed after owning this car for more than two years with no problems . It cost to ship back and forth and I still have their locked unit . It was just easier to purchase from Amazon where they state there is 1-year warranty . When I pullded the unit purchased from Discount Starter and Alternator , it was -LRB- as I stated , locked up/melted -RRB- . Save your time and your money -LRB- especially if you have to wait for Amazon to restock and ship for free -RRB- , purchase from Amazon . The car is driven almost daily for the past two months and no problems with the blower purchased from Amazon so far .
 This is NOT a gasket for any kind of ` pump ' as listed.This is a water outlet -LRB- aka . thermostat housing -RRB- gasket for Chevrolets - small blocks and more .
 This tool pays for itself PERIOD ! I 've been installing for 15 + years & if you do a lot of mobile installs , this tool is a must have . Good handle or bad , it makes what can be a very time consuming firewall penetration -LRB- if done properly -RRB- a snap . Push this through an existing grommet , run your wires through & when you pull the tool out the grommet seals around your wires . It took you longer to read that than it takes to do it !
 These mats seem well built and will likely hold up pretty well in any car ! Not to mention they look good !
 This product is exactly what my wife wanted . She is a big fan of Winnie the Pooh . I would highly recommend this product for any hard core Winnie the Pooh fans !!!
 I use this inverter for powering power tools on construction jobs . It has taken the place of an 1800 watt gas generator . Wish I made the switch years ago . This inverter easily powers large 1/2 '' electric drills and most any other power tools without any problem at all . Setup quick connects , also available on Amazon , to my truck battery . All the other contractors are also amazed . Never again will I use a heavy smelly generator . The unit is lightweight , easily moved to different trucks with quick connects -LRB- non included -RRB- . Its a little bulky and may not readily fit in a standard pickup truck conveniently . However with the quick connects comming through the grill it can just be placed on the ground and used just like you would a portable generator , although it is n't weather proof so it would have to be protected from rain . Possibly behind the front seat . Mine is mounted in between the front seats of a Ford E-250 work van . Fits nicely there and is also used to charge all the cordless tool batteries . If all you needed was to charge cordless batteries a much smaller unit would be fine . But this 3500 will power anything you can plug into it .
 I use this in my Ford transit to power a microwave , coffee maker and toaster . This is great . I was even able to run the microwave and coffee maker at the same time . The only issue is the installation . I had to run a 0 gauge cable from my battery to the back of the truck .
 Simple & consistent operation , very well built . A great product at this price point and better than the other models tried previously .
 I 've run air compressors , table saws , and coffee machines off this . Not being a true sine wave I do n't think you 'd want to run any electronics on it -LRB- in fact , even the air compressor ` sounds ' different , so the waveform must be significantly different -RRB- . The included remote is handy . The display shows current battery voltage OR current watt output , but you have to toggle . In this price range you 'd imagine they could throw in the extra ten cent LED to show both , but its not a crucial flaw for me .
 I am a business owner who builds custom wooden crates and skids on site for the moving and shipping industry . Bought this hoping to eliminate the need for a loud exhaust puffing generator that can be hard to start in winter to power saws drills and air compressors in a small van that does smaller jobs throughout the city of Chicago . Plan was to hook it up to the existing battery in van and run all equipment while the vehicle idles.I must say it generates the power needed to power a 3/4 horsepower air compressor and a 13 amp miter saw individually . When they operate simultaneously it does struggle a little , but still does manage to keep everything running . This is n't that big of a deal for me as normally only one person is working out of this truck at a time . I was worried about it draining the battery of my vehicle but the safety shut off at 10 volts solves that problem . I did , later on , equip my truck with a deep cycling marine battery . Now for most jobs I do n't even have to idle van to continually charge the battery.In my application This is better than an invert-er generator because it is 6x cheaper for same wattage , quieter , and takes up less space in back of truck.Only thing is that a chart or reference of some type , to guide the purchaser , on the size of cables to use would have been handy . It took me a few hours of research to figure out the safe AWG of cable to use . I used 15 ft of 3/0 cable and it seems to be working fine.I eventually will equip my other small van with an invert-er also but I may go up in size to a 5000W unit .
 SUPER SUPERB PLAY ACTION!This 1992 Load Lifter from the Aliens movie!It 's aesthetics are awesome!With it 's head cannon raised it stands a mean 9 inches tall.Two monster robo arms with crab like claws at each end.The claws can be activated by buttons on the back of the shoulders!On both sides of the arms there is a gun.On top it has a big cannon gun which can be slid back or pulled up for when in use . It has a missile that is spring loaded and it fires very well ! It flys staight across the room!There is plenty of room so most any 4 inch figures can be used to drive the `` mech '' . A definite plus !!! In the movie this load lifter walked like a person , but on this toy it has legs attached to treads -LRB- like a bulldozer -RRB- But do n't worry it looks cool and does not bother me.There are no wheels on the bottom of it , but this is good because wheels can sometimes be annoying.I can not find a date on the actual figure =-LRB- but the box says 92 . I have wanted this for years and I am very , very happy to finally add it to my ever growing and onbnoxious collection!If you are a 4 inch figure collector or and Aliens fan , I 'd say go for it !
 first off i just have to say this is probably the coolest toy ever i but this -LRB- along with a Ripley action figure -RRB- and it is a very strong plastic and it almost complete resembills the power loader from the film the griping claw action -LRB- activated by 2 buttons on the back -RRB- are not very strong but are strong enough to lift other action figures the alienator missile on the top is n't very strong but it still can take out a eye so keep away from 3 year old 's and under i gave it a five star education ratingbecause it resembles a construction vehicle i gave it a five star fun rating because i litterly spent my hole day playing with it in my room so i recomend it alot .
 Bought this to replace the original someone backed into . The originaaal had the Lincoln emblem chrome on a small black shield . I preferred that one but could n't find one exactly the same . This one will do fine .
 I use discount autostore stuff in my other cars but want factory original quality in my classic corvette.This unit is identical to what came in the car , down to the exact part numbers . Factory original.And still cheaper at Amazon , than my local discount autopart store , with some off brand , probably made in china .
 I purchased this item for my Wife 's car and they are simply awesome . They bolted right up . Initially I had a problem with the order and the vendor bent over backwards to assist . They were shipped and received before Christmas . What a great purchase experience ! I will definately use this vendor for future purchases !
 It 's hard to understand why GM would make cars whose low beams turn off when the high beams go on , but they did n't pay me $ 60,000 / year to come up with silly ideas , so I ca n't explain it . This kit , however , solves the problem very nicely!One thing not mentioned in the instructions is that you only need to modify one headlight for this to work on both . I guess the circuits are the same , but my vessel of knowledge is still filling , so I ca n't say for sure . Still , it 's a nice feature that this only requires a single point of introduction.The kit went in without a hitch , and it continues to work night after night ; a great solution to a vexing problem !
 I used this to test the fork oil level in my Honda 2003 1800c . It saved me from having to disassemble the entire fork assembly just to change the oil . Worth the money .
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 71/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 Very compact , complete kit for hooking up a holding tank to a drop tank . Hose is quite flexible and stretchy , accessories attach quite readily as well .
 Arrived with the packaging damaged but does n't affect the Camco . The unit is well built and was a great buy .
 Now how does one rate a sewer pipe , does it get rid of the ^ % ^ % $ # , yes . Does it do it well ^ & % ^ % % $ , only if you follow the instructions .
 Seems to be well constructed but my camper sewer storage area is small and fairly narrow and I was not able to use the clamps that come with this unit . Not a big deal , just had to buy some hose clamps .
 Works great Well made product Connectors on each end sealed perfectly and the varible stepped adapter makes for a good fit for any hookup .
 I bought over a dozen of these at different pressure settings . I was once -LRB- many years ago -RRB- a `` tire buster '' and own my own air compressor as well as multiple air pressure gauges . Of a dozen -LRB- or more -RRB- , only one of these failed .
 Wow what a price could not beat this price from Amazon This Throttle Space was install over the weekend and wow it works very nice a little bit of sound to it but then it goes a wayThank AmazonPS K&N ; cold air intake going on next
 this Pintle Hitch is built of heavy duty materials.Works perfectly . Pin Safety lock is a plus .
 Received quickly and in the condition described . These are a little hard to install under the front of a brush guard , but I imagine they would be that much harder to remove with out the required special tool -LRB- included -RRB- . They do what they are suppose to do .
 Got a set of these after my KC 's got stolen one evening at Billy-Bob 's in Ft. Worth . No tampering or theft to speak of yet !
 I ordered two sets of these locks for all four of my off road driving lights . When the package arrived , it looked to me like there was one lock and one tool per package . My helpful wife helpfully pointed out that there are in fact two locks per package , one of the locks is stuffed inside the mounting tool.These locks , with their specialized installation tool should help prevent unwanted late-night light removal . I think they are a good , though somewhat pricey way to protect my investment.According to the package , these locks work with KC Daylighters , 6x9 Rectangles and 5 '' round lights .
 These KC Hilites Lite Locks were easy to put on and they 've worked well so far . A great way to protect your investment !
 Not much to really say ... it does its ' job so I am happy . If you park outside , I highly recommend them .
 I had to replace the head on my 1998 Escort and this was fit the bill . My only gripe was the valve cover gasket did not fit into the groove of my valve cover as the previous one did , it was more of a loose gasket like most.Also , the valve cover bolt gaskets -LRB- little rubber stopper looking things -RRB- did fit in the valve cover bolt holes ok , however they did not have the same clearance as my previous set , so when I torqued down the bolts they reached full insertion depth before the valve cover was tight ! This caused one bolt to snap off as I tried to tighten it down enough to get my cover from being loose . After I tapped out the broken bolt and acquired a new set from Ford , I had to put back in the original bolt gaskets .
 Brand New for 1/2 the price as other camping outlets , and the free shipping made this a super affordable item which is a must if you own a 5th wheel . easy to set up and very well made . Glad I took the chance and bought it from amazon .
 My husband being a dodger fan was very pleased with the purchase . It really dresses up the steeering wheel and since it is leather it is quite an adornment . Amazon has come through again !
 Helped a ton with the extra movement in the front . Love it and now will not travel with out it .
 Item was shipped in the original box . When it arrived the top and sides were torn . All seemed intact so I accepted delivery . There was a piece missing which is used to tighten the coupler under the king pin , but I used a long ratchet entension to improvise . The prodct is well made and works great . It did eliminate movement and stabilized the front of the 30 ' 5th wheel .
 Purchased This Camco 57391 5th Wheel Stabilizer From Amazon At A Very Good Price With Free Shipping and Am Very Pleased With This Product Reducing Alot Of Sway In My Camper.Highly Recommend For More Stability With Your 5th Wheel .
 Have not had a chance to use it yet -LRB- because my trailer is in winter storage -RRB- but it seems to be very well made .
 my pin weight is in excess of 4300 pounds and , while this is rated for 5000 pounds , i 'm a tad worried how this will endure until i can get back to indiana -- maybe a couple years -- to get my landing gear repaired . my other concern is the feet , which seem a bit insubstantial . i think they may fold on a gravel parking area . i 'll pack some wood pads for insurance .
 Being an avid RV ` r , I have seen many pin stabalizers across the country and this one is about the best you can get for the money . I waited a while before buying one as I did n't think it would make a difference . Boy was I wrong ! It makes the front of my 34 ft 5th wheel as stable as it ever will be . It was also very easy to install and of good quality . Highly reccomended !!
 We have a 2010 Outback 5th wheel that really rocks with the landing gear and rear stabilizers extended . Adding this King pin stabilizer did away with 90 % of the motion . Easy to set up and well worth the price !
 Well built device that is simple to use and store . It is heavy but not too much to handle . Very stable and quick to set up . The price was right compared to all others .
 This king pin stabilizer works great it is easy to set up and makes the 5th wheel more steady and does not shake or rock while you are entering or moving around inside . I would recoment that anyone needing a stabilizer for a 5th wheel this is a excellent item and a great value .
 You ca n't beat this stabilizer , especially at this phenominal price . I searched all over and could n't find anything of this quality for the price . I would recommend it to any fifth wheeler .
 Well made and a great value to add stabilization to the 5th wheel . Reduced most of the motion of the 5th wheel .
 This is the BEST stabilizer I 've found and Amazon has absolutely the best price for this item . I strongly recommend purchasing this unit . My only complaint is the chain that ties the legs together is a little clumsy to adjust .
 works great , I replaced the bolts with pins so I could disasemble and put most of it in my bumper on camper
 Should have purchased this years ago . Liked it so much I just sent one to my dad for Christmas . It even works well on uneven surfaces if there only out a few inches . We dry camp in rugged mountain terrain and very uneven spots and I will just put planks under the legs as needed and it still works fine . There is no movement in the front of our 34 foot Keystone Cougar . It wo n't take out all movement across the whole trailer due to your tires being able to move side to side , so you still need something else for the rear of the trailer . I considered the one with one adjustable leg , but did n't think it was worth the extra cost . The aluminum ones are lighter , but not a lot and they are almost double the price or more . I think this is great for the price and would definitely recommend this product .
 After we purchased the Camco 5th wheel stabilizer for our trailer we saw why so many other 5th wheel owners use this type of stabilization . Our unit is more solid when parked , very little shaking now . The Camco 57391 Olympian is a well built device , seems lite for the amount of stability it offers , so it is easy to move and install . If you are considering this type device for your 5th wheel trailer , we would not hesitate recommending this one to you .
 Product arrived on time and was exactly what was described . Very easy to use and to store . I prefer this 3 legged style for the stability in areas that have higher winds .
 I was looking for a King Pin Stabilizer that did its job as advertised but I did not want to spend a ton of money and this product fit the bill Camping World wanted almost $ 50 more for this product so Amazon money wise was the best deal . The product is easy to set up -LRB- follow the instructions -RRB- and too out about 75 % of the extra movement I had in my 5th wheel . Very good product for a very good price .
 This stabilizer is great ! Very easy set up and really prevents your camper from moving or rocking.There is really no assembly , just attach the cup mount and adjust legs in or out depending on the height of your hitch.It folds up for easy storage and is very durable .
 This is a very good product . I no longer feel our camper moving around when walking inside . The only thing was that when the box arrived it looked like it had been opened . When I assembled it there were no bolts or nuts to attach the feet to the legs . It looked like someone had removed the copper colored staples that hold the box shut and re-taped it back with clear packing tape . Other than this I am pleased with my purchase from Amazon .
 I have not had a chance to use this in the field however I did install it on my fifth wheel as soon as I received it . It was easy to assemble and easy to install . It seems that it does exactly what it is supposed to . Very well built and rated for 5000lbs . I am anxious to try it out on a trip , but for now ... just using it in my yard . If in the future I have any problems with this , I will update my review but at this time , I do not see anything about this item that will likely be an issue .
 This has really stabilized our 5th wheel . It is easy to use and folds down into a flat , long shape .
 I read some reviews , before I ordered , that said the packaging was so bad that a part was missing . I ordered it anyway . It arrived with one of the box all taped up , do n't know who did the taping , Amazon or Fed EX . There are 7 separate parts in the box , well a complete box , that is . My taped up box had 2 parts inside and 5 missing ones . Impossible to use in this condition . Amazon is fantastic and continue to amaze me with their shipping prowess . They did not hesitate at all , sent me a ups pickup shipping label for the defective unit and immediately sent me a new one . This one arrived with the box mostly intact and all the parts inside . Thanks Amazon , but who did n't notice about 10 pounds missing from the first box?Oh , I did put it to use and it does help stabilize the front of the 5th wheel .
 Purchased this product from Amazon.com before going on vacation to Cherokee , NC . Product arrived on time with no damage . This is a `` Must Have '' item it you own a fifth wheel . It really makes the RV move stable . The price at Amazon.com was the best that I could find on line as well as locally . I am really happy that I purchased it but wish that I had sooner !! And as a special bonus ... it is designed so that it can be locked , so that no one can just back up under your fifth wheel and take off . : -RRB-
 I purchase this item for personel use and it has preformed excellant . I was happy with the quality for the price I paid and would recommend this to anyone wanting a good quality product for a resonable price . MY brother has the same product in use currently , and it is performing great . Considering it is being used in the mountains of east Tn . on unlevel ground , the strength of this product is very important . It continues to perform very well with no issues .
 I just bought this for use on our new 5th wheel . Easy setup , good quality and does the job perfectly .
 Every fifth wheel owner should have one.Keeps from front of rv from shaking when moving around inside.Easy to set up . also you can put a lock on it , and cant be stolen.The camper or the tripod .
 Only wished it was alittle lighter . Would have bought the alum one , but the extra that the alum cost was n't worth it to me .
 I ca n't compare this to any similar products , but it does the job that it 's supposed to do , appears to be built to last , and I 'm glad that I got it .
 When we bought the 5th wheel we had no idea of how unstable it was when moving around in it . During our first trip , after leveling it and all , it felt that that thing was going to snap . I did n't feel safe in it at all , even when turning in bed . When we came back from our weekend trip , I started researching online and found out about this king pin -LRB- i wish I had done it before -RRB- . It is incredible how this thing works well .
 Very easy to setup . Cost very reasonable . Installed in a flash . 5-10 minutes max . I would highlyRecommend this product for 5th wheel use .
 Easy to store , handy and easy to handle , works great tostabalize the front of the fifth wheel , good price , all around good investment .
 Tried this out as soon as we got it , works great for the money , used it at campground and no problems with it on grass
 My husband loves the large circular chain , says it 's easy to adjust the height of the stabilizer . It is made of steel , but is light enough for me to carry when he is ready for it . It 's just what we needed .
 The product works as advertised in that it provides better air flow to the engine . I bought two of them . One is installed in a 2004 Lexus RX330 and the other in a 2004 Chevrolet Astro Van . We have n't put many miles on the Lexus since it was installed but in the Astro I am plagued with a Mass Air Flow Sensor fault code . It appears that when driving at high speed for a long time some of the oil from the air cleaner gets on the MAF sensor wires and causes a fault . It is an intermittent condition and it seems to clear itself , although I will probably remove the sensor and clean it sometime soon . It is , however , rather disconcerting to be far from home towing a trailer down the freeway and have the check engine light come on . Fortunately I have the capability to check the codes and even clear them while traveling but for someone who does not have the capability or understanding of the meaning of the codes it could ruin a trip . I have read that some people have removed the K&N ; filters and gone back to paper filters because of this problem . If the sensor gets really clogged and is not able to report properly it can cause some real problems , like causing the engine to run too lean and burning up the catalytic converter.So be cautious about these filters . Obviously they sell a lot of them and they do provide better aspiration and some small increase in power . I notice that my engine does n't seem to labor quite so hard when towing my trailer up a hill but it is a marginal effect.Good Luck
 I Used This on my moms 98 chevy Astro . It feels way nicer now . it improved my gas millage a little bit and I do n't have to keep buying filters!I also bought one for my 2003 Chevy Silverado .
 K&N ; air filters provide an engine with more air than paper elements.Therefore , more horsepower and better fuel economy . The numbers may be small , but they are better . Who does n't want that ?
 this thing is nuts another thing i doubted but tried anyway and it is sick adds noticeable low end torque and better throttle response the best part is also helps with mpg too ! and the icing on the cake is the little whistle you get at higher rpms the higher the rpms the louder the whistle sounds like a little turbo spooling up =-RRB- recommend to anyone looking for a good cheaper mod to add performance wise
 I got the spacer for my 2000 Toyota Tundra V8 a day early . I installed it in about an hour . I did not think the installion instructions were discriptive enouph and could have used a few more pictures . There was also no arrow to show me which derection to install the spacer . I had to use the bolt holes to line it all up . The pictures were of my exact engine which was great . I have a lot of basic skills in automotive repair and installing the spacer was easy but I was given throttle cable bracket mounting extensions and with such engine specific instructions they still did not explain or show how the extentions installed . Otherwise I would have had it installed in 40 minutes . I noticed right away that the tone of the muffler got a litle deeper and upon my first drive I noticed the truck jumped off the line quicker and accelerated harder than usual . I have had it installed for about 2 weeks now and I am still enjoying the better acceleration it has given me in the form of low end torque . I wish I could hear the whistle it is said to make but I think my intake and exhaust drowns out the sound . Bosch 4 Iridium Fusion plugs , Cold air intake , Throttle body spacer , and cat back super 40 flowmaster exhaust . Next step is a power programmer , performance MAF sensor and headers . Definately glad I purchased this product even though I was hesitant at first cause of mixed reviews .
 This is the inside piece to the jeep grille . The support was delivered as promised and was exactly as described . Not being a mechanic or jeep expert , was n't sure how successful we would be at getting it installed , but was not a difficult task . Getting the old one out was much more difficult than getting the new one in . Looks great .
 This item was installed on a 2000 Honda Civic EX . It fit perfect and works perfect with no problems so far . The item shipped quickly and was the best price I could find . I would recommend this product for a great after market converter .
 A mouse crawled into our old blower and died . It was nasty.My husband purchased this replacement part , installed it , and all is well .
 I had my mechanic install the Blower Motor and it works great . Quiet and of good quality . The price was reasonable and the product sturdy and made of heavy duty materials .
 About 6 months ago I had to replace the blower in my sisters 99 &#8217; Toyota Corolla . It was supper simple to install , and took 10 minutes max.I think that there were like 5 screws holding the glove box in , then 3 screws holding the blower in . All were Philips.This blower is working great . Blows strong and on low or medium you can hardly here it and that is when the car is parked . Once you are on the road you only hear it is it is on high . I give this product 10/10 .
 Fast delivery , easy installation , and works great ! Installation required that I remove the glove box , three fan assembly mounting screws , and unplug the fan 's electrical connector . That 's it ! Nothing more!TYC 700056 Toyota Corolla Replacement Blower Assembly
 Got it yesterday and installed in about 15 minutes . So far so good . It works just as good as the original did before it died . I have air conditioning again !
 Compared to the sealed beams I 've had these will do . These are a direct replacement for any 6 &#34; KC Daylighter lens . Ca n't wait to get these mounted up
 Compared to prices at local auto shops this was a steal . It took some monkeying to get the bulb in but now it works great . Slightly brighter than the OEM one .
 this was a perfect replacement for my 130w daylighter . very easy to replace . the beam matches my other original light
 I was worried this part might be hard to find , but a quick search at KC found the exact piece and a reasonable price . One happy customer .
 Actual this item was for my husband . He is restoring a 51 Ford Truck and this was for it .
 The Brute Force Intake System was easy to install and and was a perfect fit . The polished tube looks great and sounds great . Just be carefule removind the bolts for the throttle cable bracket on the intake they fall out easy . Even though you do n't have to reuse them I had one slide on the intak and I never found it .
 I bought this for more power ! it worked ! But not alone . I also have a high flow exhaust and a superchips programmer . The product really helps the engine breathe and it looks great ! BUY IT !
 The windshield washer pump fit my car perfectly and saved me about 75 % of the price the dealer quoted me . Flawless order processing and shipping . Thanks .
 This was just what I needed . I did not need a complete front sway bar bushing kit just the bushings that hold the sway bar to the front axle . These bushings took care of a rattle every time the truck would across a bump.These bushings are much better than the stock OEM rubber bushings . Very simple to install and at a good price .
 Found a tip in the Miata club where this check valve is used to prevent the vacuum from flowing back to the intakes . Used it on my supercharged BMW Z3 . Quick install .
 This was a replacement for one put on my gate in 1999 . Perfect fit . Installed easily where the old one was .
 This unit installed and worked flawlessly . It is a bit retro looking -LRB- but kind of nice in that way -RRB- . It must be installed carefully and a bit deliberately -LRB- easy on wood and a bit more difficult on metal -RRB- to assure that it will work well . In regards to the reviewer who had so much trouble , I belive that there must have been something wrong with the installation , alignment or adjustment -- especially if it resulted in bending the heavy iron hinge unit and pulling out the mounting screws . This item has been manufactured since 1927 and they are widely sold -- so I took the leap even after reading the negative review and I am pleased with the result .
 The Kant Slam sure is retro looking , like 1930 's retro . This closer is heavy duty . It works really well on the heavy metal gates at my apartment complex . People go in and out of these gates hundreds of times a day and the Kant Slam keeps working . Installation is difficult and the instructions are so wordy it 's easy to give up on them and wing it , which will give you bad results . For example , if you had to maladjust it to get your gate to close , you probably did n't know to remove the spacer that is factory-installed -LRB- and painted in place -RRB- to compress the springs for installation but has to be removed to allow closing . You have to drill through whatever your gate is made of , metal or wood , which may be beyond your abilities . You may have to substitute through bolts depending on the thickness of your material ; you may have to supply some washers as spacers if your gate and jamb are not in the same plane ; you may have to reinforce your gate at the point where the closer attaches . The only disadvantage of this unit is that the adjustable hydraulic damping that makes the closing action slow varies a bit with temperature . When you set it to close quietly on a winter day , it may close faster and slam during the summer . On the other hand the adjustment screw is big and turns easily by hand so you can make quick season adjustments sans tools . This is the best closer I could find for the money and when you need a closer that stays out of the way on the hinge side of your gate .
 This product can be difficult to put on the gate and to get it on properly . When installed properly it is amazing how well it works . My gate is much larger than the recommended size but it handles it ok . You do not want to open the gate beyond the point where the Kant Slam does not open further . This will break it . The gate should have a separate stopping mechanism . I find nothing else on the market to work as well as this and also be versatile in the method of installation .
 The people I talkd to were very helpfull and although the product was on back order , it arrived in 4 days I was very happy . The best price after a lot of research , plus they said they would beat any price - with a verbal quote too.The product was of excellent quality . .
 Im 57 I use these plugs in a 67 barracuda they burn clean and give you the edge you need . I also use them in a wheel horse garden pulling tractor , modified its a winner , I recommend these plugs they are worth the extra money If you want to be competive .
 I put one in my crappy craftsman mower and can now cut a half acre without refueling . In the past I 'd have to stop halfway through the backyard and lug out the gas can . I think it also gives the mower more power to get through tall , wet grass without stalling.I 'm now picking one up for my toro snow blower . Unfortunately they do n't sell an e3 compatible with my husqavarna blower .
 I bought these for my lawn mower and got 20-30 mins more run time per tank of gas for the same sq footage of lawn that i was mowing vs the original spark plug.Then i ordered some for my 1/2 ton pick up and i got more power off the line than regular autolites !
 I really like this gun , I love the power it has . It zips off lugnuts like their nothing . I like the adjustable forward speed . I was just misled by the fact that it doesnt have adjustable reverse , maybe i just didnt read it right or something . Basically it goes from 50lbs to 450lbs in forward drive . But in reverse you cant adjust the lbs , its just wide open 625ftlbs . So if you have a smaller bolt or nut you dont want to round off , it doesnt work so well . My dads older chicago pneumatic is adjustable no matter what so i thought this one was . Oh well I fixed it anyway by getting an adjustable regulator and some hose , I can attach it to it and adjust the air pressure down so the ft lbs is not as high . Thanks for the great product .
 This bag delivers on all accounts . Attaching to the bike is simple and secure - and there are several easy option . The bag is intelligently divided , with different sized pockets so keeping gloves , an extra visor , and all sorts of other items separated.The construction is solid . Nothing on the bag feels cheap or compromised . The main zipper even has an elastic strap to hold it so it does n't make noise while riding . I was able to fit the under-the-seat anchor piece on without having to remove the rubber pads under the seat . Although the first time it did n't work , I slid the leather anchor a little further back on the fender and the seat was then able to latch.I have seen some people -LRB- on other sites ' reviews -RRB- say that the bag is too small to use as a backrest . Obviously this depends on your motorcycle . I am 5 ' 6 '' and have a vulcan 900 classic . Putting the bag against my sissy bar makes using the backrest easy -LRB- and I do n't even have highway pegs , so I do n't lean back when I ride -RRB- . I would highly recommend this bag and would make the same choice again .
 Useful , versatile , durable . Great bag . I replaced a set of too-small saddlebags with the GranTour bag.The interior of the main compartment is 13 '' wide , 9 '' long -LRB- front to back -RRB- , and 10 '' tall . The lid has two compartments , one accessible with the lid open , that has a zippered mesh liner to hold things up . The other is accessible from the outside portion of the lid . This is where I usually stick my gloves . There is a pocket on the back that is a good place to stuff phone/charger/camera , or similar items . There is a zippered pocket on the outside on each side of the bag . I use one for the rain cover for the bag itself and the other is for random items-kickstand pad , house keys , things like that . On the outside of each of these is a mesh pocket that I 've never really used . The handle is kind of in a weird place but I have used it to carry the bag in to work a few times when rain was threatening . Having said that , I have been caught in the rain a few times and everything in the bag stayed dry.The bag has two large velcro strips that can be used to wrap around a sissybar and four metal d-rings on each side -LRB- two high , two low -RRB- with four adjustable straps to hold it in place . So far I 've only used one or two straps to hold it in place . With the MC Enterprises sissybar I have on my bike , I can loop the straps around the handles to keep them tight so I 've never used the under-the-seat pad . Also , I have n't used the retractable lock that comes with the bag so I ca n't comment on that.The GranTour bag includes a pad that attached to the bag with velcro so if you put the bag on your back seat , you can attach the pad and use it as a backrest . I 've done some 150-200 mile rides using the bag as a backrest and even with nothing in it , the bag still holds its shape and helps keep backache away.Anyway , I like it . It may not have more volume than the saddlebags I sold , but it is set up in such a way that it 's more usable for me . I 'm able to put a bag with some work papers , a change of clothes , sunglasses , a lunch bag , jacket liner if I need one , and other odds and ends into the main compartment without overstuffing it . If it 's mostly empty , I can put my EXO-400 in there to keep it out of sight . Overall , a good purchase for me . Highly recommended if you need storage room but want something removable and do not want saddlebags .
 Purchased this bag to on my 2011 H-D Road King with sissy bar and luggage rack . Could not ask for a better fit , it looks like it was made to go with the bike . Quality seems to be top notch . Very happy with this bag .
 This is a very easy bag to rig to your bike . I have an 06 honda sabre with a Mustang Seat . This bag is roomy , with a very nice backrest . If I had one little criticism it might be that I do n't fully trust the velcro straps that hold the bag to the seat . I simply supplement them with bungee cords . I used this bag on a 2000 mile trip last summer without a hitch . The backrest helped make the long-stretches tolerable . With the bungee straps it was also rock-solid in crosswinds . At one point I was in a crosswind so strong it literally ripped my magnetic tank bag off the bike ... The Kurakyn Grantour was rock solid .
 I ordered one for my brother -LRB- 2005 Kawasaki Mean Streak -RRB- and one for myself -LRB- 2007 HD Street Glide -RRB- . I love the versatility and the way it holds its shape . Lots of room . I have only used mine on a couple short trips . My Brother uses his almost daily to carry work clothes and extra helmet incase he meets a nice lady looking for a ride . He loves it as well but did have on of the buckles break while securing it . Comes with rain cover as well.Overall great product .
 I used the kuryakyn grantour bag as soon as I got it on a 600 mile trip.I got the Item fast as promised . It held everything I needed for the trip without a problem . You do need to strap it to the sissy bar if you pack it heavy . Try not to load it top heavy . It will try to lean if you do not put it on the sissy bar.I think the bag is very well made.I rode in the rain for two hours and with the cover on it everything stayed dry .
 This bag has been great and what I like most is it came with a cover to keep out the rain . The bag holds my lap-top backpack and a hard hat while riding . Great buy for the commuter and weekend trips .
 Needed a bag for my wifes bike , and I wanted to see how Kuryakyn bags compared to T-Bags . I bought T-Bag 's Laconia for myself . First the good points . The construction is very good , every bit as good as the T-Bag . Second , for the money , it was a good buy -LRB- I found it a lot cheaper someplace else -RRB- . Third , it can be mounted to the pillon seat using the supplied `` hooker pad '' , which is nice if you want to take two bags and the other bag needs to use the sissy bar for mounting . This is something the Laconia can not do . Fourth , it has a back rest pad , but I am not sure how well it works . Fifth , my wife likes it.Now what I did not like about it compared to the Laconia . First , the mounting system to the sissy bar is not as nice as the Laconia . Second , the Laconia has double zippers , so I can lock the two zippers together to keep people out of my bag . Third , the zippers on the Grantour side pockets banged together when riding . You hear it at first , but your brain ignores it after a little while.So over all I like the Grantour and so does my wife . The biggest plus for me is being able to mount it to the pillon seat and still mount my T-Bag Route 66 to the sissy bar and rack , something I will do on my trip this summer to give me more packing room .
 Good quality , my only suggestion is check the height , if mounted on back seat you may have a little trouble swinging your leg over it to get on the bike .
 I purchased this product knowing the quality of Kuryakyn products . It is EXTREMELY well constructed and spacious . I knew that I was going to need a lot of capacity being this was going to &#34; house &#34; my wife 's belongings for our extended trips . The ladies need &#34; just a little more room &#34; which this bag has plenty of . It fits the rear trunk rack of my Honda Goldwing GL1500I and secures very well with plenty of individual compartments , which helps keep things well organized . This is a VERY versatile piece of bike luggage that I 'm sure will give me many years of excellent service .
 bought a bike w/out saddle bags so i bought this bag and i have no complaints , it big and a quality constructed bag .
 I love the GranTour Bag . It looks small , but its extremely roomy . Easy to get on , quick to remove and very secure . I would recommend this to anyone thats looking for a travel pack .
 This same bag costs 200 plus at our local MC shop . This bag is loaded with pockets and extras . Well worth every penny .
 This is a perfect bag for around town or for small trips or weekend getaways . I have two side bags as well as this bag for the small stuff and a 3 stack set for long trips . I love the size of this bag . It has lots of room for glasses , two half helmets , shirts , hats , shoes etc and room to spare . I have a Harley Street Bob with a two up seat and sissy bar and this is one of the best bags you can get for just cruising around town on a poker run or shopping . The bag can adapt to just about any bike but is really designed for a cruiser style bike . It looks great and fits any brand or model cruiser bike out there.I would definitely recommend this bag for small to medium jobs out there but would not advise taking a long trip with it unless its for a solo trip then its perfect.What can I say , I was not disappointed at all with the purchase ... Great item for the money .
 I had heard great things about the GranTour bag , so I decided to purchase one before a planned trip . Received the item in a timely manner and began to install it . I had to do a small modification to the hooker pad , as I have to mount under the pillion , but it was no big deal . I used the bag a couple of times with no problem , but on my third use , the buckle broke . I contacted the seller , along with a photo , and they promptly sent me a new buckle . After a week , so far so good . Bag holds more than I expected , which is always good . Comes with a rain cover , also good and the zippers appear to be heavy duty . The bag is stable , even with just the straps holding to the pad under the passenger pillion , and being fully loaded ! Overall a great purchase , I just hope the buckles hold up .
 Purchased in 2006 and have used it every year since for lengthy motorbike tours -LRB- approx . 10 days -RRB- into the USA . I have it on my passenger seat -LRB- Vulcan 2000 -RRB- and it is held in place with 4 small -LRB- but strong -RRB- bungee straps that attach to the D-ring in each bottom corner of the bag . It is completely waterproof with the included rain cover . This bag is taken on and off every day and has seen rain , hail , snow and lots of sun . There is no visible wear and tear other than slight fading from the sun . The zippers and storage capacity are excellent . The included pad provides the perfect backrest for long rides . Constructed of very durable material with a carrying handle that handles lots of weight .
 Received this two days before expected and was impressed with the quality right out of the box . Very useable space and functional design makes this bag attain a high rating . I am able to put a helmet and all my other stuff into this bag for daily communtes and for weekend trips . I highly recommend this bag because it not only looks good but if you get another motorcycle , you can simply keep the bag and install it on the new bike . Why bother with saddlebags that are model specific . I have this on my 2006 HD Sportster Custom and love it !
 Just right for my needs ... carry on and strap up on the bike . Quality is good , price was reasonable ... shipping was unbelievable . Ordered Friday , received on Monday . Overall , recommended .
 I bought the gran tour bag for a 1,300 mi . 5 day trip to the Black Hills . The bag worked out really well , between it and my saddle bags I had plenty of storage . I really liked using it as a back rest for the 475 mi . ride out and back.It stayed secure and is well built .
 First off , I ordered from Eastern Performance Cycles , and the damn thing arrived the very next day . I was blown away when I saw the box sitting on my porch . I will definitely buy from them again in the future . As far as the bag goes , it 's everything that I wanted , and has tons of room . You really ca n't go wrong with this thing . The video that Kuryakyn had on their site is what sold me . You can also search YouTube for the video .
 It 's meant to be a backrest . You can use it the way you have it in the photos , but you waste the main feature of this bag . Empty or full , it will support you leaning back so you can chill .
 This is a great piece of equipment . Zippers are heavy duty and there is a ton of room . I love it and the idea that I can rest on it with the backrest.The only negative I have to say is that the plastic binders for the straps arent as strong as maybe ought to be . One of them snapped apart when I was cinching it down . I would have preferred something alot more heavy duty for something that is holding not only your back , but the bag that is keeping it there and my personal effects tied to my bike . I ended up having to use bungee straps instead of the accompanying straps.Other than that I have no other qualms with this bag . Nice size , nice funtion , nice weight , nice price .
 This is a great bag ! I ordered this bag with a Cobra luggage rack from Amazon . Mounting is simple , it holds a ton of riding equipment and looks real good on my Honda VTX 1300 . Since it is detachable and I like it so well , I do not anticipate selling it when I trade my bike . Excellent choice for bikers that need extra space for trips or shopping stops .
 Bought 2 of these . one for my bike , one for my wifes . this bag is not the largest bag out there but is large enough for a several day trip . My wife ironed and then rolled our clothes before packing . plenty of pockets for get to quickly type items . came with a backrest type pad that made the long ride more comfortable . stood the pack up on my bike laid the pack down on my wifes bike . easy on or off with straps and hooks . great investment I would buy again . Great price and received in 3 days .
 The Grantour travel bag 4141 worked great for a 8 day trip on my honda VTX 1300 . This bag and two small saddle bags carried all I needed for my trip to Maine -LRB- about 2800 mile in 8 days -RRB- Using the under seat tie down was fine . The quick release security straps did not hold up , probably my fault for trying to strap down too tight . all in all , a good purchase , holds more than you think at first glance -LRB- 6 jeans , 6 shirts , 8 shorts , 8 pair socks , toiletries -RRB- . Fills a need well .
 Excellent product yet again from Kuryakyn ! Great quality , tons of storage space , looks fantastic ! Highly recommend !
 It is a very beautiful bag , with good room to put all your things . It is possible to put a ful face helmet inside it , and some more stuff.The zipper pullers have good size to be handle with gloves . It would be perfect if it could have double zippers.It is not supposed to be used as a backpack , but you can use the straps that come together , pass them through the back rings and the bag handle and improvise a backpack.A nice retractable lock comes together . Very useful.It fits nice on a big bike like Harley Davidson , but I think it may be a little too big for a medium bike , because of the width . It will fit , but it may be not so proportional.Anyway , a good purchase !
 What can I say except PERFECT . The bag is easy to install , and has plenty of room for clothes for an over night or weekend stay . Many extra pockets both inside and out . Would definatly buy again , but the way this is made I do n't think I 'll have to for a long time .
 Part arrived in a timely manor and installed with no problems . They look good . A lot cheaper than a local auto parts store .
 I bought a 25 year old car that had 5x7 kc lights on them ... You can imagine how bad the original lenses looked . These are a perfect match ! These lenses are kc light manufactured not some imitation . The clarity makes all the difference . Thanks for stocking another great product !
 The lights were the very exact ones I needed . The lights now look like they should . Great response and shipping .
 This is a cool decal . I wanted to let people know that three stickers are actually included . There 's the 3 '' x 10 '' decal mentioned in the description , and then an identical decal that is about 1 '' x 3 '' , and finally a small 1 '' x 1 '' decal that says `` Lethal Threat '' . I 'm pretty happy with my order .
 Worked like a charm ! Now I do n't have to listen to my blower make awful sounds anymore when using my AC !! It gets HOT in Florida !
 The fan was easy to install , fit like a glove , and is super quiet . I did not realize how bad my fan was until I put the new one in . Shipped quick too . This after market product is the way to go . I shopped around at various dealers to try and meet or beat this price and they did not come close . All would have had to order the product , so it was a no brainer to order online for a better price.I have not had any problems with products from TYC .
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 Used the guns to paint my 10 mustang , like a boss ! very smooth flow like a proffesional gun should be ... Ive used the 1.0 and 1.7 ...
 I bought this vest as a gift for my mom . She walks her dogs in the evenings on a rural road , and she needs to be visible to drivers who might not be expecting a person to be walking in the area . While many vests go on over your head , this vest opens in the front . If you plan on wearing the vest over a parka or other heavy winter coat , it 's easy to get on and off . Plus , she is DEFINITELY visible in it -- day , dusk , and night .
 I would order at least one size larger than you would normally wear to get enough girth to cover you !
 This vest shipped faster than the estimated time . The reflective stripes form a V in back and improve nighttime visibility , mesh is good quality . M/L would have been better size but works nicely over winter jacket .
 Do n't bother with aftermarket fuel pumps , you 'll be wasting your money . OEM pumps fit properly , they 're quiet , the check valves do n't leak , the fuel gage works properly , maximum output pressure is in spec , and they 're good for 100,000 miles .
 I have had this fuel pump installed in my 2000 Blazer for 12 months and it works excellent . No complaints . Make sure to buy either this Delphi or AC Delco brand fuel pumps for GM and Chevy Vehicles . Do n't buy the cheap off brand pumps . They do n't last . This one has . Beware that the installation in my 2000 Chevy Blazer required some re-wiring as this pump uses an updated wiring harness . GM updated because the original wires were too small and burnt up . Just splice these wires in using crimp connectors or solder . I used a product called posi-taps . They were excellent . For more info the wiring , google it and look through various automotive forums online .
 The item was recieved 3 working days after I orderd it . Amazing price for an original equipment pump , $ 100.00 less than I could purchase an aftermarket pump . Pump came with easy to follow instructions and a wiring harness to update to the heavy duty connectors . Fuel gauge seems to be more linear than the original .
 My fuel pump started failing on me and I decided it was time to find a replacement . I am not a big fan of the aftermarket jobs due to poor fuel pressure and poor life expectancy . I decided to go with a Delphi unit because I 've seen them last 100,000 miles plus . Downside to going this route is the price although it was far cheaper than the local parts store for even a cheaply made aftermarket unit . I have installed the pump everything went great . Before my truck was a bit sluggish due to poor fuel pressure and massive leak-down I am surprised it even ran also my fuel gauge did not work . After installation the truck runs better I have a working fuel gauge and it sure does accelerate a whole lot better . Im impressed I had no shipping issues the package got here when I was told and no part mix-ups 's better than the multiple trips back to the local parts store because they ordered the wrong thing .
 My husband ordered the fuel pump for his car and had a mechanic install it for him . Saved us $ 200 . Works great ! Only buy a quality part like this one though , if the mechanic goes through the trouble to install it you want to make sure it 's going to work .
 Purchased this to replace a Airtex pump that failed after 3 years ... actually it started failing after 1 year -LRB- bad fuel sending sensor , sluggish throttle response -RRB- but it took 3 for it to finally kick the bucket . Not a fruitful return on my $ 328.00 . However the Delphi pump dropped right in and away you -LRB- I -RRB- go . One reviewer did n't like the pump because of the slight mods to the factory harness that plugs into the pump but I found that since I had already replaced the end of the factory harness -LRB- courtesy of the poor Airtex pump -RRB- I did not have to do anything other than plug it right in -LRB- double check your vehicles wiring harness color with the sheet provided with the Delphi pump of course -RRB- Plus was cheaper and a OE part to boot . This went into a 1999 2 door Blazer and my part number was FG0072 but when you type in `` 1999 Blazer fuel pump '' to search you get the FG0052 which from what I gather is a pump for a 4 door Blazer although some of the reviews were written from 2 door owners . Go figure must not be a world of difference but I went with the 2 door pump since I was changing it out myself -LRB- this car has given me enough headaches already -RRB- . Buy this and you wo n't have any problems .
 La bomba fue entregada en el tiempo indicado , no hubo problema para instalarlarla en el veh&iacute;culo , el sistema para verificar si la pieza servi&iacute;a o no para mi carro funciono perfectamente ,
 Worked fine on my Subaru , and the price is right , but do not discard the small end clip from your old boot . The one provided here is way too small . Tip
 nice covers and they fit my daughters `` NEW '' Beetle ... nice fabric/neoprene , easy to wash ... shipped on time , and well packaged . .
 This product works flawlessly . It was easy to install and it was the lowest price I found . Notice I did n't say it was the cheapest price I could find . Cheap is not always a good thing . It is an OEM ACDelco part and is the quality you should expect . All this product needs is a nice picture to display it properly .
 I ordered the wrong size but this still worked for me in other places . Great for putting new aftermarket sensors in the original location
 I purchased this adapter because I could not find such a thing from the big box hardware stores . Works as described and absolutely essential to install this in my BMW
 If it was not made in China , this product would be five stars.This product is well made and fits my 2010 Polaris XP HD very well . It took less than 10 minutes for two people to install the top but we did not use the self-adhesive Velcro on the roll cage ; it did not seem necessary.My Polaris is a farm utility vehicle that is routinely driven along narrow paths -LRB- and sometimes no path -RRB- through heavily wooded areas . The roll cage routinely gets scraped by tree limbs and an occasional tree trunk . After installing the cover , my son smacked a few trees and , with the exception of some sap that was scraped completely off after it dried , the cover still looks brand new . The cover provides an adequate amount of shade from the sun . It can not provide great protection because of the location of the front roll cage pillars and the backward-swept angle Polaris chose to use.For the price , this is an excellent product.I chose the camo color so it would be a little bit cooler than black after sitting in the sun , but it also looks really great with the green body of the Polaris .
 Easy to install.My Rhino goes 68 klms and the roof stays unmoved at top speeds.The only modification I had to add to the usual install was to tape the excess strap front and back.Not mandatory but makes the job tidier and excess strap does n't flap around .
 Originally planned to go with a solid top , but wanted the option of going topless when the weather is nice . Takes about two minutes to put on , fits snug . Have been able to trailer my Rhino with this top on at up to 50 mph -LRB- through town -RRB- , but would recommend taking the top off if you go any faster . Also , the pic is NOT what you get - this is just a soft top , NOT a cab enclosure .
 This fit my 2010 Great ! I would highly recommend this inexpensive closure solution to the alternative more expensive cab enclosures .
 I ordred this for my Dad 's Kymco Side by side it is a 300cc . Anyway it did not fit perfect but it did fit . Trying to buy for some of the not so popular brands sometimes can be be hard but this fit pretty good and he really liked it !
 Needed shade but did n't want to purchase a hard top . The convertable top works great and is priced right . Product was delivered on time and in good shape .
 All girl 's should know something about the vehicles that they are driving or at LEAST have a reference so they can use it as a base .
 I bought this manual when the repairs from an auto-shop started to be more expensive than the worth of my car . I figured if I can start repairing some stuff myself , I could save hundreds of dollars . I am by no means mechanically inclined ... I havent taken any classes relating to motors or mechanics . This book has helped me save literally thousands of dollars by me doing repairs myself.The only problem I have is that some of the steps require you to have some understanding of mechanical jargon . Luckily a quick search on Google usually explains what a word or process means and I 'm on my way . If this book had a glossary of terms it would be better.If you have an older car where repairs by a professional would not be cost effective , I would trust a Haynes manual to help you fix it .
 I do my own work and save lots of money . With just investing a small amount of time and money on research material like Haynes Repair Manuels , you 'll save a bundle . Thank you Haynes !!!!
 What can I say - I depend on these books for home repairs . Good history of accurate and easily understood directions/explanations . Must have for all your vehicles .
 There is so much I have learned since I 've bought this book , its already covered it cost and everyday tunes UPS are easy now .
 When the Honda dealer told us it would cost about $ 200 to change our front wheel breaks , my wife and I decided to do it ourselves . We got some break pads for about $ 40 from the auto parts store -LRB- better quality than what the dealer would have used -RRB- and we bought this book for about $ 20 . This book , coupled with a c-clamp and a screwdriver saved us $ 140 . Money well spent .
 It is a nice new book . What else can I say . I bought it for my husband and he has not used it yet .
 quality manual with all the necessary information for DIY work at home . called numerous auto parts houses with prices between 20 and 50 % higher than here . saved money and got the item in a timely manner .
 I 'm not a machanic , but with this Haynes manual I now have the confidence to do almost every minor and moderate repair to my vehicle . Thanks Amason and Haynes .
 This manual is handy to have on hand and has had everything I have needed it for thus far . I am not one who does everything on my vehicles , but try to do at least some basics and it is clear enough for me to understand for the most part .
 Came just as expected and exactly what we needed for our honda civic ! Definitely recommend if you are doing work on your car !
 i noticed that i could replace my blaster 2 coil in my car with this . once i installed the coil i was getting a much better spark . now its time to upgrade to a digital 6 box and junk my 6al
 It arrived just as it was advertised . It really helps to keep the wind off me in the bitter cold weather . I help to clean the snow off on our Subdivision road .
 I bought one of these in Oct of 2011 , after about 6 months the threads holding the velcro rotted and thus the velcro that hold it to the tube frame are shot.The material of the cabin itself held up , one of the tubes got bent , after that it broke and I just trashed it.It was always kept inside , just got wet when feeding horses.The thread holding the velcro could be better.Almost a year of daily service for just over 100 bucks , guess I ca n't complain .
 These ATV covers are well manufactured and help tokeep you warm while plowing snow.It was also a very good transaction .
 Arrived fast . Easy to assemble . Made of good material.Fits Honda Foreman . Ca n't beat it for the price.Would recommend it to my best friend .
 it was nice it came fast i like it must have if you live in wv love it.it came in camo it better then the pic thank you match my atv good : -RCB-
 The light unit comes complete and outfitted with bulbs . The product is complete quality at an unbelievable price . It takes only a few minutes to install and it changes the look of the car dramatically and the light output is dramatically improved . Why anyone would purchase another aftermarket manufacturers model is beyond me .
 Took only three days to deliver Had a little hard time installing rt. mirror cover but used my heat gun and reshaped out side of cover -LRB- think it was packaging that warped it about a inch -RRB- Very Happy with covers sure look great on my truck.Give it four stars because of rt cover fit but dont think this is normal . Good looking product .
 This is the best product for the best price when it comes to shampooing auto carpets and cleaning fabric upholstery . I 've removed some serious stains on car seats with this stuff , and it leaves the fabric in a `` like new '' condition . Ca n't beat the product , or the price , so why even try ????
 This stuff works really well . I 've used it in just about any car I 've ever owned . Like all cleaners , some elbow grease is involved , but not too bad . Better than paying someone to do it .
 I had a can of this cleaner for years that I used to spot clean the car upholstery . I was devastated when I could not find it locally . A little goes a long way .
 prestone Interior cleaner is a great product for clean up messes on a rug . I like having the brush on top . It also works great on furniture . We could n't find this product locally thus we ordered it from Amazon .
 My son first used this & let me borrow it . It is an amazing product . I live in Illinois where they use salt to de-ice the roads . Needless to say , getting in my car , the salt leaves a residue stain on my black carpeting . This cleaner takes one application & leaves it looking like new . It is safe & does not discolor the fibers . I ran out & want to use it on my car seats because I left my sunroof open . I tried Blue magic , a recommended product ; it does n't work near as well . It took three attempts & still left the carpet stained . Prestone interior cleaner IS canned perfection in auto detailing .
 I like it because of a good performance for the car and also the part that can be cleaned with their products thus giving greater durability to the product in which saving money .
 I really like the quality of the K&N air filters . I have run one in my Chevy vans for years . I am not sure about how much more power you can get , but I am sure more air is getting to the engine . I bought this one for my wife 's turbo new beetle , and it is the same construction as the others I have seen . I am sure it will do the job . The only downside is the cost of these things , but I guess you get what you pay for , and you never have to buy a replacement .
 If you 're looking for a replacment air filter , then this is the best choice . If look for performane then this is not for you . I can feel very small gain at the very top end on my 1999 2.3 VR5 Jetta/Bore .
 It filters air . It only needs to be cleaned every now and then . Or every 3rd oil change , as I do .
 Let 's face it , the VR6 rarely gets the rated 31mpg HWY on the sticker . It 's a high compression , small V8-like performing engine in a car that weighs as much as some small American trucks/SUVs -LRB- German ! -RRB- . I 've always used 93 octane Chevron/Shell in mine as recommended by VW in the VR6 , I change my fuel filter every 20k miles even though VW says it never needs replacing , I 've always had it serviced at the dealership , had the fuel system service at 50k miles and even add sea foam to the oil right before an oil change and use techron concentrate in the gas every 5k miles . With all of this meticulous care the most I 've gotten on long trips averaging as low as 70mph is about 28mpg ! After adding this filter I noticed a small , not huge but noticeable performance boost . With hard acceleration you can hear an almost turbo like suction sound coming from the engine ! Also on my last trip to Austin averaging about 85-100mph I got 30.22222 mpg ! Great filter ! Will pay for itself after a good while because of the fact that it 's cleanable . Would highly recommend !
 This is a good product . It works as described . Fits my audi tt perfectly . Although the installation was a bit of a pain in the ass , it was n't due to the filter . Audi does n't understand the concept of simple . Do n't expect massive differences in engine response or huge improvements in mpg ...
 Ok ... not really , at least not in the bad way ! haha.When the marketing lit says this is the last air-filter you 'll buy they are n't kidding . I 've got K&N s ; on all my vehicles and have run the same unit on my autocross car for 10 years . They last very well and only require ` occasional cleaning ' though obviously that will depend on your environment ; if you live in a dusty area expect to clean it a little more often . It 's still the best brand of air-filter I 've ever used.There 's some flow benefit over stock filters and over most aftermarket units as well , one caveat however
 I ca n't believe the improvements in acceleration and power , while improving my gas mileage . I have a 01 Jetta VR6 , and the car drives like it 's new again . I 'm a college student and it 's an easy 1 , 2 , 3 installation that takes 15-20 minutes . Completely worth the $ 40 , and will last the life of my car .
 Perfect fit and easy-enough install in my 2002 VW Golf GLS 2.0 . I like knowing that I wo n't have to buy and throw away paper filters for the rest of the life of my car , and I do notice a bit more punch when driving . Have n't had to deal with the cleaning and re-oiling yet , but it sounds simple enough .
 What more can be said about oil filters vs. paper filters ? Nothing !! They save you money and if you take your car to a `` oil change shop '' it is one less nagging question they can come at you with saying `` Oh I noticed that your air filter seems to be extremely dirty we can replace that for $ xx.xx '' There are sites bragging about how much more horse power you get but I have not noticed any they also boast about increased fuel efficeincy . Now that I can agree with I have noticed a slight increase in my MPG . For the price you can not beat it you will never have to purchase another filter again just keep checking this one at your oil change or every 3 months like I do and clean when you see it is dirty .
 I have a VW Jetta 1.8 Turbo , I just got this filter a week ago and the difference is amazing , my engine can breathe now , about the milage I can see a little difference of 2-4mpg , the acceleration is better and i can feel a bit more of hp , however if you want to have a better sound of the engine I recommend the Intake from K&N due it will replace this filter , but I dont want to spend a lot of more this filter is the best , and for the blow off sound you can buy a valve for that , but I recommend the K&N filter for sure on your VW , your car will say thanks . From now and on I will buy K&N filter for my car .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT WAS NOT FOR THE MODEL OF CAR I HAVE BUT AFTER SEVERAL FINDINGS COULD FIND IT REALLY IS USED ENGINE POWER INCREASES , SO FEEL STRONGER , RECOMMENDED .
 I drive 102 miles round trip everyday to work . I consistently got 28 mpg in my 2010 VW Beetle before the install . I swear after install of the K&N air filter I now get 33 mpg I calculate every fill up . I was just amazed and HIGHLY recommend this air filter .
 So I 'm a huge car freak so I like to do tons of things to my 2001 Jetta 1.8 T. I was a little skeptical about getting this because of all the huge claims they throw out there but I needed a new air filter anyways . I have n't had it long enough to exactly tell but I feel like it has increased the torque a bit and maybe like 2 HP at most . This will make your car breath better because it is designed for high air flow . Another reason why your car may seem better is because your old air filter probably sucked and was really clogged up so any new air filter will allow more air in . As for MPG , I have n't noticed any difference yet but I do tend to drive my car pretty hard so I do n't expect to get anything better than what I used to . This filter does sounds a little better because when you put your foot down it sucks a lot more air in but it is n't anything like a cold air filter . Which if you are looking for HP , get a K&N cold air filter , my friend has one and they rock . Overall , this is a great product and you never have to replace is , just make sure to clean it with the kit that K&N offers . I highly advise . Oh and super easy installation if you know anything about cars .
 Great product ; for a great price . No more using the key to get into car / trunk . Now I can just press a button to open all three -LRB- car door , trunk , and gas tank -RRB- . I love this product !!
 If you are like me and you bought your car used VW without floor mats then you may be familiar with the frustration of trying to replace them . No longer available from the dealer , the oem mats are only available used at a price way higher than these . After trying several different generic fit and cut to fit mats I still could not get mats that fit properly . The contours needed are to aggressive and I could not trim enough to keep the mats flat on the ground . The other issue I personally had was all of the other mats were too long and I no longer had the clearance for the clutch pedal . Sounds strange but it 's true . I wore a hole through one mat in a matter of weeks due to this . These mats are cut perfectly , In my car they match the contours just right , finally the mats can sit flush on the floor . They also stop right before the clutch pedal so my aforementioned issue is now a distant memory . Not only do they avoid the problems of the generic mats but they also cover more area of the floor which is great . You ca n't go wrong with these mats . The material is n't all that great but it 's still better than the auto part store mats . I can only imagine the higher end options offered are far superior in feel and quality . But these get the job done for a fair price , I am pleased with these .
 This kit is great for adding on to your performance carb or your stock ford carb . I do this for a living . here 's the deal . This kit will cost you about $ 70.00 at the parts store . The same kit thru Amazon is $ 50.00 . It does n't take a rocket scientist to decide whom to buy it from . Ken
 Worked Great used it i havent dont have a flat anymore really does come in handy when you think about it .
 bought this item as a gift , color and material was great . It fitted perfectly on the dash with minimun adjustment .
 Title says it all . Shipped quick and everything was functional . I need to type twenty or more words for this to ...
 Some of these Stant adapters are expensive . Order only if neccessary . Also , Check the Stant Web Site for updated use . Stant Pressure Tester # 12270 is also required .
 This little marvel made a silk purse out of a sow 's ear of a smogger-Holley carb ` ed 1981 Chev truck with an RV cam -LRB- thus requiring just a skosh richer mixture here and there -RRB- . Temps/humidity vary widely and quickly enough around here to make the truck difficult to start and run without the benefit of this unit . In more stable climes , the truck still benefits , but could be done without . I like it .
 I have n't tried the solenoid out yet but it comes with the locknut . You do not need to purchase the Holley Locknut 26-57 seperately . I ordered both because every site suggest that you need to purchase it seperately . Even summitracing.com
 This was an exact replacement for the OEM fuel pump/sending unit in my Dodge Dakota and the installation went very smoothly . The price I got on the unit was clearly the best I could find on the internet and I 'm very satisfied with all aspects of this transaction . My truck is now starting instantly , just as it did when it was new 11 years ago and the fuel quantity gauge works a lot more accurately than it ever did with the original part .
 I received the fuel pump in excelent condition , the packing was very good , and the pump fit my truck perfect.All the parts were in the box , and it was very quick to install.I would recommend this product very highly.I am one happy camper .
 i bought this to replace my factory fuel pump which stopped showing my the correct fuel level and started stalling after installing the new pump works like when i first purchased it arrived fast packaged with care it was sold by amazon and it was a easy install
 Had a bad experience with this product when I purchased it from a nationally known internet auto parts store S . Their injectros were defective but these from Amazon were perfect . Reliable !
 these tablets of ceramics are very efficient and work rather well , they do not produce sound and they are but resistant to the crystallization and maintain the hoops of the car but clean .
 I 've had this K&N ; filter in my 2005 TSX for over two years now . I 've cleaned and oiled it once.Is it more economical than replacing a standard paper filter every XX miles ? Not sure.Does it filter better ? I think so.Does my car get better gas mileage ? I do n't think so.Does my car produce more power ? I do n't notice any.I will put one in my wife 's TL , however .
 I ca n't tell if there 's any power difference , but what I noticed immediately after putting this in a 2007 TSX is that the engine does n't lose revs as quickly when letting up on the throttle . The car was a little tricky before , because I had to be careful to stay on the throttle just the right amount when shifting . Now it 's easier to up shift without having to worry so much about the engine speed .
 I typically keep my car for 10 years so for me this filter is a good investment . If you plan on keeping your vehicle for only a few years , it 's probably not the best investment although you will likely experience an unnoticeable slight boost in engine performance.I 've installed k & n ; filters on every vehicle I 've owned and for me they just make sense . Note that there 's some slight maintenance required with these filters . You must clean and lube them every year but the cleaning kit will last you 20 years due to the frequency of use.Overall good value for those who hate throwing away money on disposable air filters . The Amazon price is unbeatable as well !
 I am not sure about any gain in mileage but I definitely see better response at the gas pedal . I drive a stick shift , with the stock filter it was hard to accelerate from 60 to 70mph on 4th gear , but now it is a lot easier , also I can shift at lower RPMs .
 This unit works just fine . It went in just like the OEM product . I believe I am getting slightly better gas mileage . Maybe 1 or 2 MPG more . The price was right and I never have to buy a filter again . All I do is clean and recharge this one . Overall , I am happy.Nick
 I own a 2005 Honda Accord EX 2.4 l 4-cylinder . I recently had to go to a local NAPA auto store to get the tires rotated , and the oil changed . Well , while they did the service , one of the workers told me that my air filter is pretty dirty , and if I want to replace it . I thought of getting a K&N ; air filter instead , so I said no . After the service I ordered the K&N ; filter . Installation was fairly easy ; removing the lid to the air intake compartment was a slight hassle , but I eventually got it all installed just fine . There is a groove for the opening so that there 's only one correct way to install an air filter , which is a plus on Honda 's part . Now , here are the improvements that I have noticed so far while driving home from my shop :1 -RRB- Shifting in the car has smoothed out a lot . At low speeds with the stock filter , when the car shifts from first gear to second , the car would jerk me forward then back slightly -LRB- I have an auto trans . -RRB- . After installing the K&N ; , gear shifting has now made the car a lot smoother ride .2 -RRB- Engine noise has reduced . I do n't know if I 'm just thinking it , but the engine is a lot quieter when cruising along at 45 mph .3 -RRB- When accelerating while in the fifth gear -LRB- or whatever the overdrive is in -RRB- , the car does not need as much RPMs to actually get up and go . Actually , whenever I accelerate from 45 to 50 , the RPM stays right at 1,500 , and does n't move until I hit 50 so it 'll keep up .4 -RRB- When flooring it , the car shifts better . Before , my car would shift to the next one at only 5,000 RPM . After the K&N ; , the car will stay in a lower gear longer to go faster ; it shifts at 6,000 RPM now , which I think is providing more power to the wheel . Another cool little thing is that when shifting from 6,000 RPM to the next gear , the air filter makes a cool sounding whistle like what you would hear in a sports car .5 -RRB- I actually ca n't say much about gas mileage , because I 've only driven it 10 miles , but I am very confident that this air filter will also improve my gas mileage.Also , the air filter that was previously in the car was the original air filter that came with the car . The car currently has 39,000 miles on it , and I received it when it had 37,000 . The OEM air filter was way overdue for a change anyways . The nice thing about the K&N ; is that you never need to replace it !
 Installed on my 04 Accord and it fit perfect . I install K&N Filters on all my vehicles to improve power and gas mileage .
 the filter is not my first K&N filter . it works great and does n't even have to be changed for at least 50,000 miles . then all you do is clean it .
 So I like cars but I dont really work on cars . I bought this product last year and it works great . Really surprised when I changed it out for the generic air filter that it increased the response of my acceleration . I would recommend this product and will be purchasing again .
 This would 've been a great item to have ... but I ordered this filter and had it over-nighted just to find out when I went to change the old filter that I already had a K&N in the car already . Someone must have had the right mind set . There is a reason they come with a K&N sticker to place on the air box though ! Great product thought HIGHLY RECOMMEND
 This filter is easy to install and will last for a long time , need to clean every year maybe.I like these filter
 Well I bought this filter to replace my OEM Honda Accord L4 2.4 sedan engine intake filter , I totally agree with some people who said it is difficult to notice any increase in horse power , but I can tell you that engine is smoother when accelerating and gear box shifting is much more smoother , sound wise no difference at all . I am sure that this filter is not the same as original one if compared to OEM replacement , I CAN see light coming from small tiny holes which in return gives you better suction but less filtration , is it worth it ? well with the price Amazon is offering yes it is , will it damage my engine because of less filtration I really do n't know but I will take my chances . As for fuel consumption I will give you the results soon .
 This little air filter is like night and day compared to a regular cotton filter . Just put it in and let it do its work ! Car runs smoother and is happy to be able to breathe ! Highly recommend this air filter .
 awesome filters ! I have this in each of my cars , never had problems with it . very easy to clean -LRB- after 50000 miles -RRB- with the kit that you can buy here at amazon also .
 I 've only used this for 3 weeks but have not noticed any increase in mpgs ! I gave it 5 starts because it looked durable and it 's washable.My honda accord was doing 27 mpg and now it 's doing 29 but I think it 's because I changed my driving habits ... driving 60 instead of 75 makes a huge difference .
 This is the fifth Spectra tank that I have installed . They make a great product that fits and lasts .
 Holley 534-54 Digital Pro-Jection Throttle Body Injection Closed Loop KitGet this if you are installing the Holley Pro Injection unit for converting a 2 bbl carb auto . It will make dialing in the elctronic unit mush easier ... and ... likely will increase fuel mileage
 Sure , for what amounts to rectangle shaped foam , the price for this kit is ridiculous ... but , since we ca n't control the price , the kit overall is excellent . It has everything you need from tire dressing , wax application , scrubbing bugs and tar of your paint safely , and even includes microfiber applicators for dressing your dash/doors or conditioning your leather interior . I still have no idea what the tri-colored foam applicator is really for , I know what it 's claimed use is , but after detailing professionally for years , there 's really no actual use/need for it - but everything else is good-to-excellent quality , and it will quickly complete your necessary `` tool '' collection for making paint shine !
 This pump is hard to find . It fit great and I got it for a great price . Very pleased with product .
 This stuff is great . I use it to paint a multitude of items on older cars and such . Also , It comes in a can and when you press the top paint comes out , will wonders ever cease !
 Not a real fan of chinese made products . If I had known that Beck/Arnley was using almost 100 % chinese products I would had orderd another brand . They worked fine and I am sure they will go the distance .
 Was replacing the spider injector assembly on my K1500 and needed the Plenum Gasket Set . Fel-Pro is a well known company that makes gaskets and I 've never had an issue with any of their products .
 This is a best price that I found online , I have looked at other online sites but at the end of the day I end up purchasing from here .
 This fel-pro gasket set is a great product , great price , and speedy delivery a real problem solver i recommend this product thanks
 gasket set is fine , just is a bummer that you have to buy mulitple sets for different gaskets and then also have doubles of one gasket .
 A great item to convert your GM product to electronic ignition . Works well and is easily installed . I know of many installations that have been in service for years , so the parts are reliable . Install a new high voltage ignition coil at the same time and gain some performance and extend the life of your sparkplugs .
 I bought this product to replace the classic breaker points in my 1970 GMC truck . I received the item very quickly after placing the order . Installation was simple with the exception of the setting of the gap between the sensor and the magnetic ring . Doing this requires removing the distributor and placing spacers between the drive gear on the distributor shaft and the distributor housing . All of the hardware is included to do it , but it 's a bit time consuming . As for the function of the Ignitor itself , it has made the engine idle , and throttle response much smoother . I coupled the installation of the Ignitor with a new high output ignition coil and between the two the engine is much happier . I do n't drive the truck daily so I ca n't say for sure if it has improved my fuel economy , however the improved operation of the engine overall would lead me to believe that it 's burning fuel more efficiently and as a result using less under normal driving conditions . All in all I highly recommend this product for people who want a solution to the never ending need to adjust and replace breaker points in classic cars . The added bonus of having the whole unit fit under the stock distributor cap makes it a great choice for people who want to keep the stock look of their vehicle .
 Installation is pretty straight forward , did n't like removing the distributor , but there is no way around it . -LSB- I put a similar unit on a Ford about 35 yrs . ago with the distributor in place in a third of the time -RSB- I think this unit could have been engineered a little better , as the triggering disc is a little wonky , -LSB- you have to screw it to the the bottom of the rotor and use shimming washers to get the proper air gap .010 to .060 -RSB- It works fine and this has been around for over 20 yrs. , so they must be doing o.k.Engine fired right up , set timing , no problems so far .
 We put the unit into a late 60 's Corvette as a replacement for the points and condenser . They work perfectly .
 Great product
 Install on 1970 Buick with 350 -LRB- 315HP -RRB- motor.Had had problem with point gap / dwell . If set at factory settings , I would get a hesitation under load , and occasional carb . backfire . Consistent troubleshooting led to success with a lower dwell setting , but the power and idle were not smooth.Installed with Pertronix Flamethrower coil . That required a 12V dedicated wire . Used 10 AWG from `` Ign '' slot in fuse box -LRB- Checked that slot with voltmeter , 12 + V in `` Ign '' and `` Start '' positions of switch.I did have to shim my distributor , which did require removing the distributor , but since you have to replace the grommet in the bottom of the distrib housing , you 'll want to remove it anyway . But the distrib shaft shims cut out the freeplay , and that alone probably helped.Car fired up on the first turn of the key . Idle was noticeably better , smoother , and the timing was increased despite knowing that the distrib was returned to the EXACT spot.Idle , throttle response , cruising , all were immediately better . The transition from 3rd to 2nd in passing was much better , no backfire , no missing , no `` laying down '' loss of power.I 'd call it a great success . Will update when I do a long term drive to check on milage.This makes a 42 year old car drive like new !!!
 Just installed the 1181 into my 1967 SBC in my 1924 T C-cab-hot rod -LRB- 60 's vintage -RRB- . Installation easy , had to rotate the ring around to get it leveler and bend the base a little to level the sensor -LRB- parallel to the magnetic ring -RRB- and added one washer to the base of the shaft.My hot rod had been in a garage for some 40 plus years , never started , driven or titled . I was having issues with breakdown , missing , during acceleration . Frustrating to say the least . Many told me to install HEI , with new plugs and plug wires was the way to go . I wanted to keep the stock distributor to go with the 60 's appeal . Yaba-daba-do as Fred would say , this setup is awesome and a positive recommendation for a ` must do ' . Bought mine on e-bay for $ 45 new in the box .
 Had trouble starting car with the old style Pertronix unit . This unit installed easy and fixed the starting problem . Good price !
 This product works as advertised . I installed it in a stock '72 c-10 with a 350 engine . It runs smoother than ever and smoothe through the RPM range . No sputter like it had with points . One drawback is that the instructions make it sound like installation is a 10 minute job . Realistically , you should probably plan on a good hour to remove the distributor from the engine , do the conversion , and reinstall and time the ignition . If you plan on doing a coil too and want to run a 12V lead to the coil you 'll have additional time to think of also . To do conversion and coil with 12V lead took me 2 hours before the test drive .
 Very pleased with the fit and finish of this product . It was for my neices car . I would purchase this product again . In fact I was so impressed with this , that I bought 2 more for my truck and car . Also bought them for my parents .
 Though my 1993 Dodge W250 is almost rust-free , the DrawTite hitch rusted away to the point where it was really dangerous . The 1/4 '' side plates appeared to be laminated . My first impression of the Putnam hitch was Wow , this really is extra heavy duty ! I was impressed by the ingenious engineering of the bolt together design . Assembly was a snap . I used my floor jack to hold it in place and to my surprise two of the three bolt holes on each side lined right up . I had expected to have to drill six new holes in the truck frame instead of just two . After the hitch bolts were all torqued down , the j-bolt for the stock spare tire holder went back into its ' original hole . The spare tire then went right back in with no adapter kit or modifications needed . This hitch exceeded my expectations . Amazon had the best price , free shipping and it arrived almost two weeks ahead of schedule .
 Wake up your bike with this pipe ! Installation was a breeze , just take your time with it . Total time for me was one hour to take off my old exhaust and install the yosh pipe . A little louder than I expected but not obnoxiously loud as some , I highly recommend this pipe , you wo n't regret it !
 Ordered the multi-bar for my 2011 Heritage . Went on very easily and looks really good . I attached HD pegs to the bar so now I have three riding positions for my feet . Very , Very , comfortable . Highly recommend . Only thing I would have done different is I would have purchased the Linby Peg and Peg mounts . They were practically the same price as HD .
 100 % as advertised . The instructions need to be updated . I did email Putnam on a omission . The fix is before fishing the new bolt do not thread the two old bolts past the welded nuts . Other than this hint all went well .
 Because this tire cover is not specific to `` A '' tire size the cover did split when I put it on . However , it is a good cover and I enjoy having it on my rig .
 I installed racks for an outdoor store for several years , both Yakima and Thule . The fix-points found in some car models make this process much easier , and Thule 's Fit Kits allow their different rack feet -LRB- 460 , 460R , etc -RRB- to mount to those fix-point systems.Thule 's website specified the 3080 Fit Kit for our 2010 Mazda5 , so I ordered it here even though I knew the stock photo Amazon was using could not be correct as the bracket shown would never fit the Mazda5 . I was right , as the 3080 Fit Kit I received looked different from the photo but fit the car perfectly.Installation literally took 15 minutes from the time I opened the boxes.To Install : - Slide the 460 Podium Feet onto the bars-Attach the Thule Fit Kit brackets to their bases -LRB- they just click in -RRB- - Attach the Thule Fit Kit brackets to the Podium Feet with the supplied screws , but do not tighten-Screw the supplied Fix Point screws into your vehicles Fix Points -LRB- follow Thule 's directions -RRB- - Set the Podium Feet over the Fix Point screws-Adjust the crossbars so they stick out evenly on both sides , then fully tighten the Fit Kit screws to the Podium Feet-Put the supplied hardware -LRB- lock washer and nut in my case -RRB- onto the Fix Point screw , and fully tighten-Place the locks into the Podium Feet covers and lock them onto the Podium Feet , pop the end caps onto the barsThis system eliminates a TON of measuring and making the minute adjustments that racks such as Yakima 's Q-towers require . Of course your vehicle needs the Fix Point attachments to make use of this system , but it 's a very solid system and makes rack installation very easy .
 I installed this on my 2000 Subaru B4 Legacy GT Wagon -LRB- Japan -RRB- . This works for factory flush style rails . I installed this rail adapter kit on a Thule 440 rail kit . The rubber rail adapters grab the rail nicely and does not scratch the finish on them . Nice quality kit .
 These fit our 2007 Kia Rondo as expected , however , the cheap plastic locking pin does n't do a very good job of keeping the plastic cover on each of these . I 've still only been able to -LRB- barely -RRB- get 3 out of 4 of them on . I read another review elsewhere that recommended the locking pin as a better alternative , so I 'm going to try those . I do n't suspect it will add any real security because you can pop the plastic covers off easily with just a screwdriver , but hopefully it will hold them in place a bit better .
 it is wd40 . . what can you say it is the best overall squeak eradicator i have found other than croilthe packaging is nice i love the attached straw so you ca n't lose it . . gets the oil where you need it and makes the squeaks go bye bye !
 It is easy to use either as a spray or for spot application with the straw.WD-40 is a great lubricant that has many uses
 Shipped quickly and as expected with WD-40 I used it to fix squeaking hinges and I used it to remove rust of some old knick nacks . Some others have complained about the new straw that is used on the can , the only problem Ive found is that if you are moving the straw around it tends to fall out , so just be careful !
 I Purchased the WD-40 for my car , I have a 2001 Impala and most parts like the hood needed wd40 to work , I 'll also use this product in my home . Great price , Fast delivery .
 We use a lot of WD-40 in our house and small business . This spray lubricant has so many uses , from oiling our kid 's bike chains to fixing squeaky hinges , it is amazing how many things we find to use it on.Some reviewers have reported issues with the attached straw , but it worked perfectly for me.This is a great product , made even better by the clever spray control `` Smart Straw '' ! Recommended!CFH
 WD-40 is a great lubricant that has many uses . This particular can has the smart straw which many others seem to dislike . It has worked great for me . It is easy to use either as a spray or for spot application with the straw . The old style worked fine , but there is nothing wrong with this newer can either .
 Excellent Product that has 1000 's of uses . Sign up for their E-mail ` Tips of the Week ' and learn more uses . Great for removing adhesives like registration & inspection stickers from windshields , old dried out duct tape on surfaces . Lubricate locks , hinges , garage door tracks ... a must for all households & workshops .
 These mats fit almost perfectly , nothing is perfect , there is a bit of edge on one side , you choose , where little bits of dirt can get under the mat but not much does . I clean them out every few months and only need to vacuum around the edge of the one side of the mat for the tiny bits . Other than that they work great and keep the mud , water , and snow from ever touching the carpet.I especially like the edges that go up about half and inch all around to catch material should you trek it in or spill something . I only wish they had made rear mats for my car because I would have gotten them , if they have them I think it was the wrong color beige.Not only do they work great but the cloth version looks very nice in the car as it is a near perfect match for my carpet so there are no ugly rubber mats in my car .
 Just like ... described good . The only thing I did n't like that the velcro was n't sticky enough . Had to go to walmart and purchase my own velcro
 ... what more can I say ... theiran exact fit for anyone who has a 1998 on up Ford Crown Victoria ! I heard online that these are a little bit louder than the stock catalytic converters ... truthfully I really do n't hear a difference . If you want the sound get some different mufflers , bigger pipes or something else ... but buying these and having someone put them on my 2000 Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor was A LOT CHEAPER than Ford trying to charge me over $ 900 for ONE SIDE ... and EVEN MORE for the drivers side ! Do n't get these thinking they are `` High Flow '' either ... they are direct fit OEM style ... meaning they are made to replace what came with your vehicle from the factory and perform if not better ... than equivalent to them ! Maybe they flow better than the stock catalytic converters but they are not ... and I repeat ... they ARE NOT `` High Flow ! '' I HIGHLY recommend these for anyone who has a Crown Victoria and need replacement catalytic converters -LRB- unless you live in California -RRB- !
 The product was the perfect length and seemingly had the right twist or bend to fit very well , but the collar was a bit too far from the flange at the exhaust manifold , so the nuts just made it on the lowest threads of the studs . I agree with the other guy about the sound -- I did n't notice a difference in noise level . As an aside , I would recommend to anyone with only an intermediate level of auto mechanics , like myself , that they borrow a torch to heat the nuts at the manifold and use a 1/2 drive ratchet to remove them -LRB- 15mm , 6 point socket used on my 02 -RRB- . The bolts and fasteners holding the opposite end can be cut or broken off -- you 'll need a gasket at this end , not up front .
 If you need to make an intake manifold and/or gasket change , why bother with some off the wall no-name brand when you can use the best ? It is not that expensive and it is the choice of nearly every professional in the industry , me included .
 When installing these kinds of engine gaskets - maybe once in your automobile 's lifetime , choose to install the best ; so when the work 's all done , and you 're behind the wheel , you can `` rest '' !
 Very satisfied with the floor liners . Fit my car well and have come in so handy going back and forth to work and keeping my floor protected from coffee spills . Also great to have when it 's raining to handle muddy shoes .
 Upgraded from the stock shocks to these on my 2012 wide glide . I ride 2 up a lot and with the preload setting at 3 of 5 it rides really nice and yet to bottom out with a passenger load of 450Lbs .
 This catalytic converter bolted up just fine and took care of my engine code saying the cat . was under threshold . There were some differences with the received item and it 's picture . There is only a single flange as apposed to the double spring loaded flange it shows it has . There was also an extra O2 sensor port on the drivers side pipe in-front of the Catalytic converter . The unit comes with threaded plugs for the O2 sensor ports you are n't using . It was also easier to put the unit in the car since it did n't have the large double flange the factory one did . It was able to clear the frame easily while maneuvering it up to the header exhaust flange.Overall , I was very pleased with this purchase . Great price considering the local part stores could only get it for $ 350 at the cheapest .
 This unit is fantastic in the shop . I wish I had purchased the fold up type . this works well , but needs spaced for storage and is hard to transport .
 Because i am a ford diesel tech . I found it to very easy on the back and knees . Plus it kept me from damaging , braking or scraching things on the costomer vehicle by accident . And if you have ever done that you know what i am talking about . That is how it saves money . Now that i can access the heavy hard to reach areas . It has paid for itself .
 Wish I had bought one of these topside creeper 's earlier in my career , as an ASE Certified Master Mechanic , you get to work on the cars others do n't want to work on , and the reason is usually that it 's harder to access so many things in the engine compartment on newer vehicles , this creeper makes life so much easier when testing or removing components under the hood , especially now with the cab over designs all the vehicle manufacturers are using . Especially helpful on trucks .
 Quality construction , easy assembly , works as advertised . A real back saver . I use it daily as a professional technician . Could n't ask for more . Had to add zip ties to the pads on the reinforcing bars to hold the pads in place but no big deal . Overall I am extremely satisfied with this product .
 I just used it to change the distributor cap & rotor -LRB- located low behind the 5.2 L engine , looks almost impossible to get to -RRB- in my 1999 Dodge Ram truck . This Topside Creeper made it a piece of cake . Comfortable to use . Saves a backache!Easy to assemble without instructions -LRB- but the picture all assembled helps -RRB- . Takes only a few minutes to assemble.Good quality , even though made in China .
 Almost as good in terms of stopping power and wearHowever , it makes noises even though the name is Thermo Quiet.What gives?Next time , I will try to put on those anti-squeak paste when installing to see if it helps .
 Was looking for a good replacement pad . Good stopping & very quiet . Pedal effort the same as the original brakes.Why pay dealer prices for oem when these pads are equal if not better .
 Wagner MX805 ThermoQuiet Semi Metallic Disc Brake Pad SetAs you can see by the Customer Image of the set contents , Wagner includes 8 spring clips -LRB- 2 per pad -RRB- and 4 noise abatement retainers -LRB- my names -RRB- . Before removing the old retainers and clips , note their precise position . Note that upper retainers , which snap onto the large cast iron caliper , are different from lower retainers . The springs are mounted on the ends of the pads , facing the axle , with the long side facing away from the rotor.My reason for replacing the pads was to stop a rapid clicking noise coming from the left front wheel . That noise was caused by some missing disc pad clips and retainers , which allowed the pads to quickly move about . I could n't find any place that sold just the clips/retainers . When replacing pads , you should do both front wheels at a time , and also install new rotors -LRB- or have the old ones ground -RRB- . I also bought two new Wagner BD125695 Brake Rotors from Amazon , which were excellent.With new pads & rotors , the brakes are now silent , and the car stops as well as ever.Excellent product.Note
 Great part . Fit perfectly . I installed it without resurfacing it , and it works perfectly with absolutely no shimmey , wooble , or shake . I could n't believe how cheap the price was , so I was prepared for the worst , but this part turned out to be every bit the equivalent of the same part for 10x the price at a retail parts store .
 Comes with mostly everything that you will need but since it 's uni it 's not everything . I was able to find a throttle body injection plate second hand to get the kit to work best for my weekend car . I would say that this is best for custom builds because this is n't an out the box setup if you want to get it to work for you . I 'm currently set for a 150 shot but I think that 's enough for my LT1 right now . This is a good parts kit for the price if you ca n't afford the all out model specific kit . Most NOS kits are essentially the same with a few parts being exclusive for your model if at all . I recommend this kit if you 're doing a custom job or are able to get the model specific parts 2nd hand . Good economy kit !
 This hitch is very well built . It is held on with 61/2 '' supplied bolts . You will need to enlarge and or drill the 6 holes with a 1/2 '' bit.The side panels/mounting tabs are made from at least 1/4 '' plate.Im not one to be worried about finish but this hitch has a nice , thick , high gloss black finish.I bought this hitch for my 95 F250 . I will be using it primarily to hold my salter for winter , once the salter is loaded with salt it acts as a sustantial tongue weight that lower class hitches are not built for .
 If you are looking for a receiver were you never have to worry about how much you are towing or how much weight you are towing , this is the receiver for you ! Very well built , everything is 1/4 inch steel even the washers they send are 1/4 inch . Love this receiver and I would buy again in a heart beat !
 I purchased this hitch for my '95 F-250 4WD . The reason I purchased this hitch is it is a class 5 hitch and I figured I would rather put on the strongest one I could find . The hitch arrived quickly thanks to amazon prime , and as soon as I opened the box I could tell that it was definitely stronger than anything I needed and also that it was a very high quality hitch . This hitch is not yet installed because it has been raining and I do n't feel like doing it in the rain , but it does come with instructions and the necessary hardware to put it on . I would definitely recommend this hitch to anyone who needs it because of the quality and price . Amazon could not be beat . ** Update ** I have had this installed on my truck for nearly a year now . Installation is a breeze , and this is a monster of a hitch . I really like it , especially because I ended up needing the extra strength because I bought a bigger trailer than I anticipated . I highly recommend that anyone that needs a high quality hitch at a great price buy it here .
 Looks great and very functional . I no longer have to side down from the car to the ground . I can step on the bar . Also it does help getting up to the car by providingan intermediate step . My son installed it for me in less than an hour . The instructions were ok except that they had the reference to right and left sidemixed up . we did figure that out .
 I have use this head set in the past with no problems . Thanks for the great price , fast and reliable service .
 BEING `` DASHMAT '' BRAND THE COVER WAS AS EXPECTED . GOOD QUALITY AND FIT WELL . THE ONLY COMPLAINT I COULD MAKE WOULD BE THE VELCRO STRAPS WOULD NOT STICK TOGETHER . I DO N'T KNOW IF THEY WERE OLD OR DEFECTIVE . I HAD TO BUY NEW STRIPS .
 Great quality . There is two handles to a package , I was in a hurry when I placed the order .
 I have owned the Catch-All Floor Mats before on prior vehicles and purchased this set for the Impala . They are perfect for keeping the carpet in great shape and are easy to clean and maintain . My Durango has had them for 9 years and they still look very good . This product is well worth the money !
 Built to last.There is some wiggle room , but I am hoping that it will settle into its place after using it for a while .
 This product was just as expected . It arrived on time and in great shape . I would reccomend to any one
 Bought these for my 1988 Wrangler . They fit was perfect . They look good , and they look like they 'll trap water , which is what I wanted . Bought these with a discount ... have a hard time justifying $ 70 for a pair of floor mats .
 This is the second set of these floor lines I 've bought . Worked great in my truck and not using this set for my other car . Collects the dirt and water so it does n't roll off on to the carpet . Highly recommended .
 These wires fixed my arcing problem I had with my old set of wires . Now my Falcon runs like it is brand new .
 I bought this item from Amazon found it to be cheaper than from any other source I 've found yet . It is made to replace the analog system ECU , -LRB- direct replacement -RRB- . It is installed and seems to be working good for now , but It has some minor issues that I still have to work out . The instructions need to be better at troubleshooting problems , but For the most part it 's pretty clear though .
 This 17 universal fit clutch fan worked beautifully but to use the outer 4 bolt holes you have to use a die grinder or dremel tool to remove metal from the 4 inner holes to match the larger ID required for a larger fan diameter .
 Everything I expected . Rugged ... well built ! Priced competitively . -LSB- Curt Manufacturing 45643 Reversible Ball Mount With 17/8 In and 2 In Balls -RSB-
 I am pleased with the item for the price . I would have liked the ball to be chrome and not black but it works well .
 I would of liked a stainless ball option , not sure how long this will go without looking crusty and rusty . As far as function , it works great for me . I need a raise on my 2 '' ball and a drop on my 1-7/8 '' so this was the perfect solution to not drag around additional hardware .
 arrived in great shape instruction good fit was good i even got the right color the pic 's in Amazon for color was not good i did have to guess between tan and camel but did work out . product is great ...
 arrived in great shape instruction good fit was good i even got the right color the pic 's in Amazon for color was not good i did have to guess between tan and camel but did work out . product is great ...
 Grab this stuff if your leather is dirty ! This stuff protects and cleans your finest leathers - we 've been using it for 30 years and it 's just wonderful ! Would n't buy anything else . It does n't ruin the finish of your leather but softens it and makes it look new . I highly recommend it !
 I was n't sure what to use on my 10 year old leather sofa which still looks good , but needed a boost to make it brand new again.I research on leather how to clean and this was recomened with olive oil.I 'm telling ya this by itself so good , i could n't believe my eyes.Really good stuff for any leather of any sort.Give it a try , you wo n't be disapointed at all.Someone here mentioned they were looking for a bottle , yeah me too , but even better i do n't have to worry about bottle leaking.I think the tin is great , and i rather it works than seeing a bottle i expected and probably would have been a waste of my money .
 Spent about thirty minutes with a pair of boots I bought from an Army surplus store 16 years ago and they look amazing . Some old scuff marks came out and the leather looks well conditioned and feels really smooth . It takes a little bit of elbow grease to get the bad spots out but all effort is returned by some amazing results . I 've now gone back and used this saddle soap on almost every leather shoe I own and all the results are incredible . My old Teva sandals and even the Vibram Five Finger Treks even came out looking much better . Really recommend this stuff if you want to preserve and clean your leather .
 product came as described however there was some dust and scratches all over the can
 I bought my first set of Huskey Floor Liners back in 1997 for my new Chevy truck and feel in love with them instantly ; they look great in my opinion . Since then I have bought 3 other vehicles , Jeep Wrangler 2002 -LRB- new -RRB- , Jeep Cherokee 2000 -LRB- used/resold -RRB- , and a Jeep Grand Cherokee 2007 -LRB- used -RRB- . These floor mats are great when it comes to mud and snow , and I highly recommend them to anyone that is looking for quality and durability when it comes to floor mats . They are easy to install and they do not slip and slid on the floor board . You never have to worry about them interferring with the pedals on the drives side . And Amazon has them for the cheapest price that I have found , especially if you order them all ... front , back , and cargo ; you get free shipping . Not much more to say than I do n't think you will be disappointed if you buy these floor mats , they are worth the extra cost .
 If you live in a northern climate and deal with snow/sleet/slush in the winter , then buying floor liners like these is just about a no-brainer in my opinion . The way Husky designed these liners traps all the moisture in the liner and keeps it out of your carpet . It is amazing how much water these things hold and even more amazing when it evaporates to see how much salt is left behind -- salt that would normally have found its way into your carpet . Same thing with mud . In terms of cleaning , it could n't be easier . Take your vehicle to a coin-operated car wash , pull the liners out , spray them off and put them back in . It really is that easy .
 Absolutely the best floor mats I 've ever had , makes my Jeep look very rugged.Perfect fit for my 2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee , they are fully molded and contourto the shape of the floor . These mats have nice high sides that keep any melting snow and saltfrom your boots on the mat and not all over the carpet
 Bought these when I bought my new truck.They fit perfectly and have yet to allow any snow , water or mud touch the carpet underneath.The carpet looks brand new to this day.Will be a plus come trade in time .
 I like it a lot and the fit is perfect . I was surprised that it 's closer to hard plastic than rubber . I would never describe it as being rubber , it 's plastic , but it 's still OK . Works well , so I 'm happy with it .
 This is my third Jeep Grand Cherokee since 1999 , and the the third time I 've bought the Husky Liners . They 're excellent quality , and do n't feel cheap.This is the front part , and fits the front section perfectly . Get it with the middle and cargo area parts for the complete look .
 This is the 3rd vehicle Ive ordered them for . Perfect fit ! Being in construction is very hard on the carpet in my Jeep Commander . Perfect fit like they were made at the factory . Good value!Winter , and I have no salt stains now ! Thanks !
 The Husky Cargo Liner fits like a glove and looks like original equipment . I 'm please with ever aspect of my purchase
 Liners fit the front area well and are tall enough to protect carpet area . No Problems and easy to clean !
 Nice mats . They do contain the spills . Mine were supposed to fit a Jeep Patriot but looks like they were really designed to fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee . Passenger side fits nicely but Driver 's side not so much .
 Doeth every dollar . My points on my 1969 1200 d were giving me nothing but trouble then really ten minutes and two role later and the truck it 's running better than ever
 We have had the Quality-Built 14585 Premium Alternator - Re-manufactured for a week now installed and fit perfectly , it is working very well . Car is a Subaru DL Will update if anything changes .
 Perfect fit for my Subaru Forester 2001 , model L. Best price found on the web too . Thx Amazon
 I ordered this pipe i got it a few days later i have a 2005 Honda CBR 600 F4i with the stock pipe when you gave it gas it bogged down then it revved up i put this exhaust on it the same day i got it i could not believe the response of the throttle it sounds so good to i see myself putting this on my next bike to i would recommend this exhaust to anyone i am pleased all around with this product It also comes very protected
 THEY WORKED GREAT , FIT WITH NO PROBLEM , TOOK A LITTLE TIME FOR THEM TO FLATTEN OUT AFTER THEY WERE IN A SHIPPING BOX , BUT OTHER THAN THAT GREAT . THANKS
 I love these , put them in all of my trucks.Great fit and very tough , worth every penney.Easy to clean and great looking
 The product arrived within 2 days ! I was pleased with the product and the service . Also , works perfectly .
 These floor mats are very durable and fit perfectly in our truck . Living in back country with the mud and snow they have held up perfectly . Would recommend to everyone .
 We got these for my husband 's dad and he loves them ! We have some for our truck too and they are great . They are very easy to clean , especially since my husband and his dad are both dirty-boot kinda guys :-RRB- If you have a truck , you got ta get these !
 I bought these along with the back seat ones and I could not be more happy , they are great and are really easy to clean . I would recommend these to anyone who doesnt want to replace your floor mats every year .
 they say this saying for a good reason ! it splaters everywhere , especially on your foot -LRB- and even worse if you are barefoot like i am all the time -RRB-
 This is a well made top quality filter . It also fits my Chrysler mini-van engine . I 've been using it for many years for my oil changes . 120K miles and still going strong . Out of all the filters on the shelf , it 's the least expensive . The secret is now out !!
 I try and always use the Motorcraft filters for my 65 Mustang and am very satisfied ! Will continue using as long as I own the car !
 I have used Fel Pro gaskets off and on for the last 35 years working on cars and have always been impressed with the quality . No different on the head set ... I rated it 4 stars ... there could have been injector seals in the kit and it would have been complete .
 Happy that AutoMeter has a gauge to measure just about anything under the hood . Happy with the price , arrival time and packaging . Amazon has become the behemoth that they originally planned to be !
 I 'm very pleased with this light kit . Its only down side is that it is designed to connect to the wiring by sliding the wires into slots in thin metal plates - which I think would make the wires very likely to break and/or pull out , so I soldered them in place .
 I have a 2007 Mazda CX-7 and it was time to replace the old air filter so I thought I go this route . I have to say it 's very well made and fits absolutely perfectly . My air filter box is kind of a pain to get to and I needed help to get the tubes detached from the box so we could open it up for the replacement , but one we did , it was a snap to put the new air filter in and screw everything back into place . I 'm pretty impressed with the quality of how well it 's made .
 Installed on my 03 Mazda 6S -LRB- V6 -RRB- . Mileage has gone up about 1.5 MPG . This is a lifetime filter that only costs a few bucks more than the paper filter costs at the local parts store ... why are you waiting!It comes ready to install , and will require maintenence -LRB- cleaning and oiling -RRB- . I recharge -LRB- clean and oil -RRB- mine every other oil change -LRB- 12-15k miles -RRB- , it takes maybe 15 minutes of labor , and in the hot sun where I live it is dry within 45 minutes and ready for oil.Seriously , stop throwing away paper filters and start saving some gas !
 Satisfied as usual with my Amazon experience . Also satisfied with the air filter as I knew I would be .
 It 's worth it ... I 'm usually cheap and barely brought myself to spend this money but it actually improved gas mileage and it seems like the car runs better ... not to mention the fact that you just have to wash it and put it back in , not having to buy another one again ...
 We ordered this for our 2006 Mazda 6 and it fits perfectly . Was very simple and quick to install ... took 2 minutes and did n't require any tools . No more wasted paper filters going to the landfill .
 got more miles to the gallon right away , About twenty more to be exact . Oiling the filter was easy just follow the directions.I would recommend this to anyone . Because they are reusable which great for the environment
 This product fit perfectly in my 2006 Honda Element and mileage has improved about 10 % -LRB- though the old one was a might dirty -RRB- HP feels about the same . I would -LRB- and do -RRB- get one of these for every car I drive .
 Item worked great . Fast shipping . I would highly recommend this item . . A must buy with our current gas prices today .
 I just purchased a 2011 Chevy Tahoe LT and wanted to get some nice floor mats asap , due to it being winter.I went with these because I liked the look of them primarily . Also because they were made to fit and I liked the contoured edges without the `` bowl effect '' found on liners such as those from Husky . Now do n't get me wrong , I own a pair of Husky liners and love them , it 's just that your foot will constantly snag getting in and out -LRB- due to the ~ 1 '' deep perimeter -RRB- ... . they 're fine for my 2010 GMC Sierra Crew Cab 1500 , but for a vehicle with numerous passengers like a Tahoe , these Nifty mats work better . No worries about catching your shoe getting in and out of your vehicle.These fit great , just got through installing them.I must admit , these mats do look thicker and nicer online than in person . I 'm not knocking them , but I just expected them to be thicker for some reason . Nevertheless they fit well and are approximately 1/8 '' thick.Now , I took a number of pictures to include with this review , as Amazon seems to be using stock photos for all the floor mats.These are grey and contrast very nicely with the GM `` Light Titanium '' interior color.In conclusion , I 'd definitely buy these mats again , they are a perfect all weather mat and seem to require little maintenance , if any . I must say the 2nd row floor mat fits especially well . I love the 1 piece design that goes across the entire floor . * Also , very important to mention , for some reason Amazon 's `` will it fit my car '' is horrible ! It is continually wrong in telling me what products will and will not fit my vehicles . I do n't know what the deal is , but I 'd strongly suggest doing what I do : I Google my vehicle make/model/year / etc followed by `` floor mats/lug nuts/etc '' ... . whatever you 're looking for basically . Then find the brand and product number and insert that info into the Amazon search bar to actually see what fits your vehicle . I often use stylintrucks.com to find the part number I need for my vehicle . Just thought I 'd share this , as Amazon and their car search is very bad . * Please read my other review regarding the front floor mats from Nifty .
 I have an aftermarket rear Eibach sway bar , 23mm in diameter , and after 2-3 years with my non-greasable Eibach bushing or even my non-greasable Energy suspension bushing , it would make clunking or knocking noises in the car cabin . -LRB- Sometimes even sooner if you have a lower quality bushing like 6 months or 1 year -RRB- . I 've gone through two sets of bushings over the years.It would start wearing the non-greasable bushing making the inner diammeter of the bushing `` slightly '' larger but enough to make a `` slightly loose or non-snug fit '' with the sway bar . As a result you would get clunking sounds or rattling knocking noise in the car cabin and wonder where the heck it was coming from . The noise was transferred from sway bar moving within the bushing and noise would be transferred into the cabin . It 's kinda hard to diagnoise unless you loosen both end links attached to the sway bar and then use your hand to push up and down or tug on it while the sway bar is held only by the two bushings ; it would then be clear that the sway bar bushing was worn only `` slightly '' from the rubbing of the sway bar over time and loose enough for the sway bar to move and hit within the bushing . Having the sway bar loose while driving over uneven road surfaces and bumps would create the mysterious clunking noise.You 're supposed to take off the bushing and grease them maybe every 6 months or sooner to prevent wear of the bushing and to prevent squeaking noises . It is common with aftermarket , larger performance sway bars causing more wear and tear and noises.This greasable Energy bushings allow for greasing without taking it off the brackets and you can just grease them through the grease nipples . You need a grease gun with a grease gun cartridge , squeezing trigger after you put grease gun nozzle over nipple.I had to modify the brackets that fit over the bushing because the mounting distance for the bolts on these brackets were too large . I had to use a round metal file to enlarge the holes and use a vise to squeeze the brackets slightly closer together . Then they fitted the factory mounting holes for the attachment bolts . Make sure you measure the distance between the mounting bolts to see if the brackets fit . These greasable bushing were ALOT larger than the non-greasable version 23mm bushings . They are nice to put on but required modification.If you do n't want to modify you can use smaller , greasable bushings by Prothane which have a smaller mounting range for your bolts such as these :[ ... -RSB- Check Energy Suspension 's website to see what the mounting range is and compare to your own car 's mounting bolts distance , otherwise they may not fit or you have to do some modifying -LRB- which some people would not want -RRB- . http://www.energysuspension.com/products/Sway-Bar-End-Link-Bushings.htmlPros
 My husband was very pleased . It was packed great and the company was easy to contact because I needed another part . Enjoyed working with them and will do so in the future
 The best glove money can buy . Worn them in low 40 deg 4 hour rides and hands were toasty warm . Buying a second pair just incase they decide to stop making them , I 'm a bay area commuter and I wear these to split lanes . The dexterity is great without losing the warmth . You 'll love them
 It 's been a year since I bought these and they 're still going strong . Going at 60 + mph in 50 Fahrenheit or lower weather , my hands do get a bit chilly , but it 's tolerable . They also keep me relatively warm from the rain . They have been good gloves for the price , and if they were a bit warmer and drier , I 'd definitively rate them five stars .
 After fighting cold and frozen hands on my bike I decided to give these gloves a try.To my surprise the first thing I noticed was I no longer felt the wind blowing through my gloves , my old gloves offered 0 protection against the wind . My hands stayed nice and warm on my maiden voyage with them.The gloves are well made , and fit great . I am super happy with these gloves .
 I did the slave and the master at the same time on my 96 Mazda Miata , clutch feels good again .
 The ignition switch was needed for my daughter 's Saturn . It worked great and saved me money over buying it elsewhere .
 For the price it was a nice addition to the wifes scoot . Directions and diagrams a little sketchy , so a few brain cells were required for installation . In the end , wife 's happy , so I 'm happy . : -RRB-
 These are quality parts . Swapped out my O ring forward controls for this bad boy . Honestly ca n't tell the factory 's version and this apart .
 I saw a demo on a geared display that showed just how well it helped oil cling to parts . Well worth swapping out for a quart of oil in the oil change process . After my first gratis Infinity g37s oil change , there was a rattle sound in my engine . They recommend using the Esther oil upgrade which is an additional hundred dollars . It did n't change the noise but this Lucas oil did . Now I get my Esther from z1motor and half a bottle of lucas that last two oil changes so I get a left over Nissan Esther every time I order a new kit . Since no oil gets burned off , the bottles end up saving me 60 dollars of Esther after 4 oil changes.If you plan on keeping you car , use this to improve molars , performance , and engine life .
 This product hands down will extend the life of you engine and its performance , i work in a lube shop so i get to see beat down engines and well kept ones , this stuff has saved a lot of customers from buying a new engine or vehicle .
 I use this product in my BMW X-5 which started buring oil around 80K miles and it really helps oil consumption and it runs like a champ !
 Actually , it 's gooey and looks great , you would have to ask my car how it feels . She purrs and runs great . I like and trust Lucas products , they are my choice for my 14 year old convertible .
 I have been using this with AMSOIL and I can feel the difference in my engine . Living in a warm climate I appreciate the extra viscosity that this produce provides
 Funciono al instante , work . . ... ... ... ... ... & Ntilde ; . . ... & Ntilde ; . . . . ... ... ... . ... ... ...
 I 'm a bit hesitant to try it after hearing some `` freak '' related situations that may have been directly or contributed by this product . Other than that , will update after research/decision/results . Cheaper than stores , ships fast , and exactly as described .
 I was having to top off my power steering fluid every couple of days , so took my 1995 Camry to my mechanic . He told me I needed to have the rack replaced at a cost of about $ 700 . I put it off , then found this product when picking up some power steering fluid . I was skeptical , but tried it . The bottle I bought was I think 24 ounces instead of the 12-oz bottle I see here on Amazon . I did n't siphon out the previous fluid before using it , but my reservoir was nearly empty . The leak slowed in the weeks ahead , but because it still leaked I thought eventually I would have to pay for the repair . But then , coincidently after I drained the last of the bottle , the leak stopped -- I have n't had to add any fluid for over 9 months now . I am frankly amazed that this product actually worked , saving me a great deal of money .
 This little bottle would have been a bargain at 10 times the price . My wife 's 2003 Chrysler Town and Country had been plagued with a noisy growling power steering system for months . It had been getting worse and worse . She finally took it to the dealer and the only recommendation they had was a new pump , hoses and rack and pinion assembly . Needless to say this was going to cost hundreds of dollars . Out of curiosity , I did an internet search on `` Town and Country noisy Power Steering '' . I found bulletin board after bulletin board of people having this exact same problem with their T&C 's . On one of the boards , a Chrysler tech suggested giving Lucas Power Steering formula a try . He said that it had had good results with this problem . At 10 bucks , I figured why not ? I used an antifreeze tester to suck out as much of the old power steering fluid out as I could , then I refilled the pump with Lucas . When I started the van , the grinding whining noise was still there ... for a whole three seconds !!! It was like I had flipped the silent switch . Just like that the noise stopped ... completely . It sounds like a brand new van . There is no grinding , no howling , no nothing . Just smooth and quiet steering from full left to full right , even stopped an at an idle which had reached the point of being an embarrassment in parking lots . Weeks later the problem is still gone . . maybe for a long long time . 10 bucks ? What a deal !!!
 This fixed my issue . I was losing so much power steering fluid that I was refilling it every other day . So , since I had some success with other Lucas products I decided to give it a try . It took 11/2 bottles , but I am not seeing a leak and that buys me some time -LRB- maybe a lot of time -RRB- before I need to go through the expense of installing a remanufactured rack and pinion steering assembly -LRB- It looks like the leak was coming from a seal -RRB- .
 I 'll start by saying IT WORKS . If you have leaks in any other place OTHER than a seal , this may not fix your leak . Sometimes hoses have leaks on the actual plumbing , not the connections . This is made for leaks at the seals of the rack.I 'm an auto mechanic on the side . The car I worked on was a 2001 Oldsmobile Alero with 155,000 miles . When parked at night , there was a 4-6 inch puddle of power steering underneath . I did a partial flush to the system and added Valvoline High Mileage fluid , then finished up the rest with half of the bottle of this Lucas Stop Leak . After sitting that night I found no more power steering fluid drops on the floor . I 've never been a believer in miracle liquids , but this stuff works well .
 My 1997 Camry was leaking power steering fluid pretty badly . Brought it to a mechanic who told me the leak was coming from the power steering pump . It would cost me $ 500.00 to replace . Got a second opinion and was told it was leaking from the rack and pinion and would cost $ 1,200.00 to replace . Decided to try a bottle of the Lucas Power Steering Stop Leak first . I chose the Lucas since they offer a money back guarantee . Poured 10 ounces of the 12 ounce bottle . After about a day did not notice any more leakage . Has now been a week and still going strong !
 Get this kind of power steering leak fluid . Wo n't work for all leaks , but most leaks are caused by Teflon Valves drying up , thereby allowing fluid to slowly seep out -LRB- usually after you 've had the car for awhile -RRB- . This will refresh valves , create good seal on power steering fluid container . My mechanic swears by Lucas Power steering fluid . I ca n't vouch for other kinds , but this one fixed my leak . Just make sure your valves on power steering container are teflon , some are rubber -LRB- but most nowadays are teflon -RRB- . Lucas is the one to get !
 I have a leak in my power steering system & I was topping up every two weeks before using Lucas 10008 Power Steering Stop Leak . So far , I have only topped up once in a month , so I am pretty sure that at least it is slowing the leak . I will continue using as directed & necessary & hopefully update my results later on ...
 About 10 years ago I thought I had a rear main seal/oil pan gasket leak on a car . I tore it down -LRB- lifted the engine up , etc -RRB- ... big job . Upon backing it out of the garage , noticed the power steering pump was whining ... DOH , it was powersteering fluid . I felt dumb and wasnt about to sink more time and money into the car , so I tried this . And it worked perfectly . Had the car for a few years after.Fast forward to today . Looking at my childs volvo , its whining , bubbles in the power steering fluid and leaking . Easily a $ 500 repair . So I siphoned as much as I could out of the resivoir and filled it back up with the stop leak . Started and within seconds , it was quieter . The turning was easier . After one min of running and turning the wheel , it feels and sounds like new !!!!!!!!! I cant comment on the leaking yet , but this product delivers . I never write reviews , but this product saved me lots of money and time !
 My car was leaking a little power fluid -LRB- about the size of a quarter every day -RRB- and my mechanic told me that the source of the leak was from the seals in my rack and pinion . He did suggest that I try stop leak to see if it would work . After about 1 week I noticed no more leaking on my garage floor . It worked for me , naturally my leak was n't extensive or big , so hopefully I caught it before it got real bad . For those reviews that said it did n't work for them , it appears that maybe their leaks were much more extensive than mine . I am happy and 100 % satisfied with this product , knock on wood .
 I give this item a 5-star because the manufacturer really does refund your money if the product does n't work exactly as stated on the bottle . I got a refund check for two bottles by sending the receipts for the purchase along with the bar code off of the bottle to the address on the Lucas website . It would be inappropriate to rate the product poorly because the car had a hole in one of the power steering fluid lines , and it was just too big for this product to repair .
 One bottle stops leaking of my power steering system . Helps me save money ! Mechanics said it will cost me around $ 500 to replace the pump and hose .
 Basically , this products does its job what it says on the bottle . I am satisfied . I did n't have too much leaking problem , it worked for me . I do not know about too much leaking issues .
 Put it in my 97 Ford explorer and it stopped the leak and made the steering smoother . It saved me from having to replace the pump . Its now been in for over a month and is still working great .
 Used this product on a 1991 Nissan Stanza for the power steering leak . Worked great . Have had good luck with Lucas Products .
 Item is as described and delivery was fast . Ca n't ask a lot more than that !
 As i exit the freeway i see a cloud of smog coming out of my engine area , the same day i did a google search on possible issues with Power steering systems . Came across some treads on this product , rushed to the local auto parts store , started using it immediately , went through half 12 ounce bottle before i was able to see any results , that was some two years ago still have the other half bottle in garage . Great product , saved me at least $ 600.00 since my car is a BMW and most likely the steering pump cost a ton of $ .
 Despite having a full PS reservoir , my pump whined like nobody 's business . I bought this product per advice from some auto-care blogs I read . Per suggestion , I used the spray mechanism from an old spray bottle to empty as much of the reservoir as I could into an empty bottle . I then refilled the reservoir with Lucas 10008 Power Steering Stop Leak . I then capped the reservoir and started my engine . A turn of the steering wheel to the right and then to the left and all whining was gone ! Just as it says on the bottle , it even tightens the steering response . I drove twenty some miles to work the day after and was absolutely amazed . BTW , the fluid that I extracted from the PS reservoir looked like thin muddy water . It was obvious the old fluid had outlived its time . The guy at the shop had no clue . Save some money and try this first .
 I reade a few reviews about several Power Steering leak products . Lucas was well reported so I decided to try it.All I can say is yes it did all it said it did and in short order . The squeeling and whinning gone in 1/2 a bottle . Yes I will have it looked at but at least it can now be done around me and my time . It works and was worth the higher price.On many items the reviews that others write really help knowing a lot more.Thanks all took the time to review this one .
 I have used other Lucas products and have been pleased overall . I own a 1987 Toyota Van which I use during the summer only . It currently has over 200000 mile on it . About 5 years ago , I went to put the van back into service for the summer . The van started and ran well as always . The problem was the power steering pump . There was a loud growling sound . I thought it might be air in the line but the fluid level was OK and the sound continued after the car was run for over 10 minutes . I DID NOT have any leaks in the system . Nevertheless , I know Lucas products have worked `` miracles '' on other problems and I figured , what can I loose . I used an oil change pump and sucked out enough fluid that I could add a bottle of Lucas power steering stop leak and refill the resivoir to the full mark . I restarted the car . The growling sound was reduced by about 1/2 . As the car ran , the noise continued to diminish . Eventually it was running close to normal . I began using the car as normal . Eventually ALL noise was gone . I have probably put close top 30,000 miles on the car since I added the Lucas treatment . Everything is still just fine . This saved me from having to buy a new Power Steering pump.A final Thought ... I dont know why the product worked on this particular problem . I just know that it DID work . If you are having probelms related to power steering , you have nothing to loose by trying it .
 It did slow down the leaking , but I am not sure if it stopped it yet ... I will probably need to use the third bottle in a week or two ... -LRB- it is some general leak , not a big one -RRB-
 I own a 1996 Dodge Intrepid that developed a bad leak coming from somewhere in the rack and pinion assembly , It got to the point where it was so bad that I could only drive the car for a few miles when it would start leaking fluid down onto the exhaust system . Not only was this dangerous , but it also caused a great deal of smoke to come from the vehicle as I was driving -LRB- it made the car look like a really bad `` oil burner '' -RRB- . The estimated cost to repair would be around $ 1000 . I was ready to scrap the car when I heard about Lucas Power Steering Stop Leak . I completely emptied the power steering pump reservoir with a small pump from a shampoo bottle , which incidentally worked quite well . I was able to pour the entire contents of the bottle of additive into the reservoir . I took off and drove around for about half an hour with no smoke whatsoever . I checked the reservoir and it was full . I saw no signs of leakage at all . I have been driving the car daily for about two weeks and have n't had to add a drop . I am totally happy with this product and would highly recommend it . I hope it works as well for you as it did for me .
 Well , I had a growl in my power steering . Turn right , turn left at slow speeds and it growled and groaned . I looked on several forums for Bimmers and decided I 'd do a flush and refill on the fluid . Did it , growl still present . Did I mention that I was losing fluid ? Not much , but some , enough to keep an eye on the reservoir -LRB- which I also replaced when I did the flush -RRB- . Everything worked okay , but that noise - I did n't like it . So looking at car stuff , I saw this as well as some other stop-leak products . It 's about $ 10 at Walmart for the small size , but I figured I 'd give it a try before replacing the pump and/or hoses . Lucas has , on the directions , that a second bottle might be needed for badly worn systems . My 325i is past 250,000 miles now . So - I bought a bottle . The fluid was already down enough that I could pour this in . Pour , btw , is a relative term . This stuff is thick . First bottle , no problem , I start the car up and it is IMMEDIATELY quiet . I go to back out of my parking space , no growls . I 'm ecstatic.And then about three days later , the growl comes back . Not as bad , but it 's there . The fluid is down a little , but not a lot . I buy a second bottle , gritting my teeth the whole time . I pumped a little extra fluid out of the reservoir so I could add the entire second bottle of this . And
 Lucas products are by far the best $ can buy . Had leak on 1992 Honda Civic . Took car to shop and they wanted $ 300 to fix . I totally drained power steering fluid and filled back up with lucas stop leak . It continued to leak for 1 week . I filled back up with another half bottle and the leak stopped ! Would recommend .
 They fit perfect , do n't slide around . The are n't rubber and a a bit slick when wet shoes touch them but other than that there the best I 've found .
 Used this to switch my 1973 Monte Carlo over to electronic ignition . Works great and starts like a dream . Only downside isit can be a pain in the butt getting the screws in . I dropped them countless times which lead to some major frustration .
 Had to remove the distributor gear on our '59 Cadillac to reduce up and down movement . The Pertonix has a tight clearance window between the sensor and magnet . Had to search for a new pin before we could complete the job . Did n't expect that .
 If you are concerned that this will be a big project , do not hesitate it can easily be done in an hour . My install took 2 days because I decided to disassemble the entire distributor clean , paint and grease the entire unit , after 40 years I thought it deserved it . In my opinion this unit eliminated any performance concerns I had with the ignition because you just install it set the timing and you are done . I also replaced the coil with the PerTronix Flame Thrower 2 coil , it was a little bigger and I had to elongate the mounting holes on the coil bracket to move it away from the distributor cap a little . My install was on a 73 Corvette 350 SBC .
 I put this in my 68 camaro and it definitely starts easier and runs smoother . I installed it in 30 min and it started right up
 With so many parts for my Mustang SVO being obsolete , it 's nice to find new near stock items still available from the manufacturer . This was a perfect fit .
 This was a grade aa + product very easy to install , and operates with smooth motion . Does n't stick or hang up .
 No more points and condensers for me ! Yeah , this took a good amount of thought and research on the internet , but actual install time was about 40 minutes and now my Olds runs soooooo smoothly !
 I installed this in my wife 's 1972 Corvette . I found it quite an easy up-grade and decided to remove the distributor for installation . It was completed in less than an hour , including re-timing . I also installed the `` Flame Thrower '' coil at the same time . I should have done this many years ago . It definitely runs better than it ever has and even my wife noticed it right away at higher RPM 's .
 I recently installed this kit on my 1974 Pontiac Grandville , along with a new Pertronix 1.5 ohm `` Flamethrower '' coil . BGBG -LRB- Big Green Baby Girl -RRB- started right up and ran great . I can not stress how easy a conversion this is ... especially for a Pontiac V-8 , since the distributors are on the rear of the engine , under the rear of the hood , not a particularly easy place to reach , especially when having to set point gap and dwell .
 This winch is sturdy , compact and well made . For light duty work you ca n't beat it .
 had a 10 by 10 foot crank up deck umbrella 's internal winch fail ... atttached this on the outside and voila ... the umbrella is saved !!!
 This is a good product . It came on time , was fully satisfactory , and is good quality .
 This grease is useful for open gearing in older equipment . When centrifugal force can throw the grease off gears , this is the grease to use . We use it on the power train gears of antique Teletype machines . We would recommend it for antique tractors , traction engines , and similar applications .
 I purchase this product when I installed a new suspension linkage on by 5th Wheel RV . The shipment arrived earlier than I expected , so happy with the service . I used the grease in a Lincoln 1134 grease gun . They worked together very well . The grease is packaged well and there was very little residual in the tube when it was empty . I would use this product again .
 i use this as transition and axle cup lube for my 5th scale gas r/c cars and it does a great job of keeping everything moving freely .
 Used it to build a single speed bike and to fix my sticky hood on my car . Great stuff and holds its own against other more expensive kinds .
 Great price for a quality product . Lucas makes a very good line of products with a well respect name and a bottle like this for the price is unbelievable .
 I have been sold on Lucas Oil Products for many years . I have gone through gallons of this stuff and I beleive it has add years of life to our two vehicles . Both Ford vehicles are at 145K + miles and running strong .
 It has n't done much to save gas on my 1995 Toyota Camry , but it has improved the responsiveness of the 3.0 liter V6 . I did have a check engine light on and now it 's gone . I say it works !
 I give this product 4 stars because it definetively did make a difference in my car but it did n't make it brand new again . My car is a 1996 Mercury Villager GS minivan with 224000 miles . Before using this product my car had a very rough and loud idle . It sound like a low pitched din in the cockpit . But after a full tank of this treatment the idle was less rough . Still a bit rough at times but way smoother than before . I guess it did n't completely change my car because the engine I imagine is probably very dirty . So after this I bought a product called Seafoam and poured it into a full tank of gas -LRB- 2 days ago -RRB- and so far it seems to have made a way bigger difference than Lucas . So I suggest not wasting your time with this and going for Seafoam . This is still a effective product though .
 Ca n't say enough about this . It 's the best investment you can make . Makes a noticeable difference in gas milage and prof.
 Ever since the first time I was turned onto Lucas I have been a big believer , I add it to every car I own when it starts developing a little ` tick ' or the mpg drops a little . It really makes a difference !! Excellent stuff !! Thanks ,
 I personally Noticed a bit of improvement on my 2002 Jetta 2.0 l. I 've tried other products in the past , and nothing was super noticeable , after using a bottle of this stuff car just seemed to run quieter . Lucas makes good stuff and I will continue to trust them with my car .
 I have been using this for the better part of a decade . I have conducted semi-scientific experiments and totally believe I get better response , a wee bit more HP , a bit more MPG , and most likely get longer life and lower emissions from my car.gotta love it !
 Every mechanic/car person I have talked to speaks very highly of Lucas products . I did n't buy this product for its gas mileage savings , but rather I tried this specifically to help my '06 Nissan Altima run smoother and it worked great . Quicker response time between when I stepped on the gas and the car sped up and I could feel the overall power of the engine increase slightly , but noticeably ... Great product ... I 'll keep buying .
 My '99 4 cyl . Toyota Tacoma has been a superb little workhorse and fishing buddy -LRB- trips to the dump , hauling camping gear , etc. -RRB- and has never needed major engine work . Within the past few years , however , it began running roughly and would `` stumble '' when accelerating , even though I 'd stayed on top of maintenance.Our local mechanic indicated my fuel injectors may eventually need to be replaced , but in the meantime he recommended Lucas injector cleaner . Simply put , I could n't be happier . Most of the acceleration issues have cleared up and it 's definitely running more smoothly . I did n't buy it looking for increased MPG efficiency , so I do n't have any insight there . I 'm so impressed with its sheer ability to reduce noise and smooth things out , though , that I 'm buying in bulk to use regularly with my truck and my wife 's '02 Subaru.Strongly recommended .
 My check engine light came on . I took the truck in for a tune-up , changed the oil , sparkplugs and even bought a new gas cap -LRB- suggested by electronic printout at the mechanics -RRB- nothin turned off the light . The mechanic suggested treating with Lucas . After two tanks of gas treated with Lucas , the light went off .
 In the automotive market , there 's a lot of snake oil . Most of it is just junk . Some products do nothing . Those are the good ones . The bad ones screw up your car . This is one of the few that actually work . It keeps your fuel delivery system clean . I use Lucas Oil with every fill up . When I change the fuel filter , clean gasoline comes trickling out . In cars without it , I usually see black gunk spill back out of the fuel filter . This is not a cure-all in a single serving bottle . But if used regularly , over time , you will see results .
 Power increase . Smoother operation of motor . Maybe even a slight mpg increase . I use it in 3 gasoline cars and one diesel van and it is a great performance enhancer .
 I have a 1998 Toyota Corolla LE with 236,000 miles and the engine was stalling and dying on me . My car would start up easy when cold but if i turned the car off after it warmed up then it would be very hard to start . I decided to use this Lucas injector cleaner in my car . I checked my mileage and i was getting 27 mpg on the hwy before i used Lucas fuel injector cleaner . I put the whole 1 quart bottle into my 13.2 gallon gas tank and started the car and checked my gas mileage again and i am now getting 38 mpg on the hwy which is amazing . I went from 27 mpg to 38 mpg . I got nearly 11 mpg more from this product.It says that it will treat 100 gallons of gas so i just drive about 100 miles and then fill it back full of gas and drive 100 miles and fill it full of gas and check my mileage as the cleaner is being diluted down in my tank and running through my fuel system on my car . My car does not die anymore and does n't stall or acting funny now that i put this in my tank . I am very happy with this product and the results i got were amazing.It says on the bottle that it wo n't harm your fuel system if you put too much so it 's not going to hurt anything if you add the entire bottle in your tank . I believe you get the fuel effects of the cleaning by adding the entire bottle if it 's as dirty as mine was . The fuel injectors do n't tick or make any noises now and once i run all this through my tank and my tank is empty i will put another quart of this in my tank to make sure i get the injectors clean and then i will move to a smaller bottle and keep it maintained.I am the fourth owner of my car so the people that owned the car before me did not take care of it and this is by far a true tune up in a bottle . I have cleaned the engine and changed the oil and many other things as air filter , oil filter , fluids flushed and i finally have my car under control.I will keep everyone posted on how long i keep this mpg in my car with this product . This is really a good product and if it did n't work the first time for you then run it through your car again . Some cars are dirtier than others so one time may not work for your car . I am given you my honest experience with this product and what i have seen with my own eye 's .
 I ca n't comment on improved fuel mileage but it sure made a difference with all my engines . The throttle response is better on my old motorcycles , the lawn mowers start on the first pull and my power washer engines run better & smooth .
 Even though I have used this product for a short period in both vehicles the gas milage has improved as well as using one grade lower gas with no ill effects .
 Used half the bottle for 2 fill ups in a row . I was right around 50k miles.I noticed less engine vibration at idle and my mileage seems to have increased .2 -.6 mpg . I always keep accurate count of my mpg.Over all it does seem to make my engine run slightly smoother from what I can tell . I would n't say it works miracles by any means but I would sill recommend for higher mileage cars every so often .
 Do n't be tempted to use this product after a few times and then shelf it for later . Use the whole bottle . It was n't until I got near the end of the bottle that I started to notice real gains in gas mileage . Also , depending on your engine 's injectors , consider changing them after 100,000 miles or whatever is recommended . Injectors are consumable and not supposed to stay in for the life of your gas motor .
 I have always used Slime in tires on Mountain Bikes , Lawn Mowers , and ATVs.Now that I live and work in a less than civilized environment , I have found that it works incredibly well in truck tires . I 've gone from having at least one flat a week to having no flats in months!Also , the gallon jug with pump makes it soooo easy to measure and install.I purchased mine from the Amazon seller `` Warehouse Deals , Inc '' at a substantial savings.Check them out .
 This works very good with off-road equipment to fix or prevent small leaks.Amazon has got a great deal for this product as compared with any local stores in my area .
 I started using this stuff a couple of years ago and I have to tell you that it is one of the most useful products I have introduced to the place.I use this Slime a lot , ergo the gallon size . I have numerous and varied garden equipment , mowers , yard tractors and bicycles as do a number of nearby relatives . The tires on these vehicles were constantly developing slow leaks ... well , actually some where not so slow , and this stuff has pretty well cured that . We have a lot of thorns here and simply put we sort of live out in the woods.The pump action on this container ; which is actually a measuring device , makes administering this stuff a snap . If you follow the directions on the container , which are quite simple and direct , you can hardly go wrong.To be honest , I have started putting this stuff in the tires of even new machines I buy even though the tires are new . It eliminates the small punctures which invariably happen at the wrong time . This is particular true with my bicycles . I have not had a flat since I started using this stuff.The price here is quite good ; much better than I can find it locally.I have tried this once on one of our cars . We had a slow leak and upon examination I found a very small bit of wire which was causing the problem . I removed the wire , applied this slime and all was well . That was over six months ago and as I check the pressure in all of our vehicles constantly , I can assure you that the Slime worked quite well . It should also be noted that I have a number of close family members who are in construction ... nails , nails , nails and more nails ! I have converted them and they all use this product now and it has cut down on their flats by at least 90 percent ! The other 10 percent is that they insist on taking their trucks into places never meant to be driven in ... go figure.It will not though ; after reading some of the reviews here an in other areas , that this product is only good for what it is meant to be used for . It will not fix leaky valve stems . It will not fix cuts and tears on the side of the tires . It will not fix rusty or bent wheels and it is not a cure all for extending the life of tires that were never meant to be used past a certain point . Safety wise , tires are one of the most important parts of your care and something you really should not take a chance with . If there is any doubt in your mind you really need to have an expert check the problem out and go from there.Anyway , this is good stuff and I do highly recommend it.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 Puts an end to nuisance flats . I 've used it on skid steer , tractor , lawn mowers , atvs , powerwasher , wheel barrow , tillers , kid 's bikes , and balls . It seems to work everytime , and it has a long shelf life after opening . It keeps for years without going bad .
 This is a great product . I work on lawnmowers and we get nails in the tires constantly . This stuff seals em right up . The only thing I would complain about is that there 's a small tool that comes with it to remove valve stems and it does n't connect to the jug , so there 's a good chance that you will lose it .
 I purchased one gallon of slime to use with my Polaris Sportsman . Buying it by the gallon was the right decision and it was priced right .
 I have a almost 20 yo Chevy WK Trk . And the Tires are starting to dry rot and I had a slow leak on one , I put this in all four tires and Now all tires are holding air better than they did before . It works Great , I would also buy a Valve Steam removal tool , instead of plastic one provided . Works Great Worth The Money , Do n't be fooled by other Brands , Slime is the Best . I Do n't trust those other products . I used to work in a automotive shop fixing tires and Slime always worked over leading brands , at least until tire is patched or replaced .
 i had this annoying slow leak and needed to air up every 2 weeks , slimed my tire 2 months ago and the pressure is still holding , i have no doubt it will continue to do so , have n't had a chance to see if it will fix a nail hole yet , but ca n't wait to try it out see it it 'll work
 I must qualify my rating by saying that I use Slime only on low speed tires -LRB- 5 MPH or less -RRB- . I prefer patches in all other tubeless tire repairs where possible . That being said , I am satisfied with this product . Good price . It also has a great shelf life . In all the years I have used this product , as long as it is resealed , it is always ready to go .
 I 've used green Slime in a few cars for as long as it has been around here . It 's better to be safe than sorry on a busy , wet , cold , & icy highway or in the wrong neighborhood . That 's especially important if it is your wife or daughter ! Slime works great and does n't freeze at -20 &#8457; / -29 &#8451; . I tested a bottle outside overnight when the temperature went down that low . The manufacturer 's instructions say to use about 8 oz/236 mL for our tires . I know the mfg would like us to use up more Slime as they make more money ; but , there is a problem with their instructions , I 've found.Unfortunately , going 35 mph/56 + Kph and using that amount , makes a balanced wheel vibrate like it is unbalanced . It shakes and makes driving unpleasant . So , over the years I decreased the amount used down to 4 oz/118 mL . There is plenty of sealing power in that smaller amount . And , it does n't clog up our automatic tire pressure sensors . The gallon is the most accurate way of getting that amount as pushing the pump down four times = 4 oz/118 mL . We have to remove & replace the Slime 2 X a year due to snow and ice in the winter when we change our all-season tires in November to studded snow tires . Yes , we use the Slime in the snow tires . When our tire guys remove the tires from the rims , we provide him with paper towels to soak up the previous season 's Slime and to remove some Slime film that gets on the inside of the rim -LRB- he uses his cleaner -RRB- . They are most happy to do that extra work for the tip they get . But , to be accurate , we do the pumping of the Slime into the tires .
 I love this stuff but I havent changed a tire yet . Not sure what the inside of my rim will look like . It seals slow leaks perfectly .
 I bought this gallon size because I have many bike tires to fill . So far this product has worked great and the gallon size is cost efficient.I did have a little problem getting the slime to get started through the pump . But after about a minute or two of pumping , it finally started to flow . And I received the slime from Powersport Superstore in just 2 days !
 I put these shocks in my 2008 Ranger , 2wd because OEM shocks were extremely stiff . The Sensa-Trac is an improvement at a price that is just as reasonable as the ride you get !
 Best Light Truck Shock Absorber made on the market . They claim to replace shocks every 50 thousand miles . My where on my truck 80 thousand miles .
 My Explorer shocks were gone and I know I needed to do something . It was getting to the point it was dangerous to drive the Explorer , every time I hit a bump the wheels would leave the ground and the control was terrible . I 've always trusted Monroe and these had a great price . After changing the shocks the ride was smooth , firm and most of all I was back in control . I would say the ride was just like when the truck was new if not better . It 's not a hard jarring ride but firm . Face it , an Explorer is never going to feel like driving a luxury car but at least my wheels stay on the ground and when I make a sudden move like avoiding something on the freeway I do n't feel like the Explorer is going to roll on me like it was before . I would recommend these . Before I ordered these I checked the local automotive store and these were much cheaper in price . They were shipped very quickly and easy to install . The day before I changed them I did go out and sprayed all the bolts and nuts with PB Blaster and when I removed them the next day they came off with no problem .
 I put a set of these in 8 years ago and these are just as good if not better than those were . The service was really and received them fast . I would recommend this product .
 It covers perfectly from the cold wind giving a confort when riding in cold and wet wheaters . The arm protections work great , I had an unfortuantely slip down during riding in wet asfalt an no injuries to my arms due its protection , also the material didnt damage . I recommend 100 % its use .
 This helmet is excellent for airsoft . Its lightweight but simulation shaped . It fits well with standard helmet covers and its plastic allows for modifications i.e. Night Vision Mount . However , its light weight plastic does not sacrifice strength . In the interest of strength tests , I fired my air rifle at it . This helmet should be able to stop up to 1200 fps . Would n't guarantee it but its definitely strong . If you play airsoft , and you want realistic head gear , a definite thumbs up for this .
 I purchase this item for my Grandson to use in his `` Airsoft Wars . '' He is thrilled with the protection and the realism . A perfect item for this use .
 I knew when I bought this helmet it was Not a Level 3A Helmet Made for Ballistic protection , I am very pleased with the Quality of the Helmet for The Price , and what I will be Using it for It will work Well . . I am going to Add some more Padding to it So that it will fit my head Better . . The strap is Good and is holding up well so Far ... I would recommend this to a Friend . .
 I 've tried other oil filter and they worked just fine but I personally like to use the factory oil filters since that 's what the owners manual request to use for better car performance . Also at the price Amazon is selling it for at 3.45 -LRB- Also its way cheaper then other leading brands of oil filters for the time being -RRB- is a very good bargain .
 i must firstly mentioned that i previously had the EBC Redstuff on , so my review is coloured by it a bit ... the pads work well , , with good initial bite moving into a firm grip when depressed further . the transition is natural , so there 's no jerk in braking constantly/slowly . there is little difference between temperatures -LRB- though i am in the tropics , so my temp 's 25-40 deg C -RRB- , though there is a barely noticeable performance if pad is wetted prior to driving -LRB- e.g. washing the car -RRB- . the brake force is good , though less than the Redstuff -LRB- obviously ! -RRB- . it works well for daily driving on all types of roads and styles . i 've pushed them a bit and found they stood up to hard braking and such.one thing to note is that the Redstuff lasted significantly less than other pads i 've used , due to it being a performance pad . i 'm keeping an eye on the Greenstuff to see if it does as well.all in all , a good product that i 'd recommend for daily driving of all types ! : -RRB-
 OUR GRANDSON WAS THRILLED WITH THE BILLS WHEEL COVER . IT PROUDLY IS DISPLAYED ON THE BACK OF HIS GEO TRACKER .
 I needed several styles of boot to clear my headers and this product does it as it lets you bend the boot to where you need it to clear . 4 stars because no wire looms come with it .
 I bought this just to tint the sunroof in my honda element , because there is no way to block the sun and it makes the car very hot . This tint was easy to cut and apply , not much else to say . Color is good and we 'll see how it holds up over time .
 but overall does great when u get it to stick does not move all that great could be pilled off by a scraper
 My son needed this and it is exactly what he was expecting . Loved it and had fast service as well .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 Used NGK Iridium plugs prior to these . Noticed at least a 10 % increase on gas mileage and a better throttle response . Installed in a '06 Mercury Milan Premier V6
 These spark plugs work great in my 2000 GMC . They may cost a little more but you get what you pay for sometimes .
 removed the old ones at 90,000 could have gone another 50,000 when the time comes to change plugs on anything , these will be the ones I choose .
 A bit on the expensive side , but it fits perfectly -- I mean it looks like these seat covers were put in by the car manufacturer . Tight and relatively easy to put in . Some install steps are much easier with 2 people doing it . Openings for side airbags are a nice touch . Overall , esthetically pleasing , perfect fit and functional .
 Got front and rear shocks for my wife 's E150 Ford Van that weighs about 21/2 tons . These babies make it ride sturdy and stable on the road through a variety of conditions . You ca n't beat a Monroe Shock for quality , reliability , and service after the sale should you have need of a replacement under their lifetime warranty ! Great price by Amazon.com and timely delivery ! Amazon.com continues to be my go to place . Not even Rock Auto could match this price !
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 If you have a 6.0 Power Stroke , then this is what you NEED ... NEVER buy anything besides a Motorcraft Oil Filter ... Quality you can trust !!!
 Choosing the Ford Motorcraft filters are well worth the extra couple of dollars to avoid the incorrect sizing in some after market filters which allows oil to go around the filter .
 The only filter I will buy for my 6.0 L Power Stoke going on 379k and still strong must buy for your 6.0 L if you love her .
 It is important to purchase your oil filter from Motorcraft . This is because the filter and housing are designed to work together -- opening a check valve that drains the oil from the filter housing into the crankcase , when you change the filter . That way you do n't spill oil when you change the filter element . Other brands of replacement filters may not correctly actuate this valve , which can cause unintended operation . I do n't know exactly what would happen , but this is one area where cutting costs does n't make sense . Also , the genuine part seems a reasonable price already .
 too many words are required to say that this is a good product at a good price . it met my needs .
 It 's the OEM oil filter . It works as it should . The main reason I ordered it from Amazon is the price . It was MUCH less than I could get it for locally . Ford has high standards for their OEM products . While I 'm sure some aftermarket ones could be the same or even possibly better , for my driving this works great . My truck is tuned but I 'm no racer .
 Good quality product . Price was right and ordering was easy . Product arrived on time as expected . No issues with this order at all .
 Good price on oem Motorcraft oil filter for 6.0 Diesels.OEM filters are a must for 6.0 s . You can also use Racor PFL2016 as Racor is the manufacturer for Motorcraft oil and fuel filters .
 I swapped this into my Excursion after a tune up . I bought the truck used and the previous owner was using a Napa oil filter . I swapped in this OEM filter and noticed faster starting and faster build up of oil pressure . The 6.0 L is not a motor to be messed with using non OEM parts , the Napa filter was n't even anywhere close to the same size as the OEM filter .
 For those that are looking for a genuine Motorcraft oil filter for the Ford 6.0 L PSD ; this is the one .
 Purchased because I was looking for an OEM oil filter for my F-250 . Fit and works perfectly ! No complaints at all .
 Stick with Motorcraft for your Fords . You can be confidant the products meet the standards that your engine was designed to be using . Especially for oil in diesels , this is very important.Item comes with a new gasket for the oil filter cap . Be sure to remove the old one , clean the area , and dip the new one in new oil before you put it on the cap . Add more oil over the gasket once installed , this keeps the rubber from stretching too much while you tighten down the cap .
 It came very soon after it was ordered and quite satisfied with the way it was handled , thank you
 Bought this for my 95 cherokee . Harness is the correct one and matches . One thing to note for cherokee owners , there is no ground wire in the harness . the cherokee has a seperate ground running to the radio . just tie that to your aftermarket radio ground and you are all set .
 Simple plug in to the factory harness , and wire matching colors to head-unit . This is as painless as it gets . Scosche never fails with wiring kits . Just make sure you have the right vehicle kit !
 worked great on a 1988 jeep wagoneer &#34; cherokee &#34; plugged in to stock wiring harness . wire colors are close . worked great .
 This cover was really nice but I had to send it back due to my son 's tires were too big for this cover . The cover is for standard size . He would have kept it if it fit . Good product .
 matches the length , style and even includes the washer . these bolts should be replaced with a head gasket and these worked great . just as good as the oem ones
 The kit included all parts and imformation to simplify the job .
 Great kit for the price . I 'm not an electrician , just a DIY'er . I did n't use the directions -LRB- of course -RRB- but followed my old wiring . The variable mounting holes on the back lights allowed me to mount lights without having to drill new mounting holes on the trailer . I simply reversed L and R sides . The lights are sealed so they should last much longer than my last lights .
 This company has the fastest shipping time of any company I have EVER dealt with ! My items came the next day after ordering the morning before . These are the second set I have ordered . The others lasted me at least five years and that 's after my three dogs had been in the car on the seatcovers many , many times - dirty and wet . I highly recommend this company and their seatcovers .
 This cover is `` universal '' so you get what you pay for ; however it will definitely keep your seats clean and you can replace it several times and still come out cheaper than one of so many of the other brands .
 I carefully researched and rechecked , ordered to install myself ; never got the chance . However , took to our local repair shop buddies and they installed easy enough . Unit came with the necessary mounting donut seal as well . Truck passed inspection , meaning unit functions as it should . My original unit was cracked so replacing with this actually improved performance enough to notice with better fuel mileage also as a nice extra . I can hear a little more `` throat '' to exhaust meaning good flow thru . Cost effective for me , certainly . When i get back to hauling firewood , we 'll be using that little extra power . Dont kid yourself as a little 2.3 FORD truck type engine has strong low end PULL . I installed tranny cooler and can haul a TON either spread over truck and trailer or just flat trailer tow ; YEAH , that little power boost will be nice ! ARGH ARGH !! And proper working CAT keeps heat moving out the back .
 Great design to the product the product works very well with no false positive notifications we use it all the time in a very busy auto repair company and facility
 The AC Delco cruise control module that I purchased from Amazon seems to be the real deal , a new module , not rebuilt . I installed it myself and saved about $ 600 buying it from Amazon and installing it , compared to a car dealer 's quote . But , I did pay to have a dealer analyze the problem .
 HiThis is a good product and very fast shippedMy corvette now run well on the french roadsphil from France
 The back seat cover was purchased primarily to save the back seat from getting soiled from my dog who I take on long road trips or short trips to the park . It was a lot easier to install and remove and to get clean than the previous cover that I had . The product is made of quality material that can stand up to a dog 's paws and can easily clean loose hair just by shaking it out . I would recommend this to anyone considering a cover for their back seat for this purpose .
 Fram filter includes large and small o-rings necessary for oil change . The o-rings alone would have cost as much as the filter at the local dealer ! .
 My '81 Kawasaki motorcycle takes this filter and I could n't find it at any retail shops.I only use them once or twice a year but I bought a few from AmazonSpend $ 25 and the shipping 's free!Why not ? I 'll use themFast delivery and exactly what I needed !
 I used this filter for my 1998 Kawasaki Ninja , works great and it is nice that it comes with a seal . Very Satisfied !
 I 've put over 50,000 miles on my latest motorcycle and change the oil at 3K intervals , so I 've got plenty of experience with this particular CH6012 filter and its competitor 's . I usually just buy whatever is cheaper , often Purolator , which I can find locally at Pep Boys . My Kawasaki dealer wants about $ 20 total for an OEM filter and the 2 o-rings , which I refuse to pay when I can see no difference between OEM and the after-market . This Fram deal on Amazon , particularly with my Prime , is an absolute steal . My only wish is that Fram , and the others , would use a slightly bigger box so the large diameter oil filter cover o-rings did n't have to be so squished-up inside the box . It always comes out deformed a bit , but though I 'm always concerned , I 've never had one leak after installation , either .
 seems to work good . better oil flow than stock . everything was included in kit and was easy to put together .
 Great price and is as advertised . Shiped fast . I 've not installed the item yet . I expect it to be perfect fit .
 Beats the dealer price on the filter any day . I ordered two and wish I had ordered more . Will be reordering later . Why pay somebody to pull one or two drain plugs , change the filter , and refill with fresh oil ? Do it yourself oil changes are quick , easy , and cheap insurance . My 86 Kawi and my brother 's 82 sure seem to think so .
 Bought these for a 1982 Kawasaki KZ440 LTD and they worked perfectly . The only complaint I have is for the guy who previously screwed on my oil cap bolt , he REALLY needs to use a torque wrench :-RRB- Anyways , everything seems great , I have no regrets on my purchase .
 I have a 2005 Ram 2500 Quad Cab . This seat cover does n't fit it as nice and tight as the picture , but fits good enough that my daughter and my dog are not going to get the seat nasty when they spill something . Also , I actually had to cut a slit in mine so that the middle shoulder harness seatbelt was usable . So , if you 're going for looks , do n't get this one . If your going for function , this one is great for the price !
 Bought these for my 97 grand am . Overall I 'm pleased , however I would like to note that these are re-manufactured brake shoes . It does not say this in the description but is on the box when it arrives . The shoes are very quiet and are good quality .
 For years I had problems with my truck -LRB- 2.8 liter V-6 , 5 speed , with throttle body fuel injection -RRB- in regards to pinging when going uphill.I did everything my mechanically inclined co-workers/friends and/or automotive newsgroups recommended : - gas filter-air filter-tried gas from every different gas station in town-tried octane increase additives-tuneup-new plugs-new plug wires-new electronic module inside distributor-new distributor cap and rotor - bought an OBD-I tester and daily monitored settings and readings , over a month period.Everything except replace the several hundred dollar ECM electronic control module.About 2005/2006 , I discovered the Bosch +2 plugs.I bought a set of 6 and installed them.Immediately my `` pinging under load '' issue decreased by at least 75 % or more.July 2011 - these newer Bosch +4 Iridium plugs were on gold box sale for $ 4.99 / each.I bought 6 and installed them.They replaced the bosch +2 from 5/6 years earlier.The engine runs the smoothest ever.No pinging at all.This was the best spent $ 35 ever , in what it returned to me in vehicle performance . -LRB- $ 35 = 6 plugs and a tube of anti-seize ** -RRB- If anyone is curious , these plugs are still `` Made in Germany '' ** Final thought / My .02 cents
 I have to use twenty words . Hmmm . Great ! Love them . I get 2 more miles per gallon in my truck , just installed a set in my Dad 's Buick Park Avenue so we will see how they work for him.We took the car for a ride and it did run quieter with better response . So far as I am concerned , the best plug out there right now . Great product !
 I had my ASE certified shop install a `` crate engine '' from GMC in August last year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- the 454 - -LRB- 7.4 lt -RRB- was a exact replacement for the one w / 200,000 miles-it ran good , but before I bought the truck , someone used -LRB- stop leak in the cooling system -RRB- - long story short - the 100,000 mile 3 year warranty from GMC was the selling point-after breaking the engine in w / RP break in oil - -LRB- 5,000 miles -RRB- 2 oil changes & fallowing `` MOTORMAN 's '' break in procedure - the 1st thing I did was replace the AC Delco plugs w / the Bosch 4502 plugs - I immediately saw 4 mpg better fuel consumption , changing the oil to RP synthetic , 91 octane fuel , marvel mystery oil in every fill up , K&N filters - oil & air-all this has given me 14-16 mpg on the HWY , w/a 4:10 rear gear-this is unheard of for a 454 in a K2500 - the BOSCH plugs are still clean as when I checked them @ 200 miles , they do self clean , they do improve performance , fuel economy , quick starts & Amazon has the best price-I depend on my truck in N.E.Wyoming winters , the hot summers , to get my 75 year young mother to any place she desires - w / out the research BOSCH has put into these plugs -LRB- & the other small improvements -RRB- I do n't feel that my truck would be as dependable - next is mom 's Tundra-I have confidence that the same self cleaning BOSCH plugs will show improvement w / her truck as well - thanks Amazon for the price & BOSCH for the product
 I was looking to put floor liners in my 1995 Bronco XLT since the carpets took a beating last winter . I wanted Weathertech brand because I 've had good luck with them in the past . There was no option available for the Bronco though . The Husky liners work and fit exactly the same . I 'm very satisfied with this product so far . We 'll see how it holds up through the winter.Note
 According to other websites this should fit the Front sway bar on the 98 altima GXE MT with AC . I ` ll let you know if it works .
 It 's cheap , it works , and it was shipped fast . Packaging was sturdy , and well padded , and my MPG we n't bact to where it should be .1994 Jeep XJ -LRB- Cherokee -RRB- 4.0 L L-6 M/T
 Installed a complete new exhaust system recently , all Walker parts , nothing fancy . Also installed this OS and all works fine ... no problems , no engine warning lights . Works Great and about $ 20 cheaper than anywhere else.Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ 1995 - 4 Liter Inline-6 engine .
 put a new exhaust system on my 95 jeep xj replaced the o2 sensor with a bosch works well been a big fan of bosch products pluged into factory plug in
 it 's the oxygen sensor that a need for my eagle talon 1996 non turbo and the price it 's great cheaper that autozone or some other auto parts
 I purchased this item to replace one that had burnt out . The price here was cheaper than what I could find at any of the auto parts stores in the area . I am pleased with my decision .
 Replaced the old 02 sensor with this one and everything looks good with no idiot lights coming on . Price was comparably quite good for my '95 Jeep Wrangler .
 Well built . Arrived as pictured . Adjusts very easily and can handle the average loads I tow . It gives a good amount of clearance from the bumper of my truck and is easy to adjust .
 Pulling a jetski with it and enjoying that I can adjust the height according to the beach where I 'm putting it on . Also makes easy to pull different kind of trailers , with different heights . It 's well made , easy to handle.Only 4 stars because I find the price a bit too high , otherwise great product .
 It is a truck hitch which is a fairly basic device but Curt has made a useful improvement with the 5 '' adjustment range for this ball mount . The paint on it is very thick and likely to hold up well , not that a rusty ball mount is likely to weaken it , but it is nice nonetheless.It is rated for 5,000 lbs . and if you stay under that it should hold up very well.Before buying the Curt version I saw ones for sale for less money but after reading the reviews it was an easy decision to pay a little bit more and get this one .
 HiI tow a Pop Up coach very heavy.My tow vehicle is a 3.2 Suzuki Grand Vitara v6 , and the ball Mount solved all problem with tong Weight.I am in Chile South AmericaRegards from Freddy
 Item fit my 2001 Volvo V70XC rear O2 sensor . Works well.Bosch 15733 Oxygen Sensor
 Excellent product , highest quality at a great price . Easy installation for a do-it-yourself type of person .
 Worked as expected ... special waterproof connector is somewhat difficult to install and involves cutting apart old sensor.Overall very happy .
 no complaints with this product , I recommend that you read the directions a couple of times . Do exactly what they say . it took me about 20 minutes to install . Problem solved .
 As advertised worked fine and was easy to convert to fit my vehicle . would order again if ever need another
 I passed emissions , but then a couple days later it went bad again . Weird timing . Did the job for me . fairly easy install
 Used this for my upstream -LRB- pre-cat -RRB- O2 sensor in my 99 MKIV 2.0 Jetta . Easy to put together , comes with everything you need to splice it into the old connector . Also this was about half as much as the OEM sensor .
 These sensors were a lifesaver it saved me lots of $ the dealer was going to charge 1200.00 to replace the sensors
 I used this for my 2003 Lexus Gs300 . Product was brand new and worked exactly to its specifications . Easy to install . No complaints good product .
 Brand new part , same as you would purchase at any local parts store for less than you 'd pay at any of them .
 Received the item quick and in good condition . Replaced it in accordance with the enclosed instructions without any problems . It fixed the problem ; engine light went off . Thanks .
 This was my first time to change out a O2 sensor and would not think twice about doing it again . Best price on the internet also .
 Other than the wiring diagram being confusing as it showed 4 different ways to wire it in there . the product was a good replacement for a fraction of the price . Just amke sure you do yoru home work online to fine out which wiring schematic to use or it is a useless purchase
 My 2005 Scion xA was giving showing the check engine light , which a scan revealed was a problem with the downstream oxygen sensor . This universal sensor is considerably cheaper than the OEM-connector sensor and well worth the little bit of extra work . The instructions make it pretty hard to screw up . I used a 7/8 inch box wrench , and used a hammer on the wrench to knock it loose . Then I followed the instructions to wire up the connector . The connection seems very solid , but I was able to run enough wire to locate the connector box inside the car just for extra protection . I would still be confident in it sitting underneath the car . After I plugged it in , the car started like normal and the check engine light was off . Excellent value from a well-known company like Bosch !
 Read the reviews on amazon and bought this . Was cheaper than autozone . Its pretty easy to put this in . The only issue you might have is stripping the wires . You can use a knife but you have to be careful not to cut too much copper .
 My van is Sienna 2006 . The error code was P0158 -LRB- bank 2 sensor 2 oxygen sensor -RRB- . Location of the sensor is at the bottom of engine right under hood lock . The upstream sensor is on the upper front part of the engine , close to the hood lock . Bank 2 sensor 1 downstream sensor is just under the body of passenger seat with connector under the seat . To loose sensors , you need warm up engine for 3 to 5 minutes . When it is clod , it is impossible to remove it . When it is hot , it is very easy . Toyota sensor is type B in Bosch 's document . The wiring mapping order is two blacks , one white , and one blue of Toyota sensor for two whites , one gray , and one black of Bosch respectively . Wiring may take a half hour or longer because you want to do it right at the first time . For 15 days and 1400 miles after the repair , no more check engine lights . The problem is fixed . Toyota sensor may be Denson OEM part and costs over $ 200 . The labor costs $ 100 + . It took me one hour and $ 50 + bucks.The above review was on Feb 28 , 2010 . As of now -LRB- Sep 24 , 2012 -RRB- , more than two years and a half after , it still has no issue since the fix .
 I had the code scanned on my 2003 corolla by autozone . It said I had a bad catalytic converter . My mechanic said it could be the sensor behind the cat . A new catalytic converter was 979 dollars . My mechanic wanted 235 dollars to do the sensor so I took a chance and did it my self . My check engine light was on for 5 months till I changed the sensor . I disconnected the battery to reset the light . I have driven 1100 miles since then with no light . Changing the sensor was a piece of cake . The old sensor came out easily enough with a wrench . Installed the new one and connected the wires . Done in about 4o minutes . The sensor came with a chart to tell you what coor wire to connect to which . No problems .
 I have no evidence that the Bosch O2 sensor is either superior or inferior to any other competing brand . Bosch products do have a reputation of being higher-end . This unit came with anti-seize compound on the threads . My only reco to others is to buy the pre-wired -LRB- with the connector -RRB- version and save time as opposed to saving $ . The latter eliminates the possibility of a wiring error , future open circuit , and provides a much simpler r/r . Amazon gave me a good price on the product , lower than local .
 Ordered two of these bad boys from Auto Parts Pro because they had them uber cheap . Make sure your car can use these . I have an Audi A6 2.7 T , these work for pre-cat & post-cat applications on my car . These did n't come with all that fancy wire connecting parts pictured in the photos -LRB- which I was actually happy about because all that was going to go in the trash anyways -RRB- it came with dead on instructions and four red wire connectors -LRB- the crush type -RRB- Which actually was my original plan in the first place . The only thing I did n't like was they came with only 6 inches of wire attached , which is n't a big deal . BTW Bosch parts are high quality , many stock applications in high end vehicles use Bosch electronics & filters . They might have too fast response time for some cars which will throw a CEL , if you are n't a mechanic , ask one first before purchasing .
 I have used two of these on a 2001 Rav4 and both have worked great . Installation is very easy -LRB- in regards to actually replacing the sensors anyway -RRB- and instructions are well done . The price is around half the price of something local and the first replacement has been going for over a year without a single issue . Very pleased .
 I installed one of these in a friend 's VW to avoid paying over twice as much for the OEM version of the exact same O2 sensor that comes with a car-specific wiring harness plug . Yes , it took a few minutes more to do the job with this generic sensor since I had to splice wires , but the directions were clear and the process was straightforward . Now the car has no more error codes . Amazon 's price for this item was the best I could find anywhere . Highly recommended overall .
 The sensor worked wonderfully and was n't very hard to put together . I would say that is does require some understanding of what your doing though.If you think you can handle the assembly , its 100 % worth the money you save over buying an OEM sensor
 These 02 sensors worked great on my 2002 ML500 with 125,000 miles on it . I replaced all four because I was getting a check engine light from one of them . The space from the connection to the sensor is very short so putting the posi-lock on by myself was very hard so much so that I got an extra set of hands . If the wires where longer it would have been a breeze . The locks are great and the wiring is simple . If you can change a spark plug you can change an 02 sensor . The truck runs great , better gas mileage and more responsive . Good Luck
 This universal O2 sensor worked perfectly on my 2002 VW Passat . And I saved about 50 % over the cost of an OEM replacement .
 I replaced the OEM sensor in my 2005 Sentra SER Spec-V with this one after getting a check engine light -LRB- I ca n't remember the error code -RRB- . A few days after I installed the new sensor the check engine light went out on its own . The spliced wires felt very secure . I installed the sensor about 4 months ago and it is still working fine . Great purchase with quick shipping through Amazon.EDIT
 The BOSCH oxygen sensor is a great easy replacement for a bad o2 sensor . The instruction are very well written and easy to follow . It was easy to install and works flawlessly , increased MPG by 4 over a bad sensor .
 This was a second order as the 1st . one was my mistake . Unfortunately this one was not the sensor I needed either . Returning was not a problem . The process was pretty quickly .
 These mats fit perfectly and provide maximum protection for the carpet underneath from dirt and moisture . Highly recommend them .
 I have a pair in my truck and now my camper . . They work great and fit perfect .
 Even though the description says it only fits Econolines up to 2005 , it does in fact fit my 2006 E-350 Perfectly.It fits like a glove , moulded perfecty to completely cover the Driver and Passenger area . These keep the dirt and grim off my cloth interior . They have a edge aound it so if its raining the water off my boots wont run all over the place.When its time to clean them , I just pull them out and hose them down . Its that easy : -RRB- These are so good I am ordering another set for my 2006 E-250 .
 Just installed two bosch oxygen sensors in a 98 ford escort , they turned off the check engine light at the first engine start . Just what i needed . Great product , connectors and wires look durable .
 Great price on item And perfect fit My check engine light was on for about a year . Finally I went to advanced and got them to tell me what the code was . It was bank1 ox1 on my ford explorer . Anyways I got price from them and naturally went home and found it for bout half the price thanks to amazon ! I changed it because I had to get vehicle inspected . The light went off ! I only wish I would have done it for ever ago because I get way better gas milage . Sweet ! Highly recomended ! Bosch great products !
 I chose this O2 sensor for price and was impressed that it was an exact OEM match . This sensor was a good 30 % less from Amazon than any local auto supply store . Highly recommend the Bosch sensor .
 First of all . The Amazon price for this item is 40 % of what other big automotive web-retailers charge . Someone is trying to make excess profits.On installation into my Ford F250 with V10 , there is noticeable difference in the throttle response . Engine is more responsive to small throttle changes just above idle , and it seems less throttle is needed to ease away from a stop . There is less burble in the exhaust note . An added plus is that 1st to 2nd gear shift can not be felt now -LRB- from less throttle needed ? -RRB- . Perhaps these plugs are more consistent at firing lean mixtures in newer cars . Note that old plugs removed have gaps still at factory spec.One caveat - the differences may have resulted with ANY new plugs put in . New plugs with sharp edges at electrodes should start firing at lesser voltages compared with rounded electrodes on well used plugs . The exotic materials used in these plugs may make differences in extended term performance .
 I gave my 99 ' Chevy Venture a tune up , with these plugs and a Bosch set of wires . after installing -LRB- which a pain on this van b/c I had to take off the intake manifold to get to the other bank -RRB- I took it out on the freeway and was astonished . My van could accelerate much faster than before with faster response . Gas mileage was the same , but that was solved my changing the O2 sensors .
 Had to have the plugs installed for me but was worth it , At 100,000 miles figured it was time . I got back all the mileage that I lost since the car was new and clearly more more power , to boot . I recommend this product and the seller .
 Bosch just keeps improving their plugs , and this is their best design yet ! My boats and car run smoother and horsepower is improved as well as a slight increase in gas mileage . The price is affordable as well . I 've used this plug in other vehicles but when i did a part search on Amazon and Bosch they both falsely told me it would work for my 2005 Ford Expedition 5.4 L Triton with the defective pencil-type spark plug issue . I knew from looking at the width of this plug that it would n't replace the Motorcrapt junky , welded , break-in-your-motor skinny plug that was in it , but i contacted Bosch anyway , in request of an answer as to the error . I have n't decided if i 'll go with the Autolite Revolution HT -LRB- maker of Motorcraft plugs -RRB- or the Champion Platinum yet . Here is Bosch 's most helpful and well written reply -LRB- hopefully it will help someone else out as well -RRB- : Dear Mr. Sxxxxx , If you have the Triton 5.4 L 3V engine as described , you can not use the Fusion plug . I am checking into why this plug came up for your vehicle in our vehicle parts finder , and will make any necessary corrections . I apologize for any confusion this may have caused.Unfortunately , your options are limited as it pertains to this particular spark plug . The only brands that I am aware of at this time that have a plug are Autolite , Motorcraft , and Champion . I believe that both Motorcraft and Autolite have introduced a newer version of this plug that is supposed to be made with improved materials ... in an attempt to reduce instances of the two piece design separating . Champion offers a one piece design as a replacement , which I believe may have been their attempt to improve the design and resolve the separation issues . You would need to consult the Champion catalog to see if in fact they offer a version for your specific vehicle.We along with many other manufacturers opted not to produce a replacement plug for one reason or another . As you noted , it has been reported to be a problematic design by many people on the internet for years . Ford subsequently discontinued this design for the Triton 3V engines starting with some 2008 models.Again , sorry for any confusion our vehicle parts finder may have caused . We will address the issue as required.Thank you for your inquiry . Mit freundlichen Gr&uuml; & szlig ; en / Best regards ,
 Bought these a couple months ago for my 2005 Ford Focus , which has 176k miles . It was running a little poorly so I decided to replace the spark plugs on my own . Really glad I did ! I 'm not sure if these spark plugs are higher performance than the stock ones , which I 've read are pretty good already , but there was a very noticeable performance improvement , and I get 15 % better gas mileage -LRB- 24MPG improved to 27-28MPG -RRB- . It was extremely easy to install . Installed each one during commercial breaks while watching the Mentalist . Had it done in no time .
 I 've had this item in my '99 Windstar for about a year . I works well as advertised . To date i 've had no problems .
 Amazing design . The electrode does not protrude through the insulator - yet they work great . Ca n't ask for more from a spark plug . Time will tell whether they last .
 This is a great spark plug . What I really like - it was $ 2.50 / plug cheaper than I could buy elsewhere .
 Been running them for about 5-6 months now . A mechanic told me that these plugs normally burn too hot , but he did n't see any issues when he pulled a single plug out of my engine . Price is about average for other platinum plugs . No real price advantage and because they 're ` known ' to run too hot is why I dropped one star ... But I really have no issues with them -- could be a 5-star product . Run similar Bosh plugs on my bike . . no issues there , either .
 Always been happy with Bosch plugs even though I 've seen soso reviews and pictures of premature pitting . For what I do I am happy with them . Not sure if I would no the difference between plugs . They last alot longer than when you had to tune every 10000 to 20000 miles or even when it improved to 28000 . It is awfully nice to go 100000 miles between plug changes . I am very happy and will buy again . As long as they stay as good or improve .
 My car was having a misfire issue and it had been awhile since I changed out the plugs . This was my first time using this plug and they fit like they should and the car runs smoother now and seems to be a bit more responsive even when compared to other times I 've put new plugs in . I 'd buy again in the future .
 Ca n't really elaborate on a filter much , other than it fits the Geo Metro fuel filter mounting bracket perfectly . Excellent filter at a great price !
 I went to the husky liners website to find out which model # to get for my van ... then I ordered them on Amazon ... what a deal ! And I love that they are perfectly molded and look like they 'll last forever !
 I have used this brand product on numerous cars and pickups since I lived in snow country for many years . These floor mats fit the van perfectly . I would certainly recommend purchase of this item .
 I couldnt see any difference between this and a k & n . But honestly who can ? It do what it do and thats all that it do . and thats all I need it to do . Filter oil , that is .
 Like the description says . . filters up to 99 % of dirt.There is cheaper filter than this -LRB- the one with orange colored filter but from Fram but since I change my own oils in home , I bought this one for longer life of engine.Filters are always better to be hand tighten because later on gives my hard time on removing it.Top of the filter has this friction activated grip allows me to create better friction to remove a filter.In terms of quality , it is pretty tiny filter looks like a motorbike 's filter . . well 2008 versa has 1.8 engine.I added new filter and added a new oil -LRB- I use chevron supreme 5w - 30 -RRB- . I used this product for 3 times until now , whenever the due date of oil change comes up , i check the level of oil + color of the oil by using dip sticks.Even though it 's been more than 4 months of everyday usage , oil was on bright brown color . . not dark brownish.Well . . filter tend for filtering the oil so they can use same oil for long time.It is good priced . . specially easy to install and easy to remove .
 I bought the Bosch 15705 to replace the upstream oxygen sensor -LRB- the one before the catalytic converter -RRB- on my '98 Dodge Dakota . I had to replace it after the check engine light came on and my code scanner showed error code P0132.Since the original O2 sensor was made by NGK , the Bosch looks different in appearance but that does n't really matter . Replacement was quite easy . All I used was a 7/8 '' flare nut wrench . A box end wrench wo n't work because the connector is too large to fit through . The Bosch sensor comes with the threads already coated with anti-seize compound . The electrical connector is an exact replacement so no cutting , splicing , or soldering is necessary.A week after I did the replacement , I took my Dakota in for State inspection and it passed!The only thing I regret was that I bought mine from the local auto parts store instead of from Amazon . I could 've saved myself $ 20 .
 Lowest price and free shipping ! Items received sooner then expected . Items were exactly as described .
 Needed new 02 sensor for my 96 lhs and I looked at all of the local part stores but they were charging 50 + for one , logged on to amazon found what i need ordered it opened it up and it looked super short but it fit my vehicle just right .
 I put about 2k into this old ford and it runs sweet . The MSD distributor with the 6al ignition box put the fire back in this little 302 . I hate to say it but OMG &#8230; &#8230; &#8230; &#8230; . . This old girl purrs like a kitten and spins the tires with ease , maybe a little squirrely even . I might have to turn down the revs so the wife doesn &#8217; t blow it up . I don &#8217; t think so . This distributor came with everything anyone would need to hook it up . It came with an assortment of wire ends and pigtails . In-depth instructions are all there as well as the web site address with warranty information .
 Other Distributor caps just dont fit right on my Mustang 5.0 and the Local parts shops cost 5-10 bucks more . I buy them online .
 Bought this motor as a replacement for a very tired v6 Chevy El Camino . Was very wary of internet sales , I spent over 3 MONTHS searching crate motor deals , rebuild deals , hot rod magazine and internet sites , ebay used motor deals . I could hardly believe it when I found a remanufactured motor on Amazon . AND for only $ 1100 with $ 10 freight ! Still , I held my enthusiasm until I had the motor in the car , headers and exhaust in place and fired her up ... I 've had to learn to drive the car all over again , as the tires spin if I get on her a little too much . The motor runs great , I 've just done the second oil change with about 600 miles on her , and the oil came out clean . The oil pressure and water temp gages stay well in the green , and power is EXCELLENT . As small block Chevys go , everything fit pretty well , and interchangability is beyond compare . You just have to know what ` year group ' your block and heads are ... An Edlebrock intake/carb package and Mallory HEI ignition helped make this a healthy little package . Plenty of parts available to complete this motor at good prices , I found the best deals at Jegs and Summit Racing , in that order ... Word on the street is , a ` remanufactured ' motor can be much better than a new crate motor , as the block is ` seasoned ' by hundreds of heat cycles from previous running . Anyway , I found this motor to be a GREAT DEAL !!!
 Just got a big snow so my shoes were pretty wet with snow . Traction was good and the liners do not move around . I was able to pour the melt out easy enough .
 Purchased for my wife 's Honda Accord . It helped to lay the dash mat flat for a couple of days before installation . After installation , it gradually relaxes and fits the dash very well . The velcro pieces are a bit tricky to place on the dash but not too bad . Also , be sure to have something to clean the dash before hand so the velcro sticks better . I highly recommend this product .
 We always buy DashMats for our cars . They help prevent glare off of the windshield and protect your dash from sun damage .
 This product was a gift for Christmas and the recipient thought it was great and in perfect condition . Thank you .
 purchased the advanced tool design model atd 8760 stainless steel round magnetic parts tray for my dad for christmas . the item arrived packaged well and as described . he was very pleased with the gift .
 So much better than a pin cushion . I can throw pins into this thing with one hand , whereas the pin cushion always shifts when I try to shove a pin into it so I end up grasping it with one hand and putting in the pin with the other . Very strong magnetic base . Rust-free metal . I love it . Got rid of all my pin cushions .
 Well , maybe that 's a little too extreme a reaction for such a modest product , but -- The tray does what it 's designed to do . And it does it super well . Furthermore , it can do all this without corrosion.Man , science is pretty great .
 This product is sturdy and the magnatized tray works great !! My husband loves it and we will order more for the shop ! I also ordered some for my crafts .
 It does what it needs to do . It has a bit of weight to it , which is what it should . I would buy this again .
 I ca n't say it better than many other reviewers before me who exclaimed &#34; why did n't I think of that ! &#34; . This is one such product . I am an amateur wood worker and I find this unbelievably convenient for my tasks in the shop . Whether for any craft work or for simple maintenance chores , this magnetic bowl with a strong magnet is a must-have . You wo n't have to lose any of your screws and fasteners any more . It also has a rubberised base and you can even stick it vertically on a metal surface . No need to place it down only like a bowl . There is a larger rectangular version of this I guess , and I might add that to my shop , now that I have used this product .
 I 've found this dish indispensable when doing repairs in the garage . When I 've got my lawnmower or snow-blower in pieces , I want to know the nuts and bolts are n't running away from me . Also , I 've used it to pick up staples , nails , and the like from the garage floor . Super handy to have around .
 I bought two of these for my gun maintenance room . These are very handy for small metal parts , springs , and pins . Keeps everything together in one place.Be sure to keep wallets , credit cards , computers , cell phones and other electronic devices away from these bowls . The magnets are VERY powerful and they could potentially wipe out hard drives and anything with magnetic strips on them.I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 This tray is really important when dealing with screws you &#34; should n't &#34; loose . After loosing some more than a few times I finally picked this up . What else can you say , it 's round , its magnetic and it does its job !
 How did I survive 30 + years without one of these ? Strong magnet , solid construction , what more can I say other than this is genius . : -RRB-
 Advanced Tool Design Model ATD-8760 Stainless Steel Round Magnetic Parts TrayA great item for any hobby or job that you do n't want to lose the parts . Very fine for putting metal parts in that wo n't get lost even if you turn the tray over .
 I just received this and right out of the box I am impressed ! The magnet is strong and the bowl is sturdy . I will be using it for misc parts and screws . I tossed a few screws in to see how it work and they stuck good !
 I used to use small boxes and cups to hold fasteners.These magnetic part trays decreases the chance of you losing bolts and nuts.I bought 4 and have them attached to the beams on my lift .
 I was looking for an alternative to the standard , outdated , insufficient paper clip holder . You know the one that has n't been improved upon in decades . It 's a cylindar with a hole in the top and sort-of magnet lining the edge of the rounded opening ... Not even close to what I need for my job.I described my need to a co-worker one week , and the following week stumbled upon this item quite by accident . It 's fantastic and everyone in my office now wants one . Upside down , on it 's side , straight up fabulous . Captures all the pesky clips and holds them there until I need them . Great looking , multi purpose dish . . LOVE this . Great price ... awesome find .
 Good looking and works well . Strong magnet to hold all sorts of fasteners and even holds the bowl to something magnetic without scratching it . Highly recommend !
 Not much to review ... It 's a bowl with a plastic covered magnet underneath.The magnet is strong enough to be used horizontally or vertically . Nicely finished with quality materials.The price is right and the quality is good . Just what I ordered !
 This item saves me a lot of time , keeping me from looking for items that have scattered on the floor.Its magnet is strong enough to hold bolts when stuck to the bottom of my vehicle .
 A great and handy solution to all those screws and washers lost in the carpeting !
 My order arrived extremely quickly , the whole process was pain free . The item was opened yesterday as a gift , it 's exactly what was needed and will be a huge help when my husband works on things . Thanks .
 I purchased two of these , not too much to say about them except they work very well . I do a lot of automotive work . I take one or two of these and attach them to the windshield wiper arms of the car I am working on . -LRB- hood up , working on the engine -RRB- I just drop the fasteners I take off into the tray and they stay put . No more fumbling around for them and knocking them off the engine compartment . The magnet is on the bottom of the tray and it covered in rubber , so you do n't have to worry about scratching painted surfaces . I do n't know what I did without these for so long !
 I bought a bunch of these for Christmas gifts . I gave my mother one to use for her sewing stuff . I gave one to my contractor neighbor . They can be used upside down , in cars , in sewing/cooking rooms , everywhere . I use mine when I 'm putting together junk for my kids so the parts do n't go flying .
 I do a lot of tech and gadget work at home , so despite a very thorough small-parts storage system for washers , screws , rivets and other tiny parts , I always end up with a bunch of screws laying around - only to later be discovered while vacuuming.There is nothing more frustrating than taking something apart , placing the screws , nuts , bolts or washers on a table and then by the time you 're ready to put it back together , they 've rolled all over the place and you 're several parts short.This small stainless steel dish looks great and has a very powerful magnet on it , so I just set screws and bits in the dish as I go along and when I need them again , they 're right where I left them . Even if the dish gets knocked over , the parts are still sitting right in it . And the magnet is strong enough that I can attach it to my fridge and still put parts in it.For a few bucks , you just ca n't beat this little gadget . Anyone who owns a screw driver should own one of these .
 I 've been using Craftsman magnetic trays for many years , and they have all worked fine at keeping iron and steel parts together . When I decided to get a few more , I thought I 'd get a few different makes and styles for comparison.I ordered The Advanced Tool Design Magnetic 51/2 '' Stainless Steel rectangular parts tray , the Advanced Tool Design Model ATD-8760 Stainless Steel round parts tray , and the Titan 11061 Mini Magnetic Parts Tray . They are all great . however the ATD models have stronger magnets and are sturdier . In fact the Adv. Tool Design 51/2 '' rectangular has unbelievable magnets . you can literally hold a big ball peen hammer with this thing . It takes 2 hands to remove it from my joiner stand . These ATD folks know how to make magnets . Do n't get me wrong , the Titan 11061 is fine as well , but not in a league with the ATDs . But then it 's $ 2 less expensive . The Titan also was dented in shipment - not that it matters for the application for which it is intended.update
 great little tray for bolts it works great working on anything that has screws , bolts or nuts on it great tool to have
 I 'm very happy with it . However , I think you may be able to get a cheaper one from an auto parts store .
 It is just as advertised . The tray works great . If you 're tired of dropping a screw and having it bounce into a black hole then buy one of these .
 This was a Christmas gift and my husband loves it . He uses it more than he expected so I will definitely be buying more in the future . The magnet is impressively strong .
 Super strong magnet !!! Only problem , it will suck tiny screws right out of your hand and it magnetizes every ferrous item placed in it , HAHA I love it .
 So handy and does everything I would want it to do . Cuts down significantly on lost nuts and bolts and parts and also sticks to other magnetic surfaces for handy placement .
 Very well constructed / finished - with a strong magnet base.It was a great deal for the money I paid - $ 4.00 with Free Shipping - you ca n't go wrong with that .
 dis is da best . i use it when i work on car . i take bolts and nuts and put dem in . dey stick like magic . i wish i knew how dis ting worked . just when you tink there is no magic left in world da metal sticky bowl come along and show you da light .
 The DashMat Dash Board Cover was for an older model vehicle but it was the perfect color and fit perfectly . It arrived timely . No complaints here !
 If it was not made in China , this product would be five stars.This product is well made and fits my 2010 Polaris XP HD very well . It took less than 10 minutes for two people to install the top but we did not use the self-adhesive Velcro on the roll cage ; it did not seem necessary.My Polaris is a farm utility vehicle that is routinely driven along narrow paths -LRB- and sometimes no path -RRB- through heavily wooded areas . The roll cage routinely gets scraped by tree limbs and an occasional tree trunk . After installing the cover , my son smacked a few trees and , with the exception of some sap that was scraped completely off after it dried , the cover still looks brand new . The cover provides an adequate amount of shade from the sun . It can not provide great protection because of the location of the front roll cage pillars and the backward-swept angle Polaris chose to use.For the price , this is an excellent product.I chose the camo color so it would be a little bit cooler than black after sitting in the sun , but it also looks really great with the green body of the Polaris .
 Easy to install.My Rhino goes 68 klms and the roof stays unmoved at top speeds.The only modification I had to add to the usual install was to tape the excess strap front and back.Not mandatory but makes the job tidier and excess strap does n't flap around .
 Originally planned to go with a solid top , but wanted the option of going topless when the weather is nice . Takes about two minutes to put on , fits snug . Have been able to trailer my Rhino with this top on at up to 50 mph -LRB- through town -RRB- , but would recommend taking the top off if you go any faster . Also , the pic is NOT what you get - this is just a soft top , NOT a cab enclosure .
 This fit my 2010 Great ! I would highly recommend this inexpensive closure solution to the alternative more expensive cab enclosures .
 I ordred this for my Dad 's Kymco Side by side it is a 300cc . Anyway it did not fit perfect but it did fit . Trying to buy for some of the not so popular brands sometimes can be be hard but this fit pretty good and he really liked it !
 Needed shade but did n't want to purchase a hard top . The convertable top works great and is priced right . Product was delivered on time and in good shape .
 These look good and are great to protect the seats from my dogs climbing on them . They went on easily and stay in place . They `` cool '' the black seats down to a comfortable level in the summer .
 Needed something sturdy to protect the seats of the Polaris ranch Ranger that is used every day - twice a day to feed horses and do the chores on the ranch . Ranger gets a real workout and the seats were showing the wear . This cover is doing it 's job and looks good to boot!Was happy to find out the seat covers do not absorb water as the Ranger is stored outside . There was nothing worse then planting your behind in a cold wet seat!Liked the price too !
 I purchased these seat covers for my 2011 Polaris Ranger XP800 LE . I 've only had them for about a month now and thus far have proven to be well made and durable . The reason I got purchased the seat covers is I have a two year old and a six year old - So I want to protect the original seats . These seat covers fit well and are made of thick material . My only concern is the 2 velcro straps that connect under the base bench seat . Rangers are known for excessive heat under the seat area . I may end up placing some foil tape over the straps to protect them from any heat/melting issues . Over all I recommend these covers , they are inexpensive and appear well made .
 I needed protection for the seats in my Polaris Ranger . I use my utv for ranch work and it is parked in the barn . These seat covers fit well and went on easily . They are great protection against scratches and scrapes from farm tools , cat claws , and weather . I am very happy with this purchase !
 The seat cover looks good , feels good and offers excellent comfort and seat protection .
 The instructions were minimal and I ended up contacting the manufacturer . They were also unaware of a clip on the drawstring . The headrest covers should be a tad larger and am hoping that the lower seat cover gets relaxed soon for a better fit.The overall quality is good and great price .
 Recieved exactly what I wanted , Order was quickly shipped , would do business with them again
 I just purchased a 2013 Polaris Ranger 800 Crew LE . I like to take my cattledog with me and wanted to protect the seats . These seat covers are extremely tough and are very well made . I did n't know if they would fit my model , but they did beautifully with no alterations .
 All the pieces fit my 2006 polaris ranger very well , I did have to cut two small slits in the cover for the seat clips in the back of the seat , but other than that the fabric is like a nylon cordura mix , it helps hold you in the seat but does n't have that `` sticky '' feeling like neoprene has . Best of all my golden retriever 's claws do n't damage the cover !
 We love the camp covers for our ranger . They came as promised , easy to install and great quality with excellent price .
 I have a 2010 Polaris Ranger 800 XP I ordered this product even though it said up to a 2008 , after reading the reviews . I received them within a week and had them on the ranger within 15 minutes of opening the box . They fit almost perfect . I am totaly please with this product for the low cost and have no complaints . The material seems very sturdy . I just ordered ordered a second set as a back-up since My dog never misses a ride . I only ordered one the first time , just in case it did n't fit . All in all , I are very pleased with this product and wanted to let people know that they do fit on a 2010 XP.P.S . This product look more durable then the piece of SHIT Polaris Ranger Seat !!!!!!
 We have a 2011 Polaris Ranger Crew . We ordered this product even though it said up to a 2008 . We received them within a week and had them on the ranger within 5 minutes of opening the box . They fit almost perfect . We have no complaints . The material seems very sturdy , I 'm not scared to let my dogs ride in the seat . They also protect your legs from the hot seats . We went ahead and ordered a second set for the back seat . We only ordered one the first time , just in case it did n't fit . All in all , we are very pleased with this product and wanted to let people know that they do fit on a 2011 . We were n't sure if the seats had changed that much .
 A few years ago , I bought a polaris ranger . I live on a farm raising cattle , horses and grandkids . My dog , `` The Doctor '' , loves to ride with me everywhere I go , and he eagerly jumps in the seat next to me . He has sharp claws and over time , tore small holes in the vinyl seats , which grew considerably over a short period . I put off ordering the covers until a few weeks ago . They were as advertised and more . Easy to install . Tough as nails , `` The Doctors '' nails any way . I should have ordered them months age and protected the original seats . The covers make the old polaris look newer . Why did I wait so long ? Now if I can get something for me and grandma to spruce us up .
 I ordered this to protect the seat from me getting in with something in my back pocket and poking holes in the back seat . I wanted this to protect it . I was surprised on how thick this material was and the ease of installation . I 'm very pleased with it .
 I bought this to go on my 2011 Ranger 400 . I was a little skeptical that it would fit my bench because it did n't specify my particular year and model . It is not a perfect fit , but its close enough for the price ! The camo is a great match with the camo on my ranger . It came with 2 covers for the headrests , which I do n't have , so I plan on using them as overnight speaker covers when we are camping :-RRB- Shipped fast , overall very pleased !
 We are very pleased with this seat cover , which is good since it appears to be the only one on the market . The straps that fasten the cover to the bottom seat could be a little stouter , but they seem to be holding well . The texture of the cover is also good as it is grippy and does not allow you to slip even when going over rough ground . Overall 4 4.5 out of 5 , just because I do n't know how those fastening straps are going to do in the long run .
 Purchased this product from Amazon.com . Very happy with it . I have a 2005 Polaris Ranger 500 and it fits perfectly on my bench seat and head rests . The camo color looks really nice with the vehicle . Happy with the purchase .
 First , I dislike buying anything made in China if I can find a suitable item made elsewhere . In this case , I did not know where this item was made until I received it . Enough said on that.This product is well made and fits my 2010 Polaris XP HD very well . It includes headrest covers also -LRB- not pictured or mentioned -RRB- which was a pleasant surprise . It took less than 15 minutes to install all four pieces . The only part that needs to be removed from the Polaris is the lower bench seat -LRB- which if you own a Polaris , you remove it routinely for cleaning , storage , and maintenance . Tightening the cinch straps is a little tricky to get a tight fit -LRB- I had my son pull tight on the cinch strap located on the passenger 's side while I `` fed '' slack through the middle openings to tighten the driver 's side.The feel of the covers is excellent and much better than the stock vinyl . My Polaris is a farm utility vehicle that is used several hours a dy with folks sliding in and out . On a hot and steamy Georgia day , these covers are a far cry better than the stock . While it is easy to slide in and out , you do not lose forward and backward friction to keep you from sliding out of the seat when driving -LRB- I still do not use the seatbelts under normal driving -RRB- . I chose the camo color so it would be a little bit cooler than black after sitting in the sun , but it also looks really great with the green body of the Polaris.If it was not made in China , It would be five stars .
 I bought this for my husband 's Polaris Ranger Crew . The fit is good , they installed in a jiffy . The fabric seems durable , yet comfy ... only time will tell about the durability . They keep the seats cool -LRB- we live in central Texas -RRB- so no more burned skin or dog paws . I 'd recommend buying these covers .
 Easy to install and looks great on our Polaris . . I like the seat covers for their protection of the leather seats from the sun and dirt on the farm .
 These are very good looking , easy to put on , and save your seats from wear and tear . Everyone comments on how good they look .
 This order came quickly and fit my 2007 Ranger perfectly . Looks great , and it should last a long , long time .
 I got these because the seats on my ranger were wearing out and had holes in them so when it rained the cushion would gather water and soak you rear end when you sat down . They fit amazing and feel great while sitting on them . They do n't slide around at all . You feel secure when sitting on these .
 Fits my 09 pretty good even though its for prior year models . Very good for the money . Would buy another .
 I read about this product on a forum for polaris owners , our dog loves riding as much as we do but he is a little harder on the seats than we are , so I was in the market but did not want to spend a lot of cash on a cover the covers fit snugly were easy to install made up of durable material and looks good on the ranger no complaints !
 Looks great and fits like a glove ! Would recommend , durable , well made , great coloring in the design . A A A
 Put in on in less than 15 Mins.Made of very good material.Looks classy ! Not bad on the pocket book either.Would recomend to my friends if I had any .
 I have an 07 Tacoma I-4 -LRB- everything is stock -RRB- , and it seemed to lack some power after it hit 65mph . The air intake solved this problem , and it also makes the engine sound a lot better . It 's not any louder when idling or accelerating smoothly , only when it gets above 2500 rpm . That is good because sometimes I do n't want to be noticed when I am driving around.The install was pretty easy . It took a little over 2hrs. , but that was because it was getting dark outside and I could n't see what I was doing . The kit fits surprisingly well -- no modifications needed . The instructions are not that good in the part where it talks about putting the heat shield in ; it 's a lot easier to put the bracket in and then screw the heat sheild to it instead of the other way around . You will see what I mean if you buy it.The stock intake on the Tacoma actually has an air pipe in the fender . So by leaving that in , it is more like a cold/ram air intake.Overall , it 's a good investment in performance . I do n't know about fuel economy because I just put it in today . I will have to see if it actually makes a difference . If it does , it will probably end up paying for itself in a few years .
 I bought the intake for my 2010 Tacoma , with the 2.7 l engine . What a great idea , because it allows the engine more air , and this helps increase the combustion of the engine . I also have a flowmaster muffler for the exhaust . Both have allowed for greater performance , which makes me happy . The only caution is the mass air sensor will trip out on you . No big deal , just call K&N .
 I own a '08 toyota tacoma with a 2.7 L I like the K & n 63-9026 intake kit . Around 45 mph and up make a deep loud noise You can feel the power of the K & N intake . It give me around two more mpg on a tank of gas . I went from 23 to 25 mpg .
 They really nailed it with this one . Great design and very simple to install . Fit was top notch . Adds a nice note at high RPMs , otherwise very quiet . I used to be able to tow 2500lbs , now I can tow 2525lbs .
 Great product , great fitment . Fast shipping . Improved gas mileage and gave engine nice throaty sound . Definatly a must buy for 2.7 l taco owners .
 I 've had this installed for about 6 months now , and it has a noticeable change in engine sound and power above 3000 rpm . The filter vibrates against the heat shield below 2000 rpms when I 'm lugging up hills or up my steep driveway which is why I am only giving it 4 stars . I 've tried re-positioning the hose clamps slightly and adjusting the filter around but I still gets a vibration that is very noticeable . It is still a great system though . I would buy it again .
 Hardware was good , packaging was poor , when it arrived the box was a broken out and had be re taped in transit.They just put hardware in box and shipped it.lucky part was pretty sturdy and was not too badly damaged just little bent up but usable.This was sold be amazon shipped by someone else .
 This wheel kept on spinning just like I hoped it would ! hahaIt 's very simple and looked great on my truck.If you order the center caps , be sure to order the stainless steel not the cheapper ones .
 Needed to replace both headlight assemblies in my daughter 's 1995 Accord -LRB- cracked lens , broken brackets , corroded reflectors -RRB- . Ordered both sides . They arrived before the projected delivery date in perfect condition . Installation was not too difficult . One word of caution for novices , you will have to remove the front bumper to get access to the lower headlight mounting bolts . It 's not overly hard , instructions are available online . I am no skilled mechanic by any means and I replaced both assemblies in about 3 hours start to finish including fighting rusted bolts , stuck wiring harnesses and aiming the new headlights . The difference was amazing . Well worth the effort knowing my daughter can actually see at night .
 I do n't know how they can manufacture an item this well for such a low cost . Perfect fit and great appearance .
 yes I would recomend this to a friendlots of complements on how it dressed up my new truckeasy installation
 This product was one of several of my purchases at Amazon.com.Putco makes a great product and there were NO flaws in the chroming.It makes my 2007 Colorado stand out in the crowd.I was very impressed with the quality and most impressed with the price I paid.Other sites had this priced way more than I paid.I would recommed this accessory hands down !
 Used this in a Dodge Durango with custum reservoir and lower temp TSTAT . Works very good , is built tough , and is double row . I just hate that I have to take off the whole front of my truck to get in . Thats Dodge 's fault though .
 This is the real OEM Mopar 2-row Heavy Duty radiator made in N.America , not the cheap offshore crap pushed by every auto parts store and radiator shops . I searched high and low to find out who offered the real OEM radiator . I installed 2 different Chinese/Taiwan radiators and they failed within a year with subpar performance from day one -LRB- Chinese ran hotter than my original 2001 Dakota 4.7 HD 2-row -RRB- . I found out Valeo manufactured the factory radiator and ordered this one up . The quality of this Valeo is superior ! It 's a real 2-row identical to the factory HD unit ! My Dakota runs perfect and cool just like new ! I will never by a Offshore radiator again ! N.America products -LRB- USA , Canada , Mexico are superior !! -RRB-
 I got three of these . One in my 351cleveland and two in 460 's . I have no problems with them . Just drop , connect and GO !
 My brother ordered this rim for his 2001 Yamaha Kodiak . He liked the look of it so much , he ordered another one to match for the other rear tire . He ordered the first one to replace the original rim , which was bent . I imagine he 'll eventually get two for the front as well . This seller has great prices , and they shipped free using UPS . Will surely do business with this seller again .
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 I got this for $ 33 delivered ! The list price is around $ 156 . My son 's Civic has over 210,000 miles on it , and the little spring clip that holds the headlight bulb in place broke off . This is a beautiful , perfect replacement .
 The surface of my old headlight housing had become foggy and translucent and this assembly has been a great replacement for ~ $ 25 . I checked OEM replacements from local auto parts stores and they were about $ 150 ! Very pleased with it , in fact it reflects so much light that it makes the other headlight which is in fine shape seem dismal in comparison .
 Product arrived on time and in good shape . Have been using them for 3 months now and no problems . I recommend the product .
 This purchase was caused by an accident on the left front end . After the body shop replaced the left light the right light looked terrible . Ordered the right side light , it came in a few days . You need to pop off the grill and the plastic wheel well liner to get to all the bolts , but after that the install was pretty easy . Now the car looks GREAT ... almost new . Price was definitely better than body shop or local auto parts stores .
 The price was good for this item , although the handling charge was high . Still cost significantly less than a local purchase . The vendor shipped the assembly quickly , and it arrived within the specified time.The assembly installed without any problems , and has worked well since installation . The fit was not as precise as a Honda original part , but at a third of the cost of the OEM part , this assembly was a good buy . This is the second headlight assembly -LRB- deer !! -RRB- I 've purchased from this vendor , and would certainly buy from them again .
 Arrival of this item was quick and never thought ordering a car part online could be so easy . I was very impressed by my purchase .
 The headlight fit perfectly . The item looks and fits exactly like the OEM light it replaced . The install takes longer than I expected because you need to unbolt part of the front bumper -LRB- but thats an issue with the car , and not this part -RRB- .
 These mats will last forever or at least untill you need to buy another vehicle.This is my second set , only because the first set fit my 1999 Bronco for 5 years and also used the same ones in my F150 for 9 years.I bought a 2005 Mercury Mountaineer and I had to buy the correct mats to fit that , there molded to fit perfectly to the floor contours and have about a 1 &#34; lip to keep melted snow , mud , anything in the mat and not on the carpet.There great if you had snow on your feet and after it melts off , the water puddles in one spot out of the way , and if you leave your vehicle outside for the night in the winter , the puddle will freeze so you can just flip the ice out and your mat is clean again.Great mats , I would buy them again if I ever get another vehicle !
 These are pretty good quality for the money . They do the job they are designed for . It would be nice if they were a little thicker but they work fine .
 WONDERFUL QUALITY , AND PLEATY OF CHAIN FOR ATTACHING FROM THE TRAILER TO THE HITCH . . THANKS BRIAN A
 i wanted something to help protect my dash . This cover fit perfect . It has the cut outs for all vents . The airbag has a slit so it will still be functional while being covered with the mat .
 Everything needed is included . My truck was 10 years old at the time so I chased the thread with a bolt first.Installed by myself in half an hour . Help would be better.This model hangs kinda low and Toyotas sit kinda high so getting the right drop takes time . I sat in front of Walmart and bought and returned until I got it just right .
 This little Peterson power supply will work great in the trailer I am rebuilding . The injection molded socket is solid and it comes with the mounting screws which is nice . the flush mount will work well in the tight location it will be in . The socket fits the various plugs I intend to use -LRB- phone , laptop , video games etc. -RRB- which was a concern . I do n't know what I am going to do with the plug but I 've got an extra one now if I need it . Hard to beat the price !
 I had concerns when I placed the order if it would really fit in my 2003 Ford Explorer . But when it came it really just fall in place . No bends , no warping . It does n't slip around and has a rim that prevents any mud or water to get on the actual floor . I bought many times floor mats for around $ 30 and considering this lasts so much longer and serves even better purpose the price is reasonable .
 Says they fit 2009 Audi A4 - not quite . The holes do n't quite line up , by about an inch . The cut and shape is good , color and feel of the carpet is wonderful . They are soooo soft , I want to drive barefoot ! It has been only 2 weeks , and they only slip a bit.If they stay put I will keep them . The price was very reasonable .
 I WAS HAVING A MISS FIRE ON CYL . 3 AND 6 . I TOUGHT IT WAS THE PLUG WIRES SO I REPLACED THEM WITH THESE . I TURNED OUT TO BE MY EGR VALVE . TH EWIRE WORK GREAT . A LITTLE LONG , BUT FIT NONE THE LESS
 Bought these for a Ford F-150 4.2 L V6Not a whole lot to say about them : - Installed without issue . - 1 '' to 2 '' longer than stock plug wires . - The coil pack side came with , what appears to be , dielectric grease already on them . - I added some dielectric grease to the connection terminals anyway , both ends -LRB- at coil and plugs -RRB- . - Connections are tight and solid at both ends -LRB- coil and plugs -RRB- . - Everything on the plugs appears to be quality made . - Very little performance increase , but the truck was still running great anyway just due for plugs and wires.When I purchased these they were 25 % cheaper than I could buy from the local auto parts stores .
 A-34 belts fit the PTO drive on Deutz-Allis 1920 and Simplicity Sunstar lawn tractors with Kohler magnum engines . Best belt other than Simplicity factory belts , which cost $ 22 each .
 Installed these on 3 different vehicles with great results . These have excellent stopping power , the brake pedal feels good , they also ware well and are NOT too hard on the rotors .
 The cover came very quickly and fits perfectly ! Well worth the small investment . Needs a cord lock to tighten drawstring .
 My A/C is a Duo-Therm , but the top has a slope to it . This cover is square , it still fits , but is real snug around the edges and does not hug the top where A/C slopes . Otherwise so far so good , will see if it makes it through the winter .
 I was just looking for a better than factory replacement and I found this at what I thought was a price low enough to qualify . I was wrong , it is 110 % better than factory . The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 was because the faders are a little scratchy .
 What can i say , my baby starts up smoother and runs healthier , which makes me a very happy driver . Nuff said.Installation was cake .
 This was the easiest part of working on my street rod to convert it from a manual choke to electric . Went it quickly and worked and I only needed to set the high idle .
 Installed this hitch several days ago on an 85 F-250 . The hitch shipped very fast -LRB- arrived four days after order , even with free shipping -RRB- , and arrived in good condition although the box looked like it had been through the wringer.Had to make a couple of `` adjustments '' with the hand file to clean up a little weld splatter and a rough cut so that one of the end plates would fit . Otherwise , construction was good , and the remaining MIG welds all appeared very sound . They either have an excellent welder or a robotic setup . Powdercoat finish was well done , and is in excellent shape , at least where I did n't have to attack it with the file.Fit was good . However , the drawback to such a universal fit design -LRB- fits a number of Ford , Chevy , and Doge fullsizes over the span of a few decades -RRB- is that the bolt tabs do n't align directly with the frame , particularly the first two . Tab makes contact at the back , with a small gap at the front . Definitely not ideal in terms of bolt stress and fatigue . Also , a word of advice -- throw away the split lock washers -LRB- they should never be used on anything critical , as they rarely actually work reliably -RRB- and replace the nuts that come in the kit with either a grade five or eight elastic all metal locknut -LRB- a high grade nylock would also work -RRB- or a healthy dose of Locktite.I expect this hitch will work fine for my application . Time will tell .
 The cover came very quickly and fits perfectly ! Well worth the small investment . Needs a cord lock to tighten drawstring .
 My A/C is a Duo-Therm , but the top has a slope to it . This cover is square , it still fits , but is real snug around the edges and does not hug the top where A/C slopes . Otherwise so far so good , will see if it makes it through the winter .
 This spark plug is made very good . I replaced the denso standard plug with the bosh platinum ir fusion . I have noticed a difference in starting and a little in power . The standard denso 's were not bad but the bosh were on sale so I thought I would give them a try . No plug is going to be a magic power plug but any difference is worth it . I will have to wait to see if it changes gas mileage . Even if they do n't increase mileage it is still worth the change to me because they will last longer . They have four prongs to take the wear and heat . I remember the Rotary engine had to have four prongs for high spark and heat . So even though the tacoma does ` nt have a high volt system it will help in the wear . Again to me so far it has helped ; starts faster , runs even smoother through rpm range . As with any product only time will tell . Spark plugs have been the same for many years it is time for a change in design . Is four prongs the new answer to better plugs ? Try them while they are on sale and see what you think so far I say tacos for bosh platinum ir !!!
 I used these in a 1996 Dodge Grand Caravan and have had no problems whatsoever . The sparkplugs are really hard to get to in a lot of minivans , and I did n't want to do the job again anytime soon . I probably could have made due with the dual platinum plugs the van came with , but these seem to be working just as good and I do n't think I 'll have to change them again .
 I put these plugs into a 2002 Ford Windstar and was impressed with the increase in acceleration and engine smoothness .
 I HAVE FOUND THESE PLUG TO MAKE THE CAR RUN SOOTHER THAN THE ORIGINAL PLUGS , I WOUND HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOSCH PLUGS TO ANY ONE LOOKING FOR A BETTER RUNNING PLUG
 These Bosch plugs are great and help car run like new . Gas miles went up some and lots more pick up with these in . Will buy more for other car .
 K&N filters are the best filters on the market . You will notice better performance right away . You might clean it 1 time a year and it will be the last filter you have to buy for your vehicle . I have 1 on my car , truck , boat , and motorcycle . I have been using them for years without a problem and they will stand behind their warranty . 1 Filter i had developed some rust on the chrome end cap after 2 years of service and they sent me a new one at no cost . You really want some bang for the buck go for the cold air kit . I was shocked at how the extra horse power was noticed and the look was perfect on my 2004 f150 . I am sold on this product .
 I 've used these filters in 4 different vehicles and they are great . I always see an improvement in fuel economy as well as acceleration . Bonus for being able to clean and reuse .
 Installed KN air filter as scheduled replacement in 2002 Lincoln LS V8 with 123,000 mi . Based on first two full tankfulls , mileage is 1 + mpg -LRB- 24.2 vice 23.1 -RRB- based on long-term average over basically same road routes . Am curious to see if this continues . After previous air filter changes no really significant mpg changes were noted . Maybe KN is on to something :--RRB- .
 it was a lttile bugging to wash regularly than replacing it at mechanic . This is just a filter with a metal net so there 's nothing special .
 As is the case with K&N automobile air filters - it delivers on its promise to increase horsepower as well as fuel efficiency ! It is not as dramatic as going from an escort to a mustang but still noticeable . I reccommend this particular model as well as all K&N air filters and will purchase one for my next vehicle !
 Not sure how much of an improvement I 'll realize , but it 's a money saver over the long run .
 THIS WAS THE EXACT FIT AND IM VERY HAPPY I GOT THIS , IT WAS HARD ELSWARE TO FIND THANKS ALOT .
 For the price of 2 air filters at your local lube joint , you can buy one K&N and save yourself some money . I have purchased one for both our cars , and just assume they need a thorough cleaning each summer and winter . If you can devote 20 minutes each 6 months to cleaning these , its well worth the investment .
 As always , K&N has not let me down . Easy install into my Kia Sorento and I swear I can notice a difference in my HP .
 Needed to replace a tire that had been giving me leak problems for months despite judicial applications of plugs , Slime and everything else one could do to keep air in a tire . Finally decided to replace it . Found this deal online , price was good , tire was bought , received and replaced -LRB- that was an experience in itself ! -RRB- . Glad I did though . Good deal , product was as described and very satisfied with the deal . Would definitely buy my next tire from this seller .
 In this age , one should not be pleased to simply get what you paid for - but I did . Quality product , no issues .
 Easily fits our 40 ' 2005 Alfa Seeya . Under ideal conditions it should only take about an hour to cover your RV . We tried on two seperate days , however , before we got ours on - even a gentle -LRB- but steady -RRB- breeze will cause it to `` parachute '' and blow off the RV as you try to install it -LRB- unless you have 5-6 people helping -RRB- . Everything else about it is excellent , though . Good construction , three year warranty , easy instructions . No regrets with this purchase .
 Better acceleration , improved gas mileage , no need to buy new filters every 4 months ... awesome product all around .
 Bolts were a perfect fit , but I had to buy a new socket for them as they were an e20 metric socket .
 A bit on the expensive side , but it fits perfectly -- I mean it looks like these seat covers were put in by the car manufacturer . Tight and relatively easy to put in . Some install steps are much easier with 2 people doing it . Openings for side airbags are a nice touch . Overall , esthetically pleasing , perfect fit and functional .
 This filter is well worth the money . I have had it for 30,000 miles now and it has n't missed a beat . Very small improvement in performance you can barely tell but when going up hills you can tell it is getting more air . My favorite thing is that it lasts forever and cleans in a snap .
 I installed this filter into my car but I ca n't tell any performance different from a conventional filter so far . Perhaps time can tell ? This supposed a washable filter . But it must use special solvent from the manufacture . There no cleaning instruction in the box , it only cautions not to use compress air or wrong type of cleaner . Load knows how much cost of the cleaning solvent ? I am not too happy about that . But the filter looks very good.Kim
 Great fit on my 2006 MPV -LRB- V6 -RRB- and easy to install . just had to remove one bolt -LRB- to have enought wiggle room -RRB- and open the intake box to remove old filter and slide the new one in.I cant tell exactly what it did to my MPG . I did notice a faster take off and im guessing that would make MPG lower in city driving .
 This is my first K&N product and I bought it primarily because of some positive things I 've heard from friends about K&N . The filter was a snap to install on a 2004 Mazda MPV , just two clips and drop it in . I did n't realize that it was washable so that was a bonus that when it 's dirty I can just wash it off and put it back in . Not sure that I noticed any significant difference from having this filter .
 I honestly do n't know how much this K&N drop in filter really added to the performance of my 2005 4 cylinder Mazda6 hatchback , if any , but I can say that it looks really cool , and literally takes less than 10 seconds to install , so if you need a new filter , and you do n't want to spend the money or the time to put in a CAI , this is your best value .
 I bought this product a month ago and I really love it . The warranty is for one million miles and every 50,000 miles you have to clean it and not replace it , and that means it 's very cheap if you compare with the original part that you have to change it every 15,000 miles . I highly recommend this product !!!
 The item fit fine with no modifications.I have nothing else to compare it to.Unknown at this time if there was any mpg increase - it 's only been a week.Did not notice any performance difference , but the car is not driven hard.I figure it was the same cost as 3 factory filters so if it lasts until 90,000 miles , it will pay for itself .
 My stock subaru liners slip -LRB- most importantly on the drivers side -RRB- . I was nonplussed by the expense of these liners , but my brother recommended them . Performance
 These floor liners are top notch . They keep all the mud , dirt and snow from ruining your carpet and can handle any spills the kids can throw at them . I had these in my old Explorer and bought new ones when I bought my new truck . Very much worth the money !!
 I bought this for my 2000 Nissan Xterra about 4 years ago . It is great to have something to cover the back area and protect it from the hair/dirt of my dog . However , it keeps slipping out of place . It keeps slipping out towards the door , so much so that the end is now curled up where I keep slamming the back of the car on it -LRB- or sometimes the back does n't close at all -RRB- . So I 'm always pushing it back in place . If it stayed in place it would be perfect .
 The performance of the rotors is awesome ! The price is n't bad at all , and I can honestly say that you would love them too !
 This product is an exact fit for my vehicle . It does what it 's ment for . Here in Europe the price is about 2-3 times higher than ordered with Amazon . Overall I 'm very satisfied whith the product .
 Product arrived quickly ... have yet to install it . . have doubts it will last the 20 years the original has. ; ... seems kinda flimsy ... MADE IN MEXICO !!
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 Nice tool how ever i did n't know I was buying a used one that was missing a bolt Replaced bolt and worked great
 I 've used K&N products over the years . Like always , I noticed a 2-3 MPG improvement with my fuel economy . This pays for itself very quickly !
 I purchased this filter and installed it just after returning to florida from virginia , installation took minutes , the amount of power that this returned was incredible . In a C230 I averaged over thirty five -LRB- 35 -RRB- miles to a gallon using premium gas from florida to virgina pushing over 70 miles an hour the entire trip . This I will add is the second filter I purchased for a vehicle , I had one in my audi and I have subsequently purchased them for my wife 's lexus and my family 's honda . These are great filters and the return on your investment if for no other reason , you stop having to purchase a paper filter every six months to a year or so .
 If you 're hotrod is like mine , it 's a bit cold-natured . This electric choke kit is the ticket . I can hit the switch and start the car now and it will idle high so that it warms faster . To disengage , just hop in and pump the accelerator pedal and it returns to normal idle speed . A must have if your Holley did n't come with a choke . Just wire it into something that has power with the switch in the ACC-ON position .
 This is a great product ! I have used it now for a whole season and have had no problems . I found this at northern tool and equipment much cheaper than other places . Now I can keep my 14 year old Craftsman mower riding the steep hill I call my back yard .
 I have really enjoyed having this on my car . The install was n't too bad , the hardest part was getting the old filter box out , but only because of spacial constraints . But once the whole thing was out , this went in quite easily . I really like the gutteral purr that my car has now , and the added power at 3K RPM is nice when I down shift . Very reasonably priced , too .
 Great color and quality . It fits perfect and was real easy to install . I reccomend this product . It sounds nice when accerating quickly and adds MPG .
 No problems with this weld-in O2 sensor bung . Welded in easily and O2 sensor screwed right in . Easy-peasy !
 I have built a custom exhaust system for a car and I needed to add a second oxygen sensor for emissions . These bungs were perfect . Each bung contained a collar that allowed me to install the bung in a standard hole and then weld them to the stainless steel exhaust pipe . The worked great .
 This does keep some of the heat down in the car , but the dash still gets somewhat hot and I 'm not sure why . It fits perfect though and looks good and does help .
 arrived on time r early my husband has a sears ridind more and we have a hilly yard the tires that came on the mower did n't hold good but these r much better
 Over the years I have used Heli-Coils for just about any stripped thread problem you could imagine . They have never let me down
 One of the best if not the best Plug I ever installed . And I 've been doing my own car maintenance for over 40 years . From when I first backed the car out of the garage I noticed a much improved throttle response . Now after nearly 1000 miles and checking mpg I can state that I have at least a 10 % gain in gas mileage , thus after 3 tank fills I 've paid for the plugs . Note , that I had 90,000 miles on the original 100,000-mile factory plugs , and they looked worn when I removed them . Now I know one does get appreciable gain in horsepower from plugs alone , but when your replacing old ones you will definitely get that WOW feeling when you mash that throttle down .
 I put these plugs in my 01 stratus RT and they are incredibly noticeable improvement , starting was first very noticeable thing , then when i took out for test drive , it was a night/day type difference , exceptional throttle response , very very smooth idle , RPM 's from 1300 to 6300 before you can blink an eye.honestly sets you right back in your seat , now on to the gas mileage I was completely shocked with them , they improved my mileage going from 22city/25highway to 28city/35highway on a vehicle that has 160k mileage , most brand new cars wo n't get that . It 's been 15 months since i installed them and 27,000 miles later and they still as good as day i put them in . would strongly recommend these plugs to anyone , even my dad has started using them in his vehicles he also is seeing noticeable increase as well .
 Easy install provided instant benefits over the worn out NGK 's in our second car , a 1999 Acura TL with 80k miles . Idling smoothed out a bit too , but have not used a tank of gas yet to determine any improvement in gas mileage . Will update review at that time.Bosch is a total winner in the rebate department too , as I received my $ 4 per plug rebate eleven -LRB- 11 -RRB- days after I mailed it off !!! Never before has a rebate arrived anywhere close to that short time , and quick rebate turnaround should be a real incentive to buy these great plugs at a great price . No waiting for 2-3 months , as is usual with rebates . Hats off to Bosch , and Amazon .
 They give my Honda Element engine quiet and smooth operation to compare to the OEM spark plugsI feel the engine stronger.Rebate makes these plugs super low cost .
 The spark plugs , lowered engine noise & increased power , also improved power from factory plugs that were in my truck .
 A definite improvement on performance . These spark plugs are worth the investment . I will purchase this product for all of my vehicles .
 I purchased these on the advice of a friend . They are replacing NGK Iridium IX spark plugs at around 90K miles on them . The NGK plugs went from the correct gap setting of .044 to .058 and had some signs of rust , it was time . They were being placed in the my 2002 Honda Odyssey which has 168K miles.First off , these plugs are more fool proof to install since there is nothing to gap . They are suppose to get more spark at the tip due to the 4 electrodes . The end result is a mixed bag . I was really expecting my milage to go up a little like after the last time I replaced the factory NGK plugs with the IXs . What I got was slightly better Highway milage but over all my City milage had gone down a little . The car runs much smoother , sounds better , and definitely more drivable but the milage gain overall that I was hoping for was not there . Maybe it will take the Honda Computer more time to adjust to the different burn of the plugs . These plugs should not be any hotter or colder than my other ones . Overall , for the drivablity and smoothness are better and there is a slight gain in highway mpg , but for some reason my city mpg took a small hit . I had not found anything on the web matching what happened to me but those are the breaks.If I had the time and money I would like to try out the actually factory NGK plug vs the NGK IX vs these just to see if there is a real difference . Given the car has 168K on it these are going to be my last plugs that are installed . Overall more good than bad but not as good as I had hoped for . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I really liked the idea behind four electrodes . A bit pricey but with the rebate it made it a no brainer .
 I 've not installed the plugs in my Accord yet , but I can tell you delivery was prompt as always and packing was appropriate to protect the product .
 Product arrived before promise date . Already knew how great the Bosch +4 Plugs were , and the IR Fusion plugs carry on the excellence .
 purchased 4 of these for my RAV4 with 110k miles . Do n't track MPG but I do drive 100-250 miles per day for work , gas tank does seem to need less filling .
 I used these plugs for a Chrysler application . The car is running great . I have used Bosch platinium plugs in different applications and they work well for me .
 Fast shipment , good quality spark plugs , Replaced in to my 2000 Odyssey . Smooth engine firing and acceleration power immediately noticeable . I will recommend to my friends .
 Really fixed my starting issues with my older vehicle . Glad I replaced them with these as they really work . Thanks !!
 Plugs seem to give me extra power . Very satisfied with the performance.All 4 plugs arrived timely - was just a little concerned when I first saw the packaging . Was surprised that none had fallen out of the package .
 Replaced the plugs in my Accord at 70k miles as a preventive measure . No change in fuel economy or power , but that 's expected . Reviewers claiming otherwise either had bad plugs to start , or are subconsciously altering their driving habits . Gap-free design is nice .
 I can not say how this works or why it is better but it has four things around the center post
 Dash mat came out of the box and fit directly unto the dash of the car . Nice item and worth the money .
 Good quality for the price . Bolted right in . When you purchase this product you may also want to look into purchasing the -LRB- 2 -RRB- two straps that hold the tank into place . Usually the threaded portion is corroded and breaks .
 I replaced a bosal unit that was on the car approximately 2.5 years . The converter on that unit plugged -LRB- to be fair probably from a lack of tune up and dumping fuel into the exhaust , another story -RRB- but the big problem was that it used a braded steel connection between the exhaust manifold flange and the exhaust pipe . The connection first started to leak , then completely broke . very noisy . This unit has larger diameter exhaust pipe , a more secure pipe to manifold flange connection , and the O2 sensor bung is angled for a better fit . The unit tucks into the body structure very nicely so it will not drag over speed bumps . Overall , my Cavy is working 100 % better with this unit , longevity will be the next hurdle . Vehicle is a 1996 Chevrolet cavalier convertible , 2.4 L DOHC engine , 5 speed manual trans .
 I bought a thermostat at a local auto parts , and it did n't last 7 months before it failed . I ordered the Stant thermostat from Amazon for my 2001 Pt Cruiser , its working perfectly ever since . I highly recomend it .
 Just a thermostat , works like it should . I should have read into the installation a bit more . I pulled out the old thermostat and lost all my coolant . Oh well , new ones in , new coolant in the system . Good to go .
 Fit my Suzuki Ozark 250 perfectly.Mounted without having to move anything on the handlebars . High enough to channel wind over my head and wide enough to block the wind on my hands . 30sec to take on & off . My face and hands were what got cold on my 2 mile drive to work everyday , but not any more . Worth every penny for the winter driving .
 producto y a bajo precio me gusto mucho es justo lo que necesitab para mi camioneta , estoy muy feliz lleno mis espectativas y se ajusta perfectamente a mi auto .
 Everything was perfect !! The ordering process , the shipping time , the packaging , and the performance of the product . Nothing could be improved upon .
 Cheaper in price then the OEM heater hose and gets the job done the same way as it should . I recommend it .
 this was a great pump to replace an aftermarket fuel sys. . Lowered truck needed in bed tank and this inline pump to equal required pressure .
 I have this pump mounted on a turbo-charged motorcycle . It is well more than adequate for my use and has proven to be reliable in my application , even after 5 months of use . The couplings to the pump are less than exciting and made connections of steel braided aeroquip lines a little difficult since the inlet fitting that comes with the pump is simply a nipple type . I had to connect my -6 line with a hose clamp ... very untidy in my opinion . However , the pump redeems itself by being powerful and relatively quiet for its output . Nice unit that should last a long time .
 WeatherTech ! What more can you say ? I had the run of he mill Bug Deflector . I got a dealand when I got it , I got what I paid for , can I say it `` cheap crap '' WeatherTech is quality.Not only can you see , you can feel it . I intend to buy more WeatherTech products soon.I know what i 'm getting is `` GOOD OLD USA MADE '' ... Need I say more ?
 This marine pump just works good . I used one pump to fuel two 331 Imperial Hemi Marine motors that have twin single barrel carbs . It provides plenty of fuel for both motors without making too much pressure bypassing the floats , flooding the motors . I always start my starboard engine first so I put a oil pressure switch on that motor for a fail safe device . Switching to a electric pump made the engines start easier as they do n't have to grind on the starters till the bowls fill if the motors have n't been started in a while since the tanks are 40 ' forward of the engines . It is a USCG approved unit and has been very dependable so far .
 Very good product . Would have given it 5 stars except that it should maybe have some type groove in the handle to help hold it down on the rim when re-mounting the tires .
 I think this will be a good tool . I have n't actually used it yet but it looks just as described . It is bound to be an improvement over changing those little tires with only a couple screw drivers .
 Color true to sample on line and the fit is very very good . The velcro to hold the cover to the dash is stuck on the back of the mat so look there before you look in the box and worry that you did not get it . The cover goes over the dash speakers but does not diminish the sound quality.The fit is really nice , the swtitching is very good and the velour appears to be a good quality material . I am pleased with all aspects of this purchase.Mike
 This kit is way better than Scotty 's crimp type terminal kit . Cannon 's kit secures the end of the cable securely with no way of it slipping or coming loose . After loosing one down rigger weight with the Scotty kit , I switched to Cannon .
 Tr&egrave;s bonne qualit&eacute; , livraison rapide , je le conseil &agrave; tous les pcheurs , professionnels ou amateurs , super r&eacute;sistante et longue dur&eacute;e de vie
 Everthing was accounted for . a bit pricey . it still is a good place to buy the kit .
 This transformed my V6 Accord into a manly sounding VTEC beast.The install is kind of a PITA , so I was n't too sure along the way , but afterwords I realized it was worth every minute.This is my single favorite mod I think .
 It make the clutch lever pull about half of what it used to be without affecting the strength of the clutch . This device only changes the ramp and mechanical advantage by the use of a slightly longer arm where the clutch cable attaches inside the primary case . This device is available for the big twins as well . I damaged my wrist in a motorcycle accident about eight years ago and a soft clutch pull is very helpful . I no longer get pain after riding all day . Zero side effects . Expensive , but great product to use if you have issues pulling the clutch on a Harley Davidson .
 I love MSD products and this one here has solved my needs perfectly . I am readying a 400 SBC for my 69 C-20 and everything has went with out a hitch . Cutting and measuring was a snap with the engine out on the stand . The quality of these wires is second to none and the instructions are precise and easy to understand for any handy person looking to upgrade their ignition for top performance.I am including a few pictures of this install for anyone ready to make this change . Buy with confidence.RagenRat
 Very Very easy to cut and and give your car that custom look . Its a 1-2 hr . job .
 Had them X-lined and love them . Would by NFAB step bars again . Easy install , work great . The only downside is that you have to think about stepping on them when you get of of the truck , but getting up into the truck is like using any other step bar , except a lot cooler ...
 Had problem with my 2003 GMC Sierra where the head unit appeared to be working fine but no sound . Sometimes the sound would just come on randomly . Researched and many other suppliers thought it could be the amp , but there was no returns on electronics . Then there were other people who stated they could repair the amp for $ 250 . I bought the product brand new for under $ 200 on Amazon and my problem was completely solved .
 I had these saddlebags on a Honda Rebel that I recently sold . They 're nice bags . Check the dimensions - these are pretty small bags . I could get a 2 liter bottle of soda in each one but not much more . I would have given them a 5 star except for the buckles . They use snap buckles for opening/closing . The adjustable straps move one end of the buckle . My complaint is that these buckles are not very easy to use . You have to line the 2 end up EXACTLY straight or they wo n't buckle . It got tedious at times . Other than that they were good bags .
 So happy with this purchase . Needed to replace some saddlebags after very similar bags had been chewed by a very bad dog . These were almost an exact replica and a very nice surprise gift . Thank you again to Amazon -LRB- and the seller -RRB- for offering such great prices and quick delivery .
 I ordered these for my 86 Honda Rebel . Small bike needed small bags . These fit perfectly between the shocks and the rear turn signals . The bags are well made and stiff enough to hold up on their own , but I fitted a small support bar in anyways . They are just big enough to hold anything I need to haul on my commute to work . Plus they look pretty stylin ' for the cheap price .
 It works fine on my 2001 GSX-R . Hopefully it lasts longer than the original r/r which lasted about 7K miles .
 Great product . I paid a little more for the wiring kit than I should have . It was mostly a shortcoming on MSD 's website where if it did n't understand your engine , it would default you to this . I could have saved 30-40 bucks just buying fully premade ones for any other small block ford , but now I do appreciate being able to shorten/lengthen and route cables to give the engine a really clean , finished look.The wires and connectors are great and of true MSD quality.Resistance was even better than advertised , sometimes just 2-3 ohms , but never more than 10 for any wire.The kit comes with 8x 8.5 mm wires -LRB- standard is 8mm -RRB- that have the spark plug end on them . You cut it to length and put the distributor end on with the included tool . Instructions were confusing but just follow the pictures and you 'll be fine.This set is the only option if you want to have great looking custom length spark plug wires .
 Product arrived on time as advertised . Product was $ 50 less expensive than local Ford dealer .
 What a product should be , not high performance but quality like oem works great and the product came on time and good packaging
 I picked up these nerf bars for my 2011 F250 Super Duty with a Crew Cab . Got them in a few days with free shipping from Amazon . I installed them in less than 90 minutes on a cold March day . Easy to install and they look great.I highly recommend them .
 I like the appearance of these steps better than a large flat running board -LRB- just personal preference -RRB- . I painted them to match my truck . I saw a video on U-Tube of the installation , showing extreme ease of install . It was true , very easy ! Great product .
 If you have MSD Superconductor 8.5 mm wires , these come in handy . Anyone who has headers will tell you of the risk of `` melting '' or arcing . Since the boots sit so close to the headers on some applications , it is a good idea to have some of these handy when they get melted . It only takes a few minutes to swap one out , and having these on hand gives you peace of mind . Not to mention , try finding these in your local auto parts store . I guarantee that most of them will not stock these !
 Not much to say except glad these are available for when a couple get melted ...
 Have used product for several months and am happy with the purchase . They fit pretty well and the only issue is that the seat bottom portion needs to be adjusted occasionally caused by sliding out of the seat when exiting . They need to have more loops for tension on bottoms .
 Correct cable as advertised for my 1969 Ford Mustang convertible , currently undergoing a partial restoration . Parking cables tend to not work well after 40 + years on a car .
 Better than the &#34; cheaper &#34; filters you find at local auto parts store -LRB- FRAM &#34; cough cough &#34; -RRB- This would be 1 step below a reusable K&N ; filter if you did n't want to pay the premium price for a performance filter .
 I use a cable with 7-blade ends as the connection between the RV and the Toad car . We had been using a Blue Ox cable with the 4-pin plugs replaced with 7-blade plugs but the spring in the coils had petered out . A replacement cable from Blue Ox would have been $ 65 . This Hopkins cable at $ 28 was for more cost effective especially since one end already had a 7-nlade plug on it.Icing on the cake is the LED inside the translucent plug that light when the running lights are on .
 Overall , this is a good extension . The coil seems to stay wound and does not stretch out when not in use . Full length of extension is a bit under 4 feet . The `` Night Glow '' feature is great as it enables you to immediately see that current is flowing through from your vehicle but do not expect it to serve as a flashlight or lantern . LoL `` Glow '' is all you 'll get ... My only gripe is that the flat end of the extension is designed for a 5 PIN FLAT connection and not a four as is on my trailer . Had to use my utility knife to cut back the rubber from the end of my 4 Pin Flat end so that it would fit inside of the 5 Pin Flat extender .
 It was a perfect fit and does n't fade I had a Dodge truck before and the dash is cheap sun tears it up this works great
 This is the ultimate sun shade , and I have owned many over the years . It fits perfectly and stays in place with nothing to hold it there . Really keeps the interior cooler and protects the dash and other vinyl parts .
 Good price . It does the job down here in Oklahoma with our 100 degree days .
 I purchased this decal for the tank of my black 2002 Suzuki Marauder.It looks absolutely amazing and I am very happy with my purchase!TOP seller with super faster shipping even thought I opted for super saver shipping.Thank you !
 I bought this item for my best friend , who really loves the meaning behind the word . She told me once that the idea of the divine in her recognizing and bowing before the divine in others is special because it reminds her that she 's not the only one who carries that divinity . Basically , it reminds her to honor all other people , not just herself . When I saw this item available on Amazon , and when I remembered that my friend was in the market for a new car , I thought , `` hey ! nice gift idea , and it will have some meaning to her , as well as sending out a great message to all who see and understand it ! '' So I got it , and I was very pleased with it . First of all , it 's not shiny or overpowering . It 's a fairly simple design , precisely like the pic above , and the lettering is understated and elegant at the same time . My friend unwrapped it and was taken by it right away . She thought it had to cost way more than it in fact did -LRB- and with Amazon Prime , no shipping expense ! wahoo ! -RRB- , and it was a perfect stocking stuffer -LRB- her main gift was a lovely bodhi leaf earring and necklace set from another online site -RRB- . Nice gift !
 I really like this emblem . It looks great on my black car . It 's plastic so it does not shine up like the other emblems on the car , however it can be seen and I love the fact that I am sharing my divine spirt with everyone I drive by . I am going to pick up the OM symbol next.Namaste !!
 The font size and style are true to the expression `` from-my-heart-to-your-heart . '' My fingers lightly brush the exquisite reminder each time I enter or exit my car .
 I 'm starting to realize that parts actually fitting is a pretty significant accomplishment . This is nothing special , it just fits and it works . Normally this would only warrant * * * , but like I say , grade inflation has hit because of so many other problem parts I have encountered .
 This was a great 1 to 1 replacement for my 1974 stock toyota land cruiser fj40 . Fit the first time and replaced the corroded rotor that has probably been there for a long time .
 Works great with diff handlebars on this bike . Looks good , good chorme . brings handlebars closer and up higher.Would buy again .
 This upper hose fits correctly my Dodge Caravan 3.3 L V6 ... It has the same OEM quality and finish . Fast delivery . 100 % satisfied .
 I installed these on my 2005 M3 . After the initial break in -LRB- a little more than 700 miles until they stopped squeaking -RRB- they are working wonderfully . There is far far less dust than the stock pad as well . Your rims will thank you.Keep in mind that you should not turn BMW rotors , and if there is any lip at all on the rotor it will take a little longer to break them in . If the rotors are under spec you should definitely replace them . This makes for a longer lasting brake anyway .
 I got this installed in my car and everything works according to the specifications . Battery of one of the remotes ran down after about 5 years of service , which is quite a long time.However , when I bought this item online , I was fooled in to thinking that dual stage shock sensor is built in . Only after the purchase that I figured out `` supports dual stage shock sensors '' meant that we have to buy the shock sensor separately .
 Connected right up with no problems . Looks great on the truck with the braided steel . Definitely would buy these again , but I do n't think I 'll need to .
 My fiberglass boat is a 1998 , all white , walk around fishing boat . Using the Collinite Boat Wax and Insulator Wax along with the Metal Polish , I am amazed at the number of unsolicited compliments I receive . I use the products on the hull , topside . and hard top.People can not believe my boat is over 10 years old yet has such an excellent finish - all due to Collinite protection . I admit I am meticulous and keep after it but the Collinite products make the boat look beautiful . Collinite may be a few cents more , but it is well worth it .
 This product is great for fiberglass boats.I used it on my 2006 red boat and it did bring the deep red shine back as if were a brand new boat again.I had it in just a few days after i placed the order.It is very easy to use , and it was very easy wipe off . Great product and great service with my order .
 I was recommended to use this wax from my neighbor who was a `` pro '' boater for 25 + years ... I 've tried this wax ever since he recommended it and I have NEVER gone back to anything else ! The collinite fiberglass boat wax # 925 is the best ! A bottle will last me several waxes on my 20 foot yamaha jet boat . It gives the boat an awesome shine and is super slick ! Make sure you dont get any wax on your boat floor because it gets VERY slippery ... I love when after I wax my boat if you try to sit on the side of the boat -LRB- where you shouldnt be sitting -RRB- you will slide right off very quickly too ! Thats acutally my test to make sure its waxed enough ! Before waxing the boat you could sit in the same spot and not move at all , your pants just stick to the gelcoat , but not after using this stuff . Everyone I have talk to about this wax or other collinite products loves it and loves the brand . I paid about $ 15 from a local store near my house . If your looking for THE BEST wax out there and you really care about your boat and love keepin it looking great , then get yourself a bottle of this stuff , you wont be disappointed ! Just make sure you dont get wax on your floor or ANY spots used to step on to get in the boat , It does make it very slippery !! I love the collinite # 925 wax -LRB- if you couldnt tell by my comments :-RRB- Good Luck !
 i could not be more satisfied with this sprayer . i was reluctant to order it at first because i thought the price was so cheap that it had to be a piece of junk but i was wrong it has good quality and i am sure i can use it for years . one thing you have to remember is you can adjust the flow of liquid by loosening thenozzle .
 Works well if you have a large enough capacity compressor/tank . The little ones run out of air before it is able to suck up the fluid .
 Good for the price . It is nice to finally be able to spray , under pressure , Simple Green and other stuff . This pressure wand does not have the angled tip , something to consider .
 Does the job . Do yourself a favor and toss the stock hose . Buy a thicker gauge from your nearest hardware store . Make sure your compressor can supply enough CFM . This is an guzzler !
 I bought this product to use on the engine of my 1971 Dodge Charger R/T . I have to say , this thing is very useful and made the job a lot easier . I do however suggest you get a large capacity air compressor when using it , because this thing is a air hog like all tools of this nature . I did have issues getting the cleaner into the tube , but i quickly figured out that you have to adjust the tip to get the right pressure to draw it into the tube.Speaking of the feeding tube , it did seem cheap which is why i removed a star . When i unrolled it , it looked collapsed . I worked it the best i can to get a nice unrestricted flow , but is n't much you can do except get another tube . Also , if your using a harsh cleaner make sure you flush this tool out with water . It does not come with any type of instructions on how much air pressure to use , but i find that any where between 55-70psi works well.Also , keep the bottle the tube is in up high . This will help keep the solvent you are using from going back in the container when you pause from use . It also makes it easier to draw it into the gun . In my case , i sat the jug up inside the engine compartment with the tube going into a `` U '' with slack . Be careful using harsh stuff , because this tool will iodize into the surroundings like paint gun . Be sure you are in a well ventilated area , or have a mash on . Just to share what i used in t his product i will include a product link . Only i got the concentrated 1 gallon bottleOil Eater Cleaner Degreaser 32oz
 I was so tired of fighting my old sprayer ... This is a good product that works very well . I t makes my work so much easier .
 This thing works real well not perfect but for what it is it does a nice job with a good grease cutting detergent , Thanks for a great product .
 This belt is a good substitute for the MTD brand auger Belt # 954-0257 and 754-0257 for the MTD 5 horsepower 24 inch snow blower model 317-550-000 . And it costs 3.5 times less .
 Box and gasket were slightly damaged on delivery . One night between 2 heavy boards smoothed gasket out .
 This fixed my wifes Echo ... This is the fix if both reverse light stop working at the same time ! replaced this part and both worked perfectly ! The Echo had a manual transmission and this switch is directly under the air cleaner box . Remove the box and it is visible and accessible . Be careful when you change this part out , . There is a small metal spacer ring around the base of the threads , not really a washer but a spacer . . I did not see it on the part i removed and when the new part was installed the reverse light were on constantly ... . Removed the new part after i found the spacer ring and installed it on the new part , replaced and bingo !!! This replacement part did not come with a new spacer so reuse the old one !!
 Need rotors these are well made and work great ! the price is nice too . I looked around town and these were the best price and they are well made . They have been on a couple of weeks and they are doing great I even noticed the break dust is less then with my old rotors ! So for the money they work well and cost less then anything I could find aroun town !
 Since no one seems to turn rotors anymore , good and inexpensive replacements are the next best thing . These Centric rotors seem to last until the next brake job.I put some anti-seize on the hub side and on the wheel side to stop them from rusting in place . If all else fails , I attach three c-clamps to the outside rim of the rotor and use a slide hammer on them one at a time to walk the rotor off of the hub . But the anti-seize usually prevents things from getting to that point .
 This fuel pump was $ 100 less than anyone else and it is OEM ! Worked great ! Shipping was super fast !
 Got a great price on the fuel pump , but paid extra for a guaranteed shipping date which was a day late . I was supposed to be reimbursed for the shipping if it was late , but that has not happened yet . Probably will not buy again .
 I purchased this product for my 2000 Chevy Silverado because the original `` sendng unit '' was faulty . I did not install this unit personally due to the fact you must drop the fuel tank or lift off the cargo bed . I did not have the facilities for doing either , so I had it done by a professional mechanic . He told me that it was a GM part and was shocked at the very low price for which I purchased it . So far it has worked like a charm and I am now happy because I do n't have to guess at the actual fuel level in my tank . Thanks Amazon and Delphi !
 I bought this for a 2002 Chevy silverado pick up oem replacement identical to the one I took out works great . However this one does not come with the tank pressure sensor if you need that one its a diff fuel pump #
 great product would buy this anytime I need a fuel pump keep up the good work thanks for making it easy
 These adequately keep the seat belt from cutting into my neck and soiling/wrinkling my blouses . It is washable , but looses some of its ` softness ' after washing ; a damp softener sheet helps a little , though . I bought an extra to have around in the back seat , and to carry when I 'm a passenger in someone else 's car .
 I really like this shoulder pad . It 's comfortable and it stays in place . I forget it 's there and it keeps the seat belt from riding up on my neck .
 This was a gift . The product brings comfort to auotmobile riders who use their seat belts.I plan to order more as gifts when the time comes for birthdays .
 We bought this for our son 's car seat and it works just great . It is long enough that it covers his entire shoulder area and makes the seat belt much more comfortable .
 My friend in Thailand had a small car accident . Everything was fine except the big scratch from seatbelt on her neck and shoulder , which took long long time to be healed . I think it 's a must to have shoulder pad while driving . This product is very very soft on my skin . I always wear tank top . Sometimes the pad slides onto my arm or chest . I love the feeling . Strongly recommended .
 I love the bag it is much more stylish than having a plastic bag in my car to put trash in . The only thing is that it comes with a sticky strip that you can stick it to something or a strap so you can strap it to a seat . I purchased 2 and the strap works great but the sticky strip does not .
 Adorable little litter bag ... LOOKS GREAT . Velvet like material on front looks black , but in sunlight is a glittery dark blue . Very cool !
 My Goodness , this is the best litter bag ever ! It does all I ever need for it to do as a litter bag . I put the trash in ... and it stays there until I empty it ! AMAZING ! That `` Oxyclean '' guy or the `` Sham-Wow '' guy should be selling them on TV !
 This rotor saved my wife and I from certain death . It was a freezing cold night in February , like about 48 . All the roads were covered with a dusting of melting snow . We surely would have froze on our walk to Walmart that night , but luckily , this well-made rotor I received from Amazon that day installed perfectly into my car . This allowed us to DRIVE instead of walk to and from the Super Walmart which is almost a full 200 yards away from our home !!! As you might think , we could have easily died that night , but instead , my wife and I had a GREAT time shopping for all sorts of Asian-made products in that store . Our thanks to Amazon , Walmart and especially Beck Arnley ! Or maybe it was a Bosch ... . whatever .
 If your old caliper is held on with hex head bolts , they are 10mm and this fits . If they are 12-point , they are 12mm bolts and they will not go through the mounting holes in this caliper . I have a 1994 Range Rover and had to enlarge the mounting holes . Other than that , no problems . I did n't do enough homework , I knew '93 and newer had 12mm bolts and the fitment guide says this will fit . Caliper came on time , packaged well .
 Again , cheaply made material . I 'm waiting to have it completely stretched out before the year is through . You may have to break in the end slots , and the material makes me wonder if I 'm going to scratch my CD 's . Otherwise its your standard CD holder .
 Amy Brown has the most beautiful faries in her collection , I bought floormats , liter bags and this cd visor , they all coordinate well together !!!!
 I was amazed when I got this product because it is more pretty than the picture on this website . I was really glad that I made the purchase and it was much better than it looked on Amazon 's picture of it .
 Quite fabulous ! My Honda Fit needed a CD holder and I found this one . Holds plenty of CDs and fits my visor perfectly . The price is also reasonable , something you do n't normally see for Amy Brown 's products . Highly recommended for fairy or Amy Brown lovers .
 This CD organizer looks great for the price . The color matches my car interior . The Moonsprite was printed with ok quality . The material is a little bit thin .
 The colors were prefect for my car , blues and grays . The soft velvet gives it a touch of richness . The image is pretty , but could be a little better quality and well with the embordary . Over all I am happy I got it .
 This is a very nice CD visor . The `` sprite '' is pretty , and it seems to be universal . I 've used it in a little Nissan Sentra , and also in my Grand Prix . Good deal for the price .
 This is the exact part replacement for the impeller I buy from my boat dealer . For about $ 30-35 less . Fits my Indmar V-drive perfectly .
 The local dealer would have had to order it as well so go ahead and save a buck and cut out the middleman .
 The title pretty much says it all . I got it today , and I ordered it maybe yesterday or two days ago , and it was exactly what I was looking for . Thanks < 33
 The CD holder is just what I expected . Now if I could just find the floor mats and seat covers with the black background and not blue .
 and access them while you are driving without getting in an accident . I was skeptical about putting it on the sun visor but I never leave it in my car I put it in the glove box or in my purse . And it 's cute and fuzzy !! If u are thinking about buying it , I would reccomend it .
 Easy install , insert the two screws -LRB- picture shows counter sunk but I got hex cap screws which I much prefer -RRB- into the spools and tighten , word of advice put Locktite in just to help put your mind at ease . Bought them to go with the Venom Sport Bike Lift Stands and they work great . Perfect for chain adjustment and rear tire removal . Recommend to anyone . Extremely fast delivery but the company was only located less than 100 miles from my house .
 These are great rear spools . I bought a pair to put on my 2009 Kawasaki Ninja 250R . They are easy to install and fit the bike well . Takes around 3 minutes to install . Just be sure to add a bit of blue threadlocker to ensure that they do not come loose while riding on the road or track . I am currently using these spools with a rear stand and I have n't had any problems . If you plan on changing the oil on your motorcycle , a pair of these spools and a rear stand makes the job much easier . I would definitely recommend these spools to any motorcycle owner .
 I did n't really need the locking feature and am very happy that you do not have to lock the cap when installing ; locking it is optional .
 This was a replacement cap for a 2000 Camry CE . The cap fits and works just like the OEM cap it replaced .
 Came with two keys and seems to do the job.Was easy enough for me to lock , but my fiance tried to surprise me by installing it and , due to a lack of instructions , did n't actually lock it . I had no issues locking it once I noticed it was n't , but might do well to include &#34; locking instructions &#34;
 If you drive a foreign car , then this might be the cap for you . Works nicely for cars that it fits . Delco is the same one who makes all of those wonderful car parts and car batteries.I like to stick with companies that I know .
 I like the AC Delco design b/c it allows the unit to stay locked or unlocked - you do n't need to keep the key in there to unlock it.Also , it 's AC Delco , so you do n't have to worry about it not fitting perfectly or using substandard materials .
 These are great for Chevy 's . Just check that it has a O-ring inside the gas cap above the threaded area . Some cars require a complete sealing gas cap or you will get a `` Check Engine Soon '' light on your gage in no time . And this could lead to costly repairs in the emissions control systems .
 I needed a new gas cap for my 2003 toyota tacoma and since I park it outside I went with a locking gas cap . It 's a perfect fit and comes with 2 keys .
 I bought this because i left my cap at a pump and needed a new one . This came with two spare keys . you do n't have to lock it but it is nice to have the option .
 Gas caps are made in a standard size for most makes of vehicles , and Chrysler is no exception . Works exactly as intended , and i do n't have to worry about my gas being stolen during blackouts and gas crises -LRB- Hurricane Sandy anyone ? -RRB-
 Gates hoses have always been good . And if you buy them on amazon they are usual half the price of the autoparts stores . Ive installed hundreds of Gates hoses and belts years past and they are all great quality .
 I was looking for something smaller . This is a bit big and bulky , but it serves it 's purpose well and I have not had any problems with it .
 Looks good and seems to work well - can not find these in stores so I was glad to find one here
 I had one just like this in my previous car which I forgot to take out when I sold the car . It went to a family friend so I did n't care too much about losing it , but I needed a new one for my car . The trash bag works great for smaller items and handles a good amount of trash before it needs to be emptied . However it does n't work when friends try to stick large energy drink cans or plastic bottles in the trash , it takes up a lot of space and can stick out of the top .
 I looked in many stores trying to find a litterbag like this one . I had bought one for my car years ago and my husband wanted one just like it . You can snap a small garbage bag into it so it stays in place . When it is full , all you have to do is take the garbage bag out and pull another one up from the roll on the bottom . The garbage bags can be bought at any grocery store . I hang it on back of the passenger side headrest with the adjustable strap and I can easily reach it while driving . It is the best designed litterbag that I have found .
 The bag is compact & durable and can be velcroed closed to keep everything -LRB- including smell -RRB- inside . From the outside , you would NEVER know that it 's a trash bag . I love it ! I can hook it on to my passenger seat head rest , or there 's also a sticky strip that can be stuck on a hard surface so that the bag can be velcroed to that spot at any time . Obviously , it 's not ideal for food or drink waste , but that 's not what I got it for . It 's perfect for getting rid of small trash and keeping it from accumulating.Did I mention that it does n't look like a trash bag at all ? I < 3 it .
 I had one of these for years . It finally , after a decade or so , ended its useful life . I tried many other but each had a deal breaker fault . Too hard to open , wo n't hold litter bag securely , not possible to close without removing , difficult to place trash inside , etc. . I , finally , found this one and am delighted with it in every way . Price was great -LRB- although shipping costs are outrageous but worth paying to have this -RRB- , it is designed to hold extra litter bags , it opens and closes easily , bag is well secured by snaps , easy to place litter -LRB- from driver 's seat -RRB- . In short , I love it .
 I heartily endorse this litter bag for your car . It is a good size so you do n't have to empty it too often . Also , the flexibility is very good because you can attach it in various ways . Furthermore , it is self-closing so the contents wo n't spill out AND no one has to look at them . I could n't ask for more .
 This comes with a few replacement bags , but you can buy more at any store . You may have to empty it every couple of days if you have alot of garbage , but if you use it for small things - like a dirty facial tissue , an small empty drink cup or soda can it works . But if you have heavy garbage this may not be the one for you .
 Great car trash bin . Made of polyester fibers and can fold flat . Has a velcro sticky you can attach to the side of your console . The black color blends right into my interior . I like the plastic garbage liners and the bottom access zipper makes for easier disposal . Gives it a nice look too .
 Great as a trash holder or for other things . Keeps the car neat and clean . Like the fact that liners are included .
 I had wanted a small bag to replace my old one that sat in my door compartment but could n't find one . This one hangs now from my headrest which is kind of a pain , but the only choice . I like the ability to change though the bag snaps are cumbersome , but that 's just preference . It 's roomy and does the job .
 I bought these tires and wheels for the price my local tire dealer wanted for tires alone . The quality of the assembly is great , my newly painted wheel covers look great on them . Thanks !
 Excellent seller , fast delivery and great fuel pump . I put the fuel pump on the day I got it and have n't had any issues with my vehicle starting since -LRB- 1 month ago -RRB- . Thanks again .
 For the price this helmet is unbeatable . I measured my head , and according to their charts i needed a large . That is what I got , and since I have short hair , it was a pretty loose fit . My girlfriend needed the medium , and it was a tight fit -LRB- she has big hair . -RRB- The helmet is clunky and bulky , but it works well . My only complaint is that since it is a bit large on me , when i get over 40 mph it starts to slide back on my head . But that was remedied by wearing a bandana . Now it fits great and does n't move .
 I bought the open-face helmet , because I wanted something cooler than my full-face helmet . The Raider helmet was a great buy . It is cooler , provides a greater line of vision than the full-face , fits securely , and it is easy to take on and off . I would definitely recommend it .
 This is a very good helmet , which I use when I ride a low-power electric scooter around my neighborhood . It 's lightweight , comfortable and much cooler than full-face helmets . If I were riding a full-power motorcycle or large Vespa-type scooter I would use a helmet with a face cover , but since my scooter does n't go over 20 mph and I ride it on flat residential streets in bike lanes , I feel safe enough with this open face model.I really like the color of this helmet too . It 's a true candy pink , unlike some helmets that are advertised as pink but are really more red or maroon . I always feel that I look goofy in a helmet , but the color of this one makes it kind of fun to wear . Thus , I feel less self-conscious , which is a good thing because I am not tempted to ride without head protection .
 Really like this helmet . It fits great . I was worried about sizing issues due to other comments , but had no issues . I wear a large helmet and ordered a large . When it arrived I put it on and it fit perfectly . Not too loose not too tight , but the perfect snugness you want from a helmet . The only complaint I have is that the visor snaps are n't that great . It 's difficult sometimes to get them lined up and when you think it is snapped securely it 's not , but when you do get them snapped properly it stays on just fine .
 I bought this because it is the right size and relatively light in weight . It works perfectly riding my UTV .
 I ordered this to wear because my adult daughter has autism and has temper issues which means she is going to pull my hair . :-RRB- I use this for those times so I wo n't lose all my hair , LOL It looks crazy wearing it around the house but it works !
 This little helmet is just perfect . Ordered it for my little granddaughter for four-wheeling . She is two and a half years old . It is a little top heavy , but still protects her head . Fit even better next year .
 We purchased these for our grandchildren to wear when we go out on the 4-wheeler . They fit very well and they love to wear them , so that tells me they are comfortable . I would recommend these to anyone looking for a helmet . My husband and I have the adult sizes of the Raider as well . It was a good purchase !
 This is a comfortable and sturdy helmet . Very lightweight but still feels safe . Love the visor . Bought one for my daughter as well .
 Comfortable and fits well . Have n't bounced my head off of anything as of this writing so I ca n't say I have really put it to the test . I do like the helmet and would recommend it .
 I had this helmet for a few days and I got the 2xl . I thought it was tight but when I went online to see if it fit right everyplace I read was saying it was a good fit . I took it to the MSF class and the instructors said it did n't fit and the brim of helmet should be lower on my forehead . This was the first helmet I ever tried on and it seemed well constructed . I ordered a GLX helmet -LRB- 3X -RRB- and it was tighter on my head than the Raider helmet . I 'll find something .
 I bought this for my girlfriend to use on her scooter . It looks good on her and is comfortable . Recommended .
 This helmet is a great deal for the money . I 've had about 30 helmets and this one is a good average lid . No Frills , but it has a DOT rating and that makes it safe and legal . Good hearing protection and deflects the wind well . Cheap enough to practice graphic art on if you have been so inclined . No need to spend $ 650 on an Arai , unless that is what you really want . Happy riding , `` Keep the Rubber side Down and the Shiny side Up '' .
 This helmet is a great basic helmet for the novice or experienced rider . The price point is quite economical and the quality is excellent . The range of sizes made it a first choice for me , and my double x-large cranium .
 The helmet 's great . It fits really well . I pulled off some of the sticker decal 's on it . I suggest investing a 5-Snap plastic face shield .
 Delivered as promised in excellant condition . Be sure of the size you order . Returns because you ordered the wromg size are at your exspense .
 I like that this helmet does not have a chin piece because it 's lighter for a little kid . I worry they will get whip lash trying to support a huge helmet . The mat black finish hides scratches much better than a gloss finish .
 Appears to be a good product at a good price . I guess I wo n't know until I have a crash but without that test , it looks fine .
 nice covers and they fit my daughters `` NEW '' Beetle ... nice fabric/neoprene , easy to wash ... shipped on time , and well packaged . .
 When this item arrived , it looked thin in the package and I almost returned it for a better one . I opened it up and it 's a very sturdy sun-shade with `` diamond plate '' look . So it looks shiny silver with small diamond shapes on it and they 're rainbow/reflective . This works well in my 2006 Pathfinder to keep the car cool . Also has 2 elastic straps to keep it wrapped up nicely when not in use .
 Auto Expressions makes an excellent interior windshield sunshade that actually does keep my car so much cooler in summertime than it was without the sunshade ! At first when I got this product I thought it might be too flimsy or poorly made ; but I was wrong . It folds neatly -LRB- accordion style -RRB- when I want to take it down to drive the car ; and it unfolds and covers the interior of my windshield really quick so I do n't have to sit there and waste time unfolding this shield.There is a pattern on the shield but it 's relatively neutral ; I wo n't let that interfere with my recommendation of this product . I think you 'll really appreciate being able to get into your car on a blazingly hot summer day , unfold this and then store it or just toss it onto the back seat and go -- in a car that will be much cooler than if you did n't use this sunshade.A BUY !!!
 I really like this sunshade . It definitely helps to protect my dash and keep my car cooler in this hot Houston , Texas summer weather .
 The shade is made of quality material . Works fine on keep my vehicle cool against sunshine in San Diego . The only cons is there is no sticker or hook on the corners , you have to flip down both visors to hold it against the window .
 This is a great car sun shade . It fits my Honda Odyssey well and blocks out 95 % of the sun that comes through the front window , leaving only a bit at the top unblocked . The car was significantly cooler , at least 30 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- cooler by my estimate . I shopped around and I could find no better deal than this , especially with the free shipping .
 Invisible Glass is by far the best glass cleaner I have ever used . The guy above must work for Glass Plus . Anyone and everyone I know who has used Inv Glass says it is hands down better than the rest .
 I tried many different brand glass cleaners and found this one to be the best . Some other glass cleaners I have used are sprayway and 3M glass cleaner . Sprayway glass cleaner was ok , and the 3M glass cleaner was just a waste of money .
 Invisible Glass truly is amazing . After reading reviews by people who did n't like the product , I realized they had not read the short , simple instructions . If you dry your cleaning towels using fabric softener it leaves a residue on the cloth . THAT is the problem , not this product . It cleans quickly , with about 20 % of the usual drying effort and windows stay clean much longer . All I had to do was follow the instructions .
 Great product and even better in a 6 pack ! Only cleaner to get glass on truck in hot weather clean ! with no streaks .
 There is NO other glass cleaner that beats Invisible Glass . I 've only used the pump version so ca n't speak for the aerosol or wipes , but I would imagine they work similarly as well.I have a large wall unit with glass doors , glass shelves , and a mirrored back . I struggled for years trying to get the surfaces streak free . Once I tried Invisible Glass , the job was quick and easy . I will never ever buy another glass cleaner.Don ' t hesitate ... try it !
 This cleaner leaves no streaks -- ever . Use with a microfiber cloth for the best results . After 40 years of using Windex , I 'm a convert and use only Invisible Glass now .
 My sister gave me a bottle of this a few months back & I could not believe how great a window cleaner this is . No streaks at all ... really ! I bought a case to give to my friends
 This K&N filter was shipped pretty quick . The filter was already oiled and ready to install . It 's actually a lot bigger than I expected , but fit just right . I 've never had a bad experience with any K&N products .
 I already had one but wanted a 2nd one to put on when i clean the first one . Absolutely a great K&N product
 I love every single push on the throttle :-RRB- the sound is great and the throttle response increased ! the only thing is you need to kjeep the filter clean so order the recharge kit and as soon as you notice the decrease in the throttle response and you see the filter is clogged visually , clean it ! i cleaned it in 30000 km . great product !
 With so many pads out there , it is really hard to find a good product . So far this is my favorite for my 04 Acura TL w / Brembo front brakes . They have a solid grab every time I brake from new to now as I am nearing replacement time . I really having seen an decline in friction . The brakes are very smooth and not the least bit grabby or jumpy . The smooth response gives me a much better feel and sense of control . Under sudden hard braking they do not fade and give solid sure power . Definately can say they have keep my bumper short of two cars and a deer . They are very quiet , even on my slotted rotors -LRB- Rotora -RRB- , but they are mildly messy . The material cleans up better then the organic pads I had on my last car and are not nearly as dusty but you will notice the build up . It cleas off VERY easy with car soap and water . Durability was a problem on my rear pads as a piece broke off and the pad wore prematurely but the front pads have 40k and counting . I would rate my driving as `` spirited '' but legal ; -RRB-
 I replaced my Brembo pads with the EBC Redstuff on my 2010 Chevy Camaro.Compared to the stock Brembos these are better in the following aspects : - braking - aggressive bite and do n't fade at high temperatures-low dust - @ 50 % less dust and it cleans really easy without build-ups-quiet - I have never heard a squeak-pad life - I changed the Brembo after 20.000 km -LRB- they were 50 % -RRB- and on the Redstuff I already have same mileage with two days of track use and they are @ 60 % meat left.I liked the Brembo ones more because they were smooth compared with these one , but that was it.No other advantages.Buy them , you wo n't regret.Follow Up : It 's been over 30.000 km on them with : - remaining pad @ 40 % - same brake feeling like when they were new , no signs of loosing braking power-same low dust-one big disadvantage is that they produce too much heat and my rotors are warped already.After hard braking you can see hot spots everywhere on the rotors , but I guess that this happens when you are too hard on brakes.-I will have to change these soon and I will buy the same ones .
 Replaced OEM pads on my 2008 Acura TL-S -LRB- Brembo front calipers -RRB- . Pads perform well and are generally quiet but the OEM Brembo pads were solid as well . Replaced at 32,000 miles with probably 8,000 miles still left . Buy the Red Stuff pads for their good performance but do n't expect low dust . They shed every bit as much as the OEM pads if not more .
 The window shades are great , two beautiful dolphins , unfortunately they look great on my husbands truck windshield , to big for my vehilcle , I guess the clue was `` jumbo '' . But totally satified with the product .
 This type of windshield sunshade is the most convenient to put in and fold up . The dolphin shade is big enough for our size and seems to be durable .
 I live in sun shiny Arizona , and boy does the sun ever shine ... this has helped me protect the dash in my car
 I used this until I did not need anymore . Never wore out or faded . Great buy as well . It looks exactly like the picture .
 I bought these dolphins as the side shade to protect my baby . Although they do n't have suction cups , they perfectly set between the rear sit and the ceiling -LRB- at least in my Accord 2008 -RRB- . Moreover , the left shade is located behind the driver 's head restrain and therefore does n't block the view from the driver 's seat . On the parking lot I place the second shade the same way -LRB- resting between the seat and ceiling -RRB- on the driver 's seat . I recommend everyone to buy them , especially if you need to protect baby .
 I love these shades . Becuase they come in two pieces , they are easy to fold and handle , making it possible to use on side windows as well . I also like the fact that the material is light . Although I would have rather have them in a plain light color -LRB- like
 I love the design . I have used this type of sunscreen since I bought my Tbird in 1994 and the dash still looks like new-no cracks or faded spots even though I am in the desert heat . They seem to last 3 to 4 years before the fabric splits . It does keep the steering wheel from burning my hands , but I cant say it does much for keeping the interior air cooler . My only regret is that I have to have the dolphins swim up or down , as they are a little to short to have them swim sideways .
 Love them , love them , LOVE them . They match my blue car and are great looking ! The size is great as they are oversized and completely cover the entire windshield of my Ford Fusion .
 Too big for a sedan . Forcing it into place each day will likelywear it out prematurely.Otherwise looks great & keeps car much cooler .
 If you like dolphins like I do , you will love this shade . The could be a little taller , but then I am a big windshield . Chevy Impala 2002
 THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL SUN SCREEN FOR MY CAR ... I TELL EVERYONE I HAVE MY OWN BEACH FRONT PARKING WITH DOLPHINS . . LOOKS GREAT
 I really like the shades that I purchased . They keep my car cool inside
 I do n't see people using these much anymore . To me it 's the simplest most effective way to keep your car and steering wheel cool . I even use one over my rear deck to prevent degradation of the rear speakers , etc. . Maybe I 'm concerned about that because I keep my cars a long time -LRB- at least 12 years -RRB- .
 We live near Palo Alto , CA where it is mostly sunny.The reflective shade works as advertised , and is able to keep the inside of our vehicle cooler . This is noticeably true if we park outside for a short duration like 30 - 45 minutes . Anything longer , the inside temperature does n't seem that much cooler -LRB- although the steering wheel is still not as hot -RRB- . The only minor issue is it takes slightly longer to fold and unfold this shade . I have had a spring-loaded type , which is easier to use but not nearly as effective as far as keeping the vehicle cooler.I would rate this product 4.5 stars . It works so well , I ordered another one for my wife 's car .
 Well nothing really to say good or bad they were as described they work nothing spectacular but nothing bad about them .
 My wife was pleased with the quality and look of her Silver Dragonflies Seat Covers ! The ease of installation was a plus for the product ! Thanks , A Satisfied Customer
 I do n't know what to say really its your typical car seat cover . It look just like the picture shows . The only reason I bought it is because I could n't find dragonfly seat covers anywhere else for such a good price .
 Cant complain works as advertized and a great price.You will need a Harbor Frieght tie rod removal tool to get the old one off and the new one installed , but heh , a trip to Harbor Freight will make your day . .
 The filter came in a thin cardboard box with the four copper gaskets . It was correct for my application.I purchased twoWix 24873 Air Filter Panel , Pack of 1and these filters are thicker than the Made in the USA Toyota filter and are coated with an antimicrobial treatment and cost less . They are made in Poland and you can see the Wix quality.I was disappointed that the Fuel filter was made in China so I wrote Wix and here is the reply : Dear StevenThe email you sent to WIXFILTERS.com was forwarded to my attention . You said you were extremely disappointed by the fact that the 33497 filter you purchased was made in China , Wix is a global filter manufacturer supplying filtration products around the world in many markets . Our World Headquarters are located in Gastonia , NC . Additionally we have several plants in North Carolina and in North America . We also have manufacturing facilities in Poland , Venezuela , Brazil and Mexico.We supply a full line of filtration products for all model vehicles , which totals in the thousands . . To do this , some of our manufacturing plants are tooled and specialize in a particular type of filter . We have the same strict quality standards at all of our global facilities . Whether a Wix product is made in the USA , Poland or Mexico , it is of the same high quality standard . On-going engineering evaluations and audits of our facilities ensure this.We do have a limited number of suppliers in China who manufacture some low volume fuel and air filters for us . These suppliers are monitored and audited on a regular basis to ensure the quality is acceptable to put the WIX name on it . Strict engineering testing in Gastonia and additional receiving inspection at the distribution centers are also in place.You can be assured that any filter with the WIX name of it meets the high quality standards our customers are accustomed to.Thanks for your business !
 This is the second set of the EBC Redstuff Brake pads I have owned and have been extreamly happy with the stopping power and the minimal break dust .
 I paired these up with some good ceramic pads and my truck feels like new again . You ca n't beat the price either !
 The keyless entry fob is the best thing ever . Replacing them , however , is a pain . I bought two used from eBay for $ 10 each , but had to have them reprogrammed with Tech II by my local Saab guy . They hit me for an hour of labor , over $ 100 .
 Works well , able to use it to recharge my computer and work on the charger . Remember to keep the car running otherwise drains the battery flat in about two hours.The additional 12v outlet is a boon and useful to connect other devices.The dealer took over three weeks to deliver it though they promised 5 day shipping and told us the item was in stock when ordered .
 Price was very good compared to local purchase available . Belt was good quality . Shipped fast in good packaging . Would recommend
 This Raider helmet bag is a basic no frills bag for keeping your helmet enclosed in a soft fleece lined enclosure -LRB- not heavily padded but adequate -RRB- . With two zippers and two grab handles it makes it easy to hang on to your helmet while you transport it . This is probably the least expensive bag out there and it does the basic job I bought it for . I store my helmet 10mo . per year in the original box . The box is too large , bulky , and hard to grab . But when I dig them out of storage to move them into service for snowmobiling , I need an easy way to grab them up and keep them secure enough to haul to the cabin for the riding season . This bag does just that at a bargain price . Being somewhat careful , I do n't need a hardshell or premium bag , just do n't want to spend the extra for that . Protecting against scratches and small bumps , this bag does it for me . Also , my helmet is a 3X BV2S , rather large and bulky . This bag is much larger , with room for gloves , extra shield , or whatever . It folds up reasonably small as well . A solid four star performance .
 I have several helmet bags ... this one is great for any size helmet and it fits as `` a liner '' in my saddle bags as well .
 a little loose for my suomy helmets . but at least there 's plenty of space left to put a spare visor also . wish it had pockets on the side for a ear plugs and what not -LRB- or helmet visor removal tool -RRB- . otehrwise , not bad value . not much padding but i 'm coming from a ogio bag too .
 An excellent product which could at least protect the helmet from any knocks against any object . It should have the shoulder strip to be carry easily .
 This helmet bag will definitely help to protect my helmet purchase for years to come ... It will keep the extra helmet I carry scratch free ...
 This is a good , cheap bag.Holds both Simpson and Bell helmets with some room to spare.Soft , sheep skin wo n't scratch helmet or visor.Large zipper handle.Not a ton of padding , but enough as long as you are not extremely rough on it.Does NOT have room for HANS device along with the helmet .
 Great inexpensive bag . Can get my helmet and several other items in this bag . Well built , good zippers , just what I needed .
 No matter the size of the helmet will fit perfectly safe , can be folded nicely so it fit almost anywhere . The interior is very smooth to prevent injury . Very good product
 I bought this for my dad who has an extra large helmet and always had trouble getting helmet bags . There is a TON of extra room and is nice and soft inside . Works great for storage .
 I saw the same product elsewhere for $ 10 more . The lining is nice and the zipper is sewn in a fashion that wo n't scratch the face shield of my helmet .
 This bag was exactly what I needed . It comfortably holds my full face helmet with room to spare for gloves and glasses . I use it when the weather cools down in Michigan and I take my helmet into work with me . Is also great for warm season storage . I expect my helmet to look new for years .
 There are two zippers on this bag , so it gives you the option of having the zippers stored near the top of the bag or off to the side . This is a great helmet bag for the cheap price ; you get what you paid for . Even though the bag doesnt seem too durable itself , as long as it doesnt take too much contact it should last . The inside is a sort of white fluffy cotton style lining . However , if you want an extremely durable bag look somewhere else ...
 Bought it for Fulmer open face helmet . Looks good although I wish it came in 3 sizes - for full face , open face and half helmet . Reasonably priced too
 I have several different bags BUT this is the best one yet . I now have four bags for each of my helmets and use them to rotate between winter and summer helmets . Easy to use and zippers are fast and non-stick . You never have to worry about scratchs on helmet surface with the extra thick fleece padding . Great item .
 This is an excellent padded helmet bag , and worthy of any expensive full-face helmet . My RF-1000 has never been this safe . It is big enough to fit virtually any lid out there . This is a great deal compared to others I 've seen ... Great job Amazon !
 This helmet bag is the bomb ! I have ordered two of these and will be ordering another soon . The bag is soft inside and provides great protection . The bag is large enough to store my neck gaiter and gloves along with my helmet . The zipper is sturdy and smooth . The carrying handles make it easily to carry with you . The bag folds up small for storage in your saddlebag . The price is right too !
 Its a cheap bag , but for what you pay , you get a great value . There are much better looking/feeling bags out there . But if you do n't care what it looks like , and just need a bag to protect your helmet , this is it . It smelled a little weird when I first got it , kinda like walking into Harbor Freight , but after a couple days , its been just fine . I have a XXL helmet , and there is still room in there for gloves and my other shield .
 I bought this to store my helmet instead of keeping it in the box it came in.When it arrived it was bigger than I though but this turned out to be an advantage as I can store not only my helmet , but both my summer and winter gloves , glove liners and next protector , and it looks good enough that my wife does n't mind it sitting in the dining room .
 Nothing fancy , but a very nice bag for the money ! Lightweight nylon exterior and a soft fleece lining , but not much padding . Folds up easy when not in use , and there 's room to store gloves and light jacket or other small items w / the helmet . Fits full size MX helmet w / visor .
 Five stars not because it is the most deluxe or versatile bag out there , but because is does a simple thing very well
 Its a bag . It holds my helmet . Its hard to get this product wrong . Nice fluffy lining and a zipper that works . Its large enough to hold even the biggest MX helmets . Great product for the money .
 This bag is simple and what I needed . Has a solid nylon shell , and a sherpa lining . Two handles on the top . Nice and simple at a good price . I bought two and I 'm going to buy a third .
 Big enough to fit a helmet with a snowcross-type visor , and it 's padded well . The fabric seems a tad `` light weight '' but unless you 're packing the bag across the country and back , it should be more than sufficient . Mine is used only for off season storage .
 This is a great lined bag for my helmet ! Fits great and has a soft lining and handles .
 I store my helmets in the trunk of my goldwing and noticed my passenger helmet was being scratched up while riding in the trunk . At first I laid a blanket in there to cushion it . While that helped , it was always in the way . I purchased two of these bags , which work very well . when the helmets are in use they fold up and the space can be used to carry other items .
 This bag keeps my helmet nice and protected - the lining is soft & thick - and the handle makes it simple to carry around with me.I am able to keep my helmet , 2 pairs of gloves -LRB- fingerless & regular -RRB- , 2 pairs of wrist/arm warmers -LRB- thick & thin -RRB- , my Balaclava head warmer hood with dickie , and a turtleneck in the bag with no problems . I also sometimes keep other smaller items in there that I do n't want to carry in my pocket or leave on my bike , like coin carrier for parking , wallet , sunglasses , etc.Well worth the cost - I recommend it .
 Bag is big enough for hemet gloves and a sweater . Quality is appropriate for the price .
 I use the bag for a large full-face helmet -LRB- quad riding -RRB- . It fits perfectly in the bag . It has a soft lining inside so it does n't get scratched . My helmet came with a cloth sleeve . I still put the helmet in the sleeve then place it inside the Raider bag and zip it up . There are no extra pockets on the Raider bag but this is not a problem for me . I store my goggles and gloves inside the helmet . There is really no room in the bag for anything else . Although I store my helmet in the bag at all times -LRB- when I 'm actually not using it -RRB- , I only `` used '' the bag on one outting . I have not owned it long enough to comment on long-term normal wear and tear . But so far it appears durable and meets my needs and expectations .
 I 'm an adult , weekend , beginner dirt bike rider that rides around trails with my kids . I needed a pair of inexpensive goggles that would fit comfortably over my MX helmet and protect my eyes from dust and debris . WOW - these goggles are perfect . I purchased two pairs of cheap goggles off ebay for my kids . They always fog up and are not very good . I even purchased some anti-fog spray from Amazon to spray on and they still fogged up.To my surprise , these Raider MX goggles did not fog up one time during a 4 hour ride . No spit , No anti-fog spray , no constant wiping . Just wear and go . Wow . So I gave these to my son and now I need another pair for myself.Longevity will be the issue with these goggles . The lenses will probably scratch easily . But the price is right and I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 I bought this for my son to protect his eyes while riding his go kart . It does what it suppose to do . Protect the eyes . These are not tinted .
 Bought these for riding a quad during elk hunt . They worked great , never fogged , and were crystal clear . I would buy again , great price .
 Purchased to keep the cold air out of my eyes while riding my motorcycle during winter months . Works beautifully . Got a pair for the wife who frequently rides with me .
 No fog , sturdy , well vented and constructed . Couldnt be happier w/em . Im glad I didnt pay more for a bigger name brand , these do it all .
 Good googles to protect eyes during Burning Man at night . Cheap but effective . Only wore them in the evening/night during dust storms -LRB- since they are clear , during the day you would be blind from brightness -RRB- and they also helped keep my face warm during those chilly times . Never wore them during the hot days so I ca n't comment on if they fog up or are hot . They were pretty comfy , but I was n't wearing them for long periods . Only for an hour here and there .
 was a birthday gift for my son you made it possiable for me to afford to get him what he wanted and needed and its beautiful thank you merry christmas and a happy new year
 Very comfortable and just as good as the more expensive goggles I have used . They keep the dust out and do n't fog up on gravel , dusty ATV trails . Very good for the occasional branch sticking out onto the trails while traveling at 20-35 miles per hour .
 these are a good sturdy goggle ... . they dont fog over and resist scratching well ...
 I purchased these because of the reasonable price . Used them on my first trip to the desert riding quads and they were absolutely perfect .
 I got these for skiing and they work ok , but my glasses would fog up behind the goggles . But the people without glasses said they worked great .
 These are n't the best goggles in the world , but you get what you pay for , and for this price , these goggles are definitely worth it
 great item , very well made , fits well in your head ... ... ... ... ... . . ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 Just ordered yesterday does anyone know if the fit over glasses glasses am going to use them for airsoft . I 'm sure they will be great
 Can see perfectly , does not fog up and great for action . It 's nice , comfortable , and fits to almost any size . Recommend it for beginners .
 These goggles are pretty good for the price . I needed a new set while short on cash and so far I have n't had any issues . The lens is made out of a very flexible plastic which allows you to bend them however you want . They have a strong plastic smell to them , but it 's not really noticeable while riding .
 I am , generally speaking , an adherent to the `` get what you pay for '' frame of mind.I felt it was a bit of a gamble to buy these goggles , but for the price -LRB- I paid $ 9.99 , through Amazon , from Northern Tool -RRB- it was n't much of a gamble.I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of these goggles.They 're not * quite * as good as say , Scott goggles , but they 're very close to that in terms of quality.They do n't fog up , the lenses are nice and clear , and the ventilation system works well at keeping out dirt/debris . All in all , would highly recommend .
 Loving the wilderness , although not much is left to enjoy after the Commiefornia government has banned access to most of it , I often find myself in situations where the weather becomes quite extreme . Therefore , I felt that it would be a good idea to have a pair of small , lightweight goggles in my backpack for when the snow or sand blow into my eyes . I 've only had a chance to need them once , and they worked great . They 're also nice because they are n't huge as are so many MX and skiing googles . They 're the perfect size . I might have a big nose that creates a rather large gap between the googles and my face ... but with the gap , I 'll certainly never have a fogging problem . In any case , without the gap , they would have been rated five stars for sure . For the price , they just ca n't be beat !
 It 's true . I wore these babies last time I went out on my gnarly skateboard . As I flipped over that bad-grass half-pipe , a huge roach like just kinda flew down and smacked me upside the head . If I had n't been sporting these mucho sassy glasses , dude my eyes woulda like just popped right outta my head , or something . Then a clump of like pure 100 % California topsoil came spinnin up at me from the ground . Dude I radically flipped over my ` board but that clod of hot earth just kept on coming . If I had n't been wearing my MX Go-Kart Goggles that topsoil would have shredded my eyes like so much Mr. Chans crispy Peking Duck . Then , like , whatever , I stale-fished my gnarly ` board over the double-dutch twisted snake incline , and nearly got whupped real good by a twister . In that twister was a flying house , just like off of that gnarly Wizard of Oz movie ! That 's a crazy , mixed-up foreign object , huh ? My my radical MX Go-Kart Goggles stopped that Texan tornado getting medieval on my grass and boy oh boy when that house came crashing down on that wicked old witch there was no way on this Earth , no sir , that any of those splinters were getting into my eyes . Woo-ee ! Like , gnarly goggles , dude.Fantastic addition to any skateboarder 's wardrobe . Top marks !
 Easy install , made a huge difference , 97 ford ranger 4x4 4.0 single cab , works great and makes the ride alot better and took alot of body roll out of the truck .
 I just have to say , here is another reason that I am soooooo glad Amazon offers automotive repair parts . Great prices too . Thanks .
 So far this fuel pump is still running strong for the last 4 months , I was surprised to find the actually OEM Fuel Pump on Amazon and at the price I got it for . It was cheaper to purchase on Amazon than the local parts store.All in all the fuel pump works good , good price , what else can I say .
 This was a great buy almost to good to be true a lot cheaper than any where else I could find I installed works great I would recommend buying if ever needing one . Thanks
 Cheapest one around and great to get the original . If you are getting a lean bank 1 and or 2 codes , check your fuel pressure first . Stock GM Trucks should be between 55 and 62 psi under load . Mine was at 45 psi . Do n't forget to replace your fuel filter with an AC DELCO and the trim ring for the fuel pump -LRB- it 's under 4 bucks -RRB- . Most importantly , I would empty all the remaining gasoline out of the tank and get someone with thin arms to reach into the tank and clean out any debris as this is main reason why you have a clogged fuel filter resulting in a bad pump . If you do n't do this step , you might end up doing this again real soon . Do not use vacuum or compressed air as you are messing with fuel and you do n't want to create a static charge .
 Best $ 100 dollars I ever saved ... you know ... I got ta write more words before they will accept it as a review ... damn ... one more word required ...
 My dealer wanted almost $ 600 for this piece and $ 900 to install it . I found a local shop to do the installation for $ 250 and got this for $ 150 . Amazon is my new go to source for automotive parts ! Unit was installed 6 months ago and has worked fine the whole time , it is the same OEM part that was on the car originally .
 I shopped around for an entire afternoon looking for a fuel pump for a dead 2001 GMC Yukon . The AFTERMARKET pumps were in the $ 250 + range and this same pump was almost $ 300 at O'Reilly 's . You wo n't find a better deal , and its the OEM pump ! Next cheapest were Rockauto and Partsgeek.com .
 Could n't find an OEM replacement fuel pump for my 2000 Tahoe cheaper anywhere else . Amazon is the best ! My local O'Reillys wanted $ 100 more and had to order it . For those of you who are wondering this is a complete sending unit and fuel pump . For the last 4-5 years I had the typical sending unit error where your gas gauge never works right and your low fuel indicator goes on even when you have a full tank . If you have this problem you know what I 'm talking about . It is a common issue in many of the 2000 's Chevy Trucks . I just dealt with it , since I did n't want to drop my entire gas tank just to fix the issue . Chevy should have recalled the OEM fuel pumps there were so many with the problem . Anyway this will fix that too . My fuel pump finally died after 170K miles so I was forced to replace it . This pump fits tight when installing it in the tank compared to the original , but it is the right one ! I replaced it about 2 weeks ago and its runs perfect and now my gas gauge works great , it 's weird knowing exactly how much gas I have in my tank now lol !
 Love this part . Its solid metal well built . No problems during installation , everything fit perfectly.My truck is 97 Chevy C1500 rear wheel drive .
 The magnet on this thing is AMAZING ! If this plug does n't catch the metal it 's not there . I looked at all the cheaper brands and went with the Gold Plug . It 's a little more expensive but it 's a one time investment in your engine and cheaper is seldom better .
 I chose Wix filter because this company creates high quality products . Yes , it may be a name you have not heard before , but Wix is much better then those other well known names , like Fram , Purolator , etc. . I used Fram for years , but after researching oil filters and what they put into them , I have changed to Wix for good . At my last job , we tuned up semis and used nothing but Wix products in them . If they can last up to a million miles on Wix products then they must be good . Wix auto products are # 1 with my automobiles and should be with yours .
 I found out I needed the actuator very good price easy install fast shiping and now I have heat in my jeep
 I purchased this door actuator to replace one on my 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited Ed . This actuator is very solidly built , way better design and functions so much smoother than the original Mopar part . To make things better , it 's even way cheaper than the original ! Very simple to install with very straightforward instructions included in the product box . Additionally , often times when the original part breaks it breaks at the plastic sleeve that slips over the door arm because Mopar made it so thin . However , Dorman took this into consideration and reinforced this area very well , with a much thicker , much harder plastic . I would recommend this to both family and friends alike . I could n't ask for a better product !
 Bought two of these actuators to replace the two unreachable ones in my 2002 Grand Cherokee when I replaced my heater core . They fit perfectly . And the round white shaft connector has been much improved over the stock OEM model.On the stock units , this white shaft connecter splits after several years . On these units about half of the connector is surrounded by part of the black plastic case material . This does n't affect the mounting of the unit but it should ensure that the connector will not split.HOWEVER , be warned that the wiring connector appears to be wired backwards and these actuators rotate in the WRONG DIRECTION compared to the stock units ! Of course I did n't find this out until after I completely reassembled the entire dashboard . I first noticed it after resetting the automatic zone control unit to clear the previous error codes . It seemed like I had recirculated air when the recirculate light was off and fresh air when the light was on . And then I found the passenger side produced cold air with the temperature set to high and hot air when it was set to low . Funny how everything was fine except the functions controlled by the two new actuators.After pondering the problem for a few minutes , I quickly resolved the issue by removing the AZC connector from the bottom of the HVAC unit and swapping the two wires for each of these actuators . This allows them to rotate in the proper direction and everything works as it should now . Hopefully these will never need to be replaced again .
 This replacement actuator fit better and seems to be more durable than the original 2003 Jeep Grand Cherokee heater door actuator . It took less than 5 minutes to install .
 GOOD SERVICE , AND GOOD PRICE , BUT BE AWARE THAT THIS ITEM IS NOT FOR MANUAL TEMPERATURE CONTROL UNITS . APPARENTLY , DORMAN DOES NOT MAKE A UNIT FOR MANUAL TEMPERATURE CONTROL UNITS .
 Bought this gasket as replacement for my Mitsubishi Montero Sport since I was doing the spark plugs , wires and valve cover gaskets and the intake manifold is in the way on these vehicles . It appears to do the job just fine and it looks identical to the OEM gaskets that I was replacing on this truck . I fixed a lot of little things when I was working this truck so I do n't know what fixed my vacuum leak so I will at least partially attribute the repair of the vacuum leak to these gaskets .
 This helmet represents a very good purchase at the described price , and at the time of purchase , free shipping was also an extra gift . It is Bell-quality , which is exceptionally good , and it stands on Bell 's long-standing reputation within the motorcycle industry.If you are in the market for a quality motorcycle helmet , look at this one today !
 This is a great kit and works well ca n't beat the price either ! Easy to put in if you have a press .
 Fit my durango box . No issues with quality , most likely you will have to over torque to seat it properly .
 I purchased this in conjunction with the Omix-Ada 18205.02 Track Bar to reinstall the rear track bar on my YJ Wrangler to pass inspection . It did its job perfectly by extending the mount upwards from the axle .
 This is the second one of these I 've ordered -LRB- one for each side -RRB- and the fit and finish is perfect . At a quarter the price of the motorcraft hubs with the same quality , you ca n't go wrong .
 Product is great if you need one buy it here . So far so good . We will be ordering more soon .
 The tube of the shaft of the adapter is about .22 '' thick and is about 1.99 '' across the flats . The side plates are about 1/16 '' thick . The ball mount is about '' thick . The ball mount hole is about 1.04 '' in diameter . The distance between the mounting pin on the shaft and the mounting pin hole for the hitch haul , are about 10 inches apart.For me , to make the `` best fit '' , I shortened the shaft about 4 inches and drilled a new mount pin hole 5 inches forward of the original hole on the shaft . I welded metal shims on the sides of the shaft to tighten up the fit of the shaft in my receiver . Since the item was usable but not the `` best fit '' , for my application without modification , I gave it 4 stars .
 I use this folding receiver bar on my motorhome to carry a cargo basket . Unfortunately it is about 3 inches too short to allow my cargo basket to fold up 90 degrees without touching the RV bumper . My RV hitch is slightly recessed under the RV 's bumper so when I attempt to fold the cargo basket it touches the bumper at about a 70 degree angle . This folding receiver bar needs to be about 3 '' to 4 '' longer . Multiple -LRB- 2 or more -RRB- lock pin holes would also be useful at the end of the bar used to secure the bar to the hitch to adjust the length of the bar protruding out from the hitch for various attachments , such as a cargo basket . Otherwise this is a durable and well built product .
 What can I say ? I had a custom application -LRB- 1100 SX-R Conversion -RRB- that required this item . I ordered it . I waited what seemed to be an eternity . I got it in.Not the right size , but quality was there . Hooray for Hooker !
 The local Lincoln-Mercury dealer wanted over $ 200 for these spark plug wires and `` installation '' . The set appeard to be OEM , correct for my vechicle as per search , as described , new in box , and quickly shipped . With little time , I dodged another dealer rip-off and saved QUITE a bit ! Way to go , AMAZON !
 Very high quality Tie Rod end . Installed very easily on a 2003 Dodge Dakota . Better than the OEM one that I replaced . Should last the rest of the life of the truck . Highly Recommended .
 Excellent TRW steel arm with quality bushings and ball joint . Did n't see any ` China ' stamps / labels / or other signs of that .
 These tires have been the longest lasting on my husbands motorcycle . 1 set am 41 / am 42 rear tire , will las a year before buying another set and he commutes 100 miles a day . These are the best bang for the buck . I will always buy Avon tires and have been for 5 yrs already .
 The best tires I 've ever tried ! Just wonder how Metzelers do , but by now , being these my first pair of Avons , I 'm really impressed on how they improve the handling of my Sabre .
 Product features states the belt as -LSB- Automotive -RSB- ; yet , it 's a Utility Belt in configuration . A belt of this type , being listed as automotive , would have been applicable prior to 1950 . It 's a High-Power II belt , part number B32 . Belt description says it 's a 21/32 inch X 35 inch . The belts manufacturing is outsourced and you will have to see the belt for country of origin . The belt shipped was made in Mexico.I 'm hoping for years of service despite not being made in USA like the one I replaced .
 The cables are great , however there is an error with the listing information . Amazon says the connectors are gold plated , however there was no gold plating on the cables I received .
 First review for this ! I bought this for a 2000 2.4 L Toyota Tacoma and fit nicely . Never heard of this brand but so far it has been working with no problems .
 I am so happy with the keyless entry clicker . My husband 's old one stopped working so I got this for him as a gift . I was worried that it would be hard to program , but we were pleasantly surprised that it was super easy ! All of the programming information was included , as promised . I would recommend this to anyone with a lost or worn-out clicker .
 After finding out that the Subaru dealer was going to charge me $ 400 to replace my front pads I ordered these for my WRX and am very impressed for the price . They did squeak a bit after install -LRB- Expected -RRB- , but it has reduced 95 % now . -LRB- They barely squeak when I lightly apply breaks , not enough to bother me -RRB- There are very easy to install and can be done in an hour or 2 . NOTE
 This is not the first time I 've bought the Red Stuff pads , and they 're amazing . Brakes MUCH better than the OEM pads . I 'm also using the EBC Brake Rotors .
 Product met the required standards for the TEVES Brake Power assistance system ; this product made in Belgium and packaged in a ACDelco box .
 No problem using this actuator for the blend door located under the center dash . Read directions that come in the box . Disconnect the battery , swap the new actuator for the old one , reconnect the battery . When you turn on the car the HVAC system calibrates the actuator to blend the hot/cold correctly .
 After doing a small 2 '' lift to my Wife 's Jeep Cherokee . I installed this track bar bracket to bring the front track back to near stock alignment without having to by an much more expensive adjustable track bar . Made very strong , worth the price I believe .
 I installed a Rubicon Express 3.5 '' lift on my Cherokee -LRB- really about a 4.25 '' lift over stock -RRB- and needed to re-center my track bar . The instructions that came with my lift kit said to re-drill the track bar mounting hole on the axle side bracket .5 '' over , but I did n't like that idea . Some Jeeps may be different , but on mine this would have left very little material actually supporting the load of the track bar , which has a rather important job of keeping the axle centered under the vehicle . I opted to install one of these Skyjacker brackets instead , and it worked as intended to re-center my track bar . On a higher lift like mine a better option would be an aftermarket track bar , ideally with a double shear bracket , for more strength and to allow more axle articulation - but this is working fine until I can afford the upgrade . For lifts under 3 '' I think it would be just fine .
 great if all you need is one spark plug wire so you do n't need to spend another 80 bucks on all 8 again.what else is there to say ? typical stellar MSD quality !
 This mount is TOUGH ! I had bought and installed 5 , yes FIVE , OEM transmission mounts in my WS6 only to rip each one of them apart with two months max . To make matters worse , I just bought Corvette C6Z06 wheels for my Trans Am which put a good amount of extra grip on the road on those rear tires . The very first time I cut it loose with those new tires on there it ripped that stock type transmission mount completely in half and slammed the transmission into the underside of my car . I could quickly see this becoming a serious problem and got online to search for a high performance mount that would be able to take the kind of beating I was wanting to put it through . I found this item and from what I read it seemed promising ; solid urethane , and from the picture I could tell that the metal actually curved around the urethane in the middle which was something I had thought needed to be done for a long time to further improve the strength . So , I got the item within a few days and my fiance and I put it in the very same day -LRB- yes I AM lucky enough to have a woman who will get her hands dirty under my Trans Am with me ! -RRB- . Since I put in this mount I have put some serious abuse on that mount ! I powerslide at every opportunity , and take off spinning tires more often than not . With that much rubber on the road and frequently doing 4000 RPM clutch dumps with a high powered clutch -LRB- Centerforce all the way ! -RRB- there is a LOT expected from that one little piece between the transmission and the crossmember , but to this day it has done its duty without the slightest complaint , just sat there patiently day after day handling all the abuse I could dish out . I 'd say if you need a transmission mount that you just ca n't bust , go for this one !
 It 's perfect fit . This has more vibration than OE stock rubber due to the polyurethane material . If you do n't like vibration , I will recommend you to buy the OE rubber mount . Rubber mount will dampen vibration , but it would n't last longer than polyurethane .
 What can you say it was 13 $ cheaper than at the auto parts chains even with shipping and it works perfactly fine . Shipped quick and was just what I needed at a good price .
 Received the filter in manufacturer packaging . Consulted google and the Chilton manual to ensure proper removal and replacement of the existing filter with the new one . Went in with no problems and my minivan has had no issues . Photos of the filter prior to install have also been uploaded .
 Very tight fit over the filter , but I suppose thats how its going to go . Does a nice job of keeping Guam rain out of my filter !
 My son was very please with this item , They were exactly what I expected . the cost was average , shipping was prompt . I would order them again .
 The keyless entry remote fob clicker for my 2005 Chevy Tahoe worked perfectly . The programming example was easy to follow and I was clicking away unlocking and locking my doors again after 3 months of the old one dying.The shipment was received days before the shipping estimate also . You ca n't go wrong buying from these people .
 I used these to work on a set of motorcycle valves in very tight spaces . They are well made and up to the task . The handle makes the job that much easier .
 Only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is that I had to use a wrench to tighten the nut hard enough to keep it from sliding around . Other than that the bend was perfect for getting in the spots I needed to and the orange handle to hold was key !
 Product was ordered for performing tranny fluid change for my 2005 S600 . Perfect fit . Should fit all the 722.6 mercedes transmissions as well as the Chrysler NAG-1 pans as well .
 I have had the truck for 3 years and I could not get the airflow to the windshield from the floor to work . I read on line about the replacement part that Dorman makes and that it should solve this problem . Buying the aftermarket part vs. going through the dealer or the Chevy specialty parts company saved me a whole lot of money . AMAZON shipped it for free which made it even more economical and it arrived to Hawaii in under a week . The best part is that it fixed my problem ! I now can get heat to the floor and windshield and clear the windshield of moisture on humid days . Very pleased . Good deal all around and I was blown away that AMAZON even sells this part , otherwise I would have paid at least more than double for it .
 I 'm a baseball umpire and one time I had to ump a softball game and was bored silly . I am a new Rubgy fan and think it is such an interesting and wildly fun sport that this bumper sticker sums it up well ! Rugby is n't real well known in these parts so the sticker has good curiousity shock value . People are wondering how the heck I got to be a rugby fan !
 These fit great on my 95 mustang gt . They especially worked well fitting in the tight space that the aftermarket headers provide . I had the the ford racing wires one before these and they burnt up because of headers , no problem with these .
 If the piston and bore of your brakes are not too badly pitted , these will work . Used this kit on a 1972 SAAB Sonett that had been sitting since 1984 and , so far , no leaks . It all depends on the condition of the piston and bore .
 Purchased to replace the impeller on my Johnson 1986 15hp outboard . Was a good fit and is working fine in my outboard so far .
 I installed these pads with new factory wheel bearings and Brembo rotors . Runout was zero thousandths at the rotor . Followed the break-in procedure and then did some 60 , 40 , and 20 mph aggressive stops . The first 25 % percent of the pedal has OE feel . Once you get on it be prepared if you do n't have ABS . No noise when cold .
 Just what it said , Just what it saidit is what it is , it is what it is.need one get one
 I used it to hook up the new voltage regulator on my motorcycle . This connector is high quality and snaps together very well . The wiring is good quality too.What else ?
 Wish I knew of these sooner . These are the best connector I have ever used . and I cant say enough good things about buying them from Performance Plus Connection , they do business they way it should be done .
 Good solid part all the peices were there and I liked having the grease fitting included.I 'd recomend this product .
 Not the funnest job to replace ball joints . But this one fit and tightened up my steering nicely . Now I do n't have to wobble the wheel back and forth .
 These ball joints were a perfect fit for my 1997 Jeep Grand Cherokee . Replaced all four ball joints and all of the tie rods , and it handles like new .
 These are high quality ball joints . They greatly improved the steering on my '98 TJ . If you run big tires on your Jeep , you will probably have wore out ball joints within a year or two . I would definately buy these again . You will need a ball joint removal tool and the specail Jeep adapters to replace them . Spend the money a buy the better quality ball joint tools , the cheap ones do n't work very well .
 Glad I bought these . They look tough and are made to hold up . Just what the 1972 CJ needed !
 The dyno jet kit was exactly what I needed to fix the problem I was having after the new pipes were installed . The price was also very good .
 Wish I knew of these sooner . These are the best connector I have ever used . and I cant say enough good things about buying them from Performance Plus Connection , they do business they way it should be done .
 This electrical connection was an exact replacement for the connection that fell off my Johnny Bucket power shovel . I was only making an educated guess as to what I needed , but it fit perfectly.The deciding factor in most of my purchases from Amazon is their easy return policy . Most of the time I do n't have a problem returning an unwanted or damaged product , but when I do it is an extremely difficult process . BUT , with Amazon I have NEVER had a problem returning anything !!! Many times when I shop for a product and even if Amazon is a little higher in price , I almost always buy from Amazon .
 This caliper was more than I expected . I figured it only included the caliper and bolts/slides . But it came with everything needed except the pads and for a lot cheaper price than my local auto parts store . They sell just the caliper by itself for the same price as this complete set . Again this was more than expected and a great buy .
 excellent product at a good price ... ... . and working properly on my jeep cherokee 1998 ... . not that great ... . I received the same product ... . and photo in the promised time
 Wish I knew of these sooner . These are the best connector I have ever used . and I cant say enough good things about buying them from Performance Plus Connection , they do business they way it should be done .
 I had brembo pads installed before and little than I realize they left my rims so dirty with dust even days after I clean them . After I bought these new pads my car had a different attitude whenever I stare at it . They also performs as well as the original brembos and the price is as affordable . I will comeback to amazon for my next set and take advantage of the expedited shipping . A very satisfied customer . Thanks !
 Wish I knew of these sooner . These are the best connector I have ever used . and I cant say enough good things about buying them from Performance Plus Connection , they do business they way it should be done .
 Great parts at an great price . These connectors are durable ad are weather proof . Same kind as found under the hood of many cars . I was repairing an old motorcycle wiring harness . Perfect for my applications .
 OEM Standards which is what you want when you replace your plugs . Fits okay on my 99 Ford Taurus with a Vulcan engine . The wires are a tad longer on every one when compared to the stock wires , but i guess longer is better than shorter . I had to buy spark plug wire separators to run them out past my front bank headers where they almost touch my steering pump line , but they work fine . Picked up a few horses after replacing OEM plugs with over 100k on them and fresh IR Fusion plugs.Don ' t cheap out and buy auto part store branded spark plugs , its just not worth it , there are good aftermarket plug wires , but OEM is usually best for plug wires when just doing maintenance . Cheap plug wires will cause more problems than they are worth .
 I was having trouble getting grease into a couple of zirks on a 3 yr old Cub Cadet . The rejuvenator did the trick on the first try . I was very pleased . Get penetrating oil that pours instead of the spray , to save yourself some mess .
 I bought this to loosen up some frozen zirks . If you need it , you need it and this performs great . I have used it on about 6 zirks and I think the key to this is to be patient . I used pb blaster it seems to work better than wd 40 and let it soak , hitting it a couple times in about a week . It freed them up enough to take grease again . I used a 3lb hammer and really smacked it fairly hard and many many times , using a couple cylinders full of pb . It held up well , I would say to make sure you can get a straight shot on it as with any thing a glancing blow would probably bend it .
 This hitch is perfect for my quad . I pull both my trailers with it . It is very easy to install .
 Fits my ATV just fine and seems to be hefty enough for the tasks I do . Hauling wood , pulling logs out of the woods , pulling my 5x8 car trailer etc. . .
 I had bought this item so I could use my laptop in my car . It worked as good as expected with my MacBook Pro . The item was delivered quickly and I am very satisfied with it .
 Works well to charge the laptop battery in the car . Also allows the laptop to keep charging while in use . Work good on the socket below a plain seat .
 The lenmar inverter is small , compact and fits well in the glovebox when not in use . Simple plug in operation .
 just as nice as any on the market at a better price , charges up small tv takes time but works well
 my old seats were stolen when i had removed them for service -LRB- i have no idea who would want them -RRB- i ordered the used ones from this company , they arrived on time and in far better shape than i expected . the leather was even more supple than the old ones . i give it a 10out of 10
 Price was good but availability was the issue . MSD was out , Summitt was out , I was running a borrowed one for 2 weekends . Thanks for coming to the rescue !!
 If you are looking for a rotor that offers the best value , then look no further . I installed two of these on a 1999 Dodge Durango and was pleased with the quality and performance .
 I bought this filter for our old '85 Lazy Daze RV which has no computer to speak of -LRB- or that I 'm aware of anyway -RRB- and certainly no fuel injection -- old school carb . Anyway , I love the WIX products since many -LRB- if not all ? -RRB- are made here in the US and I 'd rather have something built locally than pay for something built by someone overseas . . Unfortunately my local auto parts stores carry very little WIX products -- only a few select oil filters . Since all or most of the Fram filters are made in China now , this was an easy decision to make here ! Anyway , this is just a filter and what 's to go wrong with it ? The price is reasonable and it works ! YMMV !
 Autometer normally makes very good gauges . This one is particularly well made . You have to pull a vacuum line all the way from your dashboard -LRB- or gauge pod -RRB- to your turbo which can be problematic . The vacuum line supplied with the gauge is a joke . It thin and would bent while you pull it . Or melt if it would be touching your engine . I have enclosed the line into a rubber tubing to keep it safe . You can grab such tubing in any Home Depot or OSH . Also I advise to use bigger diameter T-fitting for connecting to the turbo control valve . But when it 's all done and working you 'll be happy :--RRB- . Note that the is a flaw in some of the boost gauges . It can rattle -LRB- or shake -RRB- on low engine RPM . This is very annoying . I had to change a few of boost gauge until I found one which does not do this and keep steady though the whole RPM range .
 Very good air filter for an excellent price . I have seen a fuel mileage increase of 3-4 MPG with the use of this filter in my 99 Voyager -LRB- the old filter WAS pretty dirty however -RRB- so I 'm very happy with it . As far as I 'm concerned I believe it 's as good as a K&N .
 i bought this for my neon . i put it in and almost immediately i noticed a improvement . i get better gas mileage and seemed to kinda `` wake '' up my car ... all around dank in my opinion .
 FRAM Air Hog filters are great adds mpg without much work just change filter . Reusable so the little increase in price is less than the price of two good air filters . Just be sure to order cleaner and reoil kit at same time.EASY MPG UPGRADE !
 Was just what I had been looking for , fit like a glove . It does require oiling the filter but that is to be expected with a washable filter .
 I know it 's suppose to be a better filter . But I was totally surprised at how MUCH difference it immediately made ! The engine was significantly smoother , went thru the rpm 's with much more grace and the car was markedly faster using the same amount of throttle ! And the old stock air filter was still clean . And this filter costs far less than the K&N one . Needless to say I 'm keeping my Air Hog !
 The Air Hog performs as well or better than the K&N Filter in my Prowler and it is much cheaper in price .
 This product went in like a breeze and seems to be a quality auto part !
 I have used air hogs in several of my vehicles . They work great . And this one was cheaper than the crappy filters , so you ca n't go wrong .
 The filter is washable but after you wash it you need to coat it with Fram Air filter oil . The filter comes wrapped in plastic . I guess to protect the oil coating . It cost less than the paper filters at the automotive store . While I struggled with an stp filter , I had no problem installing this filter .
 These rotors arrived a day ahead of ETA , and were well packaged in individual boxes and inside bags . They were also pre lubricated . They are the same as the picture and are going in my 02 grand cherokee overland . I will give an update once I install them and inform of performance .1 / 18/13 - I finally installed the rotors a few days ago and they work great , no noise . I also replaced the brake pads with high quality ones . the braking is smooth , and quiet ! definitely recommend !
 Dropped right in as per the OEM that was removed . I saved a bundle DIY'ing and time as well , instead of going to dealer or a shop . FYI invest in the shop manual , you can find this in back of your owners manual or just check with dealer . Been ysing this company for the past 30 yrs with no complaints , fair pricing to .
 I bought this part because I needed a new ball joint it is a very well built product I was impressed especially after hearing the reputation of MOOG products . I was not disappointed with the company I bought it from either , quick prompt delivery .
 The ball joint comes with everything needed and is a good quality . The rubber boot is thick and pliable as it should not rip and the bolts come with metal lock nuts not nylon . Its also about 1/2 the price of a brick and mortar store .
 Simply the best parts you can buy . Even my mechanic was impressed when he looked under the car and saw what I had installed . These guys see people go as cheap as possible all the time , and they know how crappy many of these bargain basement parts are , and how much quicker they need to be replaced . Moog means you actually care about what you 're working on .
 Moog K5335 Lower Ball JointUnparallelled MOOG quality that I have relied on for years , When I need suspension parts I do n't look any farther than MOOG . I 've tried other brands only to be very disappointed some were no better than the parts I removed.Buy with confidenceRagenRat
 Saddlebags worked great . Everything was as stated . Shipped Promptly . Had to make custom brackets due to passenger back rest . No brackets or attachments were included with saddlebags .
 This is acting as a maintainer on my stored vehicles 8 year old original battery . If it makes it through the winter and does some sulpher remediation as it claims to , it will be worth the money . So it remains to be seen , in the spring of 2013 , when my Z car comes out of hibernation .
 great for the battery . use it for standby generator and car that is not used much . Car battery almost 7 years old now
 I am planning to use this charger to service a half dozen 12 volt deep cycle batteries that I use for about 3-4 months each year . After it charges a battery in a day or two and goes into the battery maintenance cycle for 3 days I move it to the next battery then the next and so on . So I am actually maintaining 6 batteries . I am nearly thru the first round - so far so good . I will learn in a bit how doable this is . I have the batteries lined up in a well ventilated area with the charger remotely located so it is but a matter of moments to change from one battery to the next . If as advertised I can lengthen the batteries ' usefulness by three to four fold with this procedure , for pennies a month , it will be one of the best investments I have made .
 I stored my car last year without a battery maintainer and my battery died even in a heated garage . In order to avoid the same issues this year I did some research on a few products based on personal and website reviews and decided to with go the BatteryMinder ... I was n't disappointed . Once the battery is charged to 14 volts the BatteryMinder can be swtiched to maintain by a push of button , maintenance does n't get much easier or carefree . The only reason I gave it a 4 instead of 5 is because the instructions to use are not very detailed .
 I bought a 72 month battery in 2002 for our minivan . The van sits some weeks and I keep the BatteryMinder hooked up . Unbelievably here in November 2012 the battery still works fine ; when we want the van we just unhook this charger and go . I have never gotten 10 years of reliable service on a 6 year battery before . I was afraid that the desulfation was `` snake-oil '' but it really does seem to work !
 I 've purchased a number of these charger/maintainers now and have no weak batteries on any of my vehicles . Strong starts , even with extended periods of storage . It even appears to do what the manufacturer claims and re-conditions the battery ; one vehicle 's battery had a dark indicator ` eye ' when first connected to it , and that indicator ` eye ' now shows green.The included quick-disconnect fittings are very handy , and -LRB- once properly connected -RRB- obviously keep you from cross-connecting the charger to the battery . But the ring terminals of the quick-disconnect fitting are sometimes too small to fit over the bolts in the battery terminals , so a Dremel tool is a useful thing to have to wallow out the ring terminal holes . And for side-post batteries , one really needs to purchase two-pole battery bolts -LRB- i.e. , bolts that replace the original terminal bolts , and have an additional , smaller terminal with a securing nut , designed to accept ring terminals , on the opposite end -RRB- , as installation of these ring terminals underneath the battery connection cables could prevent good contact of the cable leads with the battery terminals .
 I have other BatteryMinders that I use on my boat and chipper-shredder , they never fail me . I finally broke down and got another for a tractor . If find this product to be excellent in quality and I would recommend them to anyone who needs a maintainer . I know you can get a cheaper type - but I found I get what I paid for ... it was only a few more bucks - but world of difference .
 Ive used it only a couple times but it charges nice and it mamtains very nice . Although My battery is no good . It wont hold the charge for very long . I did notice the battery has to be above 11 volts or so before it will charge .
 Seems to be working exactly as advertised . It appears that it will really extend the life of my batteries . Worth the money .
 good product ; it does the job wellit 's a good device to have around the houseit 's cheaper on amazon versus other places
 ... if you own deep cycle batteries . I bought one of these in 2001 as an experiment to desulphate eight 6 volt 225 amp hour deep cycle batteries . The RV park where we were staying used them in their golf carts . They were going to throw 6 Trojan 225 ah batteries in the dumpster . These batteries were in bad shape as evidenced by the constant 6 amps being drawn after being hooked up to their `` super '' charger for many hours . Essentially , these batteries were so sulphated that they would not accept any more charge . With many chargers the charge current will drop to `` 0 '' as battery resistance increases when fully charged.I mentioned tossing the batteries in the dumpster might be illegal . If they let me have them to do some tests and possibly recover them , I would dispose of them properly if I had no luck . I had just installed a solar panel system with a 2500 watt inverter on my 5th wheel and had only 1 pair of golf cart batteries that was already at least 2 years old . I needed more reserve battery power and calculated that I would need at least 6 of these batteries for the inverter to be of any real use to me . When using batteries in this manner , it is best to use batteries that are in similar condition and ideally from the same lot . Six new batteries were going to cost about $ 520 with tax.I got them back to my rig and baselined the charge they would accept on my 10 amp charger . Indeed , they were not accepting any more charge . I paired these old batteries in series to get four 12 volt configurations and spent the next 4 weeks -LRB- 1 week per pair -RRB- on this desulphator . I continued this process until my charger 's ammeter would go to zero when the batteries were full , an indication that they were now in good shape . Ultimately , 2 of the batteries would prove to be unrecoverable , but the other 4 plus the 2 I already owned eventually recovered about 90 % of their original amp hour capacity based on some standard tests I ran.My inverter , combined with these recovered batteries , would run my 15,000 BTU air conditioner for nearly an hour , more than enough time to cool our 5th wheel while preparing and consuming lunch in 106 temps in Ca . deserts . The batteries would be nearly fully recharged by the solar panels and charge line from the tow vehicle by the time we reached our destination for the evening . With loving maintenance and care , they had lasted another 5 years providing countless hours of dry camping service ! Finally , in 2006 , I replaced them with new ones before an extended camping trip.This charger/desulphator requires 115 vac and a minimum of 11 volts in the battery before you connect to it . So , if your battery is dead , be sure to bring it up the 11 volt minimum before hooking the unit up or it could overheat and be ruined . Also , most of the cheaper old style battery chargers do n't have any voltage regulation . Consequently , the voltage these chargers supply to a fully charged battery can exceed well over 14 volts and will eventually `` cook '' the electrolyte out if you leave them hooked up . They can also overheat the battery , permanently damaging the thinner plate structure of automotive -LRB- starting batteries -RRB- . The VDC model I bought in 2001 can be left on to maintain the charge in lead acid batteries . Check your operator instructions to be sure.Shortly after recovering these batteries , I bought another desulphator from an Arizona solar supplier capable of desulphating a 1600 a/h battery bank that operates only off of the battery bank . This constant desulphating process along with proper battery maintenance is probably what helped sustain these batteries for an additonal 5 years . In the absence of a desulphator , deep cycle batteries should be `` equalized '' . The interval depends on usage . I was doing it monthly . The equalization process requires a special charger and can be hard on batteries . Desulphation performs a similar function without the harshness of equalization . Desulphation plus judicial use of equalization can extract maximum life out of your deep cycle batteries . I would n't be without either one of these desulphators or a 3 or 4 stage battery charger.A final note
 Excellent Product ; does what it 's advertised to do . Comes with lugs/rings and alligator -LRB- battery -RRB- clamps and a long cord . Works like a cell phone charger , just connect it & plug it in . WILL NOT WORK ON A COMPLETELY DEAD BATTERY !! -LRB- If the battery is dead , use your bulk charger to boost it for a couple of hours and then connect the maintainer . -RRB- Once the maintainer reaches full charge , it goes into conditioner mode -LRB- green flashing light -RRB- which is desulphating the battery , exentending its life . Worth the $ $ $ . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is something that any guy with a garage and a car should have ... especially if you have more than one car . I was more than impressed with this little desulphator/charger 's ability to revive a battery that would have otherwise been junked . I have an e34M5 that is notorious for slowly killing batteries . After the battery was dead for over a month , I charged with my `` big '' battery charger as this can not help batteries that are on the brink of death without being charged with a larger charger , then I put this on it for two weeks and it was nothing short of a miracle.If you have a car that sits for long periods , you should get one of these little fellas .
 I purchased the Battery Minder Plus to restore my boat battery . I am an electronics engineer and had researched what happens to a lead acid battery that causes it to loose its capacity . Though there are other causes , the most common one is sulphation , a coating that forms on the lead plates that is non-conductive reducing their ability to conduct electricity . My battery was so bad that even after many hours of charging on my charger 's highest setting , it could n't hold enough charge to operate the radio , much less engage the starter . I ordered the Battery Minder Plus -LRB- at roughly half the price of a new battery -RRB- . It arrived this past Monday evening . Five days ago . Before I could begin charging , I had to force the Battery Minder into `` Maintenance Mode '' to start de-sulphating it . Basically zapping the battery with pulses of power that forces the sulphate to disolve . Eventually the battery began to take and hold a charge . This morning I was able to easily start the boat with only the battery . I 'm very impressed . Very happy with the product . The manual that comes with it is a bit disorganized and quite redundant but most of the information you need is in there .
 Keeps battery charged & conditioned , ready to go . Using it on snowmobile & utility tractor . Just what I was looking for . Appears to be sturdy with strong clips . Easy to use , all automatic .
 I had a battery that the local parts store said was bad on their conductance tester , so I hooked it up to this little wonder.First it started in charge mode then I checked an hour later and it was in desulfation mode . I took it back to the parts storethe next day -LRB- about 12 hours later -RRB- and he said he did n't understand it but now it was testing GOOD.Needless to say I bought a second and am seriously thinking about a third and fourth one since I have a farm with lots of different batteries.Well , now I have a THIRD one . . They are amazing !!!!!!
 I purchased this unit to help keep my numerous , small batteries charged through the winter . It seems to have done that job . I also bought a cheaper unit from a supplier of Schauer chargers . Trying to keep from getting too technical , the basic principal behind desulfacation is to send high voltage pulses to the battery . Using an oscilloscope , I found that the Schauer unit produces a small `` wave '' . Whereas the BatteryMINDer produces a sharper pulse . Both units seem to produce their desulfacation pulses at the same frequency and at the same amplitude . The BatteryMINDer also has a button to allow you to put the unit into its desulphator mode if you do n't want to wait for it to do it automatically . Both seem to use the same manufacturer for the leads . I do n't know which is actually better , so you 'll have to make your own mind up .
 I have one of each of these battery maintainers . Both of these can be connected to a battery indefinitely without boiling it dry . Both come with a set of battery clips and a set of fuse-protected ring terminals for permanent installation . Both have reverse polarity protection -LRB- hook them up to the wrong terminals , and nothing happens -RRB- . The Ctek US 800 has a power cord ; the BatteryMINDer 12117 plugs directly into a socket . The BatteryMINDer has a button that allows you to select maintenance mode ; the Ctek has no buttons.Some reviewers say the Ctek gets very hot ; it does . The BatteryMINDer gets equally hot , and is always hot when plugged in , whether it is in the charging phase or maintenance phase . When the Ctek is in maintenance phase , it is only warm.The BatteryMINDer 12117 manual states that it desulphates in all modes . One reviewer stated the Ctek also continually desulphates , but the Ctek manual mentions desulphation only in the first stage of battery charging . It could be continuous , but an oscilloscope would be necessary to test that , and I do not have one.The BatteryMINDer 12117 charges a battery to about 14.1 volts ; the Ctek , 14.4 . After the initial charge , both go into maintenance mode . The BatteryMINDer allows the battery to drop to 13.4 volts and then keeps it there exactly . The Ctek allows the voltage to drop to about 12.95 volts , gives it a pulse up to 13.05 volts , lets it drop to 12.95 volts , gives it a pulse up to 13.05 volts , etc. . If the battery being charged by the BatteryMINDer does not get up to 14.1 volts , it will not switch into maintenance mode . If it does not switch within three days , the instructions state you should manually select that with the button . The Ctek will automatically go into maintenance mode after 18 hours , if the battery has not already reached 14.4 volts and changed over.The BatteryMINDer maintainer will eventually drain your battery -LRB- in about a week -RRB- if it is connected and the power goes off or it is accidentally unplugged , etc. . The Ctek draws less than 1mA -LRB- an insignificant amount -RRB- in this scenario.The Ctek unit is weatherproof with very weatherproof , molded-on connectors . Because the connectors are unique and no extension is available , the only way to increase the distance between the main unit and the battery you are charging is to cut the wire and splice in more . This can be avoided by mounting the charger in a vehicle 's engine compartment and using an extension cord , but my engine compartment is so crowded I chose not to do this.The BatteryMINDer is not weatherproof -LRB- they offer a more expensive unitBatteryMINDer 12 Volt OnBoard Battery Restorer/Conditioner - Model # OBD-12 that is weatherproof -RRB- . The connectors are molded-on and weatherproof , but they do not seal out the elements as well as the Ctek ones . BatteryMINDer also does not offer an extension , but I purchased a BatteryTender extensionBattery Tender 081-0148-25 25 ' Quick Disconnect Extension Cable that works perfectly.The Ctek will push a maximum of 0.8 A at 12 volts , while the BatteryMINDer is 1A at 12 volts -LRB- 1.3 A is what it delivers when a battery is at about 10.5 volts -RRB- , making the BatteryMINDer a little faster.At the time I am writing this , the BatteryMINDer is about $ 8.50 more than the Ctek.I have given both of these five stars , and I have no preference between the two .
 I love this product . I bought this originally for my father for Christmas last year . After reviewing , I thought I needed one too . The battery in my John Deere lawn mower was starting to loose its charge and I was getting the clicking sound from the starter . Having attached the BatteryMinder to the batter all winter long , the batter was like new again some spring . The battery lasted all year with one minor incident where I got the clicking sound again . A couple of nights hooked up to my BatteryMinder and all was good again.This year I 'm asking for another one of these for Christmas . I want one hooked up to the lawn mower again while the other is hooked up to the car . I hook up one of these every night to one of our two cars . I 'd rather extend the life of a battery I already have than purchase another one . Just another way to be `` green '' . : -RRB- I already feel that this unit has paid for itself . A wonderful product !
 There are lots of detailed reviews on this at Northern Tool . It 's much loved by nearly everyone . It restores hopeless batteries and may make your battery last much longer , paying for itself in a year or two . It comes with a standard 2 pin trailer type jack , so it 's easy to by additional jacks and splice them on with blue taps so you can charge multiple batteries simultaneously .
 i have tried many of the de-sulfinators , and they all work well.this unit works perfect , if you have the time to spare . it takes a few months to properly restore a battery , but if you have a summer car or bike that is not being driven durring the snow , perfect!i still have a battery that is on its 10 year mark , that works flawless , but it took a while to get back to such condidtion.bottom line , if you want the BEST charger/maintainer/de-sulfinator for a few MONTHS of storage , then get this.if you need faster results and can afford the price jump , try awww.r-charge . com and get there charger.i do own a few of these and love them.i curently own 3 battery minders , a larger unit , and two of these smaller units . i will never go back to a regular charger or tender , as once i realized how much of diffrence this makes in the performance of the battery , i cant go back to the old tech of JUST charging . - a little info , these chargers also decrease internal resistence of a battery , so if you have deep cycle batteries , this will make a VERY noticable improvement in performace . -LRB- for a tow motor or RV battery -RRB- - i have also noticed and tested to the extreme , that the battery has a larger Reserve capasity after using this charger . -LRB- i noticed that my back up battery -LRB- stand by power inverter -RRB- lasted longer than it did when i tested it last year.-just keep in mind , this entire process takes a long time to recover a battery.Almost forgot , i have been using this on a car too -LRB- 2003 VW gti -RRB- with great results for over 4 years , no problems , and i love how fast my car cranks and starts , compared to a cheap walmart battery tender . -LRB- i always had to add water when i was using a tender , but not with this unit -RRB-
 I have known about desulphation since the '60s but never did anything about it . But I have a couple of standby batteries for power failures and a boat motor and realized that they were pooping out too easily . I was really pleased to find inexpensive products -LRB- I thought I would be building my own -RRB- . My old long-storage trickle chargers are now in a box counting down to discard status . One thing I do n't like at all is that the desulphator circuit keeps running in a power failure which of course discharges the batteries . I am going to need to set up a cutout relay to deal with the event that I might not be home when the power fails and do n't want this charger to waste the reserve . It 's annoying to need to do that myself , obviously a cutout should have been built in .
 Great item , If you have a car or truck that sits in the garage for extened periods of time , this is the unit for your battery.It stops allt he flaking of the battey plates thus making your battery last longer , One note when you first plug it in you msst wait for the battery to fully charge , before the maintenance light will start to blink . Buy it and you 'll like it ,
 I use it on my Yamaha Rhino , RV , airplane , and lawn tractor ! It will save a so-so battery for many more years of use . WILL NOT CHARGE A DISCHAGED BATTERY ... you will still need a regular battery changer to get the battery back around 12v before using this .
 I already have one of these units to maintainthe battery on my riding lawn mower in coldweather . It not only will not over charge butit also is a desulfater which keeps thebattery in excellent condition when notused regulary .
 Collector cars , garage queens , all those trusty servants that sit quietly until called , will appreciate having this connection to keep them up to snuff while they await your bidding . Trickle charges batteries to full capacity and then `` de-sulphates '' them to regain capacity lost when they went flat from inattention or lack of use . Nice piece of kit , as they say
 Recommended by an engineer at Winnebago for the voltage of a truck battery in an RV going down fast when it sat idle . The unit keeps the battery voltage up and does not overcharge . In addition it reduces the problem of sulfinization . And , it did not cost the probverbial `` arm and a leg '' .
 I have a 1999 New Beetle , that has only 26,000 miles on it . I had to buy the 3rd battery last year . Now I have the BatteryMinder connected and have not had any problems at all .
 The batteryMINDer charger is fantastic . It makes charging and keeping batteries fresh easy . Also extends their life with desulfating . Works by pulsing frequency waves to break up sulfur crystals on the lead plates , much like a wine glass pulsed with the right frequency will break.I have been using BatteryMINDer products for years . I have a onboard conditioner on my truck battery and a solar BatteryMINDer on my boat battery . Do n't be fooled by imitators ' products -LRB- I have -RRB- they do n't work the same . Save your money buy the right product the first time .
 It is exactly what you need to restore a battery that has been neglected . Brought back to life an AGM battery that was flat .
 I hooked it up to my car battery -LRB- drive it twice a week -RRB- with a 25 foot Deltran extension cord -LRB- available via Amazon -RRB- . It charged for about 12 hours then went into desulfating/maintance mode . I 've been leaving it on the car for 4 days now and it 's keeping the battery voltage at 13.3 volts . The permanent battery connection terminals makes it very convenient to hook up . Now I know I wo n't face a dead battery when starting my car . Well worth it for piece of mind and battery longevity .
 This works very well , should pay for itself in money saved on batteries if it restores and preserves them as indicated . I accidently hooked it up backwards initially , but it has a failsafe built in that prevented a problem . Well designed and easy to use .
 What can I say , prior to buying this I went through two batteries for my Lotus , now that 's a thing of the past ! Has never let me down !
 This is a great little charger for my RV , especially where it is at presently where the only access to shore power would be over a fairly long extension cord , so any significant wattage would be out of the question.Rather than winterizing/de-winterizing , I have this hooked up , and the RV 's furnace set to 40 . This way , at night when there are freezing temperatures , the furnace runs briefly , and in the day , this battery charger keeps the main jar topped off.Definitely worth the price of admission for my needs .
 Everything as expected . Very good product good value for money no complaints for the seller , accurate description the quality is ok
 This item will save you from having to replace your battery way sooner than without it . Saves battery replacement cost and saves the land fill from dead batteries before their time . Buy some extra connector leads and put them on all of your batteries .
 I bought two of these chargers for my our family boat , one for each battery . The boat sits for long periods of time without being used . So far they work perfectly and the batteries are always fully charged . It 's nice to know also that the batteries are being conditioned so that we will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- save money on battery replacement in the future .
 I does all that it 's advertized to do using relatively little electricity.My one issue is it having a close circuit to the battery connectors when the charger is not connected to the wall.That causes sparks when you connect the clips , bad JuJu . Using the connector permantly connected to the battery would reduce that close of a spark to a charging battery.Also , if you disconnect the charger from the wall , the light on the unit stays lit indicating it may be backfeeding from the battery . I wonder if that would drain the battery.Of my two concerns , the sparks are the biggest . I plan to put permanent connects on the battery terminals and avoid using the clips for this charger.I would have given 5 stars if it were not for the fire works .
 this unit is the best thing I 've ever bought for my many toys with batteries !! I fact I 've bought 6 of them in the last year . My Harley mechanic says it 's the only way to keep a battery fresh over the long winter storage months in Iowa . I have not done an amp draw study so I do n't know what they all are costing me in electricity . Still love them !!!!!!!!
 I have used these for years on motorcycles and cars . At work these get used on floor sweepers , generators , hydraulic pumps , anything that has a battery that needs to work but may sit for a long time . Unlike most charger/maintainers , this has a de-sulfate mode that can bring back abused batteries . Sometimes you need a dedicated charger to get them going and then this to condition them . Unless you have plenty of time to spare , in which case this will eventually bring back a worn down battery . Has the common two prong connector , alligator clips to go directly to battery terminals and enough cord length to be useful . The only gripe I have is the serial number on the registration card is the same for all of them . There is a statement that I can get an LED display with registering the unit . I have done this and eventually received a display unit about 2 months later . Then I found them for $ 4 at Harbor Freight . For the money , these maintain your batteries and work well . They will take up space on an outlet strip though .
 I revived many old and worn out lead acid batteries with this product . It has been running for a year or so non-stop without issue . Highly recommended !
 Maintain the car battery for a long time especially for vehicles which do n't get used every day . Will pay for itself .
 It works.It has desulphated a $ 60 scooter battery for me.Just follow the included instructions manual.It will recondition a 12 volt lead acid battery as promised .
 This is the 2nd 12117 that I have purchased . Works great biut had a problem with the power supply cord cracking just beyond the stress relief point . Should not be a problem for most apps but unit has polarity plug which placed the cord facing up from the electric cord real in my garage . Had I known this was a week spot I would have realed out more cord and laid the 12117 flat . Returned the 1st unit for warentee repair 2 days ago . We will see hoe the folks at BM respond . If they fix it will give them a 5 star review .
 I was not sure if this would work for me . My golf cart charger would not come on to charge anymore . I used a 8 amp regular car battery charger on 2 six volt batteries at a time to get some voltage in them . Then I hooked up these batteryminders to them one each to two batteries and they are all like new again . Together they read 42.4 volts which is great in my book on a 36 volt system . Thanks for a GREAT product .
 Very easy to work with . I reconditioned my emergency battery that was beginning to get weaker . I also reconditioned my auto battery on my 15 year old car -LRB- the battery is about 5 years old -RRB- . When using is I recommend you plug it into a powerstrip that has a on/off switch . You need to connect the unit to the battery and to avoid sparks it help to make the connection with the power switch off , then turn it on when everything is set .
 Compact and easy to use , this product provides trickle charging and de-sulphate capabilities.I love BatterMINDer products and have several . This is relatively inexpensive and easy to use . It comes with two battery connectors - alligator clips and round lugs.The alligator clips lead can be attached to pretty much any battery , no matter what the + / - terminals are like . Though the clips are relatively small , they 're strong and they work.The round lugs lead can be used to permanently mount a lead to your battery , if your battery has the appropriate sized screw/bolt connection -LRB- many batteries have these -RRB- . Both connectors terminate with a quick disconnect from the charger and you can buy a separate extension cord -LRB- 25 ' -RRB- if you need more to extend the line to the main unit -LRB- plugs into 120V AC -RRB- . There is a button on the charging unit that allows you to set the item into maintenance mode , but it 's not really necessary if you 're going to leave batteries connected for trickle charging . This unit automatically goes into maintenance mode once the battery is fully charged.I have one of these units permanently connected into my 12v battery in my gas generator using the round lug connector . It stays plugged in all of the time . When I use the generator , I just unplug the unit at the quick-disconnect and move it into position.I have another unit plugged into a deep cycle battery using the alligator clips . I 've also used it to charge smaller batteries that have blade lugs.It gives me piece of mind to leave these charging units running all of the time so when the power goes out , my batteries are ready to go.If you do n't need a FAST charge but you want a good quality trickle charger with de-sulphate/maintenance mode , then this unit is terrific for that .
 Arrived in good order with all items as described.Used this to charge a 12V , 35 Ah AGM sealed , Deep Cycle lead acid battery . The manual stated that it 's minimum operating voltage is around 10.5 volts so it ca n't be used alone on batteries below that voltage , you will need to bump the battery up to that voltage then connect this unit if you have an old or abused battery.Manual stated the trip voltage that triggers the change from constant charge to float/maintenance is 14.7 V for AGM batteries . If you check with a voltmeter while charging you will not read that voltage until it is getting ready to trip . You should read a steady increase in voltage over time until you reach the trip voltage . The float voltage after trip is reached is 13.6 V for AGM batteries . The RED light should be on any time there is AC to the charger and if you do n't see it the AC is out and you need to disconnect the charger from the battery to prevent parasitic drain to the battery just to be safe rather than sorry . The green light will start blinking in float mode and solid during main charging.The charger worked on my battery as stated it would in manual . And YES , the charger got warm while charging . If you feel it is not functioning properly test the voltage on the battery . It should never be below 10.5 volts , above 14.7 V while light is solid green or less than 13.6 V while light is blinking for an AGM battery . If it is outside of parameters or you can cook an egg on it you might want to unplug it or try it on another battery . There is always a possibility that your battery has a shorted plate inside it , especially if it is old or abused/bumped around a lot.This charger was used to maintain the battery as backup when solar panels were not deployed for use on the battery . In this type of setup , I would advise that this unit not be attached while the battery is connected to a solar charge controller , inverter or anything else especially since it has a desulfator putting an AC current on a DC line . You could cause RF noise or mess up DC circuitry over time since it is expecting to see pure DC unless your devices are made to handle that . I 'm not sure how this unit operates in that regard and questions I asked about it went unanswered so I 'm not going to chance it . Above all , do not operate your battery while this unit is trying to do its job.Also , the advertised description says it is not advised to hook multiple deep cycle batteries up for charging but page 9 of the manual says it can be done as long as deep cycle and starter batteries are not mixed and are of the same type i.e. - gel , flooded or AGM.Seeing as how I just got this charger and have never owned this brand in the past I have no clue on how long they last .
 Works as advertised to keep battery up on seldom used vehicles.Fair price for peace of mind . I have had a couple of failures on older unitsSo I make sure to disconnect them from power when not connected to the car .
 This unit will keep my house batteries in full charge over the winter while motor home is in storage , saving a couple hundred dollars next spring .
 This charger keeps my weekend/fair weather car 's battery at peak charge no matter how long it sits . I hooked it up to an old , long-dead battery to see if the desulfator mode worked as well as claimed . I had to leave it on for a little over two weeks but the BatteryMINDer brought that sucker back from the dead , and that resurrected battery continues to function . Everyone with a vehicle that sits for long periods of time without being started needs one of these . It just might restore some old batteries you have laying around , too .
 I only drive my pickup truck once a week and then only a few miles . The accessories discharge the battery which then suffers from sulfation . Got tired of replacing the battery every three years and thought I would give the BatteryMINDer a try . I was a little apprehensive of wasting money on what sounded a bit like a gimmick but figured , if the thing worked , it was cheaper than buying a new battery.As recommended in the instructions , I charged the battery to full capacity -LRB- which was about 50 % based on hydrometer readings -RRB- . Then connected the Desulfator for about a week and a half after which the hydrometer reading , much to my surprise and satisfaction , was 100 % ! Will probably have to give the battery regular treatments over the winter but think I have finally found a solution to my short battery life problem.I 'll have to give this product a year or two of use for a final opinion but at this point , I would give it high marks for doing the job stated on the package and highly recommend purchase .
 Most places I order from through AMAZON.COM deliver quicker than 8 days . Good packing ! But well worth the wait ! In one day , my wife 's car battery is back to full charge -LSB- 13.4 Volt DC -RSB- . I checked the battery voltage frequently while the device was connected and charging , it slowly rose from 12.2 Volt DC at the start . After about one hour the green LED started flashing . The battery voltage , with the device connected and charging , was now reading a 13.4 Volt DC level . I left it plugged in the AC wall receptacle for two days and it never got hot , just warm to the touch . I am looking forward to charging my hover chair batteries that are completely dead . For half the price of one new vehicle battery , this device can save multiple batteries . I can be a hero if I can save my neighbor 's old battery . I 've used regular store bought battery chargers and they all seem to heat up the battery being charged . This unit as I said was left connected for two days straight and the battery never changed temperature . I went on-line and registered my unit with the manufacturer -LSB- BatteryMINDer -RSB- and have to see the timeliness of the FREE battery tester . PS . I believe the `` DATE CODE '' is the four digit number stamped in the plastic housing below the label . Mine has a 0411 stamped/indented in the housing . I 'll review again `` when I see first hand '' the results of reconditioning the hover chair batteries .20110926 - I have used this charger numerous times since the review above . It has helped restore even the deadest battery , both AGM , sealed and lead-acid types . I like it ! Plug it in and wait a couple of days . Cheaper than replacing batteries !
 It may be too early to tell the long term results , but for now this is a miracle worker . I have had a starter battery on a stationary engine out in the field for 5 or 6 years . I keep it attached to a solar powered `` maintainer '' . Normally this kept it fresh for the 9 months of no use , but some critters chewed through the leads this year and it was only showing 3 volts when I went out to prep the machine , so I brought it in . After 2 amp charging for a week , it showed 12.5 volts but totally failed on a load tester and would not hold the charge overnight . Normally I would have tossed it , but I decided to give this a try . I Put the battery minder on and after only a week , a load test showed `` weak '' but it definitely did not fail . The next week showed a bit stronger , and now I 'm ready to bring out to the field and see if it starts up on the next frosty night -LRB- I think I 'll still bring jumper cables though -RRB- . If this works I will have saved over $ 100 for a special sized battery . Next offseason I will be bringing it -LRB- and any other rarely used batteries -RRB- in for conditioning.UPDATE
 I travel a lot for work , sometimes weeks at a time , and there 's no one at home to start the car periodically . Since all modern cars have a significant amount of drain at all times , it was not uncommon to come home to a battery that needed charging.I wanted a better answer . I first tried a small conventional battery charger that was supposed to switch over to `` float '' mode after charging ... it never did . Instead it `` cooked '' the battery.The VDC BatteryMinder does exactly what is needed
 Bought thhis about 1 month ago to use to keep the charge up on the 212 volt deep cycle batteries in the coach portion of my class C motor home while the motorhome was in storage . Prior I had used the onboard charger which keeps the batteries up but not fully charged , hence sulfation , . Put this unit on and 18 hours later it switched over to the maintence mode and started the desulfation process . TM
 The first Battery MINDer I bought was the previous model 12112 , which I kept on a standard , wet CB16-B Harley motorcycle battery . I bought the battery and MINDer new in 2000 and the only reason the battery died a few weeks ago AFTER 12 YEARS OF SERVICE was because I finally forgot to add water to it and tried to start the bike and deeply discharged it . I probably could have brought it back to life but decided to get a new battery instead . When I took it out of the bike , it still looked BRAND NEW.Meanwhile , a couple years back I bought the B. MINDer model above 12117 to put on my 4WD truck which I do n't drive often , and it keeps the battery in tip top shape.I ca n't say enough about how well this product works on a flooded , standard , wet battery . Just be sure to keep an eye on the water levels and add distilled water when necessary . You can extend the life of your standard battery almost indefinitely!However , I have not used this on an AGM battery , though I just bought an AGM for the Harley and hope the Battery MINDer Plus model above will work well with it . It does say it is compatible with any 12v battery , including AGMs.UPDATE
 Battery in my tractor was flat dead and would not take a charge with a conventional charger . Left this charger on for a week and the battery came back to life . This thing saved me the cost of a new battery -LRB- very expensive for a large farm tractor -RRB- . Very impressed !
 I originally found out about VDC BatteryMinder from an article in Aviation Consumer , a periodical directed specifically at Aircraft owners . Batteries used in Aircraft have large demands placed on them because they are usually sized smaller to minimize weight , and they tend to sit for long periods without being used . Aviation Consumer dedicates a great deal of print to all things batteries as a result . Needless to say they have raved about the VDC products and their ability to charge and maintain a battery , effectively extending their life beyond what is typical.The standard automotive battery charger can be very crude in it 's function and how it charges a battery . It is basically blind to the condition of a battery and the charge state . The Batteryminder is quite a bit more sophisticated in that it actually is measuring battery condition to decide what parameters to charge with . Batteries also have issues with sulphate build up on their plates which reduces their performance and life . The Batteryminder is able to create pulses in the charge that are able to remove this sulphate.What is my experience with them ? I have two that I am using on a car and a boat battery at a vacation property . The worst thing for a battery is to be left with a low charge , it 's life expectancy diminishes rapidly especially in tropical climates . When I arrive after a 4 or 5 month absence my car starts as if it was just used the day prior . I will report on long term reliability as time goes on but so far so good.We also park my wife 's car during the winter and last year had to replace the $ 400 AGM Battery -LRB- BMW -RRB- . I blame this almost entirely on the fact that the car was left sitting with a dead battery for some months . Shame on me for not being more insistent of my wife starting it periodically . This year I will connect a Batteryminder to it.As another nice feature it includes various methods of connecting the Batteryminder . For example a harness with loop/circle connectors that can be permanently mounted to any positive or negative terminal in your car , it does n't necessarily have to be the battery as long as they are live and indirectly part of the main power circuit . This allows for a quick hookup of the charger by just plugging it into the harness now mounted in your car . If I have one complaint it is that the length of this harness is too short forcing me to open the hood in my case . If it were a few feet longer it could stretch to the grill opening and I would n't even have to open the hood .
 My BatteryMinder has been plugged on the wall ever since I bought it . I use it charge/desulfate my car battery , 3 SLA booster batteries , and 1-million candle light lamp with a lead acid battery . It works like a charm . One con is that the clips gets corroded eventually . . so i need to bust out my dremel to clean it up . One of the best purchases that I ever made . Still brag about it often . Really keeps the lead acid batteries in top shape .
 Myself and the three others that purchased the battery MINDer at the same time have been extremely happy . So far there have been 2 batteries revived with this product ! approx 140 dollars in that did n't have to be spent on new batteries , lol -LRB- after taking the purchase price of the batter MINDer off -RRB- depending on the condition of your battery in can take a while to repair , but it is very much worth the wait . highly recommend this product !
 I purchased this unit about 2 months ago . I plugged it into my solar setup for charging at night . It has been working with no problems to speak of . Plug it in and forget about it . Perfect for my needs . I like the BatteryMINDer products so much now I have purchased other items for the truck and motorcycle .
 I am sooo impressed with this battery charger and conditioner , I bought a second one ! You can charge and condition up to 5 batteries at one time with this unit . It 's great for maintaining RV , motorcycles and diesel engine batteries .
 I use it all summer for my boat trolling motor battery . I 've used it on my ATV , car and emergency sump pump battery . I 've charged two batteries at once , left them plugged in for weeks at a time and they worked better afterwards than before I chaged them . Even saved a couple of batteries that were left for dead . It 's paid for itself already . Do n't wait , buy it now !
 I use two of these to keep my RV batteries charged and conditioned when the vehicle is in storage . These work great for the deep cycle house batteries -LRB- two 6V batteries in series -RRB- and the 12V chassis battery . The RV is stored in an unheated building in the winter and so far , so good .
 This thing works great . Everyone with a 12 volt battery or car owner should have one . I bought Two . Next I 'm going to get the 6 volt version for my lawnmower battery .
 I now own 3 of these charger/maintainers . I have one on the starting battery of the boat , one on a classic car and one on the trolling motor battery . These are a great a great unit for maintaining batteries . There was some confusion on the shipping , but still arrived in a timely manner .
 The instructions were a bit confusing to me , but being a man who needs stinking instructions.It installed very easily and works great . No more run down batteries for me .
 The BatteryMINDer works as advertised and is worth every penny . I use it to keep my travel trailer batteries charged up when its not in use . You just cant go wrong with this unit .
 This is a good product if you 're looking to charge only 12 volt batteries . Wound up buying aNOCO Genius G3500 6/12-Volt Multi-Purpose Battery Chargerbecause I had some 6 volt batteries that i need to keep maintained as well but overall it does a great job on the 12 volt batteries but give the edge to the NOCO G3500
 We have purchased 4 and our friends have also purchased these Battery Minders from this vender the only thing to say is that it is a great product , we are very happy with this vendor . If you buy one or several you will not go wrong .
 Charged an old battery for 45 days and it seems to be holding a charge.Great company to deal with . Excellent customer service when I had a question.I would have liked the cigarette lighter adapter so it did n't have to be hooked directly to the battery but this can be purchased separately.The box arrived fine but the package arrived opened and taped up without the warranty card . I do n't know who 's fault this is . Not the shipper .
 Great charger , it is keeping my 8D batteries topped off . In the heat in FL I need to keep them topped when the boat is not in use .
 The battery-minder brought my 80 amp hr and 7 amp hr batteries both up to full charge and kept them there with its anti-sulphating cycle . I even bought a second one , and I can tell its working by the flashing light even seen far away in the driveway through the heavy car cover . It 's very comforting knowing the charger will not overcharge any battery -- whether large or small !
 I like the newer model of the BatteryMinder . It is larger in size than the older unit . Hopefully it is more durable than the older design
 THESE WORK GOOD I BOUGHT A SECOND ONE IF YOU VALUE YOUR BATTERY
 Received the batteryminder in a timely manner . Worked as advertised out of the package . Plugged into older sulfated battery and after about 3 weeks in the desulfate mode appears to have made the battery functional . Good product that does what 's advertised .
 Seemed to be working when I left it attached to my outdoor-stored vehicle before leaving for Florida . Power has been out since Sandy , and so I will not know how well the Batteryminder works until I return to the car next Spring .
 the product comes greatly packed and easy to use . hooks up to existing connections and works great . will take care of your batteries
 Been having issues with my truck battery , if not driven on a regular basis -LRB- price of fuel -RRB- battery dies . Been using this neat little gadget to keep it charged . Also had what I though was a bad battery in my car , it was over 4 years old , went to costco for a new one . Only to find out real issue was dirty cables . This little wonder also brought car battery back to full charge . Well now I have an extra battery . Anyone need a battery ???
 I 've got three of these now . They 're the best I 've found at keeping the battery charged over long periods of inactivity . And I really like the little pigtail that can be permanently connected to the battery and then just plugged into the line cord when needed . -LRB- A couple of our cars have their batteries in pretty inaccessible places . -RRB-
 I own a Battery Tender and have had it for years . I use it for motorcycles and a classic car battery . I needed a new one and stumbled on the BatteryMinder . I think this is a better product because of the Desulfator feature . This is the only one of its kind that I am aware of . I am very happy with it and would recommend this to anyone over its competitor .
 Just stated charging and reconditioning my first battery , so I do n't have any results to post yet . It 's charging now and the transformer/wall wart does get fairly warm though . So far , so good .
 I ordered 2 of these chargers and got them within a few days , so the ordering and shipping process was great . It 's too early to tell if the chargers do what they say - not overcharging and boiling the water out.But so far so good !
 I attempted to use some cheep harbor freight 2 stage chargers and ended up ruining 6 batteries ranging from 40.00 to 125.00 each . They continuously overcharged and boiled my batteries dry . I purchased these Batteryminder chargers to try and salvage my batteries . It worked and saved 3 of the six . Thats about 200.00 worth of batteries I have been able to reclaim . I am very pleased with the product and also purchased their 2,6,8 amp model for my large deep cycle batteries . The instructions say that if after charging , your battery wo n't hold 11 volts they probably have a shorted cell . The three batteries that could n't be reclaimed had bulged cases and only showed between 5 and 8 volts after bulk charging with a regular automotive charger . Hope this helps you decide if yours may be reclaimed . The three batteries that were reclaimed would charge past 11 volts but when load testing dropped off immediately to less than 6 volts . They must have been heavily sulfated because they are as good as ever now after desulfating for several days . I wish I had made this purchase years ago . I would have saved alot of money . Oh well live and learn .
 I bought this to complement my other collection of trickle chargers because of its desulphation capabilities . It definitely takes quite a while to do the job , but I can definitely tell the difference in the battery I have had a chance to try it on so far . After letting it sit on the charger for about a week , my mower battery has a lot more cranks in it than it did before .
 Been using this minder for several months now . Ran several tests and I am happy as a lark . Would I recommend it , or buy one again ? Absolutely - worth every red cent paid.Ships quickly - great communication from the merchant and packaging was great.This minder has been working non-stop since I received it - and it shows no sign of slowing down .
 good product , easy to use , small in size and I bought it on the commendation of the RV sights that i visit .
 This BatteryMINDer was just what I was looking for , to charge , desulfate , and winter maintain batteries such as in a small generator and scooter . However , submitted a a query regarding operation via email and never received a response .
 Excellent product . Shipping packaging , however , consisted of slipping it into a mailing envelope - and it got pretty beat up . This should have been shipped in a box with padding .
 This is the third charger I have bought for my cars and tractor batteries . The first one is over 8 years old and still maintains the battery really well . It does not over charge and kill the battery , but jut keeps it `` topped '' off . And , the tractor battery is always good to go in the spring . It cranks with the first try.For the price , it is a good purchase vs the price of a new battery.WRK
 I tried to use this to recondition a 12v small UPC battery thats been dead for 2 year . It didnt work . This product cant perform micracles . If a battery has been dead for too long , dont expect this to turn it to new . What i find that it does do is keep my good batteries operating like new much longer . I periodically condition/charge my emergency vehicle jumpstarter and i condition my UPC batteries when they just begin to give issues .
 This Battery Minder worked great . I used it on a eight year old deep cycle that got left unused most of the summer . It was dead as a doorknob . I tried trickle charging with conventional chargers for a couple of weeks and never could get the battery to float more than one ball on my hydrometer . It also failed a load test . Then I bought the Battery Minder and hooked it up for a couple of weeks . The battery passed the load test and floated all four balls ! Further-more the water levels did not drop . The water bubbled , but did not boil away . After two weeks of charging that is pretty good.The only flaws in my unit are that it does n't seem to automatically switch from trickle charge to float mode . I have had to do it manually . Also it has a spooky tendency to spark while connecting to the battery even though the charger is unplugged . Still I highly recommend this charger as it 's price is less than replacing even one of my deep cycle batteries .
 I used this charger for my Golfcaddy battery charger for more than a year now it is working well and when battery is fully charged it starts blinking.So , I know when it is charged and when charged it automatically change to float charge , and never ruin the battery.WBL
 It does exactly what it says it does . Keeps the batteries fully charged and in great condition . I have 3 of them .
 Works great . I used it to save my snowmobile battery . After about 2 weeks the battery was back to a full charge . I will use it on all my seasonal equipment batteries to get the most out of them . A small investment that gives big returns .
 My ` vette love cuddling-up to her new BatteryMINDER !!! This little gem is the best thing ever for idle battery health with near zero effort .
 Seems to do what it is suspose to do . Havve n't had it hooked up to a really bad battery yet to see if it helps restore the effects of sulfation .
 Bought this after reading up on desulfation and needing another battery maintainer . Had an 844 cranking amp car battery that was left at 1.31 volts for over a year in our car awaiting repairs . Yes , 1.31 volts , NOT 11.31 . Stone , cold , dead . In two weeks it brought it from 504 fully charged cranking amps from a normal charger -LRB- wo n't turn on if battery is under 11 volts -RRB- to 675 cranking amps , and it is still improving ! On larger batteries , the conditioning time can take a little while -LRB- month or more depending on condition -RRB- , but with time it will do its job if the battery can be saved ! This thing really shines on lawn mower and motorcycle batteries . A friend 's two-year old Cub Cadet battery was down to 60 cranking amps , rated for 200 . After just a day and a half in maintenance mode on this thing , it is already at 147 and climbing , more than double the original capacity ! I 'm measuring this with a buddy 's $ 1500 shop battery tester that tells me the amps available down to a single amp , so I can definitely see marked improvements in EVERY battery I 've put this on . I was going to build my own desulfator but I think after seeing this I 'll stick to this little thing.Pros : - Maintenance mode can be engaged manually and actually works-Can maintain up to 4 12V batteries in parallel together-Unbelievable warranty ; 1 year unconditional and 5 years parts/labor-Costs only $ 0.15 a month to maintain-Includes alligator clip connector and permanent install ring terminal connectors-Charges faster than a traditional charger with the same current rating-Completely automatic and hands off with no risk to batteryCons : - Low charging current -LRB- ~ 1A -RRB- - Clips may have issues with larger posts and do n't like to clip to side terminal batteries-Quick disconnects are a bit tight , and the ring terminals do n't really save time when connecting to battery-NOTE
 The 12V battery minder has worked perfectly , just like the 6V , 24V , and 24V aviation chargers from them . Would certainly purchased again .
 Works great and simple to use ! Blinking light shows your battery is finished and good to go.Will probably order another .
 With what batteries cost these days , you need at least one of these chargers in your garage . I really like these chargers because of the desulphating feature . Simple operation and they work great . I own 4 , so far , and use them on my &#34; toy &#34; cars and ATVs . The lights on them make it so easy to see if they are working properly , even from 30-40 feet away . I would recommend this product to anyone who has seasonal use equipment and wants to get maximum service from their battery -LRB- s -RRB- .
 even after 40 years of using MSD products -LRB- anyone remember the 404B & BE -RRB- , that the simple change from using a perfectly good MSD 8202 coil on the MSD-6 to this 8207 would make ANY difference on a stock-ish motor . Hum-baby , was I wrong . Scientifically obtained evidence ? My Honda consistently used to start after 4 compression strokes of the crank -LRB- 5 if it was cold -RRB- -- I took this to be normal , as many/most ' 96-on motors need to turn over a few times for the computer to locate # 1 cylinder with absolute certainty . The first start with the new coil installed -LRB- no other changes , and the car having sat unused for over a week -RRB- was barely 2 compression strokes . In utter disbelief , I shut it off after less than a minute , then started it again after a 2-minute wait -- with the same results ; results that continue to this day
 I have had quite a few issues with the OEM Igntion Coil . My friend told me to just get an MSD External Coil , Distributor cap and button . After I installed these , my car runs great and much smoother too . I would like to say that I have more horse power but I cant prove it till I have the car dyno-ed . Fantastic product !!! Highly recommended .
 The coil is well made compact . This was a present for myself.I was n't sure if my old coil was going bad or not , but at higher rpm the car would seem to lay down , I guess i was right because now the car is an animal . I would recommend it
 Works like it is supposed to ... . and it 's small in size . Big plus if you have tight space . looks cool too
 e x c e l l e n t , v e r y g o o d , t h a n k s .
 I used this to replace a 15 year old Jacobs Ultra Coil trying to troubleshoot an stuttering problem on my Dodge Dakota . It did n't ' fix the issue as it turned out to be mechanical , not ignition related . Not a fault of the coil . It 's small size and easy to mount and works just fine with my 6AL ignition I am using . I ca n't say it made any different in power or gas mileage over the old coil but then again I was n't expecting it to either .
 As always with amazon , shopping could ` nt be better.This blaster arrived earlier than expected ,100 % as described and it work perfectly .5 statrs and this is all .
 After over 20 years of service from the MSD Blaster 2 coil , it has been replaced with the MSD 8207 Blaster SS coil with great results!This car saw the racetrack many times and now is back on the street to just `` cruise '' with an occasional HIT !
 fits like a glove also easy to install just what i needed for the bike if i need any other wheel chocks i will be buying here
 Allowed me to place the Chock locations in 3 different areas in my pickup . Solid when mounted stabilizing the wheel .
 Good quality OEM parts which so closely represent NOS vintage era parts you 'd swear they came directly from Motorcraft . These are not cheap reproductions , but rather high quality replicas . So far every part from this company has been the same .
 While KYB is a prominent Japanese suspension manufacturer , these that I bought for my 97 Avalon proudly display `` Made in USA '' on them . Very good struts , they made the car handle like new again , nothing else needed . I 'd recommend these anytime . I have the same brand on my Evo , nothing at all wrong with these , vastly superior to Monroe 's from reviews I 've read . Stiff but not harsh , that 's what gives a good ride quality !
 Arrived on time - installed with original springs and new spring seats and mounts . Rides a little stiffer than the originals , but they were shot , so it rides and handles much better .
 These springs are springy ! I was greatly impressed by the quality and consistency of the springiness engineered into each coil of these aftermarket springs . If these beastly springy springs ever lose their springocity or ability to springify , I will buy more of these modern marvels .
 What can one say ? Wix is a quality manufacturer . The price here was reasonable and more and more , I would rather not have to go out to pick up parts etc. .
 Filter is not the cheap paper filter you get when buying bargain filters . It 's a high quality product . Happy to have it in my car .
 See the image of this filter being installed in 2006 Honda CR-V . I did it myself to reduce service costs when I go to the dealership for other scheduled maintenance.I think Wix makes very good filters , so I was glad to get one here at Amazon without having to go to the auto parts store .
 We bought a previous screen that my son destroyed . This one has held up well so far . Also , many of the other screens I found said `` baby on board '' which seems inapporiate now that my son is nearly 2 . -LRB- this one does not -RRB-
 Product was as expected . The rear side passenger window of our truck is divided into two windows , the one window is stationary and the other goes up and down . The divider between the two did not allow the window shade to be installed using the hooks however using the suction cups and strattling the divider allowed the shade to be used . It works great and was well worth the money . Baby loves it !
 A tough installl , Took almost 3 hours to install the front and back . My advice would be to install in warm weather so the plastic is more flexible .
 The Chevy hitch cover is sold metal , feels like it weighs close to 5lbs . This is a lot sturdier than I expected . It looks great , and definitely gets some looks in the parking lot .
 For such a simple device it is hard to beleave few are made well . I have bought a lot of oil cans that fail fast . I like the cap at the end of the metal hose . I like the metal hose over any plastic tube that breaks quick . I think it should last some time . I bought a few of these because mixing different kinds of lubricants causes truble
 Besides this oil can I also ordered another that seemed similar and had good ratings , the other was the Powerbuilt 648751 1 Pint Capacity Oil Can . The Plews 50-337 1 Pint Handled Oiler with 9 '' '' Flexible Spout '' -LRB- the one that this review is about -RRB- seemed to weigh in as only slightly better in my early testing . I first loaded both oilers with odorless mineral spirits , which is about as thin as water . The ` Plews ' for this review , spit out the thinner liquid right away while the Powerbuilt barely got squirting after numerous pumps . Now for the real test , I dried and emptied both oilers and filled both with fresh Chevron plain 30 weight motor oil , as this is what most people will want these things for anyway I believe . Both shot oil out right away and both were very responsive with good control over how much oil you wanted , either lots , or just one drop . The Plews has a nice little threaded cap on the end of the spout which could possibly prevent leaking , but for now , any leaking problems will have to be left to using both of these excellent oilers over the coming winter in my shop . I 'll report back with long-term use next spring of 2013 . Let me just say , both are quite nice and either one would be a great addition to any working shop or home workshop .
 It is a great thing to have around if you want to oil equipment without having to worry about aresol propellant cans like WD-40 . I like the ability to use cheap motor oil and dispense it where ever I need it . I find motor oil lasts longer than other lubricants and is a whole lot cheaper to use .
 the item works fine , i 'm also very pleased with it . the price was excellent , and fit and finish was very nice , thank you
 The oil can is of decent quality and works fine . Right now I have Marvel Mystery oil in it . I may buy another for different oil .
 its small but made well . i use it for threading small conduit and it does the job , no complaints yet
 love the cap on the end to keep the oil in it 's place . the spout is small and flexable to fit into odd places . Just what I needed it for .
 if you need one . quality at a good price ... and it works great ... can use a variety of oils and stem reach is good .
 well built , the long flexible spout works perfect to get to far reaching service points on my mowing equipment . i am proud to have this added to my tool crib .
 Great oil can . Good pump action and long nozzle to reach objects . It seems to be built well and good plunger control .
 I bought this because my old oil can gave up the ghost . This one was priced right and works very well . All in all it 's what I expected .
 I ordered this hardware kit on Amazon for a fifth of the cost that the dealer wanted for their kit . I was skeptical that it would be the right hardware but it worked perfectly ! Anyone with a Sienna that needs to fix their parking brake should buy this kit . It has all the necessary pieces and they all fit exactly like the OEM original pieces .
 Installed on my '92 Volvo 960 3.0 . Deep mature sound , great fit . Several times cheaper than the original spare ! This is a gem !
 Wish I knew of these sooner . These are the best connector I have ever used . and I cant say enough good things about buying them from Performance Plus Connection , they do business they way it should be done .
 The isolators were just like factory new other than the upgraded material -LRB- poly -RRB- . I did have to trim just a little off of one of the upper mounts for a perfect fit , but this was no big deal .
 Polyurethane 7-1712-BL Black Big Block Radiator IsolatorI just happen to stumble across these on Amazon . My stock rubber isolators on my 69 C20 have seen better days , plus they have been replaced before . Cracked , dry rotted , oil soaked over the years they needed replaced.I just installed these and am tickled , with the fit and finish of these . My radiator now sits level again and has the correct spacing between the radiator support and the radiator it self.For a small investment and such a big return , I 'm sure you will be happy with these as well.Buy with confidence.RagenRat
 Used on our modified race car to mount/cushion our radiator . Did exactly what we needed . Could see how it would work as advertised to mount specific radiators . For us , it was just what we needed .
 I 'm not sure why , but it does . Would I put this on my car ? No way ! I could see this stuck on my file cabinet or tool chest in the garage , though . Not classy , but not foul , either .
 Great Products !!! NKG - what can you say ? I have used them for years in my motorcycles and lawn equipment . Amazon provides great service - I 've never had a bad experience .
 My 2003 Audi TT had auto parts store special metallic brake pads that squealed all the time . I replaced them with these EBC pads and the squealing went away for good and the brake dust was reduced significantly .
 The Centric Parts 122.33003 Brake Drum looks OEM , Centric Parts 122.33003 Brake Drumseemed solid and in great condition for being made in another country -LRB- China -RRB- . This product was made well and fit the application intended for -LRB- VW type 1 rear drum -RRB- without a struggle . Beautiful splines and I was not expecting it to be so well made . I would buy another if I had to . The packaging had a tape sealing the drum for shipment which stated to the user there was no need to wash , turn -LRB- on a lathe -RRB- and to install it straight from the box . PLEASE wash the brake drum contact surfaces with brake cleaner or other non-residue cleaning agent because the drum is covered in rust prohibitive oil and will contaminate your brake shoe material if not removed .
 Very pleased with this trailer hitch . This my second Reese purchase.I purchased this hitch to replace a bumper mounted hitch on my 2005 Ford Ranger.Nice quality product with easy instructions.Quick shipping by Amazon as usual !
 Purchased this hitch for my 99 Ranger XLT 4x4 . Arrived quickly , packing all in tack with no damage . Mounting was much easier than I expected - had to lower the spare tire but all the bolt holes lined up and hitch mounted solidly to the truck . Only challenge was rotating one of the existing bumper bracket nut washers that has a flange on it , which was positioned in the way , preventing a good seat of the hitch bracket to the truck frame . Was able to use Liquid Wrench and a socket wrench on its bolt which rotated the flanged washer when turning the bolt . All worked perfect then .
 Price was Great and shipping was fast and FREE . Will look forward to buying more from Amazon ...
 Meter was received quickly and was boxed securely . Installation was straightforward - all the necessary parts were supplied . It called for a ground wire all the way back to the area of the transmission , but I just grounded it on a dash bracket and it worked perfectly . I 'm very pleased with the meter .
 Brakes were installed with recommended sport sedan rotors . Great improvement over stock braking , would highly recommend . Adds a great amount of safety to any car . Works great well worth the extra cash .
 Great pads ... its that simple ... you get what you pay for so spend the money and stop getting into accidents .
 While I normally apply my brakes slowly , my wife 's driving is a different story . I 'm sure the extra stopping power will save her life , or someone elses - one day . These brakes have plenty of dust , but it 's directly proportional to their awesome stopping power . They should be paired ONLY with high-performance rotors .
 I have a 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee and this fit just fine . The only problem I had was getting the bolts properly torqued b/c they were hard to get to under the jeep .
 This was a perfect fit on my 99 venture van . Had to drill one hole per the instructions . Sturdy and well built . It looks great too .
 Nothing really to say . . its a good gauge for a good price . The carbon fiber is good qaulity and the gauge performs great everytime .
 So in an earlier review I was trying to decide on putting this on the coffee table , or inside the car ... I finally decided to put it in ... Glad I did ! It makes the car no more difficult to drive , There is no extra noise . The car just feels more peppy and responsive , that 's all . There are 2 different ACT flywheels for the Miata , this is the lightest one that they offer . Frankly , I 'm not sure that I would be able to tell the difference between the stock chunk of iron and one only 1/4 less weight . I have 2000 miles on now , And everything is working great . No stalling , the engine feels livelier and smoother . All in all , a great modification . Thanx for viewing , now go out and get one !
 I installed a 3 &#34; suspension lift on my 04 trailblazer which in conjunction with the cold weather , wreaked havoc on my oem cv shaft boots . These fit great . Installation was literally a snap !
 No problems with this set and it wo n't damage sensitive electrodes on high dollar spark plugs ! I would recommend this .
 It contains the size I needed to set the gap on my Makita Power Cutter . The adjustment attachment is not as effective as I would prefer but it does what it 's designed to do .
 Gapped Denso iridium spark plugDenso -LRB- 5346 -RRB- IKH24 Iridium Spark Plug , Pack of 1to .20 -.25 with no issues .
 After doing some research for my 2005 350Z , I found a great deal on Amazon for EBC at the time so I went with EBC Red Stuff + EBC Sports Slotted Rotors -LRB- Both manufactured by EBC England -RRB- . I was going to go with Hawk + Powerslot slotted rotors -LRB- Both made by Hawk or vice versa -RRB- originally.The EBC Redstuff brake pads have a break-in coating on it that is red . EBC recommends 500 miles of light braking to break them in properly . It took about 400 miles on my 350Z . You do n't need to do the 30mph then stopping quickly like you do for Hawk + Powerslot combinations.After 4 weeks , the EBC brake pad + EBC Sports rotor combination are working great with practically no dust at all and great stopping power . They do n't squeak or anything . I installed them myself and took the time to do it right by cleaning the rust off the inside off the brake equipment on the car with a wire brush , most shops do n't do this and they are supposed to . Not cleaning out the rust off the axle/wheel/brake assembly on the car can cause an uneven seating of the rotors to the mounting area on the axle . This is why some people complain new brakes are worst and may even seem warped . If you take it to a shop , have them do it right!A couple things to notice , the break-in period is light breaking for 500 miles . Mine broke in at about 400 miles and they stop great . the paint on the outside of the brake pad was flaking off/chipped in places when I got them but I did n't care , they are there to stop my car and I heard the paint does bake off under track use and super high temperatures in performance driving so should n't matter to most daily drivers even with the occasional track days . The pads are more than enough for street performance . EBC makes the Greenstuff pads for SUVs/Light Trucks and the Yellowstuff pads for high performance use . The Redstuff is recommended for mid/heavy sports cars but would work great on light sports cars too.The EBC slotted rotors are slotted well and not too deeply into the rotors , where I 've seen slots almost halfway through the plating , these were fairly shallow which helps with the strength of the rotors . Having deep slots weakens the rotors -LRB- if that is important to you -RRB- . Dust ? There is nearly no dust from this combination compared to the stock rotors and pads . My front wheels are cleaner and dust free practically . I 've always had noise on my front brakes -LRB- not bad noise but noise of the pads brushing against the rotors -RRB- which were the same with the stock rotors and pads so I 'm not concerned . Great product , great deal on Amazon and Amazon Warehouse at the time for open box items .
 Stops on a pinhead , a dime is too large . I have used several brands of brake pads over the years in combination with various rotors -LRB- either slotted or slotted/drilled -RRB- on my street tuned rides . I have taken turns at 85 and rolled the tires on their sides and braked HARD . Hit the brakes at 140 without fade . Ran greenstuff in the past - but the RED are awsome . did take 200 miles to break in , the rubbing and squeaking was annoying but man what a great bite ! I am running the EBC redstff with the EBC sport slotted/drilled alloy -LRB- gold tone -RRB- rotors - great combo . I ran the cryogenic -LRB- liquid nitrogen frozen -RRB- rotors in the past with the green stuff pads - they were OK . Red stuff bites about 50 % harder than the green stuff - no fade at 100 + when my A _ _ depended on the brakes working . These are installed on my 350Z , Unichip , stillen resonated down pipes , true dual stillen exhaust , AEM intake , sport suspension , Potenza tires , pulse plugs , estimated modified HP = 315 . Deliverd on time , in good shape , great service . If your A _ _ depends on STOPPING your ride - these pads work .
 Purchased for my wife 's Honda Accord . It helped to lay the dash mat flat for a couple of days before installation . After installation , it gradually relaxes and fits the dash very well . The velcro pieces are a bit tricky to place on the dash but not too bad . Also , be sure to have something to clean the dash before hand so the velcro sticks better . I highly recommend this product .
 I received just a single spark plug instead of 4 as the Amazon listing indicated . I then saw similar problems reported from other reviewers and was discouraged . I put in a call and email to the folks at Hoerr Racing Products and my problem was immediately resolved by a shipment of 3 additional plugs at no cost . Apparently the inventory number that comes to them with the Amazon order was simply incorrect . These things do happen and do n't really bother me when handled well by the seller , as was the case with Hoerr Racing .
 Anyone who knows cars , especially foreign cars knows that NGK is usually your best choice in a spark plug . These NGK plugs are no exception . They last a long time and there is never any problem with combustion .
 Like others have said BEWARE < it does state four and u will only get one , so i would def make sure u comment on the order form before u place order , if so i just called them and they said that amazon receit prints up to them as only one and not four , i called and they said they would gladly ship the other three to me , so i will see . # 678-581-9746 . i did get the others in , just about same time , they are really cheap here so i guess worth the effort and wait
 I 'm so glad I found this alternator . My 2000 Mitsubishi Montero Sport had gone through one new , and four rebuilt alternators in a one year period.None of these were from Denso . The new one I bought from a web store , it died in two weeks , and I found it too much trouble to exchange . The others I got from a local discount parts store . They honored the warranty for a while , but soon got tired of me coming back . One died within an hour of installing it . One glowed red and smoked a few days after installing it . A few web searches turned up similar stories from other Mitsubishi owners and mechanics . They all said the only replacement that works is a Denso.It 's been four months since installing the Denso rebuilt alternator , and I 've had no problems with it . None at all .
 Cheaper than buying it from the local honda shop . It came in a 4 liter jug and arrived 2 days after I ordered it.What more can you ask for?This specific oil is the best you can buy for your CRF450 .
 Very smooth feel . My stock / / / M shifter was cracking and cut my hand a few times . This leather shift knob goes with the feel and class of the / / / M line of vehicle . Just pull off stock shift knob and press this one on . Thats it !
 the leather feels great in the hand and the new knob was a great deal . the new knob has changed the entire feel and purchase of shifting .
 Touch points , that in a car cabin is what is worth spending a little extra money on . This shifter provides a soft and smooth feel that 's been keeping up after a few months of everyday use . I had to replace my old plastic knob due to it eventually just spinning in place , a common problem brought with time and overall use from what I 've read , and have yet to regret my purchase . If you 're on the fence between getting this or the plastic one like I was , rest assured you 'll be happy with this shift knob . It 's worth the extra penny .
 Purchased this to replace an original illuminated knob in a 99 M3 . Purchased this over the illuminated to save some money . All you have to do is unplug the illuminated from the car -LRB- under the boot -RRB- and pull off the old knob . Overall great fit and great feel . Really nice quality .
 Solid design . Leather feels good . Almost feels as if shifting is much better but that 's probably because of the new feel . It 's the same size as the stock shifter on my 01 325 ci . Worth paying the extra price over the standard plastic shifter .
 Very good value and critical item to carry with you if you have a Gold Wing and do n't have the OEM hose for hooking up to the on-board compressor .
 The picture does n't show it very clearly , but it comes with a tool to bend your spark plugs ' electrodes and adjust the gap . It 's a great combo tool in that it has wire gauges to check common spark plug gaps , as well as a bunch of feeler blades . You can adjust the tension on the hinge by tightening the knurled nut.Metal seems fairly high quality . Dimensions on the blades are laser etched , and shown in imperial and metric .
 I am a car enthusiast who works on my own vehicles , they range from contemporary to a 1959 Triumph and a 1961 Cadillac . I use this all the time when I am tuning up cars . This one tool has all you need for setting valves , and gapping plugs . I also use it for setting points . Great tool , I am actually online trying to get 2 more of these which I will put into the tool kits on the vintage cars ... . Thank you KD tools .
 This product has all the gauges I need , and I especially like the easy screw type tighterner that allows you to let all gauges flip out for use , or which keeps them tucked back away at other times . It 's a handy item for both pocket or toolbox .
 You ca n't go wrong with NGK . IT 's what comes factory in my turbocharged eclipse and they work great . I always keep a set laying around .
 Even a non-mechanic like me can save a few $ $ by some DIY . This came with all of the lights prewired ; installation was a snap -LRB- fewer than 20 minutes -RRB- . Shipping was quick and it was well packaged .
 Works great & easy installation . I 'd recommend to anybody instead of going to a shop to have one installed as YouTube has a quick install video too .
 I love motion pro tools . The best for motorcycles . I have most everything they offer for motorcycles . Very durable . A company that makes tools for the working class rider .
 I got these for a 200 cc Lifan -LRB- Chinese Honda copy -RRB- . The work great in the tight space that I have to fit a feeler gauge . I highly recommend them . I have several other different sets of feelers . These are especially useful if you need the curved . That was why I bought these . I 've only used them once . It 's possible the rivets will give out . I just hope that does n't happen while the feeler is in the engine .
 Up here in the Cupertino mountains , this generator is the most popular solution for backup home power . You really do n't have any other choice in this category - 9KW , propane compatible , and under $ 2K . Winco 's canvas cover , auto-solenoid gas shutoff & line voltage monitor are all worthwhile accessories . Noise is good for a standalone generator , but quiet it 's not . Runs our 5K-sq . foot house nicely , networked computers and all - just lay off the electric stove .
 I 've had this generator for about 10 years and it has never failed . It is tri-fuel but I 've only used gasoline to date . Usage has been during power outages only and it runs my whole house with lights , TV , computers , microwave , well pump , heater -LRB- oil hot water -RRB- and air conditioning . Only thing bad I can say about it is the price and the small gas tank . I get about 6.5 hours run time on a tank but still I would recommend it for someone who wants something built to last .
 I know the Title sounds like an ad for Hyundai ... `` Rated # 1 in initial Quality ! '' -LRB- which who cares when they run like a piece of junk a year later ... what 's the point -RRB- The fit was great , the only thing is you can tell the motor is cheaper as the mirror wiggles/vibrates at highway speeds . As to it 's longevity , I 'll post a review later should it stop working . For twenty eight George Washington 's , it 's hard to beat .
 My 1997 Corolla would n't pass the emissions inspection because the O2 sensor was not working properly . Autozone and O'Reilly wanted around $ 90 for this exact replacement sensor . It took me about 3 minutes to replace the sensor when it came in the mail , it passed inspection and I have n't had any problems .
 Great Sensor with an acceptable Quality ... cheaper then the local stores and again i think it is beter QualityBosch 12108 Oxygen Sensor , OE Type Fitment
 The Hurst T-Bar shifter was hard to find , but I finally identified a vendor that carried this product . The product was shipped on a timely basis and was in good shape . Everything with this purchase went well .
 These Brake pads matted with the EBC Black Dash Slotted USR rotors are the best hands downi have read some reviews where others say they make noice are not good wo n't buy them againwell you have to put 2 peas in a brain or pod togethere lolthese work greatsee the thing is when you hear the noice you have the Paint on the rotors that need to come off and then the Coating on the EBC pads weather they are green red or blue stuff or any other pad they have they are coated with a pink or red coatingthat comes of with the Bedding in Period you need to read the instructionsand not think you know eveyrying about these before you use themi have put about 750 miles on my rear and 250 miles on the front EBC Black dash slotted rotor sand Red Stuff pads all around 2 weeks apart and i am almost broken in i say another 500 miles and i will be ready to really get up on these brakes and have some funlove them
 Fits well , affordable , does what I need to too to keep safe when I ride . I have no complaints this was a good purchase
 I bought it new 18 months before Y2K.The main selling point for me was the Honda engine.More than enough watts for multiple loads , AC , fridge , wash machine . All at the same time.Have not had any problems in 250 hrs of operation.Uses about 1 gal of fuel per hr at full load . Be aware if you intend to run it on propane you will need a 100lb tank or better . 20lb grill size tank is too small.I am very happy with this genset .
 I bought it new 18 months before Y2K.The main selling point for me was the Honda engine.More than enough watts for multiple loads , AC , fridge , wash machine . All at the same time.Have not had any problems in 250 hrs of operation.Uses about 1 gal of fuel per hr at full load . Be aware if you intend to run it on propane you will need a 100lb tank or better . 20lb grill size tank is too small.I am very happy with this genset .
 is a very good and useful for your 4x4 vehicle . eCom is so great for all those who like off road.muy bueno este producto para nuetros vehiculos 4x4 y a los que nos gusta el off-road . muy util y practico , ya que mejora nuestro diferencial delantero cuando el uso es muy frecuente.douglas rojas
 Great fit for my 2001 Honda CR-V . It has saved my truck area countless times and still looks awesome . I would look to another for any other car I might buy in the future .
 Indeed , this is a genuine Ford Motor Company product which fits 2004 Mustang GT perfectly and therefore is expected to perform accordingly .
 Works well enough , seems to be a little better quality than Dayco and most white box -LRB- also usually Dayco -RRB- . V-Ribbed for her pleasure .
 I took my Pathfinder to the local Nissan dealership for a diagnostic . they told me I needed a new distributor , and it would cost $ 580 for the part with $ 50 labor . When I balked at the price , they said they could get an aftermarket part for $ 400 . I looked on Amazon and found one for $ 210 , then watched a video of how to install it on Youtube . It took 15 minutes to install and I saved over $ 400 . The part works perfectly and the truck has been running smoothly ever since . This is a great product and a great alternative for auto repair .
 After getting a call from my wife that the truck stalled , I had it towed home by AAA and started troubleshooting what the problem was . I narrowed it down to the camshaft position sensor after scanning the computer with my automotive scanner . Nissan decided to stick the camshaft position sensor inside the distributor , and is not a serparate item so you have to buy the entire distibutor ! . I went to Autozone car parts and they wanted $ 318 for a new distributor so I checked out Amazon.com -LRB- which i should have did from the start since I use them so much -RRB- and found the same New Distributor , same manufacturer and part number for $ 187 on AMAZON.COM . While my truck was sitting in the my yard collecting dust I waited for my part to come which came really FAST !!! with standard shipping , maybe 3-4 days ! If I was wrong on the diagnosis , then I would be out of only $ 187 instead of $ 318 from the Auto parts store . The distributor came and my wife and I installed it in my 97 Nissan Pathfinder . I told my wife to start it up so she turned the ignition key with a worried look on her face and the truck started right up and has been been running ever since!sincerelyMr.Chris
 The product is 100 % quality . I paid $ 100 less then what the autoparts store wanted for the same product . It even has the same part number so I knew it was what I was looking for .
 I used this prefilter on a K&N filter for an older quad rebuild project . Very easy to use and it works great to keep dirt and sand out of the filter , as the filter is exposed because the OEM air box was damaged and cost prohibitive to replace .
 I like this product very much . While there are stronger similar products , this one is not as toxic . I like that . I typically use it somewhat often than I used a seriously caustic product but that is OK to me . Do be aware , as I noted , that it is not as powerful as some other products . I enjoy the relative safety of it and being able to use it more often.April 2012 UpdateWe continue to use and like this product . I discovered that it cleans goo off of scissors well . I had problems with gunk build up while cutting a large number of self-stick labels for a project . I used a glass with a about a tablespoon of Crud Cutter to 8 ounces of water and alternated scissors every 15 or so minutes .
 This product works well on hard-water iron mineral deposits on concrete sidewalks , concrete drivewaysand various wood and metal surfaces . Once applied , it neutralizes the iron rust and leaves adry protective barrier on the surface . I have used this spray product for 7 years on small areasof my sidewalk and driveway .
 This is the BEST cleaner out on the market today.I especially love Krud Kutter 's `` Must for Rust '' . I sprayed it on some rust spots around my bathtub and in the bathroom sink.I also sprayed some inside my dishwasher.Some spots I had to spray 2 or 3 times , but ... considering that before I found it , I was scrubbing and sweating to get these spots out with no success at all , I tried the lime and rust cleaner they sell in stores , pfffrrrtt , nothing , and with krud kutter I just sprayed it , no scrubbing , no rubbing , just take a soft rag and wipe away.This product is wonderful , and the concentrated cleaner even removes latex paint , just spray and walk away and then wipe away.I love it.With all the work around this old house , this cleaner saves me a lot of hard work & frustration : -RRB-
 This stuff is great ! ranks up there with evapo rust I used this on some bare metal requirement could not have worked better
 This really works -- use it all the time . Saves time and reduces the amount of scrubbing an pure elbow-grease .
 We bought this stuff a few years ago and it somehow got put in the basement . While redoing our bathroom , my husband went about looking for our usual rust remover , Iron Out . We were all out of it but he happened to come across The Must For Rust . We were amazed at what a fantastic job it did on our tub and shower surround . Our married daughter remarked that the tub looks brand new -LRB- it 's actually over 10 years old -RRB- . If I had to have one complaint it would be that I could n't find it anywhere in my local area and had to order it here . Well worth it .
 Easy to apply and does seem to change the rust as it goes back to a metal appearance at least . Will see what it looks like in three months .
 Fits well , affordable , does what I need to too to keep safe when I ride . I have no complaints this was a good purchase
 This is a great item , small enough to carry in your computer bag to allow charging of a laptop -LRB- and other items -RRB- when there is no AC outlet available . The package includes an adapter for an air power socket , should one be available . In addition to the single AC outlet , this unit provides a USB power socket so that you can charge devices via USB cable.The only con is that the unit has a fan which is very loud . It does not even appear to be thermostatically controlled - it comes on full speed as soon as the inverter is powered up and stays that way until you turn it off.Considering where it is intended to be used - in a car or an airplane - the noise is probably not a problem , but it is does seem excessive .
 I am semi-pro mechanic and recently saw a guy 's Mini that had been maintined by a large tire company shop with the name FIRE in it . I checked the air filter and noticed the one in there was misshapen and did not seal against the sides of the air box . Checked and it was a `` generic '' brand made in China . PARTS QUALITY MATTERS !! Ordered this from Amazon and there was absolutely no comparison . This is full and square , very high quality . I 'm really big on Wix , my favorite filter nowadays . Fram is low-end in comparison . These are super - THumbs up !
 These are factory components that fit perfectly . When , after three years of use one of the rubber pads broke and came off I thought it was time to spend $ 100-150 on a new set of footrests . I was happy to find the replacement inserts available at Amazon .
 Spectacular , I made a trip 11.000 km with this boot , under sun and rain cold and heat.But my feet always very comfortable and protected .
 They are comfortable , look good -LRB- for motorcycle boots -RRB- , are waterproof after hours of standing in snow and slush -LRB- yes , I know they 're not intended for shoveling snow off the driveway -RRB- and offer much more protection than construction or other type boots . Great value for the money .
 installed on my 90 bronco . had a new engine installed just before putting chip in . ive disconnected and reconnected it while driving through the mountains on a two way trip in arizona . to be honest . dont know if i feel any difference or not . throttle does seem just a little more responsive ... but cant feel any noticeable power gains . not sure if it saves me any more gas either . but atleast its not hurting the truck ... so ill keep it on .
 NO big suprise here , Hurst has been manufacturing top quality products since Hector was a pup.I have been using Hurst products since the early sixties , and they never fail to amaze me with their quality . This handle is going on a Hurst Shifter and i am using the push button to either purge or active my nitrous system , have not decided yet . This product can also be used to activate a `` line Lok '' or any number of accessories you may have on/in your car.A + + + + + + + + + + + + PS
 A great product at a great price.Installation was a breeze , product works as advertised . Great range . More than enough features for my needs . Plenty of optional features that can be changed at will.Only requirements are a good roadmap of your vehicle wiring and an understanding of automotive wiring and relay use . That is a must.Great tech support from the manufacturer answering a couple minor questions concerning a couple items not found in the very good manual . I e-mailed them asking about the size holes required to mount the switch and LED . I had an answer back within 2 hours.I highly recommend this product.Tim
 Fits well , affordable , does what I need to too to keep safe when I ride . I have no complaints this was a good purchase
 I have finally succeded in finding a seat that fits !!!! The quality is superb , installation a breeze , and the service totally professional . Too bad summer is almost over , but I can still enjoy some comfortable road miles even if its a little cooler in the morning . Why I waited to try Mustang ? Who knows , but now that I have I will not look back with any regrets . Now to unload all of the mistakes that I have purchased over the years .
 Purchased this seat for my 2003 FatBoy . I had the same seat on a different bike , so knew what I was getting . The price was surprisingly low , and delivery was very fast . Upon reviewing the accompanying paperwork , it said the seat was for a different model bike , which cause a bit of a panic . I soon realized the seat fit my bike just fine . Looks great , rides great . Really pleased with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone .
 I replaced the junk Ford shocks on my 2011 Superduty and these were great . So far so good and the ride is much smoother .
 They fit perfect with the adapters used . Easy to install and look great on the bike . They are heavy duty .
 Received on time . Very easy to install . I love the result on the motorcycle -LRB- Vulcan 1700 Nomad -RRB- . Easy to use when riding - smooth and solid .
 Easy ... this fit like it was custom made for my make and model . Came with hardware , bolts ... etc was on in 15 mins .
 Installation was straight forward and as easy as I hoped it would be . 5 stars for the hitch.HOWEVER , the packaging was some of the worst I 've ever seen . Pretty much 50 pounds of steel in an oversized box with about 5 feet of crumpled butchers paper for cushion . The box had several puncture marks and part of the unit was hanging out of the box when UPS dropped it on my step . Luckily the hardware kit was in a bag large enough not to escape and even with the bumps and bruises the finish on the hitch was not affected . Have to give ZERO stars for packaging .
 It looks just like the stock one , and fits just like the stock Honda S2000 part .
 I read a study somewhere that said Wix filters are among the best for small particulate filtering , while still allowing excellent airflow . The price was right and easy to install in my S2000 .
 I would be helpful to know what size tail pipe that this exhaust tip would fit .
 I 'm always pulling for Nadar eight years ahead of time . Is it ever too early to run for President ? Go Nadar !
 Have been running them for about six months , so far so good . Used in combination with EBC rotors , ca n't say I noticed much of a difference in braking really , but the dust is definitely less than stock Toyota . No squeaks , either .
 Spectacular , I made a trip 11.000 km with this boot , under sun and rain cold and heat.But my feet always very comfortable and protected .
 They are comfortable , look good -LRB- for motorcycle boots -RRB- , are waterproof after hours of standing in snow and slush -LRB- yes , I know they 're not intended for shoveling snow off the driveway -RRB- and offer much more protection than construction or other type boots . Great value for the money .
 This Aluminum locking fuel door is eay to put on and it works great as a safety preventer no one can get in.I would recommend this product to everyone .
 The title may be misleading with the word `` Rear '' , but you are actually getting 4 pieces
 I bought this filter from Amazon.com to replace the original Suzuki on my daughter 's car.This filter just fit properly and quality is excellent.I paid much less at Amazon.com than any other online store.Much cheaper yet than local auto parts store.This product is recommended .
 If you 're looking for an air filter for your 2007 Chevy Optra 1.6 this is definitely it . Fits perfectly . Delivery was prompt and arrived in excellent condition . Would definitely recommend .
 If you dont want an exhaust that makes the neighbor lady beg for mercy , this one is it . I put the entire CAT-back system in in under an hour . It is direct fit to stock downpipe , and fits perfectly all the way back , to the super shiny stainless muffler.I havent notice any gains in the low end as of yet , but i can see and hear a difference when the RPM 's get up there a little bit.I absolutely love it !
 I purchased 2 of these becasue the version amazon said was a fit for my vehicle , was not ... . The second one I purchased was based upon the model number I got from teh weathertech site . The amazon site said it was wrong ... . it was not ... The liner is very nice and fits like a glove .
 I purchased this for my 2005 GMC Yukon Denali XL . It fits well and is very sturdy . I think it will be great for keeping the carpet in the cargo area nice .
 This Muffler is as quiet as OEM.It fits in , ideal , for space required!better back pressure , gives better pick up , and showed a instant 10 % gas mileage increase , long life material , great price with rebate.I love this product !
 I bought this muffler as a replacement for my Magnaflow system . The Magnaflow was so loud I had to add a resonator and even then there was a steady drone in the cabin . I bought the Walker Quiet Flow muffler and the connecting pipe from the cat back for about $ 105 vs. the $ 350 I paid for the Magnaflow sytem . It was an easy , bolt on , installation with common tools . When I started the car I was suprised at how quiet it was . I took it for a test drive , opened it up , and while it sounded okay I was a little disappointed that , under hard acceleration , I had lost the strong performance sound of the Magnaflow . Then I remembered I took off my Volant cold air intake system and put the original airbox back in to quiet the car down . Once I switched it back to the Volant - WOW what a difference . The PT roars under hard acceleration but is at least as quiet , if not quieter , than stock under normal driving even at 80 miles an hour . I also think , though have n't confirmed yet , my gas mileage improved slightly . Yes , the other reviewer makes a good point , these are crush bent tubes not mandrel . I do n't think for this engine size it makes a difference , my car still flys -LRB- for a PT with a few performance mods -RRB- . Besides , have you ever looked inside a resonator ? They are significantly more restrictive than the crush bends . Anyway it works great for me .
 I recently purchased a Walker muffler with pipe attatched for a direct fit for my PT Cruiser . While the replacement muffler looks just like a factory one , it is a `` Quiet Flow '' style offering improved flow . What I was not impressed with was the compressed bends in the pipe , causing a loss of flow and looking unattractive in comparison to the muffler . My objective was to help out flow a bit , while keeping decibels quiet on my Cruiser . In the end I ended up cutting off the Walker exhaust pipe , only leaving enough material to flare out and reuse my existing tubing . Walker should work on making mandrel bends just as the factory does to improve the performance of flow of the tubing being they are offering a muffler that is touted to be superior in flow to stock
 Well designed and convenient . Dorman has been a supplier of innovative solutions for many years . When you need HELP , it 's going to be Dorman !
 A direct fit in my 79 280ZX stock distributor . Looks and feels durable . Beck Arnley always makes good parts . The image shown is exactly the part I received -LRB- not the size of it but how it looks -RRB- .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my son . Installation was fast and easy . I did like the way that it mounted by using a single `` C '' clamp . I have used the type that are supported by tightening 3 screws in the past and have never had them hold up . The only negative thing that I can say is that overall , it is a little large for our application .
 Just a little of cutting of tailpipe and add a coupling to expand the diameter of exhaust tip it then fits the tail pipe perfectly . Great looks .
 Spectacular , I made a trip 11.000 km with this boot , under sun and rain cold and heat.But my feet always very comfortable and protected .
 They are comfortable , look good -LRB- for motorcycle boots -RRB- , are waterproof after hours of standing in snow and slush -LRB- yes , I know they 're not intended for shoveling snow off the driveway -RRB- and offer much more protection than construction or other type boots . Great value for the money .
 Fits great and has proven itself aganist spills and wear . Would have given it 5 stars if it was not so expensive .
 I got pulled over for doing 135 MPH in a 25 MPH School Zone . Thanks to the bumper sticker , I only got a verbal warning ! Thanks , `` I Love Cops '' bumper sticker !
 Good points : - easy to assemble and simple to install on my CRV - good access from 3 sides to contents - plenty of room for luggage and gear for 4 people on a one-week lake-side vacation - folds very flat for storage on the cartop when empty or in the closet with a robust slip-on cover -LRB- included -RRB- Room for improvement : - plastic clips dangle and tap against the rooftop when the carrier is empty - simple fix with a couple of 5mm wide rubber bands - shipping box is too easily punctured but there was no damage to the contentsOn a 900 mile round trip from sea-level to 7500 ' on paved roads , highway speeds , full carrier , a boat trailer with a sailing dinghy , 4 adults and a dog on board , I got 21mpg . Not bad!Can ' t wait for the next trip !
 Overall , this is a pretty good product , easy to install and remove . I like that it is lightweight and can be folded down if not in use . I would recommend it but there are a few issues I found when I did my first two day trip with it : > Although it is adjustable , the attachment system did not match the spacing of my OEM Mazda5 roof rack . I had to be creative and use a strap to secure the carrier on the roof . > I think it could use some reinforcement between the roof bars to help the fabric holding up items a little better . I used a small board to solve the problem > There is no locking system to prevent from theft of items left inside or even the carrier itself . I ended up removing the carrier at night and keeping an eye on it during day time .
 I am a 60 yr . old female who was able to assemble , lift , attach , and fill this unit on my own . I had read the reviews from other purchasers and made notes on their concerns and got started ! I packed the unit as full as I could to avoid any flapping on my 600 mi . trip through the MD mountains and onto the Midwest . On the return trip I had enough room in the back of the Jeep to dismantle the unit and carry it inside the back of the car . Gas mileage was impacted by a couple of points . I 'm returning to the Midwest next week and will rely on it again !
 First and foremost would like to thank all the people that made comments regarding this product . Not only was accurate but it made me make a great decision.The carrier was mounted on a R350 , 2008 Mercedes Benz standard side bars . Drove from NJ to Orlando Florida , approx . 1,100 miles each way . It did not make any noise or vibrations going on an average of 80 miles per hour . I 'm not sure what 's my MPG normally , but it did an average of 22 MPG . It rain one day , nothing out of the ordinary and held very well . No water , saturation , or condensation.Assembly , it was a tip from a reviewer that said '' make the assembly on the floor , them mount it '' great tip ! The best highlight of this product are the ability to fold it and be able to drive anywhere with it . Whether is to the mall with low rise parking or going out to eat without looking like a tourist.I dislike finishing on a negative note , but I think is worth mentioning as every review had their cons and pros.One , after closing or folding down the carrier I placed the cover that comes with it to keep it from opening or flapping as you drive . The strap that secures it from underneath did not have a strong stitch as it rip off a bit as I tighten it the second time I use it . No big deal , am planning to take it to a place like a dry cleaner or shoe repair shop to re - stitch it and have a better support.Two , the only thing that is lacking , in my opinion is a locking system . We drove from NJ to North Carolina and stayed over . The cargo bag is a catch 22 , it fits a lot of stuff ; a medium size suit case , two Carrie ons , beach chair , beach umbrella , an ikea shopping bag full of beach towels , my daughter 's floaty , and a bag of crocs . There was no way in the world I was going to unload all of that for a one night stay . If some how the company could incorporate a way to be able to place a pad lock . It would give you a bit of a peace of mind . Subconscious we under stand if any one would want to break in , a person with a knife will peel it open in no time .
 The Rola 59150 is overall a great product . The one complaint I have or weakness I see is that there is no stability to the canvas bottom . That being said when you store anything that has any weight to it , it sags between the frame rails . What I did was ! I created my own floor with a 2X4 piece of 1/4 Luan Plywood and screwed it to the frame . This did not add much additional weight to the unit . It worked great now I love the product .
 I was very excited to find this luggage carrier b/c the design seems to be unique in the market . It was easy to assemble esp . with the caveats from other reviews about the snug fit of the aluminum frame in the sleeve . As other reviews mentioned , the shipping box , original from the manufacturer , is extremely flimsy and barely held together with tape , suffering several tears and openings by the time I received it . I brought the assembled carrier to my newly installed Rola roof rack on my Mazda5 -LRB- thinking that the two components by the same manufacturer should be totally compatible , which they are -RRB- only to find that the factory installation points on the car for the roof racks sets the racks further apart front to back than the bracket points on the luggage carrier . There was no indication of the bracket spacing in the product description , only the overall dimensions of the erected carrier . The Pursuit luggage carrier might have worked if I had an adjustable roof rack , but the Rola rack -LRB- which is perfect and half the price of the dealer offered accessory -RRB- is custom made to fit the Mazda5 's design . This carrier is well made with thick , heavyweight , waterproof fabric and Velcro'ed flaps to cover all the zippered openings . I do n't know how it performs on the road , but with another roof rack , I would give this item another try . Now to tape up the box to return ship it ...
 Hard to believe we 've been using the Rola 59150 Pursuit Folding Roof Top Carrier for four years now . This carrier has been atop our Ford Explorer and more recently -LRB- with the addition of 3 more kids -RRB- our Honda Odyssey . It 's been through thousands of highway miles and some of the worst thunderstorms Alabama has to offer . -LRB- If you 're not from around here , they can get rough . -RRB- Cargo has stayed mostly dry -LRB- not completely -RRB- after driving through several hours of thunderstorms . This carrier is not too hard to install by myself and it attaches very securely to the roof rack crossbars . It does not create any appreciable wind buffetting or noise . It carries lots of stuff . I like that it folds down flat and you can put a cover on it when atop the vehicle but not in use -LRB- great for week/weekend trips visiting family -RRB- . Overall the product has held up nicely although I think one minor -LRB- nonfunctional -RRB- strap has come undone . This carrier has met if not exceeded every expectation .
 Going on camping/road-trip with the family and need some extra space . Used our Prime membership to get it before the weekend . Arrived in a day - nice!As others have said , install is challenging only because it 's a very tight fit over the metal bars . With some work though we got it on the bars and then installed on the minivan -LRB- '08 Toyota Sienna -RRB- without issue.Will update after the camping trip with how it performed ...
 The factory roof rack on my Camry wagon is rated only 100 pounds , so a solid carrier uses up that rating before adding any cargo . So this lighter carrier was interesting . It does 80 mph without a flap . I did have some issues though due to my assembling it imperfectly . Others have said that the instructions are clear but no matter how obvious , it was not clear to me that the rear top reinforcing spar had small pockets so that its ends could go INSIDE the red reinforcing patches . I put the ends of the spar against the red patches , and it kept vibrating loose , moving , and once poking through the wall of the carrier.I assembled the frame alone first , and tossed it up on the car to align the crossbars on my car 's roof rack ; glad I did that . On mine , the frame tubing did not mate far enough for the spring-pin to reach its hole on one side , so I had to file it a little to get it fully engaged . I assembled the whole thing before putting it up on the car ; glad for that too . Putting the bottom sleeve over the frame was very difficult as it seemed the frame was simply too big to fit in , by a little bit . Had to really struggle to try to stretch the material enough so that the velcro could reach over the front of the frame.Putting it onto the car was aggravating , because the holes in the vinyl enclosure for accessing the brackets with their hand-tight knobs were not lined up with the holes in the aluminum frame . That made it very difficult to hold the carrier , the bracket , the knob , and put it together , while trying to force the edge of the vinyl cover out of the way . This is of key importance and should have been built better . I would rate the carrier very lowly because of this , except for that the carrier is roadworthy , once it 's on , which pleased me a lot.There are two nylon fabric handles on either side for lifting the carrier onto the car , which have vinyl wrapped around them to make the handles more comfortable . That vinyl handle raps against the roof when the handle flaps in the breeze , so I cut off the vinyl handle leaving only the nylon mesh handle inside , and was glad I did.I drove 1500 miles with the thing packed , and ran through rain . Others reported it rainproof but I found some moisture or water came in through the velcro-flap-covered bracket mount locations , so , would advise against depending on the contents staying completely dry . Especially some water built up on the floor in the nose of the carrier as that area of the soft floor was depressed a little bit compared to the main area which was elevated a little more on the roof rack crossbars.I did not even try running with it folded down and covered by the slip-on cover , 'cause I read other reviews saying it flaps in the wind that way ; I just ran it fully erected even when empty , until finally removing it and storing it that way a few days after moving when moving activity had died down.This did the job for me
 Like others who have reviewed this item , I was a bit dissapointed in the packaging for shipping which was actually no packaging . It just came in the retail box and the box was a bit beaten up . The instructions were pretty straight ahead , although I had to spray the aluminum frame with Pam to get it to slide into the bottom of the carrier.It attached to the top of my SUV fairly simply and remained secure on a 500 mile trip . It was raining the day I loaded it so I put the things to be stored in garbage bags . Turns out it was a good idea . The carrier held 3 pairs of ski boots , 2 pairs of snow board boots , 5 ski helmets and 2 very large duffles . When we reached our destination , the floor of the carrier was soaked . I figured out on the return trip that it was n't leakage as much as condensation , but I 'm still glad I used the garbage bags.The vehicle handled fine with the carrier on top . I did n't notice any significant drop in gas mileage and I could cruise at 75 - 80 with no noise . There was a little tapping at slow speeds which I think was one of the straps.Over all , I am pleased with the purchase . Shipping could have been handled better , assembly could have been a bit easier and the condensation thing was not the best , but over all , I would purchase this again for the price .
 First the Bad - The box that was shipped from Amazon was wet and torn . It was clearly a retail box without any additional packaging . Upon a quick inspection the contents appeared to be in good order.Now for the Good -LRB- and reason for the 5 stars -RRB- - Product was well packed and protected -LRB- even with the damaged box from shipping -RRB- . The instructions were clear and simple to follow . I had the carrier out of the box and installed on our 06 Yukon within 30 mins ! Have a step stool handy if you are putting on an SUV.The Rola looks great on the SUV . I installed a few days prior to our 600 mile trip to ensure that it would not vibrate or rattle . Took it out on the freeway without any cargo to test . No noise to speak off . I could feel little drag at higher speeds -LRB- top speed was 75mph -RRB- . I had read another review about using safety pins for the rear straps . I recommend you have a couple on hand to keep the rear straps from flapping around . All other straps are higher and create no noise or vibration.I am very happy with the carrier overall . Would recommend .
 We purchased this carrier because we have precious little storage space for it when it 's not in use . It 's well above the rest of the fabric/soft carriers I 've ever used , but all of the soft carriers I 've used have the same problem with time consumption ; the straps and zippers and hook-and-loop fasteners just ca n't compete with a simple lid and lock.The good : - It folds to a very compact state that fits easily on a shelf.-Once on the car , it presents a very large and conveniently shaped storage area that is simple -LRB- though time consuming -RRB- to attach to the cross-bars . - After about 3 years of use I have yet to experience a failure with the zippers , which seem flimsy but are not.-We can pack well over the weight limit of our rack easily in the space it provides , which we do regularly ! - One huge advantage this carrier has over the others is the fact that it can fold partially and comes with a cover that allows you to leave it on the car , but it lays completely flat.The bad : - Folding it up is laborious and quite complicated , however as it must be disassembled to fold . There 's a two-piece `` skeleton '' structure for the base and several plastic pieces that slide into inner pockets to stiffen the sides . There 's a hard curved protector for the front which is quite large and then the cargo unit itself . To go from car top to folded and put away takes me about half an hour by myself . To go from folded to car top is about 45 minutes because everything fits very tightly.-The straps and a handle flap in the wind ; I use elastic ropes to tie these down because our car does n't have great sound insulation.-When the fold-flat cover is installed , it flaps a LOT in the wind . Again , I use elastic ropes to crisscross the unit on top and the bottom to prevent the noise.-It 's never quite been waterproof ; even when brand new our luggage would be damp after driving in a rain.We 're looking to replace this one because 5 or 6 long -LRB- 800 miles round-trip -RRB- trips a year have taken their toll , causing a few tears on the inside where our less-than-forgiving hard-side luggage have stressed the seams . We 're looking for a similarly sized -LRB- though longer and more aerodynamic -RRB- hard shell type .
 I 've had this for over 3 years and felt inclined to leave a review as I was packing up the car with my Rola on top of my car . I realized as I was packing how many trips we have taken with this Rola.This Rola has racked up over a couple thousand miles . Several trips to the Fla Gulf Coast and Disneyworld were possible and alot more comfort/space with the Rola mounted to my Yakima roof bars.PROs : * 3 years strong with over a couple thousands interstate miles @ avg 75mph , w/no signs of fatigue or wear * Flexible and reliable construction * Folds for easy storage * Secure mounting U-bolt attachment to roof railsCon 's : * Minimal water intrusion at point where the U-bolts attach to rails -LRB- very minimal , but during a hard rain , it happens ; I place most items I need to remain dry in hefty bags -RRB- * No locks , -LRB- However , I purchase some small padlocks to secure the 3 points of zippered entry while staying at hotel overnight during travel , Keeps honest people out -RRB- I love my Rola and would highly recommend . At most , I would have deducted 1/2 a star for the minimal water intrusion , but like I said before , I simply place items that are n't water proof in extra large black hefty bags and that does the trick -RRB- . I have a family of 4 and use this on a 4 door sedan , attached on Yakima bars . I use to have a large SUV and did n't have a need for roof top carrier and now the Rola Pursuit Folding Roof Carrier suits my needs . For less than $ 200 , it was a no brainer !
 I used this in my military move from SC to NV , what a lifesaver ! Much nicer than the hard shelled cases and it kept everything dry and tight ! A must have for a move or camping trip . The only problem it 's not really lockable ...
 I bought this carrier to add extra space for traveling , and it provided much more than i thought it would . Plus it folds flat when not in use so you do n't have to remove it while on vacation . It performed when at highway speeds with an occasional whistling sound . I would recommend this product to anyone that needs more room while traveling .
 The instructions are a bit hard to read , but I 've read other comments saying the same thing . It took both myself and my husband -LRB- and a flash light -RRB- to figure out where one piece went to . We had to literally take turns sliding into the carrier in an attempt to figure out where exactly one part went -LRB- there 's two openings for the side bar it seems , but the bar only fits in one of the two , and it took both of us to get it in place . -RRB- It has not been used yet , I 'll try to remember to come back to tell how it does on a road trip from central Mississippi to Walt Disney World . It 's very spacious , holds both of the children 's duffel bags and our duffel bag plus an over night duffel bag . I 'm hoping to be able to put the small stroller on top of the bags once we are get it packed up , it looks like it 'd work without any problems .
 Putting together this system was not to hard . The instructions are a bit vague , but still adequate for the regular person to follow . Noise was never a problem . Used this during a very cold period and zippers and material remained very useable and flexible.Putting it on the Dodge Grand Caravan was a snap . Even with curved cross bars , the carrier went right on .
 Living in Oregon and traveling in fall/winter , we needed a rooftop carrier that is truly waterproof , not just weather resistant . We mounted the carrier the day before departure and had to park the car outside the garage due to height/clearance issues . A storm struck with high winds and over 1/2 inch of rain overnight . The contents of the carrier remained totally dry . In windy areas we drove slower than usual , especially on curves , due to the top-heavy feel in the high winds . Other than that it was smooth sailing , with a 3-4 mph reduction in mpg overall in our hybrid SUV . There was a little wind noise , but not bad . There is a strap on each side of the carrier -LRB- for buckling the carrier closed when it is folded and not in use -RRB- that tapped on the roof of the car during the windy part of the drive , so we secured those with duct tape . We had no loosening issues . This carrier is easy to set up , easy to mount , is truly waterproof , holds a lot of cargo , is easy to access from 3 sides , easy to store ... what more could you want ? I would highly recommend this carrier to anyone who wants a carrier that is flexible and waterproof .
 The reason I chose this carrier was because it folds flat so it 's easily stored when not in use . Having read previous reviews I bought a 1/8 '' thick 2 ' by 4 ' piece of plywood at Home Depot and laid it inside the carrier -LRB- about $ 5 -RRB- . I would recommend this also . The plywood is very light and can remain inside the carrier when stored . I stuffed the carrier to the max and took it on a 1,600 mile trip . I was surprised with how quiet it rode and my gas mileage was almost unaffected . It seems durable and does not show any sign of deterioration from use -LRB- once the bugs were cleaned off -RRB- . The advantages over a hardshell are :1 . Folding flat when not in use -LRB- great for storing since most of the time it wo n't be on my car -RRB- 2 . The sides and back zip open up so it is easy to load3 . CostI 'll give four stars -LRB- 4.5 if I had that option -RRB- for the following reasons that previous reviews mentioned :1 . A little moisture does come through the Velcro flaps on the bottom where the u-bolts attach to the rack . I expected this and loaded the carrier with that in mind so it did not present a real problem . I suppose that seam could be taped to eliminate that or slow it down . This is not a big issue . There was just a little moisture on the bottom only .2 . The nylon handles and straps on the side flap around and make noise that needs to be addressed before driving at speed . I tried to use Velcro with the self adhesive backing but that was n't a strong enough bond . Applying a few strips of duct tape held for the entire trip . I may apply a stronger adhesive to the velcro before I use it next time if I feel ambitious . Actually I thought about cutting the handles off since they really are n't needed.To me there are 2 slight design flaws , but overall it 's a nice product that performed as expected . I 'm pleased with this purchase .
 I have owned this roof carrier for about 4 years . Difficult to assemble without a lot of strength , but very practical when done . Easy and secure attachment . We use it on a VW Golf and an Audi for longer trips with our dog . Quite amazing how much can be packed in when organized well.The main problem now relates to the removable flexible brace in the top rear of the carrier , designed to keep the folding sides of the carrier upright . This has now pushed through the nylon pocket it slots into and then out through the side of the carrier . Poor quality finishing in areas that are difficult to see . This will be trying to achieve a good repair . It would be too bad to have to throw the carrier in the trash because of this small fault . The carrier is not waterproof . My impression is that rain comes up through the attachment holes in the bottom .
 I purchased this to be able to store it without taking up the entire shed . Great product . Easy set up , smooth zippers , waterproof and lots of room ! Fold down to only a few inches and can be laid flat or hang it on the wall . Highly recommended .
 The Rola 59150 Pursuit Folding Roof Top Carrier is lightwieght and very easy to mount on roof . I did find the instructions to be a little confusing but manageable . Carrier worked well and was easy to put up when done .
 I did a lot of searching online before deciding to try this roof top cargo carrier , but I definitely made the right decision ! It offers the aerodynamics and waterproofing of a hard shell carrier , but the flexibility of a typical nylon-type . It is made of a very durable material , so it should last for many trips . We just used it on a trip from Indiana to Florida and back . For the first couple hundred miles , we drove in steady rain and absolutely no water got in the carrier . I put it together in minutes with a little help from my teenage son and it was easy to install on the roof . It is designed to adapt to any roof rack and even folds flat when not in use so you do n't have to remove it while on your trip . It also features side and rear access so it 's easy to find what you need without removing everything . Also , the price is definitely competitive for what you get . I did n't find any other that came close to matching the feature/price combination .
 Have tried Yakima , and Thule for my SUV . Both were heavy to attach and remove - ca n't fit into garage with it . Rola carrier is amazing !!! I was able to put it together myself -LRB- woman -RRB- - not difficult at all . Taking my time after reading other reviews about it ripping , I was able to put it together in under 30 minutes . As told by others , Directions are bad , but you really do not need them . Very few pieces to assemble . Once on roof , so easy to load and unload . Took it off yesterday in 5 minutes and collapses to around 5 inches thickness making it extremely easy to store . Would defintiely recommend it .
 This carrier was used for our recent family trip from Indiana to Florida . It held 4 large duffel bags very well . We had a little issue with the zipper at first , but we fixed it and there was not another problem with it . The ease and convenience of folding it down was very nice . We also love the fact that it is so easily stored in our garage and does n't take up a lot of space .
 Worked well in light rain on a 600 mile trip . More moisture from condensation than anything else . Assembly is a bit tough , had to open up one of the holes where it snaps together , and cover is VERY tight on frame . One hint , if your crossbars are thin -LRB- like mine -RRB- you can place sections of rubber hose over the u bolts to take up the space . This also keeps them from scratching the cross bars .
 I 've used two different bag carriers in the past . Both were pains to use , especially in winter , when the zippers and fabric were stiff . In those cases , too , the zippers were on top , difficult to reach and stuff luggage . This Rola was a relief for my budget and back . Sturdy aluminum frame in a bottom sleeve that 's separate from luggage compartment -LRB- although part of a bracket ripped my inner fabric while inserting frame -RRB- . Flexible soft-side design has allowed me to fit a large family tent , 6 sleeping bags , about 6 duffel/backpacks , and 3 folded air mattresses -LRB- easily stuffed from one of 3 zippered doors with weather flaps -RRB- . On my 04 Durango , with crossbars , installation was simple and allowed enough room alongside for 6 camp chairs . I deducted a star b/c fabric ripped and instructions were poorly written . I love the collapsibility and provided rain fly . Although I was searching for a reasonable shell carrier , this seems like it is a better value . Smart design !
 Excellent product , good experience.My wife flew from Oregon to Arkansas to drive our daughter back from college in our BMW325 after graduation . Stuff accumulates , especially if you get an art degree . I wanted to make sure we could bring back as many of those $ 300/credit hour paintings as possible . We own a sleek locking Yakima clamshell carrier for our SUVs in Oregon , but it was too big to check as luggage with SWAir , and too expensive to ship via UPS or other shipper . Complicating the matter , we also have 2 sons who just finished their freshman and sophomore years at college in Oklahoma . We will be making cross-country road trips for several years so I decided to buy a new topper and have it shipped to my daughter.Carriers come in 2 basic types
 Two thumbs up.I purchased this carrier prior to a 9 day vacation . I drove about 2000 miles with it . I have a three row vehicle which has little storage when all three rows are utilized . The Rola Pursuit had enough room to handle all of our luggage for 3 adults and 3 kids for the duration.I drove with the carrier in 3 different conditions
 I used this for a long trip -LRB- there and back -RRB- , including some rain and mud , so I can speak from experience . The car I used it on is a 2003 Sequoia . It worked well for me . I liked the reinforced bug shield on the front . Now I know why it 's there . The thing was totally waterproof and dustproof . Here are some things to look out for . -LRB- 1 -RRB- When assembling it , do it on the floor or out on the driveway , some place with a lot of room to move it around and move yourself around . Put it all together , and seal it up once just like you are getting ready to leave . Seeing it sealed up from an easy angle will be a lot of help when you install and pack it on the roof . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Be careful about the frame . It 's slightly wider at one end than the other , so make sure you put the narrow end in first . If you try to put the wide end in first , it 'll act like it 's going to fit , but it really wo n't . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Give yourself lots of time to adjust the roof rack location and get the carrier attached to the car . The openings in the carrier where the U-bolts fit are very awkward to reach , especially the first time . Take your time ! Use a ladder if necessary to get a good angle into the carrier from the side . -LRB- 4 -RRB- This is the most important one . There is a flexible metal bar that fits inside the top , back of the carrier and holds the whole thing open for loading . Without this bar in place , the carrier falls in on itself -LRB- intentionally -RRB- for storage . The bar itself stays in place because each end fits into a pocket inside the top , back corners of the carrier . Make sure you get the ends in the pockets ! They are reinforced to deal with this pressure . If you do n't do this , the bar will eventually wear a hole in the carrier . The problem with mine was that these pockets were sewn in backwards , so it was impossible to make the thing work . I found this out after the trip , and there 's a small hole worn in the carrier from the bar pressing on it . I strongly recommend that you put this bar in place before putting the carrier on the roof . It 'll be easier to install , and it 'll hold the carrier open when you 're trying to reach those U-bolt holes . Doing this on the ground also allowed me to turn the back of the carrier inside out so that I could finally discover what was wrong with mine after I got home . -LRB- 5 -RRB- There are all kinds of straps and buckles on the outside . Examine them when the carrier 's assembled on the ground in your dry run so you 'll know what to do with them it 's on the roof . -LRB- 6 -RRB- The carrier comes with a cover so that it can be collapsed and sealed inside the cover when it 's in place on the roof . That 's fine while you 're at your destination if you do n't want to take the whole thing off and put it back on when you 're ready to travel home , but I found that when I drove at highway speeds with it folded up in the cover on my roof , the whole thing fluttered and vibrated like crazy . If sounded like a helicopter was sitting on my car roof . I stopped several times to push and pull and adjust , but it never went away .
 We got this carrier to use on a road trip from NC up to MA and back . We did n't want a hard shell carrier because we did n't have a place to store it when we were finished using it . And the soft cargo bags did n't look sturdy enough to hold everything in place . So we figured this would be the best of both worlds , and it really was . Also , the price was very good . We had some confusion putting the carrier together -LRB- did n't realize there was an underneath pocket to put the frame inside -RRB- , but when we figured it out , it did n't take long . We packed the carrier to use every possible inch of space , and had no problems on the way there or back . We even ran into a rainstorm and none of our belongings had even a drop of water on them . Once we were done , it was easy to take the carrier down and fold it up . Highly recommend this product .
 I ordered this beacuse all of the bags that you put on the car are difficult to load and can not carry larger items . This was exactly what I was looking for . It is long enough for golf clubs and boogie boards . The inside straps allowed me to tie things down . The carrier holds it shape so that it is easy to load . If you are at a destination that has a parking garage you can fold it down for extra clearance .
 This was the first time I used a roof top carrier . Putting it to gather was a little of a challenge because the instruction are not very clear but no college degree needed . I like the sides and rear loading . I was able to put one large suit case and one small one with enough room left for two Rip Sticks -LRB- vary large skate boards -RRB- and some bags . The carrier was very quiet , and after 7 hours of rain only one corner in the back was wet . It is easier to take off and store than folding it down and driving with it on . I highly recommend it .
 I bought this product after researching other soft-sided rooftop carriers . This one appealed to me for two main reasons
 I recently purchased this roof top carrier for my family 's drive from Minnesota to South Carolina . The first day we had this carrier , one of the straps ripped off where the front panel attaches . This was before we had it on top of the truck or anything in it . It came apart right at the seam - a major defect in the stitching that should not have been overlooked by the manufacturer . Being that we only a few days before we left MN , we had no choice but to find a quick fix -LRB- which included heavy duty glue and a very strong sewing kit . -RRB- The other downside is the handles on the sides flap in the wind creating a very annoying sound so we had to do a little MacGyvering with rope.We drove a total of 1300 miles in 3 days and it held up GREAT - better than expected !! The day we left MN is was -15 degrees and we encountered strong winds , snow , ice , rain , and warm temperatures in the south . We packed the carrier with a fold up stroller , 3 large totes filled with clothes , a garment bag with suits , and a large duffel bag that weighed about 50 lbs . with more clothes and blankets . Not one single item was wet or affected by the weather . This carrier is easy to install , easy to pack and unpack and perfect for storing in small places . It would have earned all 5 stars from us , if we did not have the issue of the strap coming apart . It is worth the money and we look forward to our next road trip with all the stuff we can bring !
 Great carrier , we drove about 700 + miles with it and it held up fine . I bought this because I read the reviews and most of the issues seemed to be about setup and delivery.I 'd have to say , the box that came from Amazon was pretty beat up but the contents seemed fine . The instructions were OK , but could have been better . Since I was forewarned about this by the reviews , I took a little more time to put it together and figure it out before mounting it.It mounted fine on our Honda Odyssey . Putting up the rear support bar and getting it into the little re-enforced pockets are a little tricky , but I got the hang of it after a few tries . I keep worrying that I 'll snap the bar if I flex it too much , but you need to flex it to get it into the pockets.The reviews were mixed about how well it keeps the contents dry , so I put all the bags into 32 gallon garbage bags for extra protection . That worked fine , the luggage remained dry . There was a little moisture on the outside of the garbage bags , but that could have been from condensation . The actual bags would have kept the contents dry . We were driving in some pretty bad rain storms.The carrier held up well even under strong wind and 80 + mph driving . It did cut the fuel economy by about 20 % but that 's to be expected . There was minor damage to the external vinyl , but it might be from road gravel throw up on the freeway.People complained about the handles flapping around on the freeway . A simple solution I found was to hook the extra latch that is not used in the deployed configuration on the handle and twist them together to take up the slack and lock them against the carrier . This seemed to work well.I loved the fact that once we got to the destination , I was able to unload and fold down the carrier . It allowed me to park in a normal parking structure . We would not have been able to do that with a hardcase carrier . Many of the reviews warned about road noise when the carrier is folded down . I was able to determine that the road noise mostly came from the cover flap the goes around the front of the carrier in the folded configuration . I was able to eliminate the noise by attaching a line of velcro tape to the bottom of the flap and five strips of the opposing side of the tape to the bottom of the carrier . This effectively created five contact points for the velcro that eliminated the flapping . I used sticky mounting tape to keep the velcro in place.This worked well until we ran into very high winds which then caused the nylon strap that goes across the middle of the carrier to flap around . The flap with the velcro held up well . I was not able to pull it tight enough to keep it from flapping . In fact , I overtightened the strap to the point that I slightly tore the cover :-LRB- Another three strips of velcro tape was the solution , and that kept the strap attached to the bottom on the carrier , eliminating the flapping.I attached the velcro hook and latch sides perpendicular to each other so it 's easier to remove . The small overlap was enough to stop the flapping.Of course , in the folded position , tuck the extra strap and handled under the cover so they do n't flap around.I was able to drive with the cover on at 80 + as well without excessive noise.All in all a great product . I gave it five stars because it met and exceeded my expectations , even if I had to modify it slightly.If Rola going to make a gen 2 , I would suggest adding the velcro to the locations I mentioned to make this thing even better .
 I BROUGHT THIS AS AN ADDITION TO HAVE AS A BACK UP TO FILTER I ALREADY HAVE . K/N IS THE BEST FILTERS TO HAVE . I HAVE ONE ON MY WIFE 'S CAR . YOU CAN NOT BEAT THE EXTRA FILTRATION AND ADDED `` PERFORMANCE '' . CLEANING IS VERY EASY ...
 Like the previous review , I too purchased this filter to have as a back-up and to swap during cleaning . The sheer size and 360 degree filter element design improves air flow , thus performance . Since I installed the FIPK on my Ford Ranger in 2005 , I have noticed much improvement in mileage , power and engine response . The loud and noticeable `` hiss '' while air is drawn in is normal , and an indication of how much volume of air is drawn . I would also recommend cleaning long before 50,000 miles , perhaps no longer than 15,000 when the fuel filter needs changed . Be sure you know the proper inlet size and filter dimensions before ordering to ensure fitment and clearance . This filter is a K&N factory replacement part for my FIPK system , and perhaps others as well . Very good build quality , strong , and easy to clean per instructions .
 I have not yet received this replacement air filter , but I already have this K&N kit installed on my 2003 Dodge Dakota sport and I can attest to the fact that the sound and horsepower difference are quite noticeable . I ordered the replacement air filter so I can have a spare to swap out when I clean it . That is probably the only disadvantage to the K&N system is that you have to wash the filter and wait for it to air dry before re-installing it . Getting a spare filter rectifies that problem .
 Excellent product , and very quick shipping . This filter is much better than the typical generic `` EBAY '' filters , I highly recommend K&N ; filters!K & N ; RU-4990 Universal Rubber Filter
 No more holding up manually !! No more getting smashed :-RRB- These are very easy to install . Extremely happy with this product .
 Finally ! No longer will I have to worry about my trunk lid slamming down on my neck ! BEST PURCHASE EVER ! Easy to install too .
 I would highly recommend spending a bit more for the StrongArm products over a generic trunk lift . Yes , you can find a less expensive trunk lift , but in my experience you will have to replace the generic lift sooner . In comparing the StrongArm to a generic lift , it is quite noticeable that the StrongArm is just a better made product .
 I installed a spoiler on my wife 's Sebring , but the original struts were too soft and it would close easy and slam shut -LRB- dangerous sometimes if the wind caught it -RRB- . These struts are much stiffer and hold the trunk up but maybe a little too much ; you really need to put some muscle into pulling it down . I contemplated putting one of the weaker struts back on to balance it out if they dont break-in over time .
 the best trunk shocks for my 2002 chrysler sebring gtc with spoiler this are heavy duty shocks I give this 5 stars .
 I like the Beck-Arnley brand because they ar generally premium quality and better made than most of the usual parts store parts . This was no exception .
 These pads are professionally packaged and best of all they are correct for my 2003 Hyundai Santa Fe 11.5 '' front rotors ! Remember , any Hyundai owners , check the size of pads and rotors because there is a difference between the front and rear . Fronts on some cars are larger diameter and the pads have to match the rotors . Fair price and speedy delivery . These were ordered on the weekend and arrived in plenty of time for the following Saturday .
 The tailpipe was easy to install and fit into the hangers with ease . The pipe was easy to clamp to the muffler and I have had no problems with the product . The tailpipe was a good value and should last me a long time .
 Being a beginner using the tape I employed my 15 year old daughter who is a bit of an an artist . With her assistance it went on easily around the car and looks wonderful .
 Good products with fast shipping and had a great price . Ca n't wait to intall ! Should look great against the red on my truck .
 On for ~ three months . These lights are perfect for my '09 Toyota Tacoma mounted on a Grille Guard aimed at high beam height at the sides of the road . I do not off-road so they are used to watch for wildlife on the sides of the roads/highways in Montana . Very nice looking , bright , great distance , excellent light pattern for me , VERY EASY TO INSTALL -LRB- excellent instructions , unlike Hella -RRB- . The only thing to be aware of is the interchangable lenses are not snap-on , you must choose the lens you desire and screw it on in place of any other ; not a problem for me to leave it on clear . Chipping could be a problem as there is no surface protection -LRB- most lights have a plastic grill which would likely crack anyway if hit by gravel -RRB- and I live in a gravel road area with sanded/graveled winter roads , but I plan on using the 3-M protection film , as I do on all of my lights . I would classify these as driving lights for roads , not off-road lights . Highly recommend .
 I bought these for my hood light bracket on my Jeep . They were easy to install with the instructions provided and are very bright . Great for off and on road driving conditions . The lights get very hot and I had trouble aiming them because I burned myself on the cases after they had been only only a couple of minutes . The cover on one melted as I was aligning the other one . Overall very satified with the product .
 great price ... great lights . the only thing i would change is the protective covers do not seem like they will stay on very well . so i dont install them being afraid of loosing them . other than that they are great .
 Great lights ! Look very good , very bright . I uploaded a picture of them mounted on my F-150 . I have the regular lens that they shipped with on . It also ships with fog light lenses and flood lenses . Very good quality , only problem is that a couple of screws that hold on the lens began to rust after a couple of weeks . I just cleaned the rust off with a small brush and then painted over them with a black paint pen , now seems to be fine . If you want a great light at a great price , look no further !
 these lights are great . look well built and are very bright , the wiring was very easy and I had them installed in well under an hour . I do n't like the way the black covers fit over the lights however , that is a poor design and I am afraid the covers might fall off on the road somewhere , also , the lens covers have to be changed with a screwdriver , so they are not really a three in one . but that being said , I like them and would buy another set without reserve .
 its for my driving lites on my hood.hope i dnt have problem installing it.how do i run the wires ??? yes
 mounted under front bumper on a chevy full size pickup for a couple years now with no problems . Been through a couple sets of bulbs though . product as expected
 I ordered these for a 2004 Ford F-150 SuperCrew truck . My first set had one visor that simply did not fit . After installing the other 3 before finding this out , I was somewhat worried . I contacted Amazon and they immediately shipped out another set . The offending visor was sent back and the proper fitting one was installed from the new package . The installation was pretty easy overall , although I highly suggest you check to see if your window will roll all of the way up PRIOR to using the double-sided tape . Once you install the tape , there is no removing it without damaging your window seals . They have been installed for about 6 months and work great to keep the rain out and the windows cracked during the heat of the summer . It definitely helps keep the interior cooler . My only complaint is that as time has gone on , the driver 's side window is having difficulty rolling up all the way . I like the looks of these since they mount in the window channel and give a cleaner appearance , but if I had to do it over I would probably go with the external mounted version so it would n't interfere with my windows .
 Used them on our Ford F150 , four door and they fit perfect . They deflect the wind and keep the rain from dripping in .
 I put these tips on my 2005 mustang and they look great ! Nice shine like chrome and the dual wall construction looks much better then single wall . Great upgrade !
 Car or truck it does not matter . I have this on my 2008 lancer and compliments it great .
 Great product . Have been using it about a year now with no complaints at all . Lets me crack the windows when it 's raining . Highly recommended .
 I love these back up lights bought four of them for more light on my Xterra when Im in reverse . They work great lights could be a little brighter but bought silverstars to fix that . hook up was simple and Amazon as always was great with shipping and price .
 We have a rather long driveway to back out of and with the tinted windows and subpar backup lights on the truck , it was difficult to see on those dark starless nights . The installation of the lights has provided enough light to adequately see . I decided to investigate auxillary lights after being in a situation where I dropped the left rear wheel into a ditch at night but fortunately no damage was done . I feel that avoiding similar problems and possible damage will easily pay for these lights . They are also very helpful when hooking up the utility trailer . A quality product .
 I was looking for work lights for the back of my pick up . These lighs installed nicely on my backrack and looks nice -LRB- have received compliments on them by more than one person -RRB- . I installed to the light switch that was already installed on the inside of my roof which was there by the factory for any auxilary lights .
 I installed these on my 03 F250 crew cab plow truck . Before installing these I could n't see a thing backing up ... bad thing for a plow truck ... after its like having a set of headlights on your bumper . The only thing I wish was different is if they had a slightly wider angle , but they do a pretty good job as is . They took me about a half hour to install , and that was even after I had installed them backwards -LRB- make sure you know which side you want to run your wires , that will dictate how you install each light , granted my truck is very long -RRB- . The other nice thing was I actually had left over materials . That never ever happens anymore . With most kits I 'm always having to use my own stuff or go out and buy something , but this has more than enough of everything to get the job done . I did n't buy the cab switch , so the lights come on and off with the reverse lights . I wish I had installed the switch to leave them on in all the time because I do snow plowing and it would be nice to be able to see if I was spilling over on the side of the plow.My truck also does n't have mud flaps on it , so these things get covered in ice , snow , sand , and salt . There was one time that I thought for sure they were going to break off with the amount of build up on them , but they held up just fine . They are built well and I would recommend them to anyone .
 This kit comes with all the parts necessary to do what needs to be done . Although , I modified it slightly to fit my needs . I already had a custom switch panel inside the cab of my 04 ' Jeep Liberty , with leads into the engine compartment . I just swapped the location of the relay to inside the engine compartment instead of at the back of the vehicle , used hose clamps to strap it to the under side of my hitch -LRB- rather than using the supplied hardware & plates to install directly to the body -RRB- and locked it down with a nut driver . The floods are EXTREMELY bright with a nice wide beam . Of course , there is a center focus of light , but the lens spreads the rest nicely . I pulled the housing apart to see how difficult replacing the lamp is , and it 's a piece of cake . It not a proprietary base or permanently encased . Just remove two screws and the lens with reflector . I might just buy the same model with similar lenses for various applications . Just spend a little more money than that generic crud , and you get all the needed wiring , -LRB- replaceable -RRB- relay with quick attach base , quick-release wiring from fixtures , even the split tubing to make it all pretty . The price here is much less than anywhere else.I highly recommend !
 I drive a 2007 Toyota 4Runner . The rear windows have factory tint and the OEM back up lights were never really useful . I purchased the KC HiLites 55w back up system from Amazon -LRB- which , as is the case most of the time , offered the best price -RRB- . The system is a slightly more clostly than throwing a couple of cheapo tractor lights under your bumper , but the lights are slim and sturdy . The kit comes with mounting hardware , relay , everything necessary to integrate the wiring correctly , and I know replacement parts are available if needed . The only additional materials I used for the install were zip ties and electrical tape . I am by no means an electrician and it took way longer than it should have to install , but I went slow so as not to blow up my beloved truck . They installed nicely into pre-existing holes in the bumper adjacent to the trailer hitch . The only drilling required was to mount the relay and ground the lights . You can purchase a switch separately if you want to control the lights independent from shifting into reverse . I did not do this because the lights are mounted too low to be useful as camping/work lights and would only serve to blind traffic if used on the road . -LSB- For any 4Runner owners who might be concerned , the lights do not hang lower than the exhaust tip and do not look to be in danger of being ripped off unless you are doing severe off roading and havent lifted your vehicle . -RSB- Depending on the application though , adding a switch could be useful . The lights work well and are a great improvement over the OEM back up lights at night . I recommend this kit .
 This backup light kit -LRB- 517 -RRB- from KC Hilites has everything you need . The wires are plenty long enough for an install on a full size Nissan Titan pickup . The plastic wire loom included in the kit -LRB- to keep the wire from rubbing against the frame/body -RRB- was also plenty long . In fact it was longer than the wire and I had to cut it to length.The relay included in the kit allows you to tap into the wire going to the OEM backup lights without drawing power from those lights for the new backup lights . KC Hilites also produces a switch kit -LRB- 6303 sold separately -RRB- that connects into the relay and allows you to turn on the backup lights without putting the vehicle into reverse.As noted in other reviews the description for this item is wrong on a number of accounts . Only one set of lenses is included , not three . These are the clear , long range lenses , not the fog or amber lenses . The illuminated switch is not included - that is item 6303 from KC Hilites . Light covers are also not included . The All Season version of this kit -LRB- 516 -RRB- does come with the extra lenses , switch and covers . Of course that kit is more expensive .
 I reread the description and found it says it has interchangeable lenses . No extra lenses were included , but then , I do n't think the box mentioned there being a second set . The ones it came with seem to be more on the spot light side -LRB- possibly the driving light it refers to -RRB- . Maybe that 's why another set of KC 517 lights is listed in the items also viewed title ... it may have the flood lense . The light they provide and the ease of the items in the kit gets it the 5 rating .
 I had mine installed on a Suburban and wired them into a seperate switch in the cab . This way I could use them for loading , trailering , etc without being in reverse . I ran them through a relay and everything was good to go . Nice and bright , good dispersion of light .
 These lights are terrific . I 've bought cheap flood lights and wired them in the same fashion as these , but they were never this bright . I mounted these on my 2000 Silverado right under the rear bumper very close to the reciever hitch so that they do n't limit my departure angle . With cheaper lights , I used to have trouble seeing at night when backing up in unlit areas . Thanks to these lights I do n't think that will ever be a problem again . Plus they look good !
 These lights were very easy to install . Even added an auxiliary switch so they can be used independent of reverse . Very simple and easy to follow instructions . Just wish they could be submersed .
 I installed this kit on my 2010 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited . Installation took quite a while -LRB- several hours over three days -RRB- , but I took my time and made sure everything was concealed and firmly connected . It worked the first time I tried it , though ! The kit is very complete -- there 's even more of the plastic wire tube than you need . -LRB- When was the last time you bought a kit where there was not only enough to do the job , but * extra * ! -RRB- The instructions were clear , and are presented in not only text but diagram form as well . All parts are of good quality . The lights are bright , and though I 'd love to have metal housings on them , the thermoplastic seems tough enough . -LRB- These lights are water resistant , but not waterproof -- They 'll handle storms and rain fine but are not for the back of your boat trailer . -RRB- There 's even a small KC sticker included . I do recommend these -- you need a certain level of mechanical aptitude and a good block of time , but they are worth it .
 Not sure what will happen when I back down a boat ramp since nothing says waterproof . I like the added light when I back up in the dark . Just worried about shorting them out in water , other than that , love them .
 I really like these mirrors . Ask anyone who knows me and they 'll tell ya , you wo n't hear me singing the praises of a product unless it is exceptional.Well I 'm singing about this one . For less than $ 50 I got a set of mirrors that almost look like factory parts , I say almost because of the `` Threaded Tightening Knob '' on the back side of the mirror . The knob is a dead give away that is not a factory extended mirror . Otherwise it fits my 2004 Silverado Z71 mirror like a glove.I have been using theses mirrors off and on for months with no problems , no vibration , no issues with wind , etc. . My camper is just wide enough that the factory mirrors on my truck look straight down the side of it . I could only see someone behind me if they moved over far enough to see around me . No I have a better view of what ever is behind me.Installation takes me about 2 min and removal is less than 60 seconds for the set . They sure look better that the style that is held on by brackets and rubber straps . I have seen towing mirrors that look like they were being held on with bungee cords wrapped around the vehicle mirrors , definitely did n't want any like that.Overall I am very pleased with this product .
 Our Chevy truck has chrome on the forward facing part of the mirror . After using these mirrors for a few camping trips , it ended up getting a little scuffed . It was n't bad , but it was noticable.I would have taken them off after each trip , but the installation -LRB- although not overly difficult -RRB- was not easy enough for me to do so every day.As for functionality , the mirror is a little small , and although it DID give me increased visiblity , it was n't quite what I was expecting.Maybe I was expecting too much from this mirror , but I could n't bring myself to give it 5-stars . I 'll keep using them -LRB- especially since the chrome is already scuffed !!! -RRB- , but this is n't a 5-star item .
 Very good deal . Lower cost than e-bay ! Works perfect for a 2000 Chevy Silverado truck .
 If you have one of the millions of GM pick ups with the base mirrors these are a reasonable add on for towing . They are easy to install after some practice . Easy to remove - not sure why some other reviewers had problems with this ... Just unscrew the clamp and slide them off . They are a little tough to adjust because you need to move the mirror beyond where you want it and let it snap back a bit . Just takes a little time . Once adjusted they stayed put . They are stable on the highway but on bumpy roads they cause my OEM mirror glass to vibrate more than the add ons . This is probably due to the extra weight of these . You will definitely want to take them off when you are not towing . They make your truck look like Dumbo and people will bump them in parking lots . Best price by far was Amazon when I bought them .
 Installed these on a 2000 Suburban C1500 with the plastic coated mirrors -LRB- not the chrome ones -RRB- . I pull a 29 foot trailer and have tried a couple of trips without these mirrors . The blind spot was huge and I really felt like I had no idea who was behind me.I bought these after looking at everything from the full mirror replacements to the 17.99 ones at Wally World and the car parts store . These are the ticket for the casual traveler on a budget . They were easy to install and fit nice and tight . I had no problem taking them off -LRB- took about 15 seconds per mirror -RRB- . Vibration was minimal -LRB- vibrated as much as the factory mirrors -RRB- . The mirrors stayed in place for the whole trip . Adjusting the mirrors is a little tough , but if it was easy I think that they would have moved . I got finger prints on the mirrors trying to adjust them but they wiped off no problem . The quality of the mirror is outstanding . Not that cheap cloudy stick on stuff that is worthless . And the best part was I could actually see what was behind me . Felt a lot more confident.Highly recommend .
 These are great . I put them on my '04 Suburban Z71 in @ 3 minutes . Used them for my 27 ' camper . Put on 1800 miles in 1 week and these were great . Did not loosen or vibrate and they look great .
 They look like factory mirrors on my Suburban . Fit tight . A hair tough putting on and off but I 'm getting the hang of it.I like em !
 nice mirrors for towing the rv they really help to see around traffic while towing the 27footer , just dont leave them on your truck while not in tow use people seem to try to want to take them !!!!!
 After reading the other reviews and talking with some friends that use these extensions I 'm glad i decided on these . They work great and have no vibration . I left them on for two weeks and they did not move at all . If you are in the market for mirror extensions these are the best for the price . My local RV parts store wanted $ 79 for the same ones listed here . you ca n't go wrong for $ 45 .
 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and performance of these relatively inexpensive add on 's . They are stable and clear and made my towing much less stressful .
 These are suprisingly good for a slip over mount . They are long enough to see around a full width enclosed trailer 102 inch . wide . The did n't shake of vibrate .
 Put these on a 2006 Yukon Denali XL to see around a 26 ' travel trailer . They fit like a glove and look very nice . Both the mount and the mirror are solid . You can adjust the little mirror , but it is stiff enough that it does n't vibrate going down the road . The instructions recommend cleaning your mirror before you put these on and I would recommend it too . The did n't scratch my mirrors and they were hard to slide on and off , but they are tight enough that if you have a large chunk of something on your mirror , it may cause damage to your mirror over time .
 I am sure they work great , if you buy them for the right truck . Sadly the hubby bought the wrong ones . They took them back no problems and sent us what he should have ordered in the 1st place ... So pay attention , if it clearly states &#34; NOT &#34; for blaw blaw blaw , and you own a Blaw Blaw Blaw , do n't order them LOL
 I wo n't tow without these on my truck . Debated paying lots and lots of money to order after-market `` towing mirrors '' but after reading many reviews complaining about OEM holes not lining up with after-market bolts and glass cracking or having to compromise either the electric adjustable feature or heated glass feature I thought ... No Thank You ! For that kind of money it should not only install itself but clean itself and wash my truck weekly also.Then I read reviews for CIPA 's Towing Mirrors ... was n't convinced they were going to be much but thought ... for the money I 'm spending , if they 're junk , I 'll return them.So happy with these ! Easy on . Easy off . Saved the box so , easy storage when not in use . High visibility . Mirrored glass easily adjusts . Very inexpensive -LRB- especially when you consider the alternatives ; OEM tow mirrors , after-market/complete/bolt-on tow mirrors , side swiping someone because you did n't buy CIPA mirrors and could n't see them beside you on the highway traveling 65mph and then replacing your vehicle and trailer ... that 'll cost you ! -RRB- I have recommended these to several friends already . Then I knew I was doing the right thing recommending them when I visited our local RV/Travel Trailer Dealership and the ONLY tow mirrors they sold were CIPA 's mirrors . If my next truck does n't have standard towing mirrors on it when I buy it ... I will be buying another pair of these ones !
 This is a fantastic product ... The mirrors install easy , look and work great . I original bought a Reese product at Walmart for twice the price that worked half as well .
 I purchased this for my 2005 Avalanche to use while I am towing my 28 foot camper . Prior to having these all I could see behind me was my camper , now I can see any car that is behind me , it 's a must have for anyone pulling a trailer that is difficult to see behind and is much better and more stock looking than the other mirror options out there .
 Altho I no longer RV & have sold my tow vehicle I have nothing but praise for how well these mirrors performed . Great product !!
 These mirrors look like OEM but way cheaper . They fit perfect , do n't vibrate , look good and work great . Best after-market towing mirrors I have ever had . I found the best price on Amazon and got free shipping .
 found the mirrors to be well designed but do not quite fit over my factory mirrors without a struggle to get them on . I believe that the mirrors are designed to fit a number of different vehicles and you have to only half believe that thay will fit properly . I would buy them from a brick & mortor seller where you could easily take them back if they did n't quite fit .
 I have not had the opportunity to use these mirrors yet but they came in great time and am planning the first trip next weekend
 THE MIRRORS INSTALLED RATHER SIMPLY . I HAVE ON USED THEM ON A SHORT TRIP , BUT THEY GIVE ADDED REAR TRAILER VISABILITY .
 I use these on a 2000 Suburban . I have had them for a couple of years and these mirrors were worth the money spent . Easy on and off . I have used them multiple times and have not had a problem other than getting used to looking at four mirrors instead of two . These are much cheaper than the exact same thing at a local travel trailer store .
 These look great and work very good I have a chev 2008 we tow a 29 ft camperjust what we were lookin for easy on easy off .
 These fit really nice and work well ... highly recommend if you are towing !! they dont slide like some of my past mirrors !!
 My buddy and I were coming home from a snowmobile trip with his enclosed trailer and we got pulled over for not having mirror extensions . He got dinged with a $ 180 fine . So I figured $ 45 upfront made more sense and bought some for my truck , since I have been pulling an enclosed trailer for a few years without them . These fit nicely and are easy on , easy off . Good value .
 Pretty good mirrors after I figured out how to get them on properly . Left black marks on my white factory mirrors but they come out with polishing compound .
 I bought these mirrors based on the reviews I read . The mirrors are pretty easy to put on . Put the mirrors on exactly how the directions say . Now I can see behind me . The mirrors fit snug and there is no vibration or movement at all . I definitely recommend these mirrors .
 These are fantastic . Fit perfect without rattles or worries of coming off on the interstate . A little tricky to put on but worth the piece of mind .
 I was n't sure about purchasing these `` Towing Mirrors '' because they were n't `` pricey '' as some of the other ones I had been looking at until I received them . They are GREAT for the very reasonable price and I highly recommend them . They are very easy to install and remove . I pull an 8 foot wide cargo trailer and these mirrors extend just right for seeing around the trailer . I give them 5 stars .
 The mirror extensions arrived quickly via UPS in good condition . They work as advertised ! They install and are removed easily . They do not hurt the finish of the vehicle mirrors in any way . They are stable in motion and are easily adjusted . I am very pleased with these mirrors .
 I spent a lot of time researching towing mirrors for my 2002 Silverado . My RV is a 26 ' Travel Trailer that is just about 30 ' in total length . I wanted something that would be easy to use , and that would give me good rear vision without a lot of vibrations . I narrowed it down to these , or the McKesh Mirrors . I decided on these based on the reviews , the look , and the price point . I am glad that I did . They install easily , I have had no vibrations at all with them , and they look like they belong on the truck , and they store nicely in my Trailer 's storage bins . The only part I am not real happy with is adjusting them . The mirrors are very stiff to move , but once in place they stay where I have put them . I am sure this is why they do not vibrate being that they are rather stiff to move around . I would rather a little difficulty adjusting them up front if that means they will be firmer while traveling . Fortunately this adjustment only needs to be done once . I would recommend them , they work great .
 These extended mirrors are the best ! They slip over OEM mirrow snuggly , and stay in place , no vibration , no movement . They extend your view like the $ 500 a piece mirrors the dealer will sell you at a fraction of the price . I recomend this product to anyone pulling a toyhauler or other trailer .
 The tow mirror extensions work great causing no extra blind spots like some taller factory tow mirrors and when not in use they come off just as easy as they were to install leaving your truck looking sporty either on or off .
 These mirrors look great and work perfectly on my 2001 Suburban ! They are a little hard to clip on but once they are they do n't shake or vibrate at all . Even at 75 mph . When I first put them on and looked through them , they did n't seem to offer that different of a view . But once I hooked up my trailer and got on the road , they make a big difference !
 The mirrors fit very well ; and work great . As always ; the shipping was prompt.Thank you very much for your excellent service at a great price .
 A well designed product . Fits the vehicles mirrors perfectly . On our first 600 mile trip they never moved an inch . Easy to put on and take off . Highly recomended .
 Mirrors arrived within a few days and fit my 2004 GMC Sierra 2500HD well . They are more secure than my previous towing mirrors . Instruction on to install , but no instructions on how to remove . Not sure if that will be a problem , but it was very tight installing ; so not sure how easily they will come back off .
 Bought these for my Chevy Avalanche . We purchased a pop-up that rides high off the road so we can get back to remote sites . These mirrors will help us see a little better berhind the trailer . One of the screw knobs was missing so I e-mailed customer service . They got back to me in less than an hour and will mail the part immediately . Ca n't ask for better customer service ! As to the mirrors , they fit snugly , so it takes a little work to get them on , but I think they will stay on at interstate speeds , so a tight fit is good .
 The mirrors arrived fast and packaged well . They are perfect for our side mirrors when pulling our travel trailer . They wo n't interfere with the existing mirror electronic movements -LRB- like others do -RRB- and stay put when traveling .
 I owned a cheap pair of towing mirrors that were given to me and they were aweful . These worked great ! Easy to put on and take off , and a great custom look . I used them on a 400 mile round trip vacation and there was zero vibration ! Easy to adjust and at a fairly cheap price . I would recommend these !
 These mirrors were great for towing our trailer . Pay attention to the top side which is longer and that dictates which side the mirror goes on . For instance if the top side ridge is longer than the bottom ridge it goes to the left side . Otherwise if you get them mixed up you will find they do not mix . The mirrors are great once on and I highly recommend them for those of us who need these extra views only while towing ! Great find !
 When the dealer wants $ 500 for mirrors , these are a great alternative . We leave them on all the time and they are a must when towing a large trailer .
 Afer reading previous reviews , these mirrors were what I expected ! A little effort is required to install and they vibrate some in windy conditions . Not like factory installed mirrors but a good alternative.Would buy again !
 I have used these mirror extensions on my '02 GMC Sierra and they have worked great for the past two years . I tried a few other mirror extensions and they all failed at some point or another by falling off or vibrating too much . These have really out preformed them all.Only getting another set because one broke in a car wash and they only sell them as a set . It is cheaper to by them from Amazon as a set rather then buy then individually at Camping World .
 These mirrors fit perfect , and look great ! We purchased others , but they looked cheap , and did n't fit as advertized . We were able to match the mirror with the make & model of our truck , and they did exactly as we hoped they would . A happy customer !
 Very good product fits like a glove with very little vibration . If there is a negative it would be that the passenger mirror is not concaved like your truck mirror .
 You ca n't beat these mirrors for the price . They fit VERY well and there 's no shake or vibration . The screw knob is a little hokey-looking but , for the price , these are great mirrors ! I place masking tape over my painted mirror housings to protect the paint from the clamping system and have n't had any issues after a season of towing .
 Looks like a great design ; wish they fit my truck . Be careful when you order . I ordered these mirrors for my 2005 Chevy Silverado 3500 . I had put my truck details in Amazon and Amazon had a line on the page that told me `` This product fits your 2005 Chevrolet Silverado 3500 '' . NOT . I should have questioned it when I saw the `` Will Not Fit The Full Chrome Or Telescopic Mirror '' . Mine do n't telescope but they are supposed to , that broke years ago which is why I wanted these mirrors . Go to the CIPA USA web site . It has good pictures of what the factory mirror looks like that these fit .
 These are really nice . No shaking they stay pretty steady and look so much nicer than the metal mirrors . They have a very custom look .
 This fastened onto my my stock mirrors to give better view when towing my rv . They look very professional except for the knobs that fastened them onto the mirrors . Stayed in place while traveling .
 These mirrors are easy to install and very easy to adjust once on the vehicle . I would recommend to anybody who pulls a large bumper pull trailer .
 These mirrors are great . They are a little awkward at first to get on but once you figure out how they go on and off with ease . They do vibrate a little bit but not enough to affect the view . The view out of them is great as you can clearly see what is on the side of you and your load at all times ! Well worth the money !
 Exactly what was offered , fit nicely , no major prep work , wo n't fade or crack , adjusts perfectly , easy removal and fits under seat in truck
 These mirror extentions work great.I tryed A pair Of strap on mirrors my neighbor let me try , but thay did n't seem very stable . I forgot to check the spacer bar that fits in the back of the mirrors when I put them on one time , and one flew off the passenger side , I was able to go back and find it , and the housing was only cracked , and I was able to super glue the crack and keep using it.thanks for reading my review.Bruce
 I purchased these for my GMC Sierra 1500 for pulling a 24 ' enclosed race car trailer as the stock mirrors did not extend far enough to see down the side of the trailer while pulling . The fit is great and they look pretty good , almost like they are stock . They provide just enough extension to see down the side of the trailer . I have not used them extensively for a long haul , just short around town trips , but they get the job done . I did not want the strap-on variety because I felt that at speed they might not stay on and provide a vibration free view and purchased these and am very happy .
 I had some suction cup mirrors that my rv place pushed on me and disliked . These mirrors do n't shake they are very sturdy ! Wish I would have went with these right away like i intended .
 I purchased this for my 2006 Silverado , the fit is snug which is good . I think it will work great while towing my 34ft TT .
 The towing mirrors looked and worked as described . They snapped on to my 2005 Silverado mirrors with no problem . Stable and secure while towing . I 'm happy with this purchase .
 After checking on the price of OEM towing mirrors for my 95 Silverado , these are one heck of a deal !! These will do the trick . I did find that they required more force than I thought necessary to `` snap '' over the top . I found this due to the contoured insert that form fits the back of the OEM mirror . A bit of sanding on the belt sander and some trial fitting , they go on much easier but are still tight . This is a great buy for the money . Fast shipment also .
 Works great and fits well . You can see a little inside the mirror -LRB- between the cover and OEM mirror -RRB- when sitting in the vehicle , but it has to be this way in order to slide over the OEM mirror . CIPA could probably design a rubber flap to cover this gap . The right hand side mirror takes some getting use to because it is so far from your eyes .
 I purchased this mirror for my Silverdo a little skeptical of how it would work after hearing everyone say how much these types of extension mirrors vibrate and are difficult to adjust . However , I found they worked PERFECTLY . No vibration at all , and just long enough to let me see behind my 8 foot wide travel trailer . I would highly recommend these to anyone considering them . If you follow the directions which are quite simple when putting them on you will not have any problems at all . Very good purchase !
 Mounted on 2004 Silverado Ext cab , 2WD - The mirrors fit well , no vibration , delivered fast , good quality and good looks . What else do you want ?
 No surprises here . The item listed is exactly what I received . The mirrors were easy to install and fit perfectly on my Silverado truck . I 've looked around at other aftermarket mirrors and none can compare for style , fit , function and price . You will not be disappointed with this set of mirrors .
 Mirrors work great they made a big difference when towing my 27 ' camper . They are easy to instal/remove and they stay put at highway speedsCIPA 10800 Chevrolet/GMC Custom Pair Towing Mirrors
 The mirrors work very well . There is not as much vibration as I 've seen from the universal mirrors caused by the wind going down the road . I would buy these again if necessary .
 mirrors install easily and hold very firm without shaking like the ones that attach with straps . They also look very good on my suburban .
 These mirrors work great . They help us clearly see traffic around our camper . The mirrors can easily be attached or removed .
 Very satisfied . Shipping was fast , and installation took but a few minutes . Other than being a few inches longer now these mirrors matached up to the factory mirrors perfectly as though they had always been there . After reading other reviews about the possibility of theft due to a hand tightening knob , I substitued a short stainless steel bolt . The mounting is secure , and I have had no vibration issues even on the dirt roads in my area . These mirrors are doing exactly what was needed when I pull a trailer , and at a fraction of the cost of other mirrors .
 These mirrors are just what I expected . They are easy to install , fit perfectly , project far enough to see along the side of the trailer and do not vibrate in the wind . I feel that they are better than the built-in extending mirrors , and cost far less . I have not had to adjust them since the first time I set them up .
 I bought these mirrors after using the Amazon Android app to scan a product at an RV store where I was renting a toy hauler . The RV store was asking $ 58 each for the left & right mirrors -LRB- to be purchased separately -RRB- , while I found this pair of mirrors for only $ 49 on Amazon . I was going to be leaving the following day on a camping trip for which I 'd need the mirrors , so I ordered them right away via the app & added the 1-day shipping via Amazon Prime . I had the mirrors in the early afternoon the next day , just in time for my trip , and I assembled them & installed them over my 2006 Chevy Suburban 's mirrors . After hooking up to the trailer , I adjusted the mirrors to be able to see more of what was directly behind and alongside the trailer , while my vehicle 's mirrors stayed in their default position , seeing more of what 's closer alongside the trailer & vehicle . The mirrors performed very well as regards vibration - there was no more vibration than in my vehicle 's factory mirrors . Adjusting was easy , with the help of my daughter in the co-driver 's seat , and I was able to see clearly to make lane changes more safely . The mirrors do n't seem to help too much in backing into a camping space , but did seem to help in straight-line backing into an RV parking spot at a truck stop.I 've purchased and returned another pair of cheaper add-on mirrors for our previous vehicle that used rubber straps around the back -LRB- front ? -RRB- of the mirror ; they vibrated too much and were useless , as well as not holding their position well . For the money , these mirrors are a great buy , and should work very well for us when we eventually decide on which toy hauler RV to purchase .
 We used these mirrors while towing our camping trailer and they really worked good . Had used some years ago but the vibration was terrible . These did not vibrate . Received them just in time before we were leaving .
 Like many other reviewers these worked great for me . I have non-chromed trim on my truck mirrors . Followed the instructions for assembly . Easy on , easy off the truck , literally 3 minutes . Very snug fit on existing mirror . Not a huge viewing mirror but enough to see what 's behind you . I take them off when not in use and store them in the original box . Great price , fast shipping , 2 thumbs up .
 I 've used these on about four camping trips on my surburban and they work as I 'd expect . A little more visibility on the sides was what I was looking for . Installation is bit tight , but that helps keep the fit secure . I can see how they would scratch the chrome version mirrors . Mine are all black so it does not matter . Good price/performance .
 bought these but they do NOT fit a 2000 chevy c/k pickup . -LRB- when they request you to check to see if they fit and you put in 2000 chevy c3500 it says they will fit . -RRB- I went to cipa 's website and they say I need to order 10200 mirrors . I love amazon and have ordered the 10200 mirrors . I 've got my fingers crossed that they will be correct . I gave it 5 stars because they seem like great quality mirrors and they are made in America !
 I can see behind me now when towing my trailer , I ca n't believe what I got used too . Simple to install and remove
 I got this for my brother for Christmas as a gift . When I opened them I was so pleasently pleased ! They are nice and thick and the Tigger and Pooh stand out nice . I know that he will love them and that they will last him a long time . Looking forward to him opening them on Christmas morning .
 The price I paid was well below what is normally on this site . Well worth the $ but best to go with an extra person to help you .
 wheels look great ! just as i envisioned them . have already been asked where i got them ... apparently these a very sought after
 Excellent product , I bought it for my daughters new car as a birthday present , installed the whole thing in less than 10 minutes
 This tool is a real rip and tear tool and this is what you need . If you are a tool person you alread know about KD tools You also know that the same exact tool made by somebody goes out to dozens of vendors under their own name . You also know that there are knock offs . I have never seen a KD dud .
 Read the prior review . Understand that this is NOT Anti-Freeze for your Windshield . It is for summertime use when you try to drive while reducing the world 's population of bugs.Rain-X product seems to leave a film.Some of the other `` Bug Washes '' I have tried , do n't seem to do much better than soapy water.Preston has another product , which IS Windshield Wash Anti-Freeze , and is NOT bug wash , and does a better job than their competitors of remaining liquid when it gets cold.I am not associated with Preston . I just drive alot - through middle TN and southern KY , year round . I have tried every product sold at AutoZone and O'Rielly Auto Parts .
 I commute to work at night on the highway and bug splatters are a big problem , especially since they 've been out in swarms this summer . I 've tried several washer fluids , but this is the only one I have found that actually works . Purchased from Walmart for less than $ 2/gal . Would highly recommend . Remember to replace with a De-Icer when winter comes , it 's Bug Wash , not Ice Thaw .
 Nice quality product ... Thick and not flimsy like other shades and fit my Crossfire perfectly . Not only does it block out the sun but seems to insulate as well .
 is a very good product I recommend , worked perfectly on my crv 2003.1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 11 12 13 14 15
 This is actually my third mirror on the passenger side , seems that construction barrels like to gobble them up . I pull a combination of trailers , 5th wheel RV -LRB- 33 ' -RRB- , GooseNeck livestock trailer -LRB- 24 ' -RRB- , enclosed drop tail 8X12 ' Emerson trailer and a 5X8 lawn trailer . The mirror extensions work great regardless of the trailer being towed . I have found a mono-pod -LRB- single leg camera tri-pod -RRB- works great for adjusting the passenger side mirror without assistance or a dozen trips around the front of the truck to adjust . Now I just need to avoid the construction barrels .
 I have a set of these mirrors from my 99 Chevy Tahoe . We used them for towing our 27 ' travel trailer/camper . They worked great . They did the job , allowed higher visibility of the tow vehicle , stayed in place and yet were easily removable for the non-camping season .
 Purchased a pair of these for my 1996 Chevy 3500 dually with a 91/2 ' cabover camper on it . They install quickly , simply and do not vibrate or shake in use . Kudos for an inexpensive item that actually works as advertised !
 Looked at alot of options . This one is very easy to take on and off and it looks good .
 These lights are some of the best out on the market . Amazon had the cheapest price on these light at the time . I was skeptical at first about ordering these lights and could n't find out much about them . They are HID colored and come on instantly where the Daylights fades on and fades off . These just take a few seconds to build up their intensity . I like driving with these lights down my back roads . 23 year warranty on all the parts and each unit is serialized . Also the wire has been wrapped up nicely to prevent moisture and there is plenty of wire to run anywhere . Overall I am 100 % happy with these lights ! Make sure you use a rock or stone guard and cover when not in use . Also light locks are an added measure against theft .
 Got ta love KC . The case on these lights is chromed metal with glass lenses . They are darn tough . They have a rubber gasket at the base that helps absorb vibrations . Mine have been great . The 30watt draw has no effect on my vehicle like my old 100watt lights did . . and these have the same effective output . And actually HID is so much whiter they look even brighter . The pencil beams really penetrate the darkness ahead . Has saved me from hitting many dear , elk , and even a fallen tree . Also , they were a snap to install - for me I replaced my factory fog/driving lights with these . One small downer , the lens covers are very unattractive . Fortunately Amazon.com has a ton to choose from for a few bucks . Great lights ! Like them way better then PIAA with their cheap plastic housing and lens setups . And KC covers them with a 25 year warranty .
 Look great on the truck and function extremely well ! The only downfall is that the window rattles on the ventshade when windows are slightly down . This is very minor and something I 'm sure most people would not notice , this is why in not letting it affect the overall rating negatively .
 These shades were ultra easy to install . There appears to be no issues with window function after a month . Function is perfect for letting heat out etc of course . The sleek look is a nice improvement over prior models with double sticky tape . Very pleased here .
 These vent shades fit perfectly in my Jeep , it was almost too easy ! I had only used the stick on ones before . . never again
 I 've used this product on three of my own vehicles , and twice that if you include extended family members . . I HIGHLY recommend AVS products . I 've never once had a problem , the look is clean , and tons of support and tutorials online if needed .
 I am totally thrilled with this purchase ! Hi quality and great fit for our Yukon and I would recommend these for sure !
 We purchased this before we moved to Oregon in anticipation for extra mud , dirt and rain ! This is one of the best purchases we have made for the Tahoe . It fit perfectly and it makes clean up easy as can be . We have gone to the coast several times since we got it and we were able to clean up sand and dirt fast . Highly recommended .
 This antenna picks up 90 % of the stations , has some signal noise with some of the stations , does n't work quite as well as larger rod type units , but still has pretty good sound . If you have a car with a faulty glass mount antenna that the dealer wants to replace for $ 400 , then this is your cheap alternative to hide in the dash .
 For cosmetic reasons my car has been without an antenna for the last 3 years . Something I have tolerated as I rarely used the radio . Without an antenna it would tune 0 stations . I finally decided to install this hidden antenna in my car for the occasional time I wanted radio and went with this one . Overall I have been fairly impressed in that it tunes in a fair number of stations . Nowhere near as good as the original antenna , but better than nothing for a hidden option.I 'm about to buy a second one for an antique vehicle of mine that never had an original antenna.Overall a good $ 25 solution that is completely hidden , and provides decent reception . No regrets . Perfect for an old vehicle you dont want to drill holes in for an antenna . Not likely to be an upgrade to a modern vehicle though .
 I purchased this product for use in a Custom 1963 GMC pickup truck.Although the item did not come with any velcro as was stated would be included , it works perfectly and gets great reception even mounted under the metal dashboard.The best part is the price . I work at a dealership where we sell the Dakota Digital brand hidden antenna for $ 80 , this is the exact same product for less than 1/3 the price .
 The ideal place for this antenna is in the upper right windshield above the passenger . It is hardly noticeable there and gets the best possible reception . I installed it myself in 20 minutes without any experience , I just ran and tucked the wire into the soft molding along the C pillar in front of the passenger door , went under the passenger footwell under the floormat and up under the plastic airvent behind the radio . Popped the radio out , pulled out the old antenna connection -LRB- I needed an adapter to go from my Kenwood radio to the antenna cable -RRB- and inserted the new one . Tied the 12v to one that was labeled `` P Cont '' -LRB- I assumed it meant Power Continuous -RRB- , popped the radio back in and I was done . Reception for my HD radio is strong so far . My only worry is if I was supposed to find a wire that was labeled 12v because I could n't find one ; - -RRB-
 I had no desire to drill more holes in my boat so I wentwith this hidden antenna . It actually works pretty well .
 I have always have to gauges for spark plug calibration . The standard several size gauge with inches and metrical , and then I have this one which allows you to measure more specifically what is your exact current gap .
 These signal arrows were installed on the auxillary mirrors for the SUV , used when pulling a camper trailer . This gives very high visability for other vehicles when I want to turn , especially for cars driving alongside the trailer . The wiring was done with polarized plugs and receptacles -LRB- Mono speaker jacks and plugs really . -RRB- , so I can remove the mirrors and disconnect the wiring when using the SUV alone.Since the arrows are highly visible to me , they serve as a reminder to stop signaling after a turn , instead of having my dear wife smack me upside along the head.The arrows were easy to install on the mirrors , the wiring was simple , and the cost is very reasonable . The only concern is that the wires with the arrows are a very small gauge -- I hope they can stand up under the normal `` wear and tear '' . Note
 Had originally installed replacement glass on my Tow mirrors For 2000 F250 and where miserable to install and in one year problems were to much to deal with I had to replace both Mirror assemblies and wanted something to give me similar functionality and bought these and they are great
 It 's great and I 'm enjoying it . It was really difficult for me to install , so I had to wait for someone to install it for me . But I like it .
 These LED add a signal arrows are great . They each have two wires , a positive and a ground . I tapped into my rear turn signals -LRB- you can tap into front as well -RRB- and they work ! They 're very bright and visible but not too big . My only gripes are the wires are too short and too small . It 's almost a joke . They are about 4 inches long . No way you can reach your turn signals . And they 're as little as 22 gauge . I wired them to a 25 ' 18 gauge wire then went from there . You have to be creative so do n't expect to have it installed in 5min if it 's for your primary side mirrors .
 This cargo liner ships in a huge box , but fits the cargo area perfectly and keeps the semi-vertical edges in place.The color and texture are both nice -LRB- I have the black -RRB- , allowing pets a decent grip while allowing you to slide parcels or packages around.Highly recommended .
 KEeps the car clean and protects it from getting wet and moldy . A great purchase for Mom 's new car ! I recommend it highly .
 This item not only protecs the value of my auto but looks good doing it . It fits perfect and is tough as nails . Now I need to get one for my 07 VW sedan .
 Very happy with this shade . The fit was perfect . In fact , I do n't even need to use the sun visors to hold in place . The appearance is deceiving . The white backing looks like alligator skin and the reflective side looks like a cheap , wrinkled , dollar store import . But once unrolled , the excellent quality is apparent . The attached Velcro strap works very well . Need to see if it 's available for my Tundra .
 I was skeptical about paying this much for a cargo mat , but it does its job It fits perfect without the third row seats The first day using it , my box I keep my wet wetsuit in sprung a leak and the liner held all the water without any carpet getting wet .
 Installed this circuit board on my Avion fifth wheel , flipped the switch and the water heater came on . Yippeee ! That was the problem with intermediate signal being sent to the ignighter !
 Installed new circuit board and it worked fine . I was worried because the part number was different but the description said it should and it did .
 Very happy with the result so far . Has a nice soft sound and constructed well . If putting on Jeep recommend you jack up the body which gives you a couple of inches to get into place .
 Correct fit for my Grand Cherokee.Extremely pleased with the price and happy with the shipping.Cheapest price around and worth the wait with shipping than buying from a part store nearby
 Can not go wrong with these . I installed them in a 2011 Ford Ranger Sport . Good value for the money . Used Rubberqueen mats for ever .
 Perfect to replace a lost key set . Did not come with the directions but they emailed us them and we were able to program it .
 Fits great looks great and makes my gal digs it . . and it does not move at all when riding . . well worth the cash !
 This phantom pad is real light in weight , good for carrying around especially when you do not want to leave it on your fender . The comfy level is much better then the cheaper alternatives around . The suction cups is very secure . I have another Phantom Pad gel using the same suction cups.My ride is a 2010 forty eight with progressive 412 's . I am 156lbs and my pillion is 99lbs . I would recommend this product !
 The product installed in 15 minutes , very easy for anyone with even basic mechanical knowledge . Beyond that my 1999 Yukon went from 13 mpg city to 14.5 city . A longer sample will be necessary for a true determination if it saves me gas . It `` feels '' like I have more power at the pedal but without a dyno test that 's just a guess . I really bought it to try to save some beans on gas , we 'll see how that works out in the long run .
 I have used K&N in all of my vehicles . This is the first one I have ordered that was for a custom application . It has preformed as expected . I expect performance from my products and K&N filters have proven themselves time and time again .
 I 'm mostly using indoors -LRB- a big group camping trip will be my first trial of it outside later this year -RRB- , but this device is really designed to work great outside . Everything is ground fault protected , buttons are covered with a rubber face , and the circuit breakers are covered with metal lid . The one suggestion I would have is that the outlets are not labeled as far as what phase or which breaker they are associated with , so it 's too easy to overload one leg of the circuit .
 Fel-pre is consistently the best product for automotive use . I hope they continue making these products for as long as I live and beyond .
 The product arrived in excellent condition . Easy install with immediate performance observed ! I highly recommend this product to entry level tuners .
 Great product , looks good and fits nicely . Super service , as I received it in time for Christmas.I highly recommend it .
 The kind of replacement oil caps you will find at the retail auto parts stores are cheap . I broke two of them within a few months . This one is solid and does n't use the flimsy spring construction that the aforementioned do . This is a solid cap . Wo n't snap when you twist it off in the cold .
 They fit perfectly ! I have a Toyota 4Runner and they look great on it . In channel which is the best route to go . The tacky on them is thin enough to install and string enough to hold well . Easy to install .
 My wife relly likes this product.It allows her to carry water as well as some junk , which nearly all women carry.It also works great picking up the mail.It doesnt slip or fly around when rideing.The price is cheap great product .
 The item arrived in a timely manner and in good shape . It installed very easily and was able to cut to fit . Was concerned there was no hardware to affix to tailgate but so far so good .
 I used these mirror extensions for 3 years on a 2003 Dodge Ram while towing a travel trailer putting over 20,000 miles on the truck while using them . They are a great alternative to replacing your OEM mirrors ! Some slight vibration but not anything to worry about .
 Perfect mirrors to go camping with ... we can see upcoming traffic easily while on the road & makes parking/backing up our trailer so much simpler .
 They are handy and a lot less expensive then factory towing mirrors . Good clarity and easy to put on and remove .
 Unless using stud mount or surface mount , you need the grommet to mount in the wall of a box or the optional mounting bracket . A must Have !!!
 Pros
 I was quite skeptical about this but it works great . You place it ontop of your garage door opener , screw it into your light bulb socket -LRB- this may be a bit of a problem if you only have one light bulb socket in your garage door opener because you can not have this and the light bulb screwed in simultaneously . You have to remove the light bulb . I have two lights so this was not a problem . -RRB- and point it down on your dash board . In my case I have it setup so that the back of the minivan just clears the garage door . It allows for very precise parking and it stops my wife from closing the garage door on our minivan .
 I did the research and even ordered one of `` the others '' which I never received . I then found this one and relied on the reviews . THEY ARE CORRECT . This unit has NICE bright lasers . You get TWO in the package . IT is easy to connect using a light bulb plug adapter to the light socket on your garage door opener . This eliminates the issues of `` the others '' which many say do n't stay on long enough . When your garage light is turned on , your laser is on and visa versa . If you think you need to loose a light to install this , you do n't . You can buy a `` Y '' adapter -LRB- if your light compartment is tight on space -RRB- or a light adapter with a outlet in it . -LRB- depending upon the `` space '' in your openers light bulb compartment -RRB- . You also DO N'T have the issue of not being able to adjust the lasers , like some have complained on `` the others '' . They are very adjustable.In my case , I only park one car in my garage so I only used one laser . -LRB- keeping the other as a spare -RRB- . with my garage set up -LRB- Overhead Door older Legacy -RRB- , my light compartment was a bit tight , so I used a lightbulb `` Y '' adapter which allowed me to position the bulb differently AND use the other end of the `` Y '' to put in the plug adapter that they give you to plug in the little transformer . I was able to install the laser very neatly on the backside of my garage door opener `` head '' . Had my wife pull in the car where we wanted it , adjusted the laser to the spot she said she could best use and it was done.GOOD PRICE , EASY to install , best features of `` them all `` ORDER THIS ONE , you WO N'T be Sorry ... PS - I KNOW the picture is bad . You get two wired lasers with mounting hardware on each . One lightbulb plug adapter , one transformer with a `` Y '' wire so you can plug in one of both of the lasers . And ... . instructions
 Highly recommended . Very bright laser lights stay on while the garage door lights are on . Was searching for a better way to park my wife 's brand new car in the same spot in the garage every time.Didn ' t want to have the kids yanking on the old tennis all and cord technique anytime they were in the garage . Happen to have a garage door opener that has lights on both sides ... Sacrificing one light bulb socket for this laser guided system has proven the best way to line up the vehicle ever !
 I have no complaints about the product . Each laser is fully adjustable 360 degrees and can be individually mounted . I purchased from Home Depot a light socket extension with an electrical outlet to plug in the transformer into the garage opener 's light socket . The transformer powers two lasers . One is slightly less bright than the other , but not enough to be a problem . I have the system installed for a couple of weeks now and have had no problems so far . The only negative is the way the product is described by Amazon . The picture shown is not that of the actual product and is very hard to see because of its size . Based on the description , I purchased two sets thinking that each contained one laser . Turns out the package includes two lasers . Luckily it was inexpensive enough , so I gave out the second package as a gift to a friend .
 Seriously ... easy install , accurate , price is right , works great . Save yourself some time researching and just get this one , I really believe you wo n't be disappointed . Most cars once you put them in park and let off the brake , tend to roll back a couple inches or so , if you want to really split hairs about EXACTLY where you want to spot the car , you can have have it your way once you get the feel and account for your particular car 's `` rollback '' as I call it . It 's a really neat , unobtrusive little gadget . No silly looking tennis or golf balls hanging , tape on the floor , stop signs or any other nonsense .
 Got the first set and one was broken . I called Amazon and they complimentary overnighted another one to me . Got the second set and they were fine . Took about 30 minutes to install them . They look absolutely great , and I was really surprised at how well they keep the rain out . I 've seen other deflectors that are the stick on type that go outside the window and they look horrible . These are sleek and fit right into the window channels . Highly recommended if you 're looking for deflectors .
 Easy to install ! I bought 3 only needed 2 - make sure you get the In Channel only - could n't return 3rd set !!!
 Works great and fits great . Easy to install , anyone can do it . Function properly and I am satisfied with them
 I live in southern AZ. . We 're expected to break 100 degrees on April 21 . So when I say this does a truly amazing job keeping the temp down in the car , I know whereof I speak.Yes , it is kludgy and difficult to fold and takes up the whole passenger seat . So what ? I bought it for function , not convenience . And it works great !
 This is the second Heatshield sunshade I have bought from this company . This one was a gift . It arrived promptly and fits great . Last time I ordered I talked with customer service and they could not have been nicer or more professional .
 These look and feel high quality , stiffer than stock . They 're Made in the USA by RAMCOA unlike the cheaper ones which are chinese .
 This dash cover looks great and fits surprisingly well . It took a few days for it to settle into the shape of the dash , but once it did it looked great . I decided not to use the velcro strips because it is secure enough without them and does n't move around at all . A well-designed product that does the job !
 It was delivered quickly and fits perfectly . Very pleased with it . Very active family with a very active dog -LRB- ! -RRB- and this saves the car !
 After the installation of the sensor , the engine worked very smooth with a noticeable response and fuel economy . I installed this on a BMW535i E34 from year 1990 . I highly recommend this replacement
 I work in the aviation industry and this set of Pick and Hook sets come in handy . They are durable and easily get into those places where a finger ca n't go and makes my job much easier . Definitely a must have for a work or at home .
 Once you get over the fact the fob is used and looks a little scuffed , it works great . Easy to program , much much cheaper than going to the Stealership.I bought my car without the fob - the RSX hatch does n't have a key hole , meaning that without this , you 'd have to open a door , and hit the unlock button to unlock the hatch . It 's so much more convenient to use the fob . Totally worth it .
 in a nutshell , this is a great product for the money . The support of the manufacturer is GREAT !!! mailed them because a few items were missing , sent them free of charge !!! Buy one .
 Perfect fit for my 01 Suburban 2500 - it came with excellent instructions - high quality unit that works great .
 Saved a ton of money buying this Delphi fuel pump from Amazon . All of the dealers in town wanted retail for the pump . This is an upgraded unit . I installed it in a few hours in my 2001 Suburban without issue . My fuel gauge works again !
 Exactly what I was hoping it was . I love this seat . It fits perfect on our chopper and the ride is nice .
 This cap works great on my old Ranger 98 , I was suspecting some neighbors stealing my gas , and the stock cap had no keylock , this one solved the problem pretty good .
 The mirrors were easy to install . They look so natural you 'd think they were a factory installed item . I would recommend these to anyone looking for a simple and inexpensive solution to the small mirrors that are not suitable for use for towing .
 Order arrived on time and was not damaged . Items fit F250 Super Duty well . To limit vibration issues while driving at highway speed , simply place foam behind the mirror before installation .
 The box indicates it fits a shortbed . Double check the part numbers to ensure thats what you need .
 works good couldbe a little thicker but does what it is supossed to do it does silde back a little so you have to keep adjusting it but I would buy again .
 Will save your interior if you tend to carry liquids in the back of your SUV . I would highly recommend this liner for people with kids or people who work out of their SUV .
 I bought my one-owner Ford Ranger used but in perfect condition . It 's a great truck but lacked the factory fender flares . I tried to buy the OEMs through both my Ford dealer and a local body shop , but they are essentially unavailable . The Bushwackers are an excellent substitute and perfectly fit the countours of my truck . The only caution I would raise is that prospective purchasers should realize that installing them correctly and to a factory fit requires time , patience and a bit of skill , as well as a few tools . Folks with no shade-tree mechanic experience should consider having their local body shop undertake the installation .
 only need them a few times a year ; work great ; easy to mount and remove ; well worth the money
 After reading mixed reviews about this product , I decided to try the filter in my car . After ordering the filter , I received the filter in 3 days . I installed the filter in about 5 minutes . After several weeks of driving to and from work , I have noticed that I am getting about 40 more miles to a tank of fuel . The stock air filter was like a giant bulk of paper and acted like a giant restrictor plug , and when it rained , my check engine light would come on until all the moisture left the road and the air . The check engine light has not come on one time since installation . The filter lets the sound of the supercharger be known . I am a true car guy , this product WORKS . Good luck with your K&N filter !
 This air filter is of good quality . It made the supercharger in my car sound better , and I noticed a little more boost right after I replaced my stock air filter with this K&N filter . I have this filter installed in my car for a few years now and it is working good !
 I have a 2006 Cobalt SS/SC that proved difficult to find an air filter that would fit from a local parts store . If they did sell the right one it cost nearly $ 30 and it was just a plain paper filter . For an extra $ 15 I thought the K&N filter would be a better idea since not only would it last the life of the car , but should also give me a little better performance . It 's a smaller filter than the OEM one , but they did that I guess to get it to fit in the small fender location . Have n't seen any performance difference and my mileage seems to have gone down compared to last season , but that could be due to very worn out tires . However , I am still satisfied with my purchase .
 This product is great for when the need arises during camping or while working.The bag set-up is great and easy . once the poop bag is in the bucket and is folded over it can be placed inside the potty for a perfect fit and the comfort of knowing it 's mess free and there 's no way of brushing up against the bag at any point . The potty itself is very comfortable ; maybe not as comfy as your home toilet , but under the circumstances , it 's a close second.Clean up is super easy , just zip lock the bag and you 're done . There 's no messy clean up like those water tank pottys ' have . Call me crazy , but if I have to go , I 'd rather have one of these things around and only deal with a bag of poo than having a bit more of luxury , but have to contend with 5 gallons worth of poo soup to expose of and then having to disinfect the potty for future use . It was an easy decision for me .
 Works great . Simple design and easy to just pull out the bag and throw away .
 Fits well , affordable , does what I need to too to keep safe when I ride . I have no complaints this was a good purchase
 Moog makes a very stong and thought out design , sturdier than AcDelco or dorman , plus grease fittings with FULL 360 rotation
 Fits well , affordable , does what I need to too to keep safe when I ride . I have no complaints this was a good purchase
 Really did n't fit well ... or actually at all . With the proper application of a bench grinder and a little measuring , I was able to modify it to fit . I have these on a Land Rover and they popped in and fit great right out of the box , but this set required modification . To make it work required cutting about 1.5 '' off the lower end and reshaping it .
 Good product , easy to install . The only negative is a crackling sound that I hear when I close the windows tight . I removed and inspected the shields and nothing is being damaged . Just gets tight when the window is closed . I plan to buy anothe set for the car .
 I have had the Weathertech WeatherFlectors for about two weeks . Wow ! My Blazer is so much cooler when I get in in the afternoon . Best of all , I no longer have to worry about it raining and my Blazer getting wet because I left the windows open slightly -LRB- which has happened numerous times -RRB- . These were so easy to install , I thought I was doing something wrong . Installed quickly and stayed put . I down graded them one star due to slight imperfection in the plastic in one spot and some small scratches due to poor packaging . WORD OF ADVICE
 When folks try to dazzle you with techno-babble and obsfucate the facts by sputtering inconsequential jibberish , point to impact-reducing device on your gas-combustion vehicle and point them to this sticker . Einstein was nobody 's fool - a genius by all standards , but still a very real human being who told it like is .
 I 'm very happy with my recent purchase of the Curt 11318 Hitch Receiver . It was easy to install and it really is designed well . It 's tucked under the bumper and is not visible - except for the receiver box - which is what I was hoping for . Good quality - and it is everything I was expecting .
 This hitch fit perfect on my 1997 subaru impreza outback sport . No modification required went on in less than 45 min . .
 This hitch worked great as promised . It fit easily and readily onto my 97 Subaru Outback Sport -LRB- 2.2 L -RRB- , and I use it weekly for a hitch mounted bike rack .
 nice hitch only took about 20 min to install cheapest I 've found on the net great deal would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good hitch for there car happy it came with the receiver and pin saved me a few more bucks
 I bought it so I can put a bike rack on my car . I debated about having a roof rack or a hitch on it . I went for a hitch because with the roof rack I ca n't take it off and I have to put things on top of my car.The hitch is way better because I can take off the rack anytime I want . I saw someone pull in the same parking lot and they had a bike on top and got their bike and car stuck because it was too high in the parking garage . I went right my them with my bike and hitch on the back . Plus after you take off the bike rack seems like it was factory installed.The install would be better if you have a friend to help you out but not needed . There is about a inch by 5 inches you need to cut out of your bumper to fit the hitch in . But its not even noticeable at all . The quality on this this is great . No complaints with this at all . It attach to the bottom of the frame of the car so I 'm guessing it can only improve on the structure integrity of my car because it hold the frame really tight .
 I got a great deal on this hitch , but I paid for it during the installation . I 'm not sure if this was refurbished or new with a lot of painted-over chips on it ... who cares tho , it 's under my car.Whether it was a misalignment with the frame of my car or the hitch mount holes , I would n't know , but I tried for a good 1/2 hour to make all the bolts find their homes . There was just one hole on the hitch -LRB- on the passenger forward mount of my Subaru -RRB- that caused me to finally break down and grind out a bigger hole . That , and just an FYI , I think the instructions said I 'd have to remove one muffler rubber hanger to put the hitch on - wrong ! I removed 3 of them , half way to my engine ... I was sure the damn exhaust was going to snap in half , but it did n't . I 'm pretty sure it was just a fluke , and you have to expect stuff like that . I 'm happy with the hitch anyway !
 Mounts right up to my 2003 subaru WRX . just 4 bolts and a muffler mount . NO cutting required . AWESOME . Tows my trailer and quad . no complaints .
 Product came as discribed . Absolutly no problem getting it installed . Just remember the wiring package if you need one so you get everything at once .
 Yes , it goes on with just 4 bolts but the prep , depending on your car , is a different story . Just be aware you have to take things off , in the case of a 2003 WRX , and that can take awhile if you do n't have the right tools . I did n't have the right tools and ended up taking my car to a garage and paid them $ 30 to install it . Still not a bad deal if you compare what it costs from a dealer or a place like U-Haul . Overall I 'm very happy with this product and Amazon 's price and free delivery made buying it here the cheapest around .
 At first , I was hesitant to purchase this product , sight unseen . I researched the product and was satisfied with all the positive feedback that was associated with this manufacturer . The purchase price was very competitive and the free shipping was very appealing.The package was shipped and received promptly . Right out of the box , the product fit my truck 's bed rails like a glove . I 'm very pleased with the ease of installation and the quality of this product . The covers made an instant visual impact . They look fantastic ! I would highly recommend this product ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I ordered this dash cover for my 2006 Chevy Equinox . It fits perfectly and looks great ! I 'm very satisfied with the product .
 I replaced my 2002 Sequoia -LRB- ~ 140K -RRB- OEM front shocks w / the Bilstein , and I had about 2000 miles total so far , with ~ 1200 miles in mountain roads and freeways . The new shocks definitely improve the ride smoothness , especially on rough concrete highways . The ovreall ride quality and handling is very close to when the SUV was new . No more bounces and sways . My mechanic also mentioned that the Bilstein shock construction is also much more robust than the OEM shock . Worth every pennies !
 This is a very nice ATV cover , and the price and shipping were great . I would buy another one with no hesitation . you ca n't go wrong with the price also . . I use this on my Polaris 250 and it fits great . . The product was beyond my expectation . . color is very nice -LRB- Olive Green -RRB- . . and its only 20 Dlls for great quality . .
 Bought this one with the other side and am VERY pleased with both of them.Excellent product and they bolted up with no problems what so ever.Fantastic price
 The price on this part was great ... about half of what I would have paid locally , and it was a genuine AC Delco replacement part . If your ac/heater fan only works on high , this is the part you need . Added a book to the order , and it shuipped free and was received in a few days . Could n't ask for more .
 I did my research for my Grand Prix on my a/c heater blower motor . The only speed on the switch for the fan that was working was the highest setting . I eventually found out thru the internet that it was the Blower Motor Resistor . -LRB- Never even knew one existed . -RRB- Thru Yahoo i was able to locate one and at the cheapest price around . Thank you Yahoo! MR
 The blower motor works fine . I 've had no problems with it and saved a least $ 100 had my mechanic installed it . A word of warning , it 's a `` B. ... '' to install yourself . A buddy with proper tools installed mine . It took an hour .
 Not an easy part to replace , but the new part works great and was the cheapest price . Took 3 days longer than estimated arrival date to get here , but not too big of a deal .
 I have a 2002 Chevy Monte Carlo LS . For about 6 years I 've been living with most of the fan speed settings just not working . Once I got down to only 3 and 4 working I looked into the fix . I was about to purchase an entire new control assembly when I found out that this was the part I needed . I just installed it earlier today and all of my fan settings work ! Just be forewarned ... this is a part that is a pain in the butt to get out and put back in . I would recommend getting a plastic fastener remover for about $ 10 to remove the stupid fasteners on most modern cars . I usedLisle 35260 Plastic Fastener Removerand it worked well . Great product and fast shipping , what more could you ask for ?
 A quite common issue on w-body vehicles -LRB- Monte Carlo , Impala , Grand Prix , Regal , Century , Intrigue -RRB- is the blower resistor dying , causing either complete or partial HVAC failure . Replacement of this part takes some finesse , time , planning ahead and patience . It 's located under the glove box , behind the plastic cover . First , remove the three screws and the blower fan . You might need to wiggle it out , since thick wiring might be in your way . By far the easiest way of doing the replacement of the resistor itself , which is bolted in with 7/32 bolts , is to take out the 2 you can see , then break the resistor to remove and loosen the 3rd bolt . Bolt the new one up only tightening the two you can get to .
 the price on this resistor was a great value , the parts store wanted $ 50.00 for a B/W Lifetime replacement.diffcult to replace , i watched You Tube for tips & how to replace it.Amazon is my shopping place for about everthing .
 I read the `` fix it yourself '' sites that told you that this is what you need , and for the majority of the people out there , they are right . Just make sure you are running the right tests to make sure this is it . Unfortunately , this product did not fix my problem . My problem ended up being that my ignition switch was going out . Fortunately , I caught it where I could still fix the problem for cheap . Even if all you need is this resistor , I still HIGHLY recommend that you do this fix . You can save yourself a lot of heartache later :[ ... -RSB- This is basically a `` how to '' for helping alleviate the load on your ignition switch . This actually fixed the problem where my lights go out and no air works at all . Hope this helps someone else out there from paying too much to get their car back in working order !
 Urgent question
 Product it great . relitivly simple to install and is a night and day difference for the truck , gets rid of that sagging rear end the explorers are famous for
 I put these in my 1996 Blazer after replacing a bunch of front end parts . My rear end was sagging badly . These were a lot cheaper than replacing the whole spring pack . It does n't look like I 'm hauling bricks any more .
 Great for a quick lift on my 98 Blazer . Took about 1.5 hours to install . Make sure you order new U-Bolts to !
 Raised my saggy back end by a few inches to level out my SUV and the ride is a TON better and now I can put weight in the back again . thanks !!!
 these raised my truck 5 &#34; in the back . I can drive the truck again with one hand . It used to be all squirrely and I 'd wander all over the lane . Also loads , I can haul twice the load I used to be able to .
 I bought mine for a very cheap price . I bought these for 2 reasons . I didnt like how my truck sagged after filling the back up with stuff for the dump . And ever since I did it the truck seemed to sit differently . I also wanted to raise my 4x4 up a little to give it a more aggressive look . These raised the back up approx 1.5 inches and paired with the torsion twist I now have a raised truck that looks meaner , and an increased capacity of 500lbs in the rear . The install was really easy . Just take your time and support the leafs when you take them apart to make sure you assemble them correctly . Also the bolt they supply you with will be much too long to use . I read people buying another shorted bolt to use in its place . I just cut mine . I have n't had any problems since .
 I used on a daihatsu Rocky rear leaf springs that where sagging bad . The ride is a little rough with the springs but it was always ruff just a little rougher now . I am also able to pull a small trailer now without it squatting . Product was super easy to install . Took less than 1 hour to do both sides . It does come with 2 add a leafs and 2 sets of different sized bolts . I highly recommend them if your looking for an add a leaf kit .
 I installed this on a 1990 toyota 2wd truck and it was easy to install with the proper tools.The only downside was they cant give you an exact lift in inches since it depends on how bad your factory springs are.Mine were so wore out they were flat and it raised mine about 2 inches.I would have prefered about an inch but they claim it should settle a bit over time.This is a must for anyone with a toyota truck or 4 runner with a sagging rear.It raises it off the overload springs and greatly improves the ride quality.Its a little firmer but not rough.And it has some bounce to it now which it never had sitting on the factory overload springs .
 I 've been using it for about 2 months now and no complaints . Did a great job removing the sag , especially when I have passengers/cargo in the rear and/or bikes on the back . Actually seemed to help a lot with the steering on the vehicle as well . I 'm a total noob to installing with very limited mechanical experience . Took me about 6 hours on one side and 30 minutes on the second . Basically , you just need the right tools . Impact driver set and multiple jacks and floor jacks were pretty key .
 This product went on in about 15-20 minutes . Very easy to install . It gave my 2wd 1989 Toyota Pickup 2 inches of lift . Allowed me to go from 215/70/14 's to 235/75/15 's . Nice , cheap , and totally worth it .
 I was looking for a cheap way to `` pick up '' the rear of my 2000 explorer and add support . I pull a large -LRB- 18 foot -RRB- john boat sometimes and the sag had become noticeable . This helps level out , but does not raise any higher than the front when empty . Its suppose to add 500 lbs to payload but I havent pulled boat yet . Good alternative to lift shackles . Its does though take some time and is slightly dangerous . Springs are under lots of pressure so be aware .
 I recently installed these springs in my 1996 Dodge Ram 1500 and it may be the best $ 41 I have spent on it . It raised the saggy OEM leaf springs back to where they should be . Overall ride is improved and load carrying capacity is much better . Installation was a piece of cake .
 This arrived really quick , with super saver shipping . And it totally satisfies my needs . They installed on my ranger fairly easily , and I havent bottomed my truck out since installing them , even with 600 + lbs in the bed -LRB- alot for a '91 2.3 l 2wd ranger -RRB- . I liked how my truck handled with a stiffer rear end , and was really pleased with how much better it handled being overloaded.Now for the bad , it did provide about an inch of lift , but that is barely noticeable , and I do n't know if I 'd really feel comfortable with a larger tire in their . The other thing is that I suspect that one side is a little stiffer than the other -LRB- it sits funny on a totally level parking lot -RRB- . So I probably would n't be too happy if lift was all I was after . Another concerning thing I noticed is how my leafs flex . It seems that they bend less evenly than they used to . Now they flex less in the beefy middle of the leaf , and more on the thinner ends . I wonder if anyone has broken a leaf because of this , although mine really have n't changed in the month of abuse it 's seen.But hey , the price is right , and overall I feel that they are a vast improvement based on handling characteristics , which is what I was after . Thanks !
 they went in with no trouble @ all and lifted the truck 2 inches real nice not to have a saggy rear lol
 I have had these bulbs for over a month , they produce a bright white light.they should n't be called cool blue if they do n't look blue to the eye , that 's why I bought them.but over all they are great for driving at night and where I live there are alot of deer lol.great product just the name is decieving .
 I purchased both sets of Low / & High beam bulbs ... The fit was perfect , worked out nicely to my 03 ' Honda Accord . Brighter then regular head lights , but not as bright as HID lights ... but bright and Less Expensive . If your looking into adding a little brighter smile to your car , and save money , worth the purchase .
 We purchased these floor mats to coordinate with the red hibuscus 5 piece set/seat covers/steering wheel cover.They look great together ! I am really impressed with the material of the floor mat , I was concered that the middle flowers were cloth type , they are actually more of a rubber/plastic type that will wear well and not show dirt , if dirty they will hose off.A great buy and looks really cute in the car : -RRB-
 I have used WeatherTech products in the past and these performed as expected . I would buy these again if need be .
 I 've had these on all my vehicles for the last seven years . These fit right , do n't put adhesive on the body and are very durable . Retail prices everywhere are the same - I 'm assuming a position that WeatherTech enforces by agreement with the retailers . The light tint is the only way to go . They are a lot easier to see through and do n't increase your blind spot . The cheaper offerings by other manufacturers do n't seem to be a better value .
 I came out of the dark with my new daylight headlights and am very pleased with lights and delivery . thank you for shedding some light on my drive home experience .
 Received product and extremely satisfied with the quality and price . Would recommend to anyone and will purchase for other vehicles .
 After using the cheap rubber mats , these fit perfectly on my Honda Civic . I would recommend them to anyone who needs rubber mats .
 Must say its quite cheap on amazon.Most auto stores sell these pair of lights for almost double the price -LRB- due to the fact this pair fits older cars ... mine is a Mitsubishi 3000 gt -RRB-
 I am very happy with this purchase . The item arrived fast and fit my BMW530i perfectly . The instructions were clear and installation was breeze . From unpacking to full installation was about 15 mins . The light smoke version looks very good and natural against the metallic silver color of the car.I am now thinking about purchasing the sun roof deflector too .
 No complaints as to how they fit . Only got 100 mi on them so far . Vented -LRB- not drilled or slotted , as previous reviewer thought -RRB- , but that expected as I checked the product number through Brembo and they guaranteed it to fit my B6 1.8 T perfectly . Shipping was flawless and they came in the original packaging -LRB- each in its own box -RRB- . For VW/Audi owners , the exact model from the box ends in XXX - 615-301E
 Good deal for OEM brake rotors for an Audi . These rotors are stamped `` made in mexico '' so we will see how the quality is in the long run . Direct replacement , installed easily .
 This same product sells at autopartswarehouse for Twice the Price . Amazon price includes shipping too !!! Incredible deal . Today I am ordering the matching unit for the other side , and a pair of Fila sneakers also at half price from other sites . Do it here , I 'm telling you that you will love it . buy yourself some Fila F-13 sneakers with the money you save.steve I. Eustis FL
 The part was better than what you would find in the Auto Parts stores.It was priced right and it was worth the wait .
 PITA to install . Installed Driver side control arm and wheel bearing assembly in about 3 hours.Passenger side in 2.5 hours .
 Want bright lights ? These are great . Easy to install , awesome to use . Great distance , aiming not changed , and intense vision . Much brighter than stock lights -LRB- 2008 Toyota -RRB- . Be careful and respect on coming cars as they are blinding coming toward you . Very satisfied with the product , shipping , and pricing .
 I Bought These For My 2000 Tahoe Limited . The Real Deal , Top Of The Line ... Not Much To Say But There Is A Word Minimum , So I 'm Just Bull ****** . lol
 It 's a ball joint , it works ! what else can one say . I have had terrible luck with my balljoints so far .
 The Moog K6292 Upper Ball Joint was a perfect replacement for my factory upper ball joints . Not much more to say . I had no issues installing the new balljoints . Great product at a great price ...
 fits my 07 civic nicely . i live in colorado , so it 's been dredged in snow , mud and dirt , and the mats stand up nicely .
 my only complaint is that the plastic pieces used to hold the two mats together were very hard to remove . The drivers side mat fits perfectly with the contours of the floor .
 Just installed these in my 08 honda civic . I love these floormats . I have put them in every car or truck I have every owned .
 I installed these KC driving/fog lights on my motorhome to enhance my night driving visibility . The item arrived exactly as described with all of the hardware that I needed . The instructions for installation were clear and it did not take me long to install them . I mounted the lights on my RV 's front grill and they look great ! They provide good additional lighting where you need it most . Overall these lights seem robust enough to last for many years . I am very satisfied with my purchase . I recommend these lights to anyone looking for a stylish and functional light kit that should last for years to come .
 I wired these lights in to come on when my park lights are on . I 'm using the fog lens . These things are amazing . Great addition to my Poor Original lights on my old dodge truck .
 I ca n't speak for ease of installation because my vehicle already had wiring installed from the previous owner , but the lights are good quality . I primarily use the clear fog lenses with low beams in the city . I 'm yet to test the driving lenses on the highway . One thing that 's a little tedious with these lights is they require 2 Philips screws to be removed to change lenses . I was expecting clip on ones , but I suppose this system is more durable . I 'd like to give these lights 4.5 stars , but that 's not allowed : p
 These lights are built to last ! Just like anything from KC . They 're constructed very durable , steel housing , heavy duty mounting brackets . The lights are very bright and the different lens sets are great for all applications ! My only complaint is that the `` fog '' lens is n't what I had expected . I was looking for a flood type lens and they 're usually grated like fog lenses so I thought they should be close to the same . However , the fog lens sends out a super wide and narrow beam of light which is quite the opposite of what I was going for because these are mounted on the sides of my Jeep Liberty 's basket rack and the `` driving '' lens is a very concentrated beam so it did n't do as I wanted it to either . I was wanting a flood type light that would cover about a 8 foot wide by 20ft long area on the side of my Jeep because I have lights mounted on the front and rear of the rack that cover the rest of the area . Other than the lenses did n't provide the light I wanted I still use them they work great and are super durable . Another down side is that the covers shown in the photo are not the covers you receive , the covers I got were solid black rectangle covers that said KC in white block letters and looked very cheap and did n't look very professional by KC . Overall I love the lights they really are a great product just as everything KC makes is !
 I bought these as a replacement for the OEM calipers . The fitment is perfect . The build quality is excellent ! The performance is equal or better than stock . These do not cost a lot but you get a great bang for your buck . I do not know if it says in the description but the brackets are included with the calipers.These were installed on a 1999 Ford Ranger XLT 4.0 L 4WD
 A lot of people never change their gas filter , although the manufacturer recommends you do it every 2 years . If the gas in your area is really bad , changing this more regularly -LRB- annually ? -RRB- will save you a lot of money on fuel injector repairs .
 I bought this for a 1996 Civic EX . It bolted right up . I had to re-use the hanger bushings which was expected . I had to purchase this thick metal cone shaped exhaust gasket though , which was not expected but its was a cheap part at a local Napa . As I said before it bolted up with no issues and I attached the hangers -LRB- which were slightly different than factory locations so it was slightly crooked , but not too shabby -RRB- and was very happy with the end result . You ca n't beat the price on these mufflers . It 's supposed to be slightly louder than factory but I could n't tell . Sounds stock to me , which is what I wanted .
 A price is much cheapper , than an original part.Shipping was fast . I put it myself , was not difficult at all . It seems to work great , no noise , even though it is mush smaller , than the original part . So far , so good . Hopefully , it is going to work long anough . Very happy with this purchase.P.S . A manufacturer has a very friendly customer service , ready to give you valuable recommendation.This is one of my best experiences on Amazon .
 My OE muffler finally just broke off leaving the reminder still bolted on . i managed to install this one in about an hour . no complaints here .
 I installed this vent on a pickup fiberglass topper which I converted into a simple camping setup . It has handled a few years and several trail/camping trips so far pretty well . I have been careful to keep it closed when around tree branches.I do need to be sure it is closed with some tension on it ... other wise it will open up and cause a lot of air drag on the highway . I used some foam under the back of the lid to keep it open about 1/2 '' all the time to allow some ventilation while it was closed down with tension on the foam .
 First off , the remote I was sent was not the one pictured that I was expecting -LRB- for 2003 Blazer -RRB- , I have the one pictured so I based my order on that . With that said , its just a different design , it programmed the same way and works no different than what I was expecting . Instead of the writing on each button , this remote uses pictures , which makes very little difference to me but if it does to you , then you are now prepared , I uploaded a pic of the different design . It 's very easy to program and much cheaper than getting one from your dealer , the item came well packaged and arrived quickly .
 Trans Dapt always makes nice little dress up things for my car . I ordered this on Monday , got it on Wednesday . Put it on the car and it looks and works just as it should .
 I purchased these for my Semi Tractor . I work in the oil field and haul crude oil at night . These give me enough light to see all animals and other obstacles on the roads . These are the best lights for dark driving conditions . NOTE Do Not use these with oncoming traffic . . they will blind oncoming traffic and this is illegal . I would never buy another brand . . KC HighLites are the leader .
 Easy to install even for a person like me . Hardest thing is finding a place to mount the switch . If I had to do it again I would go for the more powerful lights .
 I did a full tune-up on my 1989 R32 Skyline GT-R with these , and they have worked flawlessly for 6 months.From a few `` professional '' tuning websites , I 've heard that Denso plugs have a bad habit of snapping off their tips in RB26 engines , so I opted for the NGK Iridiums.Yes , they 're pricey , but so are new turbochargers . I believe in spending money where it counts - helmets , tires , shoes , sunglasses , etc. . . and spark plugs are definitely one of those things.Overall , if you have a stock , or near-stock RB26DETT such as me , then these are the perfect set of plugs for your inline six monster .
 There are not many choices when it comes to piston ring filer . This is the BEST i have tried so far . Very cheap considering its durability and works with my rotary tools.A necessity for folks that rebuild engines.Amazon does not have the lowest price but I needed one in a hurry . You might find this cheaper thru other resellers around $ 19 .
 When testing these for the first time , I actually ended up using them . I cornered too hard and ended up dropping the bike , but thanks to the handguard , the brake lever and etc. on the side it fell on were fine.One complaint ; the instructions are pretty non-existent . Has some diagrams , and that 's it .
 These look good and seem much stronger than the original `` handguards '' . Only disappointment is that I mounted these on a 2006 Kawasaki KLR650 and they rub against the OEM front cowling/windshield when the handlebars are turned all the way to either side such as when the bike is parked . I have n't used them long enough to know how much that will annoy me . I agree with the other reviewer that mentioned the lack of clear instructions . Fortunately there are installation videos on youtube to compensate for the lack of instructions included in the package .
 Installation was a little difficult as I removed the welded in nuts in my handle bar ends to install them . Could have just screwed them into the existing nuts if I retaped them.The mounting brackets fit nicely and only had to tweek the brace a little to get a perfect fit.They saved my hand once already on a panic stop where I dumped the bike to avoid a road washout . No damage to clutch handle or my hand . Just slightly rotated the handguard.All in all a very good product and recommend it to others .
 I got these for my SUV . I LOVE them , they fit well , right up to the edges of the carpet . Snowy muddy boots are no match , these retain the mess and protect my trucks floor carpeting.I also got the ones that protect passenger flooring in the backseats . They are just as sturdy . I like the whole set . : -RRB-
 A little big for a small size truck , but does the job none the less and good quality product . My son loves them .
 Very satisfied , received my purchase quickly and I loved my mats . . I will surely purchase from this user again ...
 Fred meyers and other places sell a set of these bads boys for over $ 40 but here is a great deal . They keep the mud out of mud truck great . When i pull these out to clean them i just hose em down and there brand new again . Their awesome
 These are really great mats . They cover the whole floor and are great for muddy boots . They really protect .
 I 'm involced in a professional firewood operation . The owner had acquired several chain saws that did n't seem to be performing up to specifications , so I ordered in the NGK spark plugs and replaced them in all the saws . Presto ! The saws are now operating up to par , since they all needed to be replaced . NGK is the preferred spark plug for several major motorcycle manufacturers , so I trust them to be a quality product for small engines . By the way , if you have a chainsaw that is over a year old and you have n't replaced the spark plug , do it . You 'll be pleased with the results . Besides , it never hurts to have an extra plug in your tool box or pocket when you 're out cutting trees , just in case the saw stops for no apparent reason . It 's an easy fix .
 Hello , I bought these after my personal mechanic told me it 's what I needed . They were easy to install , had a polished clean finish and were shipped on time . I would definitely recommend these to a friend .
 I wanted to remove some stubborn screws from the brake rotor but no matter what I tried , I could not get them out . It would be very easy with an impact gun or wrench but purchasing those for home garage seems over kill . Then I found this product which performed well for what I needed to do.Content
 I have a 45 year old sailboat where aluminum and stainless coexist . A little bit of PB or a 50/50 mixture of ATF and Acetone on the screw/bolt , come back the next day , a little more PB or 50/50 and usually the first good whack and there is motion . Almost always within the second or third whack she is free to turn by hand . Sure beats buying a $ 200 impact driver for the number of times I need it .
 Item is solid . I chose the 1/2 '' drive to work with my impact sockets . The multiple size Phillips bits allowed me to remove a slightly stripped and stuck counter sunk screw holding my Honda rotor on the hub . I recommend this . I have an old 3/8 '' Mac Tool that I received for a gift 30 years ago and it still works . But the bits are not as nice as the Lisle tool . They are much easier to replace since this is the way most impact drivers are set up .
 I 've been using these things for close to 50 years . If you do a lot of mechanical work , it 's an essential tool for your tool box.If you know how to use it , and use some common sense , it will absolutely work wonders!The beauty of an impact driver vs an -LRB- air -RRB- impact wrench , is that it drives the bit into the screw at the same time it turns it , preventing and `` repairing '' stripped Phillips heads after you 've butchered them with a conventional screwdriver.I keep a 3/8 drive and a 1/2 '' drive in my tool box and use them constantly -LRB- especially for Phillips screws -RRB- . I actually use the 3/8 drive the most on `` little '' Phillips screws that always seem to `` strip '' when you use a screwdriver first.Keep in mind that if you use enough force , eventually something will come loose ... ... or something will break ! -LRB- I 've hit them occasionally with a 3 pound mini-sledge hammer -RRB- . Yes , you 'll break a few bits ; big deal ... ... but that 's only when you 're really abusing it . ... use a good penetrating oil first -LRB- like JB Blaster -RRB- ; it will help.I 've broken a lot of stuff through the years , you can break anything , including the tool ... ... but I 've found this one so far to be of good quality and trouble-free after over a year of use on old , rusted , stuck stuff on 50 + year-old derelict cars and trucks.For the guy that had trouble with it `` turning in his hand '' , it has to turn to turn what you 're trying to turn ; that 's the way they work ! ... `` pre load '' the tool in the direction you 're wanting to turn the screw before hitting it with the hammer -LRB- and make sure you hit the end of the driver , not your hand -RRB- . As far as the `` bit holder '' being `` weak '' , I have n't found that to be the case . The one that came with mine is more than beefy enough to break the bit long before the `` socket '' breaks . -LRB- The bits are hardened , so that they wo n't strip in the extreme use they get ; hardening normally makes steel somewhat brittle ; wear safety glasses and keep a few spare bits handy . -LRB- most major tool manufacturers will replace bits under common `` lifetime guarantees '' if you want to go to the trouble of saving and returning them -RRB- .
 Used for the Phillips holding the brake rotor on a Odyssey , my impact driver did n't budge it , and it was starting to strip , used this hand impact tool , and bingo - it came right out . Use it for those fasteners that are rarely removed and that strip easily . . An `` old school '' tool that works better than many new ones of today .
 Exactly what I wanted . It seems to be of good quality but time will tell .
 I installed this pump about 6,000 miles ago and have had no problems at all . The only issue I ran into with installation was the o-ring that seals the pump to the fuel tank was the wrong size , so I just used my old one . That is not actually the first time I have seen this problem . I worked at an auto parts store for 16 years and have seen this with multiple brands . I sold Delphi for many years . Their warranty return rate is spectacular . If given a choice I will always spend the little extra to purchase a VERY high quality pump .
 I compared prices online , to local parts store and this beat local by alot even with my next day shipping . the fuel pump was a simple install , i would suggest spraying your vehicle down with a power washer around the pump and tank before you begin this adventure -RRB- the only trouble i had with the pump was getting the seal to seat but otherwise it was a cinch , fuel pressure was up and back driving same day i received it . My truck had already previously had pump replaced so the plugs had been changed .
 item was just as described , it saved me over three hundred dollars from Firestone . I will be able to repair four more .
 I am pleased with the lights . They are bright , and I do n't see how installation could be any easier . The wiring harness fit my Dodge pick up perfectly , took less than an hour . I guess I 'll see how they weather this winter . I would recommend this product.Good price , very decent quality , look great on my grille guard . Thanks
 Easy install . THESE WILL BURN A HOLE IN THE FORREST . Super bright . Installed them on a Yamaha Rhino UTV . I ride on the National Forest and in the desert .
 Have a 99 Tahoe . Called Firerstone and there was a $ 49 charge to just check the system ; not counting the $ 120 to $ 180 charge for freon . Thought it was worth the $ 25 gamble . The gamble worked . Checked and repaired problem in 10 minutes . If you follow directions , you ca n't go wrong . AC works great now .
 These work far better than I had originally thought they would . Much easier to install that I assumed . I 've been using them on a bunch of motorcycle parts .
 Worked like a charm for 2 repairs so far . The bit is so hard and sharp , I can almost cut aluminum with my hand on the bit alone . Still , use a wrench for more precision .
 I have used 5/16 by 18 TPI HeliCoils for some auto repairs . The installation worked great . The instructions said to use a 21/64ths bit -LRB- like we all have 21/64th bits laying around -RRB- . I used a 5/16ths instead and it worked fine . Just need to be more careful tapping the hole . Here 's the but part . One hole I fixed was on a lower shock mount on a car . The original bolt was NOT high strength . So when I installed the bolt in a hole that I repaired with the HeliCoil the bolt snapped off . It broke when I attempted to bring it to the specified torque . And yes I was using my torque wrench . Now I have a broken bolt removal project . Be careful torquing low strength bolts in repaired holes .
 I had n't used my chainsaw in a while . When I did and tightened down one of the nuts that hold the bar on , the stud came up . I was able to repair this with a helicoil .
 I used this Helicoil kit to fix some stripped out bolt holes for my transmission pan . Worked exactly as it is supposed to , and was simple to use . It nice knowing that this tool provides a permanent fix and those bolt holes wo n't strip out again . -LRB- Not that they would have in the first place if whoever-it-was had used a torque wrench like they were supposed to -RRB- . Anyway I would definitely a Helicoil kit again should the need arise and would recommend it to others . The only way they could improve these is if they cost less , however the price is still pretty good for the quality of solution it provides .
 If you need a stripped threaded hole repaired , this is the product . Works first and every time . Easy to use . If you need a longer amount of threades , just screw in another length of insert . Great Product !
 This is a must have product if you work on kitted mopeds!Throw a kit on it , but first , helicoil the exhaust holes
 I needed to repair a few stripped threads on my steel bike , and decided to try the heliCoil kit instead of taking to a repair shop . The kit is very easy to use , and the instructions are clear and easy to understand . The thread tap seems very well machined and should last for many repairs , and the coils themselves are beautifully finished . the repaired threads fit the bolts perfectly and should be much stronger than the original threads . Highly recommended !!
 Kit arrived complete and was easy to use . The helicoil completely solved my stripped thread issue on the brake mounts of my Fox mountain bike fork . I highly recommend this product .
 I do n't always write reviews , but when I do , they are for truely exceptional products . This happens to be one . I bought this to fix a stripped cam bearing cap on my BMW M60 motor . Needless to say , this was very important task since I could not properly torque down the oil spray bar . The only other option would be to source another bearing cap , pull the entire head and take it to a machine shop to have it rebored . Needless to say , that was not happening so I decided to try this kit.As per the instructions , I used a 1/4 bit -LRB- not included -RRB- to drill out the old threads using motor oil as a lubricant and to clump the cuttings together to prevent them from falling into the open head . I then used the tap to tap the hole using oil again as a lube . I did not have a tap wrench but a socket and ratchet worked fine . Make sure you continually back out the tap after a few turns to clean off the cuttings . After throughly cleaning the hole of all the cuttings , I placed a helicoil into the install tool . The install tool serves to compress the coil and allows it to be installed in the threads you just tapped . After screwing the coil in flush with the surface , you need to break off the tang at the back of the coil . I used a screwdriver and knocked it with a hammer . The bearing cap is a blindhole so I had to retrieve the broken tang . A tip is to use a strong magnet and it will come right out . I then torqued down the oil spray bar , reinstalled the valve cover and torqued that as well.The fix has held up , no more oil leaks from the valve cover . This is a a truely fantastic product that saved me a ton of money and headache of having to pull my head and taking it to a machine shop . My only complain is that the `` instructions '' were seriously lacking in detail . It is no longer in the packaging as pictured , but instead in a thinner packaging to save money . However , anyone with somewhat of a mechanical ability should be able to figure out this product no problem . I have no reservations recommending this product to fix stripped threads including those in critical applications such as inside of engines as in my case .
 After snapping a couple bolts off in the aluminum intake manifold of my 93 Toyota I did n't have too many choices . Go with a larger bolt or use a heli-coil . Putting the M6x1 .0 insert in is pretty easy . A fairly clean 1/4 '' hole is what was called for the tap and a -LRB- roughly -RRB- 3/16 '' pin punch is needed -LRB- not included -RRB- to remove the drive tang on the inserts . If its a blind hole like what I was working with you will need to pick the snapped off tang piece out .
 I used this to repair the chain bar stud holes on my Echo chainsaw . It worked like a champ . In fact , I 'd bet the new steel threads are actually stronger than the old aluminum ones . This product saved me over $ 50 because a new engine case would have been $ 80 .
 After stripping my aluminum engine block I thought it was over till I saw this product . I drilled the hole with the required drill bit and inserted Helicoil in the block as directed and it is BETTER tha New now with steel threads not aluminum . This save me a lot of $ $ $ $
 What more can you say ? Helicoils have worked great for years in repairing stripped threads . In this case , I repaired a stripped thread in a motorcycle engine head .
 I just threw this 71mm Wiseco into my 1974 Suzuki TS250 . Wiseco makes nice stuff and you 'll pay for it . The old Suzuki piston was fine and it was cast . I went with Wiseco because it was only about 20 dollars more than the OEM cast piston . Was it a good decision ? I do n't know . Ask me in 39 years if it lasted as well . The thing I like about Wiseco is their support network . If you have questions you can call them and talk to someone that knows what is going on . The machining tolerances are listed on the box so you know how much to bore your cylinder and what to gap the rings to . I suppose Wiseco does n't need much more of an introduction since everyone knows who they are .
 This filter is a direct replacement for a K&N . It is the same design which uses multi-layers of cotton and spray oil as a filter media . I 've compared both side by side and have determined this to be a better quality filter by way of construction . This filter replaced the standard paper filter used in a 1999 motorhome with a Ford V-10 , 6.8 L engine . This in combination with a large flow master muffler using 3 inch inlet and outlet increased the fuel mileage by approximately 21/2 miles per gallon . This is a significant increase . This trip was taken from Santa Fe New Mexico to Detroit , Michigan using a cruise control at a speed of 63 to 64 mph on the freeway . Other observations include a feeling of increased horsepower and smoother operation . I do hope this helps you in your decision on whether to purchase a product like this . Please keep in mind that these filters require periodic cleaning and re-oiling to keep them working efficiently . This filter was a much better buy here on Amazon as it ended up costing about 40 % of the cost of a K&N . This filter can also use the K&N cleaning kit for future maintenance .
 What can I say it 's an air filter right ? Well like most Fram products this is a well made high quality filter . Plus these filters can be washed and reused . Have n't tried it yet , but that definitely will save money down the line .
 Great product at a great price . Very similar to K&N at a great value . Get them now because Fram is discontinuing them I believe .
 Great to buy on line and item fits when recieved , did not see any increase in performance but wipe it off keep going , no more $ 16 every year
 I absolutely adore this windscreen . I have a Suzuki S83 and had a manufacturer windshield . However I 've been customizing the bike and the large bulky windshield was n't exactly part of my vision for a bobbed cruiser . After a lot of Web surfing and reading customer reviews , I found this windscreen . Some of the other reviews -LRB- outside of Amazon -RRB- were mixed . Some said they loved it and others said they could n't discern it 's impact . Well I bought it and installed it on my bike . It does exactly what it said it would do - which is keep air from hitting me in the chest at high speeds , thus avoiding the feeling of holding on for dear life above 60 MPH . As you may expect wind will still hit your shoulders and head but you do n't have to do ` pull ups ' to stay on the bike . Besides I would n't want to eliminate wind on the head or shoulders -LRB- if I wanted that I 'd have kept the big bulky windshield - or I 'd just stay in my car -RRB- . To maximize wind protection simply adjust the height of the screen . And on top of it 's performance , it just makes the bike look even more amazing . The perfect complement to the Mustang seat , Kuryakyn handlebars and foot pegs , and a few other items . And now a windscreen that adds to , and does not detracts from , the cool profile.The only difficulty I had was with the installation . It was indeed simple but it took longer than expected and the gasket table is a bit confusing . You have to measure your fork 's diameters in millimeters but the manufacturer then provides the gasket thickness measurement in inches . Plus I think the conversion table is a bit off . However other than that , it 's a wonderful addition to my bike that greatly adds to the bike 's `` cool factor ! ''
 Right off I was surprised by the size of this thing . It 's really tiny , about the size of a dinner plate . Visually , that turned out to be an asset when I mounted it on my Kawasaki Vulcan 900 Custom . It suits the clean , uncluttered look of the bike perfectly . In fact , you have to look right at it to notice it 's there , which is exactly what I was going for . I was pretty skeptical that a windscreen barely large enough to extend above the handlebar or outside the forks could have any effect at all , and at city speeds it does n't . But on the open road it reduces enough wind pressure on the chest to eliminate the feeling of hanging on at high speeds . Understand that this screen is n't meant to keep wind off the head , shoulders or hands . If you want to protect those areas , buy a screen designed for that . Mounting is easy and the instructions are simple and clear , but you may want to have someone help you make the final adjustments while you sit on the bike . The angle is important . If you find the screen is n't doing enough , try adjusting the angle forward slightly until you get the maximum effect for your height . The materials and workmanship are first-rate and the mounting hardware is solid , but there 's no quick-release mechanism . Once it 's on , it stays on . Looks great , works fine and does n't cost much -- what else can you ask for ?
 I purchased this muffler from amazon for my saturn . While waiting for the package to arrive i decided to contact the company that makes them and find the inlet and dimensions so i could have the necessary plumming when the muffler arrived . i spoke to a very angry asian female that practically screamed at me , '' its a 2 inch inlet ! '' When the muffler arrived , right on the box , it shows the mufflers dimensions . long story short the muffler has a 2 and 1/2 inch inlet and a 3 and 1/2 inch outlet . It id not a 4 inch tip like it says it is on Amazon.com . i did however get it on having to make some returns and exchanges at the parts store . it makes my little sohc 4 banger sound like a v6 and is very loud , it has a nice deep bass at low RPMs and overall i am satisfied with this muffler .
 invest in this , it will blow you away !!! put them on my mazda 6 speed and everybody has a compliment on how good it sounds !!
 I put this muffler on my 96 civic and it sounds great ! the only think wrong that the inlet and outlet sizes are not what they say they are - mine was 3.5 '' out and 2.5 '' in . but with 10 bucks in parts from auto zone it fit fine and was securely attaches . Overall good price and sounds great and ddeeppp
 I love the muffler ! It makes my 2007 impala look a little less like an old man car and makes it appear a little more street . Definitely loud and I highly recommend this product for the price !
 The muffler was awesome looking when i got it . I own a 2002 grand am 2.2 l ecotec.it does n't do alot sound wise . I cut my muffler off thats what gave my car the deep tone which was awesome . but the new muffler deepened that tone . overall it is a good buy for the money .
 Here 's my deal . I have Sylvania Silverstars in my 97 Ford Ranger . They work well enough , but I wanted better rain , cornering , and road side lighting . So , I shelled out $ 50 for the Sylvania Silverstar Ultra 's
 I bought these lights specifically because of the loss of nite-vision that keeps you guessing about what 's at the corners of your stock headlights beam . These lights are perfect -LRB- if aimed correctly -RRB- because they illuminate the dark areas and give back a sense of security that was lost by that damned nuisance called getting older . Highly recommend the product for its appearance of durability -LRB- glass lenses -RRB- , relative ease of installation -LRB- lots of wire -RRB- and the fact that it all actually works !
 I installed these on my 1996 Toyota 4runner , which has normal halogen headlights ... . not HID not Xenon and not projectors ... I had a hard time seeing the road and the berms , especially after the plows have scraped off all the lines . These lights really light up the near road and cast a wide beam . Installation was actually fairly easy and everything is included . I mounted mine on the top of my bumper -LRB- the bottom would have been my first choice , but there was not enough ` lip ' for drilling -RRB- . These lights work as advertised and are great for my old eyes . Oh , I just hooked them up to a simple switch ... working independently of either the high or low beams .
 These lamps work really well . Improves side vision and area below where the headlamps are focused . I professionally install these KC HiLites on law enforcement rigs .
 Very good company to work with . Quick shipping with items as described . I would highly recommend this product to others !! I am very happy with the way these lights perform . They light the road in front of me and also are great for lighting the sides of the road .
 Light output is normal halogen color , not white , not yellow . coverage towards immediate front and side of vehicle is good and intensity is good , not too bright but you could use it as headlights if you had to , but not recommended obviously . Installation is simple , although i just tapped into my factory fog light wires , as my fog lights do not give enough output and the reason i bought these . Now i can see better at nite and i assume during rainy and snowy conditions too .
 For rainy night driving , these lights performed better than the factory installed fog lights as the wide angle lamps complement with 55 watts H3 , the road sides visibility is better and the lane lines more visible to guide me . Will replace with same lights if the existing one is damaged or stolen .
 i purchased these lights sunday , and they arrived -LRB- free super saver shipping -RRB- wednesday mid afternoon . . absolutely awesome . upon opening the box , it felt very full of quality , and with examination , the lights and all harnesses were absolutely great . i have a 2007 ford ranger single cab , and to mount these properly , the bumper -LRB- plastic and not sturdy -RRB- was a no-go for mounting the lights . too much vibration and would get into other drivers eyes-too much risk . so i took 1/4 '' bar steel and welded a vertical bar behind the auxilliary light holes , and mounted them to the bar-now theyre darn sturdy , never shake , and are solid . . plus it let me spend some father son time with dad and welding!im not automotively in tune with wiring lights and whatnot , so i had my buddy come over and it was a breeze and fun . i took the truck on a joy ride around the ridges of west virginia , and saw plenty of deer etc. one thing i must note is the amazing way the lights see around corners . we live in hill country so its turns everywhere and you need that ability.best 80 $ i ever spent and i couldnt ask for more.well . . maybe another set.the only gripe i had , was the white wire connected to the fuse was without a connector-although i had the tools , it mightve been a setback for others.great product KC , ill order more willingly . and great amazon seller.check my picture out above -LRB- bottom row of lights vs high beam sylvanias above -RRB-
 This is a awesome Light Kit . Everything you need for a quick insluation . Instruction were very easy to follow . These lights throw out a serious light beam .
 i chose this windsheild because i have one like it on my old forman . i live in bristol bay alaska and it get a lot of abuse and has n't broke yet i would recommend it to anyone who would want a good windsheild for the money . the only thing is i wish you would mail items to alaska i had to get it sent to a lower 48 address and then sent to me in alaska other than that i am satisfied with the product thanks
 Bought this to replace a Gold Box ignition on a 1975 International Scout II with 304 V8 and a Holley distributor . Installed in no time and worked like a champ . You do need to reset the timing , but really this could not be simpler .
 This is a great filter , Also the price and free shipping from AMAZON only makes it better .
 I love these new brake pads . It was odd to see only one set with a wear indicator , and learn the red paint is a bit on the thick . A light file to the paint made them fit much better , with less worry of hangups or dragging . The new found stopping power is excellent , and a welcome improvement over my previous 60K mile original brakes . Do n't forget to correctly match the part number to your vehicle .
 Great product ... after the break in process I was cut off by a semi-truck doing 65 + and had to slam the brakes , ill just say im more than impressed by these pads 5 *****
 The brakes stop the vehicle and there is very little -LRB- if any -RRB- noise . Thats a good thing . However , advertisements for the product suggest that this is a `` low dust '' brake pad . All I can say is that if this is low dust , I hate to see heavy dust . After a week worth of driving , it looks like I 've been off-roading . The rims are caked with dust - layer upon layer of dust . I 've forgotten what color the rims are .
 I was able to attach them to my RV and they are a true life saver . They work great , and it was really easy to install . My only problem was the ground for the switch was only 6in long so I had to buy a cable to extend it .
 these are great lights easy to install , very tough goes through brush , rocks and sand even had someone back into these lights and they will not break , these lite up the night , I have already purchased 2 more sets for my other sandrails
 When i order this i thought it was made with a thin metal sheet , but it looks better than that , it is heavy and solid , also made in japan
 just what i needed . my blower quit working and this was just the ticket to get me fixed up . put it in and my blower works again couldnt be more happier , also amazons prices are way better than the dealers i called my dealer about this part and the wanted over 30 dollars for this .
 This is an OEM part so it was a exact replacement . Performs perfectly . Easily replaced by almost anyone .
 Perfect replacement for my 1995 Chevy Tahoe which was having issues with the blower motor speeds.I 've put over 1000 miles on it and so far no issues.Mike c.
 Got these mats to protect the factory floor mats in my 08 Mazdaspeed3 . They fit very well front and back except the driver 's mat , it will take a little trimming to clear the dead pedal on the left . If you have an automatic that probably wo n't be a problem . These should be good for winter , they have deep grooves and channels.The mats were pretty hard to get off the package/hangar they come on , you have to cut them off . Plus the vinyl smell is a little strong , I 'm sure that will fade though . When placed on top of the original black mats , these clear mats appear bluish for some reason . Does n't bother me too much .
 These clear vinyl Rubber Queen mats -LRB- 21.99 , if I remember correctly -RRB- are perfect for my new Toyota Matrix . They are heavy duty vinyl with little or no odor , do n't curl at the edges and cost so much less than others I researched . I am extremely happy to have found them and would recommend them to everyone who likes clear vinyl .
 I bought these for a few reasons . # 1 . Price . Great price , especially because I have Amazon Mom and get free 2-day shipping . I just bought a new car and wanted to get rubber mats down before my son and I trashed the floors with the winter-slush . Got them super fast ! # 2 . Style . I like the clear ones , of course they 're slightly blue-ish . Any clear plastic that 's thick has a blue-ish tint to it.Things I love about these mats : The rubber smell went away almost overnight . It was strong coming out of the box , but it went away fast.They fit quite well , of course they 're not perfectly fitting . I did n't pay $ 200.00 for them ! That 's why !!!! I did n't expect them to . However , I did not need to trim them because the fit was so close . * WIN ! * The edges and stuff are really deep , so you know the stuff inside them wo n't slosh over the edges , voiding the purpose of rubber mats!I love these mats , would n't want anything different !
 Very happy with these mats , I just bought a new car and the mats fit perfectly and do not slide around . They were a great buy and will save the rug in my car from getting dirty .
 Although they did n't exactly matched my Yaris carpet mats shape , they work really well to cover most of it . The mats are designed to be cut without looking cheap or like it has been cut . They have little spikes at the bottom , which is a huge plus because it keeps them in place . The rubber are very sturdy and will do a good job of keeping my car floor clean of debris , water and dirt . I bought the mats in clear so that I could still see my Yaris logo mats underneath , but since the rubber material is so sturdy and thick , you ca n't really see through them , so its the only negative thing . I think these mats are a great bargin too , cause I saw mats like these for just the 2 front seats that cost $ 30 at a auto store .
 I bought these in December of 2007 , so they lasted a little over 4 years . I was online looking for new ones and noticed that these were still available . They held up well over the 4 plus years but after awhile , they can not be cleaned to look new which is understandable.I did like that they were thick . I used them in a new Mazda 3 and they have a good grip to them but have to be cut to fit for the driver/passenger side . I did clean them a few times with a bucket of soapy water and let them dry in the sunlight without any warping.I did pay about $ 15 for them so the price now for them is unreal . They are great mats and I would buy again if the price goes back down . If not , I will look for something else . I highly recommend them if price is not an option to you and you need great mats.They lasted me over 4 years and could probably last a little longer but they are looking dingy . I think it is time to retire them and get some other clear ones .
 I ordered the clear ones for my RAV4 . When i bought the car there were no OEM floor mats in the car . This product is very good . The bottom side that touches the car floor is jagged and it attaches firmly to the car floor - and wont move . The material looks strong . The upper part has deep enough dents to catch dirt but not too deep to be annoying . The smell is not noticeable -LRB- at least not to us -RRB- . The size was perfect for the RAV4 - no trimming needed . Great purchase .
 Mats are of a high quality material . Mine did n't small bad like other users stated in their reviews . I really like them and will recommened them to everyone .
 The product is as good as I was expecting it to be . The rubber odour lasted around a week after which it was gone . It holds dust and dirt very effectively and does n't slide around . I am very satisfied with the product .
 I needed basic car mats to protect the floor of my new car but I did n't want to spend tons of money doing it . These fit nicely in my altima
 These were good quality at a great price but they smell really bad , kind of like skunk and it has been really strong for about a month so far , it is going away but when my car sits out in the heat it gets really bad again , when that goes away I will love them .
 I utilize these clear vinyl mats to protect my carpeted ones .
 Very good quality . Dont curl up and if you have a grey interior like I do in my new Nissan Rogue they are perfect . Helps me keep my car clean .
 These do fit on the floor of the vehicle but they are flmsy compared to similar and slide away from the seat . I expected to get a product that would fit securely in the space provided . That 's why I wanted floormats for my make and model car . Prompt delivery . They will do till I find what I want .
 It 's great product.It could be better . It came with a little strong smell , but it went away in two weeks .
 I bought these for my new Honda Civic . They work well and are very easy to clean . They are universal mats , so you do have to cut them to size . The only problem I had is I ca n't them to fit exactly in the driver 's side floor board -LRB- there is a place for your left foot in a Civic -RRB- . But they work well and the price is very good . The plastic is very thick and sturdy .
 Fits my honda Accord 05 ' Great !!! love them and for the price cant go wrong !! saw the same ones at a local car wash for $ 40 bucks and laughed !
 I need this set for my new car in the wet rainy Winter and it fits well , I even do n't need to trim them . The price is not attractive but is acceptable .
 Good product ... can easily be cut to fit . I found the same item in a local auto store and the price was the same even without paying shipping
 I use these over my Ed Hardy mats to cover them . They are see-through so I can still make out whats underneath and they are very easy to clean . If you need a set of mats to keep your car clean then this is what you want .
 a little tiny blue shade that does n't show that easy can be a little turn off for picky people that like matching things.I gave it as a gift to someone with red Honda and black coloring for carpets and inside the car , was second guessing myself about the black choice.It seemed tick and stable on the foot area the way I noticed for a little while and been thinking clear might show off the dirt later on less than black maybe .
 I bought this belt for my 71 Land Cruiser that has stock F155 engine . It also only has the one belt , there may be other configurations depending on what equipment you have on your FJ40 . This has worked fine . I saw a recommendation on a forum and decided to give it a try since my previous belt was warped around the edges and was severely cracked . This belt scared me a bit since it is normally for large electric motors , but it seems to work great so far after a few hundred miles . No squeaks , chirps , squealing , or wear out of the ordinary . I think it is a winner .
 The difference this has made in the way my car runs ! Wow!I didnt do the install but I understand it is pretty simple and the car , runs probably better than new !
 This is the second set of EBC Greenstuff pads on our our 2000 Nissan Maxima . We live in the foothills near Lake Tahoe . My wife drives the car as it was meant and designed -LRB- stick shift -RRB- . The steep and curvy mountain roads are always hard on brakes and tires on all cars up here . The first set lasted approximately 45,000 miles . These brake pads are awesome . They are quiet , last a long time , and perform amazingly well . They are reasonably easy on the rotors . Cheap aftermarket -LRB- Chinese -RRB- rotors lasted well with these pads . I am not new to EBC rotors or pads . I have EBC rotors and Greenstuff pads on a Toyota MR2 , as well as I have run the EBC 6000 and 7000 series pads on a diesel Dodge RAM 2500 . These Greenstuff pads are very dirty and leave a large amount of dust until they fully seated in -LRB- 1500 miles or so -RRB- , then they are very clean . The pads on my Dodge truck were so noise during the break in period , I almost pulled them off . I am very glad I did not , because after the break in period -LRB- 1500 miles or so -RRB- they became very quiet , and very low dust as well as braking 20-30 % better than the stock Dodge pads -LRB- very glad I put up with the break in squeal , worth it in the end -RRB- . The EBC pads and rotors on the MR2 have made it the best stopping car I have ever driven or ridden in -LRB- I have driven friends Porsches , and Z06 Vettes . When the tires are hot , the car stops from 60MPH in well under a 100 ' . The G force of the stop is amazing , and has helped me avoid an inevitable collision with a deer!Do spend the money and get a new hardware kit -LRB- complete -RRB- . I also index the rotors using a dial indicator . It takes only a little extra effort providing noticeably better results . Dial-indicators are cheap and easy to find with a good magnetic base . Make sure to to lube the pins etc. . on the calipers . At times I have found EBC paints gets a little thick and can effect the pads backing plates and their fitment into the caliper . I have had to occasionally lightly file a bit of the paint off to insure clearance for a smooth slide within the calipers . Make sure you use hi-temp brake caliper grease carefully on the proper lubrication points . Do not get any on rotor or pads surfaces.I am very satisfied with EBC pads , and will continue to purchase them as long as they continue to produce a quality product .
 Factory fitment , name brand , exactly the same thing they sell at autozone & o'reily for ALOT more money , free shipping , no tax ... sold !
 Arrived as stated , on time in good packaging , work perfectly first time after priming and bleeding.Would recommendto anyone needing one .
 I live in a rural town where every pickup/jeep has offroad lights . I put these two on my brush guard and wow . I wired the `` turn on wire '' to my high beams so when the high beams are on these come on as well . I can see some light hitting trees 2 miles away when it is the middle of the night . My friends that have 4 smaller lights are still not as bright as these two . I had a pair stolen off my truck and bought another pair because they are that good . But I also bought extended bolts and padlocked them to the truck this time . BE CAREFUL not only can you blind other cars but if you leave them on with your car off your battery will be dead in a matter of minutes .
 I received this dome/courtesy light pretty fast and it was well packaged . Its basic , no frills and pretty easy to hook up . The LED 's should make it very low current draw and long lasting too . Great price from Amazon .
 I bought two of these to use as props in a film production . They look and feel very real . They have real weight to them . The only thing I was n't a fan of was the generic `` Private Investigator '' phrase on them , but I did n't need close-ups on the badge so they worked out perfectly for what I needed .
 You will not be disapointed ! I can even run these towels in the washing machine several times to reuse them . We do not use anything else .
 Ok , my car likes to eat O2 , so it seams . But I need a high quality O2 sensor . After some research , everyone told me that Mopar ones are the best , but The Denso ones are what mopar uses , they just put them in their own boxes ! But Buying the Denso ones are about half the cost of the mopar -LRB- boxed -RRB- ones ! So I highly reccomend you give them a shot !
 It was a mirror - exactly as advertised . Packed well . What more can I say ?
 I highly recommend these bad boys . In the almost year I have had them installed in my Nissan Titan I have been nothing but thrilled with their performance . They stay aimed even while mudding on construction sites or driving through that crappy Vermont snow storm for New Years . You ca n't go wrong with these!Also - The installation was really even for someone with very little electrical know how . Step by step instructions in the case are in ENGLISH and actually useful . A + !
 awsome product for the price . easy install , super bright , and rugged.the heavy duty large seal is a must for that trail mudding or downpours.also I may add very easy to install after market HID 's which I have done already . use the same wire harness aswell ... I did .
 Thanks , great product , surrendered on time at a fair price . it was already installed in the car working perfectly . ok
 This item has worked well so far . The only part that could be improved is the operating switch.It is marked I and II , would n't C and L have been easier to identify the compressor and light position ?
 I had a few deep scratches on my bumber . I was told that I would have to get insurance involved but it cost too much to fix , so I bought four of the paws and used them to cover the scratches and it looks great . Saved myself over $ 490 dollars and I love dogs to boot ...
 Arrived in great condition . Fit perfectly thanks to the help links that ask the year , make and model of the vehicle . My husband enjoyed this gift since now he can open the window when it rains and these deflectors keep the out where it belongs .
 These Moog K6477 Lower Ball Joints were a perfect fit direct replacement . There was no issues replacing these balljoints . One tip I will offer is 2 days prior to installing the balljoints , place them in the freezer until you are ready to press them into the control arm . It will make them press in much easier . . great product at a great price
 Again , we have a great product from a great line at a very affordable price ! Way cheaper than part stores in town !
 The relay that shipped was faulty and became stuck often . I hard knock would get the circuit to close . I contacted KC 's customer support website and had a reply in one day that a new relay was being shipped free of charge . Ca n't beat that service!The lights have been used for Rallycross and SCCA TSD events . It 's been perfect to light up the course and held up to a lot of abuse over the winter events . I 'm now always looking forward to night rallies !
 The lights came as advertized and work great . I will buy a 2nd pair now .
 Bought these custom fit floormats for my 1997 Acura TL 2.5 Premium and they fit perfect and the color is perfect match . I was worried that the rubber spikes on the back of the mats would break off easily like mats I 've previously had but they appear to be a strong plastic with a wider base so i do n't think having those all over the carpet will be an issue as the mats wear . Thanks for the great product !
 Just bought a pair of these to put on my Polaris RZR for night runs . Got some really nice brackets that mounted directly to my roll cage from sidebysidesports.com to go with these , highly recommended , though I did have to drill and make the hole bigger on the bracket for the large bolt that comes with these lights . But as far as the lights go , they are some of the brightest lights I have seen , but they are HUGE on my RZR , definitely hinder some of my vision.First off , this pair is definitely the Long Range set and NOT the Driving set , incredibly bright and super focused beam . These lights do a great job of lighting up the trail as far as I can see , but the beam is so focused that they do n't shine hardly any light directly in front of my RZR , good thing I have some PIAA fog lights for that -LRB- which are terrible by the way , I have some KC Slimlite Driving Lights ordered and on the way to replace my PIAAs , I will only be buying KC from now on -RRB- . Regardless , these lights do an incredible job of lighting up long distance areas ... if I was going to mount these on a car , I would go with 2 pair . I would set up one pair facing straight for long distance and a pair angled down to light up more of the road.The moral of the story is buy these things , they are incredibly bright . Just make sure you know if you need the Driving set or the Long Range set -LRB- I would recommend Driving for mountainous trails -RRB- .
 The lights look really good mounted on my 2012 Wrangler with the Mopar windshield mounts . But , while putting on the wire loom to cover the wires and connectors that come directly from the spotlights one off the butt connectors pulled off with very little pressure . I look at it and it was barely crimped where it was supposed to be attached to the positive wire . Quality and control dropped the ball on this one !
 The 8 inch diameter looks great and fills the void in the grill guard . They have a very long range .
 Just installed the 6040L fuel door on my 07 Dakota . Took all of 15 minutes to do . Nice look , ease to install .
 Every time I walk into an Auto Zone , I look through all the carpet mats trying to find a set cheap enough that I do n't feel silly buying . I found this set browsing through Amazon 's selection . The price is at LEAST five to ten dollars less than the cheapest sets I 've seen anywhere else , and the quality is just fine -LRB- keeping in consideration this is a product made for putting your dirty feet all over -RRB- . Add the benefit of Amazon Prime an it even satisfies my impulsive spending habits . Definitely worth the -LRB- low -RRB- price .
 I was looking for something cheap to cover the floor of my car . These do the job . Nicer than I expected for the money , although the back ones are smaller than I would like , I ca n't complain . They look nice and will help keep the car a little cleaner .
 The decal was exactly as advertised . It was shipped on schedule , it arrives on schedule . was in time for Christmas .
 PRETTY MUCH WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU GET AND I FEEL THE PRICE IS FAIR . . I PURCHASED FOR MY COUSIN FOR HER NEW JEEP SHE LOVED IT !!
 This mirror was good and cheap . Installation was quick and it looks good even thought it is on a white car . I must admit I was a little worried that it would look out of place , but using the matte finish panel that came with it , it blends right in . It did take quite a while to get shipped to my house , that 's why I gave it a four star . Otherwise I would have given 5 stars .
 Great price and great product . Have used to pull trailer carrying tractor with no problems . It is nice to have the height adjustment option .
 I purchased this hitch approximately 3 or more years ago on Amazon . I installed it on my 2003 Nissan Xterra and generally use it to hook up the 5 x 8 enclosed trailer used in my gutter cleaning & pressure washing business . It 's still holding strong . It really showed its value the few times I 've had to adjust it up or down to accommodate a different -LRB- boat or u-haul -RRB- trailer or when the grade & / or angle is too severe . The only con is that automated car washes will not let me take my truck through without removing it because it jams the brushes when they meet at the back of the truck .
 I had previously had the Chroma Auto Art in paw prints on another vehicle that I really liked . They still looked great on the vehicle when I turned the lease in . I ordered the chrome butterfly for my new vehicle and it 's great too . I was afraid it would be too big , but it 's the perfect size for the back corner of the rear window . It 's a nice quality . I think the subtle flames in the wings makes it kinda of cool as well .
 The product depicted in the picture is the old model developed by Curt for the prius , this design causes the exhaust gases to overheat the rear bumper cover and cause it to melt.Be sure to get the latest model from Curt which has a `` cut-out '' for the tailpipe .
 This is a well-made , heavy duty tow hitch receiver that I was able to install easily on our 2006 Toyota Prius . We got it for use with ourYakima DoubleDown 4-Bike Hitch Mount Rack . Amazon had an excellent price on it , and , although it arrived via FedEx with a partially torn-up & re-taped box , the hitch receiver itself was undamaged . And , the hitch receiver I received was the revised , newer model w / the cut-out for the exhaust.I installed it easily enough in about 30 minutes . To make the job as easy as possible , I had a floor jack , wheel chocks & two small jack stands so that I could safely elevate the rear-end of the Prius in my garage . This is necessary as there is very little clearance underneath the rear end of the car.Once elevated , I removed the two factory tow hooks using a socket wrench -LRB- the factory bolts are metric , although I do not recall the exact size - just that they were smaller than the 17 mm bolts supplied with the hitch receiver -RRB- . On the driver 's side , the tow hook is covered up by a large , thin plastic guard . The installation instructions tell you to remove the guard entirely . However , I simply cut out an approximate 8 '' x 4 '' piece of the guard around the tow hook using a carpet cutter which allowed me to easily access & remove the tow hook & left enough room for the hitch receiver to mount . Then , using the floor jack , I hoisted up the hitch receiver in place and screwed in the 4 bolts to secure it to the car 's frame rails -LRB- the holes matched up perfectly -RRB- . Finally , using a torque wrench , I torqued down the bolts to the 35 ft/lbs specified in the installation instructions.Once I installed the Yakima DoubleDown Bike Rack , I was pleased to discover that I was able to open the Prius 's rear hatch door all the way , clearing the bike rack without having to swing the bike rack down . It cleared by about 1 '' - perfect!I highly recommend this hitch receiver & bike rack combination if you have a 2006 Prius -LRB- it fits other model years as well - 2004-9 I believe , but verify that using the `` Make Sure It Fits '' drop-down on Amazon 's main page for the hitch receiver before you order -RRB- . To recap , the tools I used to install it were : Socket Wrench -LRB- w / 4 '' Extender -RRB- Metric SocketsTorque WrenchCarpet Cutter -LRB- to trim plastic underbody panel on driver 's side -RRB- Wheel Chocks -LRB- to secure front wheels while rear of car is elevated -RRB- Floor Jack2 Jack StandsIf you do not have these tools at your disposal , another reviewer here had it installed for $ 35 ...
 I ordered this from Amazon . Amazon 's price wasquite a bit lower compared to other sources.The hitch arrived on time , and there was nodamage to the box and its contents upon arrival.I took it to U-Haul , who installed it for meon my 2009 Toyota Prius . They charged me for30 minutes of labor , or $ 35 . The installactually only took them 25 minutes . I wouldhave considered doing a self-install if I hadsome drive-up ramps to lift the back-end ofthe car up.The hitch itself is very well constructed , Iwas impressed . It also has the cutout on theright side to accommodate the Prius ' exhaust.I 've used the hitch several times now , and itis working perfectly.It comes with an attachment that allows youto pull a trailer . However , since I only needit to attach a bike rack , I wo n't be using that.It would be nice if they made that optional.All in all , a good product at a good price !
 I had read on a Prius chat board that the bolt holes did n't line up and you had to use a sledge to move them out but there was no problem putting this hitch on . Holes lined up , the bolts that came with it were the same length as the ones that held on the eye bolts . I put it on by myself in 45 minutes . I had ramps to back the Prius up on for space to work . Slam dunk . Just the kind of job I like .
 You would think as long as they have been making this hitch , they could get the spacing on the bolts correct . I put it on myself and did n't raise the car up . It is n't real easy , I used my foot to hold up the other end while I bolted it in . I had to take it down because the holes did n't line up and hit it with a sledge hammer . I had to do this a couple of times to get it right.Have someone help you , and do n't do it when it 's 98 deg 's like I did .
 Came super quick with two day shipping . Was really easy too install , just a couple of bolts and modifying a place cover . Took only 45 mins to install with simple hand tools . Why would I put a hitch on a prius ? When you already have a hitch bike carrier , this was still cheaper and better . Came with all the hardware and simple directions , hard to mess this one up .
 Well built , very strong , the reason it get 4 stars out of 5 is because it was too narrow by about 1/4 of an inch , i had to pry the wings open with a crowbar in order to fit it into the holes pre-drilled into my prius . However , now it works great !
 I had the Curt hitch receiver installed by a local mechanic on my 2006 Prius for $ 45 . I use it only for a Thule Bike carrier . The extra weightin the rear improves handling . No noticeable reduction in MPG . It lowers clearance in the backby a couple of inches because of the thickness of the receiverbut I have had any bottoming out going over bumps . Very satisfiedwith both the hitch receiver and the bike carrier .
 The receiver hitch 11468 arrived within a few days . The shipping box was torn and the hitch had some smudges on the paint , but only minor . The hitch mounting bolt holes were about a half inch short of the frame bolt holes on my 05 Prius . My pictures in the image gallery indicate my solution of the problem using a screw post jack . The mounting process took about an hour since I had to spread the hitch to fit . Otherwise , I 'm very pleased with the product and the price . This hitch does not require one to lower the exhaust , nor does it touch or obstruct the exhaust .
 I have 2 Toyota Prius a 2010 and a 2007 . I ordered this hitch for my 2007 . I recently purchased a small trailer and I needed both the trailer hitch and the lighting connectors for my car . After considering how much my local auto parts store wanted for these two items I decided to order them here on Amazon . First off I saved about 25 % of the items cost by ordering them here and secondly I saved the installation costs that were about 100 bucks by doing the work myself.This hitch is great . Instructions were easy to follow , BUT like other reviewers have mentioned the holes do n't quite line up perfectly . I solved this by first dry fitting the hitch to the car and took note of the issue . My hitch was only about 1/16th of an inch off and no matter how hard I tried I could not get the bolts started so I could secure the hitch . So , i removed the hitch , took my large sledge hammer and carefully `` smacked '' the side of the hitch that was off . To my amazement this solved my problem and i was able to install the four bolts with no problem . On the web you can find videos of how others solved this issue . Since I do n't have a pneumatic lift I opted for the sledge hammer trick.Other than that installation was easy and took about an hour.Can ' t wait to order another Curt hitch for my 2010 Prius ... Now when I 'm towing my bike trailer with my Prius I get many looks ... . and some laughs : -RRB-
 We use the Hitch on our 2009 Prius to hook our Yakima Bike rack to . So far it has worked great . I installed it myself , using standard socket set , torque wrench , utility knife and a floor jack along with some wood blocks . Remove the tow hooks that came on the Prius . Then I cut away the plastic on the drivers side with the utility knife first . Put one end of the rack , driver side on wood blocks and got it close to the car . Put floor jack under the middle and jacked the rack up some more . Slid under , put the passenger side on loosely . Moved wood blocks that were under driver side , moved under the driver side part and put bolts in that side . Tightened but not all the way , removed floor jack , tightened passsenger side to recommended amount with torque wrench then tightened driver side . 18 minutes start to finish . I bought a 4 bike rack , just because it gives more room for the bikes , but never intend to put more than 2 on the rack when it is on the Prius , due to weight . If I want more than 2 bikes , I will use the SUV . Also , you do have to be a little careful when going into areas with a dip -LRB- like big curbs -RRB- because the bike rack will drag slightly . So you need to go in at more of an angle . This has happened more when the parking area you are pulling into or backing out of is higher than the road for example .
 This is the updated hitch that does not cover the tail pipe and cause over heating . Install was a breeze , everything lined up perfectly , did n't take long at all . It took longer to cut the plastic trim under the prius than to unbolt the tow hooks and bolt in the new hitch . I recommend a breaker bar to make it easier on yourself . I put the prius on ramps and used a stand to help hold the hitch . Looks good under the bumper , does n't stick out too far.Best price found on Amazon !
 I received the hitch for my 2007 Prius quickly and installed it right away . I was able to install the hitch without jacking up the car . It fit just right and I love the way my bike rack fits in it . It is a very solid hitch .
 This Trailer Hitch exceeds all my expectations in delivery , quality , installation ease , and service . I have used it to carry 3 26 '' bikes without any problems . The rating is at the top .
 Received this product in a timely manner and was what I ordered . Packaging was a little filmsy and some of the paint was scratched where the receiver hitch was taped . They could have packaged better . Product fit exactly into vehicle without any issues .
 I installed this hitch in 30 minutes at less than half the price of having it done . It looks great . I did not need a hoist . There is an online video that is very useful .
 I bought this for a 2005 Toyota Prius just to use with a bike rack . Install was easy , and it looks very good . It comes with everything you would need except for the ball and wiring kit .
 no problem installing . took about 45 minutes - not bad for a late sixties retired person . used a motorcycle jack to hold it up . everything fit without adjustments .
 one of our better buys , we 'd do it again if the opportunity presented itself ; we 're very satisfied with the product
 Like most of the reviews say mine had been dropped a few times during shipping which had changed the bolt hole alignment . No big deal I just used a screwdriver and a block of wood and a little muscle and she was installed . It took a little longer than I expected but I started at 2 am .
 Went to the auto hobby shop on base , lifted the back of the Prius up , took off the tow eyes , cut a notch in the plastic shroud , screwed this in and reinstalled the shroud . I think it took me all of about an hour and a half to do this .
 I installed this fairly quickly on my '04 Prius . The hardest part was cutting the lower spoiler under the car around the tow hook area . The easiest way was with a Dremel and a cutting disc .
 This unit is perfect fit for my 2005 Prius . The bolt patterns are perfectly match . Installation was easy and took only 1hr to complete . . Great product . .
 Do n't be dismayed by reviewers who experienced trouble installing , it 's a breeze ... especially if you view any of the available YouTube videos or detailed installation instructions online . While holes will seldom line up perfectly , the videos show how easy it is to use a piece of 2x4 to bend it into place . I used a piece of firewood , then a small pry-bar to easily line things up and slip the bolts into place . It took me about 30 minutes to install and 25 of them were spent trying to get the undercover back on and the snaps inserted . This is a great hitch and my Yakima stand-up bike rack fits perfectly . Highly recommended .
 I usually do n't follow up and write reviews like I should here on Amazon , However I felt it was necessary to support this product . Last year I purchased a `` Swagman XC Cross-Country 2-Bike Hitch Mount Rack '' -LRB- another great product -RRB- for my Toyota FJ Cruiser ; but because we like to go on longer road trips with our bikes in tow -LRB- and the price of fuel is not coming down -RRB- , the idea of a hitch on our 2006 Prius was very attractive . I did my homework on Amazon and other sites and decided to roll the dice on this hitch due to the positive reviews and seemingly ease of installation . The beauty of my Swagman bike carrier is that it comes with a detachable spacer so it can be received in either a 1 '' or 2 '' hitch . I ordered the Curt Trailer Hitch -LRB- # 11468 -RRB- on a Wednesday and received it two days later without any additional shipping charge . The instructions were easy to follow and it only took me 20 minutes to install . Everything worked perfectly , holes lined up , etc. . After a week of traveling with my hitch and bike rack on the Prius , I have not found any difference in gas mileage . Get it , you 'll love it !
 This fit very easily onto my 2008 Prius but I could n't do the mounting . I lacked wrenches that were big enough or an air hammer necessary to unbolt the bolts under the car so I had to have mechanics at a local garage with an air wrench remove the bolts under the car and then mount this hitch.Note that there are 2 sizes for trailer hitches and only the smaller one can be used on small cars like the Prius . This smaller size is fine for bicycle carriers or tiny trailers .
 First , kudos to Amazon as this got here in one day . Second , kudos to our FedEx gal who must have treated the package right because all the holes lined up . Lastly , kudos to Curt for a product that actually worked right . Package showed up . In 30 minutes my husband had removed tow clips and cut plastic from the drivers side under plastic -LRB- not visible unless you are under the car -RRB- and mounted the tow hitch . We could n't believe it ! When does anything ever go that smooth !?!?! He did n't have to jack the car up or anything . As a side note , we mounted this on a 2008 Prius .
 i oreded this item and it was shipped out the same day and shipped over 400 miles and got to me the next day . never happened before im gon na buy from them every chance i can .
 Mats were shipped promptly , color is perfect and they are of good quality . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for quality BMW mats .
 THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT . IT EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS . I PLAN TO ORDER AN EXTRA SET FOR BACKUP SOON . YOU CA N'T GO WRONG WITH THIS ONE .
 Since OEM mats are no longer available for my '02 vehicle I ordered these from Amazon . They look great and are thick enough that they should be long lasting . The non-slip backing works . They stay in place . I strongly recommend them .
 This item came quickly to our door not damaged . They are great mats . Wonderfully plush , works great for protection of the floor . We ordered to place in our Toyota Tundra and they are a little small for our big truck . Would work better in a car .
 I bought these for only 8 dollars about 6 months ago . I 'm giving this 5 stars because it does the job - it 's a floor mat!A Kia Spectra is positioned weirdly so the driver side does n't completely fit in a sense . It 's still will look good , but , sometimes it gets out of place a bit . Also , these are n't the heaviest if you know what I mean . But , from my viewpoint , it 's better than paying a robust 70ish for factory floor mats !
 We missed the year-end sale on this item but we decided to buy a set anyway because the difference was just a couple of dollars and the other reviews suggested it 's a good buy . We like it enough to probably buy a second set for our other car.We were n't disappointed.The mats appear to be durable , the top side -LRB- we got the grey -RRB- matches our car interior perfectly and it 's easy to vacuum and the bottom 's little plastic spikes are done just right - long enough to stay in place but not as sharp as to damage the car 's own carpeting.The makers claim that they will fit most domestic and imported vehicles but I 'll list the specs anyway , just in case : - 4 mats , 2 large and 2 small - large mats size
 I like these Rubber Queen Plush Car Mats . They are a great value for the money . The only complaint I have is that I have a clutch car , and the front mat is not cut out far enough to make sufficient room for the clutch . It fits under the clutch , but I have to remember to push the clutch in harder , with the matt underneath it . As the matt molds to the shape of the floor of the car -LRB- and I adjust my clutching technique over time -RRB- , it 's becoming less of a nuisance . My last set of mats was cut out enough to give more space for the clutch , though . Aside from that little draw-back , I really love these mats .
 Could n't be happier with these mats . They do n't exactly match my interior of my Volvo V70 , but its close enough and they fit great . For 20 bucks , who can complain ? Quality seems much nicer than 20 bucks worth . I highly recommend these .
 There is n't much to say about floor mats . I have 2 kids and they basically destroyed the original mats so I was looking for an affordable replacement . I tried these out since they were only $ 25 and they were worked perfectly . They look great and the color matches my interior perfectly .
 The mats are great . They match the color of my Jeep carpet perfectly and , so far , have held up against the muck and sand from Iowa winters . However , I do have one complaint with the packaging . The mats were stapled together and getting them undone left huge flaws in the carpet and also tore up the backs . If I had gotten another color other than black it would be very noticeable . Just wanted to leave a note for someone to consider if they were getting another color .
 The Rubber Queen plush carpeted 4 piece mats are of superior quality . Besides the savings of this product , we are pleased with the merchandise . Extremely satisfied . Thank you .
 Very nice mats for the money ! My biggest concern when ordering was what size they would be . I 'm pleased to report that they 're pretty good sized at 17 inches wide and 26 inches tall . The carpet is nice and thick and the color is a nice , deep black . Overall , I 'm very pleased with the purchase .
 These are well made carpets and I have used them previously . They are hard wearing in the desert and sandy climate in AZ. . Have a spiked rubber backing . I use them over new car carpets to protect them as long as possible . I simply trash them when they get dirty enough . Not much more to say.However I am deducting 1 star for the packaging - I should deduct 2 . They come stapled together with a THICK wire staple . It took me 15 minutes to remove them with pliers and a screwdriver and they left severe indentations that might never work out . If you are unable to use tools to remove the staples -LRB- it has to be bent not to damage the carpet -RRB- then make sure you know someone who can before you buy these . They should figure out some other way of attaching them for shipment .
 The Stant 10138 Oil Filler Cap fits perfectly on the valve cover as if it were an OEM part . It is of excellent quality and value .
 I purchased these for my HiLites 121 long range 130 w , SlimLites for my 2004 Ford Ranger with a Westin brush guard . All items purchased through Amazon with very good pricing and free , reasonable delivery time . I tried to base my purchase , in part , on the reviews given . I often find the descriptive info on the Amazon page lacking in details , or especially in the automotive section , incorrect . Even then you must consider that the reviews cover purchases of many different KC covers . Do not think that the review simply cover the item on that one page . I read that these had elastic bands sewn in to hold the covers on the lights . One even said that there were ties to insure the cover would stay on the lights . One said that these covered over and behind the lights even with the stone guards . Here is what I found on the covers I received
 THEY FIT GREAT AND LOOK GOOD . OTHER THEN THAT NOT REALLY MUCH MORE TO SAY ... YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA .
 Purchased these covers for my jeep Jk love the look that they add to the jeep . Have received many compliments on these
 These have weathered well over the winter with dirt , salt and snow . They fit on tight , so be careful not to move your light out of alignment when putting these on or taking them off . The vinyl is thick and has held up to me putting the light rack into a dity snow bank with no tearing or scratches.Also , these look better on my car then happy yellow smiley faces .
 I really like the performance of these . They are brighter than expencted . I suggested this item to buy for any offroad vehicle .
 This was the perfect OEM equivalent replacement for my 1998 Subaru Impreza Outback Sport with the phase I ej22 -LRB- Single port exhaust but not the updated valve cover design -RRB- . Much higher quality product that you can get for the equivalent price at some place like autozone , checker , etc. . Denso is the OEM Subaru supplier for O2 sensors so you are getting a quality product .
 Having no problem installing it in my 1996 Subaru Legacy . It works like it should and the check engine light never comes back on . I save lots of money from buying the same product from local part stores.Nothing to complain !
 Installed on my 97 Subaru Legacy L. No fitment issues . Old sensor was kinda difficult to remove though , only had a 22mm flare wrench .
 These floormats were a perfect fit . I was a little hesitant to by these because of the price but they exceeded my expectations in their quality and plushness . Very happy camper . .
 The perfect addition . It 's not legal to use here , but it looks too good not to .
 Purchased this product but found product images to be misleading ! Images show a 3-piece rail liner product but only the 2 side rails are included , there is no tailgate liner !! Do n't know if this posting is an Amazon mislead or done by the manufacturer/distributor but be aware THIS IS ONLY A 2-PIECE ITEM!Other then this misleading issue , the rails fit nice , are nice looking and I do n't know whether this is unique to the car model I have but the rails are wider them most other rails I 've seen out there , thereby providing more surface area protection .
 I recently purchased these bed rail caps and i could not be happier . The tape holds extra secure and the caps protect the truck greatly . I would definately purchase again !!!
 These bed rails caps are excellent , , , mine was for a ford ranger and the caps fit perfect.Me and my son put them on and took a total of about 10 minutes to install.Fit perfect and look very nice
 Really great custom fit and easy to install . I might add to follow the simple cleaning instructions before installation and if you are a first timer , have someone with you to help line things up and pull tape strips . When it 's set in place , it stays there . BTW you do need to get the `` tailgate '' cap separately .
 We bought a set to install on our Ford Ranger before installing our Tonneau Cover . By following the directions it was easy to install and they fit perfectly . The tape really does hold . They look beautiful with our Tonneau Cover .
 Saved $ 100 from the local parts stores , even with my commercial discounts . Same brand they sell . Complete unit with fuel strainer . I 'm a professional shop and wish my time allowed for mailing time , I 'd use them more .
 Works great with my Grand Caravan 3.8 , 1994 . Recommended!Pro
 Bought two for my crown vic which had 100k on it . Had them for about 6 months already and so far no problems from them ! Great alternative for the expensive sensors but ca n't comment on long term . Five stars for a good working product from a reputable brand .
 Never had a problem with a Denso sensor . My F250 is running much better with new sensors .
 ordered these to replace the original strus that had 135,000 miles on them . Install was 3 hours for the first and 1hour for the second after learning how on the first . The Trailblazer I installed them on rides like new and all the squeaks from the front end are now gone . Well worth the price .
 I was in desperate need of struts and shocks and a friend offered to put them on for me . I got the product number from my local auto parts store and did a google search on it . Amazon not only offered the exact same product , but they offered it at a much lower price ! I spent under $ 150 on what was going to cost me over $ 300 . Amazon also offers a link where you can make sure the item fits your vehicle which helped me be double sure I was getting the right struts . The ride in my trailblazer is much better and I do n't bounce around everytime I hit a bump !
 Great fit and great ride . I have purchased several sets of KYB for different vehicles and they never disappoint . If you Autox you know these ca n't be beat for the performance and quality for the price .
 This was an exact replacement part . From the markings on the part , I believe it was an OEM part . Fit perfectly .
 Perfect fitgreat pricingfast shippingI was able to complete the job without any further set backsI 'll be back for future purchases
 Worked great . No issues with installation and my SES light went off immediately . Very satisfied , I would recommend this product .
 It has been working well . I will buy again if other original Honda sensors go bad to save money.No need to buy Honda parts !
 I bought this as a replacement cap for my 82 5-series Bimmer . It fits great , is compatible , and does the job . Super pleased .
 I did a lot of searching online before buying these seatcovers and for the money I paid , -LRB- they were among the cheapest I found -RRB- I could n't have done better ! These look great , fit as well as any `` one size fits all '' covers would fit and are easy to keep nice looking . I 've got 2 dogs who love riding in the car , and their muddy footprints wipe off easily ! My last seat covers lasted about 2 years and I expect these to do better than that . These are a great bargain for your money !
 I bought these for my father 's jeep Cherokee . The seats were shredded ! Leather over 20 years old had had enough . I used duct tape to smooth it down and then put these on and tada great comfortable seats once again . Car still going . He has used them for a while now and they still look great .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 I installed these pads about 300 miles ago . I machined the rotors -LRB- as you should with any new performance pad -RRB- and installed these with new NAPA hardware as the pads did not come with slide clips . After the `` Brake-In '' period of 200 miles -LRB- which only had one small squeak when stopping -RRB- they increased in efficiency and stopping power , so it was easy to tell . They dust moderately compared to AC Delco pads , but the dust does wash off easier than most other pads . I took them out and stress tested them by taking them from 90mph to 30mph three times consecutively in my Grand Prix . Not only were they confident in stopping the car everytime , but the grab was predictable and consistent and increase a little bit with temperature . I let them cool because I dont have slotted rotors and I was worried by the time I felt fade the rotors would be heat cracked . After cool down and since then I have not had ANY noise , these pads are dead silent . My rotors show the black witness marks of heat but no glazing from the pads at all . I am thuroughly impressed as a mechanic that insists on installing OEM everything . I tried these on a whim and I am not regretting it , I will install these on my own cars from now on ! Edit
 nice covers and they fit my daughters `` NEW '' Beetle ... nice fabric/neoprene , easy to wash ... shipped on time , and well packaged . .
 I am a helicopter mechanic , In the Aviation business there is only one way to be a mechanic and that is the professional and correct way of repairing anything by the book . If you are a trained mechanic you know there is only one way to repairing anything correctly , Example
 I have experience as a safety engineer and I put off replacing the struts on my car because of people having their heads taken off , face smashed in , or teeth knocked out when the coil spring compressor came loose from the spring while tightening , and went flying like a missile along with the spring . There are huge amounts of energy in a spring that big when compressed.There is even a video on youtube where an `` expert '' had that happen while doing a how to video . The tool went sideways , flew off the spring , and went across the room like a bullet . Fortunately he was not hurt.He was not using this tool , his tool did not have the horse shoe bolts attached by nuts.I studied the designs available for under $ 100.00 . This design looks to be the strongest made , easiest to attach , and the safest.I used it and it worked great . The biggest advantage is that you can tighten the horse shoe reataining/attachment bolts/nuts around the spring which keeps the device from slipping around the spring as you tighten the main bolt -LRB- a real problem with most other designs -RRB- . Because of the spring shape , most clamps/attachment clips want to slide around the spring -RRB- . Unlike some slide and pin type safety devices , this bolted design can not slip out of a hole and allow the spring to slide out from the compressor even if properly installed used.The compressor is made really strong . I see no way for anything to break . It is made of really thick steel not some cheap alloy or cast iron with tiny fingers that could snap.High quality and well made -LRB- mine was made in Taiwan , not China -RRB- , and it is chrome plated or something -LRB- I think it 's chrome , looks like chrome -RRB- so the bolts can be spun easily by hand and then tightened all the way with tools.I was able to compress my strut spring in 15 seoonds total on each side of the spring using an electric impact wrench . I also used a socket wrench to test , and I found it goes faster with a regular wrench if you tighten the nut and not the bolt head . REALLY FAST with very little effort even with hand tools.Very easy to use , built really tough , and durable.After one strut , I did the second strut without worrying about having my head knocked off by a cheap coil spring compressor . Now I am going to do my other car since it is so easy and I do n't feel like I am playing with an IED in Afghanistan.You can get what you want , but I suggest you really look at this design and the safety features . The other designs scare me and I do n't trust their safety.I trust this tool .1 . Make sure you align the spring compressors on the exact opposite side of each other looking at them from the side of the spring they should be lined up .2 . Tighten fully the nuts on the horse shoe bolts . MAke sure the attachment pieces line up correctly with each other on each side . If they are not lined up properly , the bolt will be hard to tighten . You should be able to easily insert the bolt in and out of the attached pieces without binding.TIGHTEN EACH LONG COMPRESSOR BOLT A LITTLE AT A TIME GOING FROM ONE SPRING COMPRESSOR TO THE OTHER . DO N'T TRY TO TIGHTEN ONE SIDE FULLY BY ITSELF .3 . Do n't remove the end bolt on the strut until you can jiggle the spring around in the strut and are sure it is no longer pressing against the top of the strut .4 . NEVER point the end of the strut towards you , always point it away from you . Gently place the removed/compressed spring down , do not throw it down .5 . Before releasing the spring after fully tightening the strut top/end nut , try and turn the top square piece of the strut and make sure it is hard to turn -LRB- it must turn a little -RRB- , if not , the end bolt is not tight enough .6 . Release the spring a little on one side , then the other , making sure the tool is loose and has no tension from the spring before removing the attachment pieces and horse shoe bolts/nuts . WEAR IMPACT SAFETY GLASSES/GOGGLES . Nice tool , I saved $ 300.00 on the installation of the two struts .
 You cant beet it for the price . Works good a little awkward sometimes in tight spot but gets the job done .
 This cold air intake worked great on my Jeep . At highway speeds -LRB- 5th gear -RRB- on some heavy inclines with a load it let the engine keep on rolling -LRB- up to 75 + without downshifting to 4th -RRB- ... plus it makes a really cool roar when accelerating . Now I just need an exhaust to match : -RRB-
 Gas prices are going sky high , so I 'm trying to get the most out of every gallon . I purchased the Airaid intake system , arrived fast via UPS . I know my way around the engine of a jeep , but the instructions were not the best , a little too confusing at times , but I got it installed . I 'm getting an extra mile to the gallon , so if you do the math , it will pay for itself in a year for me .
 This product fit like a glove , very well engineered and took almost no time to remove the OEM air intake system and install the 310-158 . I noticed the improved horsepower immedatly , the gas milage has also improved slightly , between .5 and 1 mpg better .
 The installation plans were clear and concise . The installation went smoothly with no hitches . The installation time was appriximately 1.5 hours at a comfortable pace . The 2001 Jeep Wrangler - 4.0 L had noticeable improved performance after the install .
 This Item is not for the 2.4 L engine Amazon needs to add engine tab on anything that fits any vehicle.I checked it out before ordering so I did n't make this mistake . I did on a few things before and learned to check things out at the manufacture site before ordering .
 Works great and fit perfect on my Dodge Ram Truck -LRB- down stream sensor -RRB- . Exact replacement for the old original sensor .
 What can I say they are light covers . Well constructed and serve the purpose well.You dont see many KC covers like we did back in the 70 's and 80 's . For a resto Jeep they look very cool .
 This was an exact replacement part . From the markings on the part , I believe it was an OEM part . Fit perfectly .
 I purchased this sticker for someone who thinks she is a princess . The sticker is very bright pink , not really sparkly as it appears in the picture . The installation was easy , and I was told it sticks very well .
 this sticker is so cool it not only is pink but it is bling and looks so nice on my car . . i luv it ty
 Had a very hard time getting this off the plastic to apply to window . Other than that , it is beautiful . Received quickly after ordering .
 Im sorry but how cute is this ?? Im a Princess obsessed freak so anything like this is a purchase for me -- Sticks on easily and shines in the lightly so brightly !! Luv it buy it & luv it too!BUT if u wan na match buy the matching larger princess decal that I also reviewed !
 My husband found the perfect wagon for our grandson to pull behind his John Deere pedal tractor , the problem was that it was red . My husband went to work tearing it apart so he could paint it John Deere green.It turned out perfect but we had no decals . I typed in John Deere decals and came up with your company . The decals were perfect and he loved his littlle wagon . What is nice about this store is there were so many styles and colors to choose from . Thank you for your variety ! Cindy
 Same item in farm stores for less then half the price very happy and arrived in less them time expected !
 This is a nice die cut at a good price , from a good seller . It matches the floor mats I got and looks good in the back window of my triple black Sierra 4x4 . I will get more .
 Love this item . I love Lucky 13 as it is , and this decal really looks great on my rear window . = -RRB-
 This sticker is great . Amazing condition , fast delivery . I gave this as a gift and my friend loved it . I saw it after he applied to his guitar ampifier and it looks like he bought it with the decal already on it . Perfect . Thank you !
 For the price this is a decent extension . Chrome is good and the mounting screws hold well.Hard to beat for the price . Not show quality , but is not priced that way .
 they like the way the they like the way they look and they like the way they make their car sound just a little better
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 Moog K6333 Lower Control Arm Rubber Bushing **** FYI 2 BUSHINGS INCLUDED IN BOX **** Unparallelled MOOG quality that I have relied on for years , When I need suspension parts I do n't look any farther than MOOG . I 've tried other brands only to be very disappointed some were no better than the parts I removed.Buy with confidenceRagenRat
 Put 'em on my glass packs and the 21/4 fit INSIDE the out end . No need for a sleeve . Perfect !
 Just got a new Prius C , `` Absolutely Red '' , and it is . Thought a chrome extension might look nice with this color and it does . The item came quickly , well packaged and really does look good on this car.UPDATE
 The Denso 234-4015 is a direct replacement for the B1S2 oxygen sensor on the Lexus IS 300 . Denso is the OEM for the sensor . If you are doing this repair it 's easy but the oxygen sensor socket will make it even easier . Do the repair when the header is at ambient temp , you do n't need to run the engine to heat it up as suggested on some blogs . If the old one is tight try some PD Blaster or WD-40 and work the sensor back and forth to remove . Use anti-sieze on the new sensor .
 This part was bought to replace the original oxygen sensor on my 2001 IS300 . This was a direct , perfect fit . I 've put over 100 miles with this replacement sensor now , and it 's working without issue .
 Denso is the OEM provider for lexus/toyota and this part for my IS300 was the perfect replacement part . Install was quick and easy , i recommend spraying the old O2 sensors with PB Blaster a couple times beforehand and make sure the engine is at ambient temp before you start . Took me 20 mins with PB blaster and a cresent wrench to do both B1 sensors.Cheapest price on the internet !!
 Check engine light on , this sensor did the trick . Go to advance auto , they will read the code for free . Order the part from amazon and save more money . Easy fix , you can even buy a oxygen sensor SOCKET on amazon . I recommend also purchasing the socket to save time . You may need to use a piece of pipe on your socket wrench for more leverage , the O2 sensor can be hard to break free .
 I agree with the other written reviews , this took care of my P0141 error . The Denso 234-4015 is a direct replacement for the B1S2 oxygen sensor on the Lexus IS 300 .
 OEM replacement for the P0141 error code 02 sensor . Wire length and plug was the same exact as OEM so it was an easy swap . Do n't waste money at the dealer and buy it here and do it yourself for less than $ 100 !
 I purchased this item as a gift for a monkey lover . I thought this product was awsome , creative , and equally unique from any of the other monkey items I found over the internet .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 This decal looks awesome on my husbands truck ! It arrived quickly , was in excellent condition , and was easy to apply !
 The decal looks great on my f-150 back lower window . The size is 3 feet long and 33/4 inches tall . Hope it last several years . : - -RRB-
 It took a friend and myself a little bit of time to clean my solid rear window real good and apply this decal . I would most definitely recommend two people for this so you can have one person to hold the decal while the other uses a credit card and slowly applies it so it goes on straight and without air bubbles . It looks great on the center upper-most part of my rear window . I 'm extremely satisfied with this . The only test left is how long it will stay on .
 A bit on the expensive side , but it fits perfectly -- I mean it looks like these seat covers were put in by the car manufacturer . Tight and relatively easy to put in . Some install steps are much easier with 2 people doing it . Openings for side airbags are a nice touch . Overall , esthetically pleasing , perfect fit and functional .
 It fits exactly in the car and arrived very quick . It was really hard to find that part , but I 'm glad I found it .
 Its a perfect fit in my 2002 Trailblazer . Looks great , just lay it out flat for a few days before putting it in your car .
 Just what I wanted , Name brand parts at a great price . Would purchace again . Have told my freinds about this great site .
 I purchased the Moog K6335 Pitman arm and the Moog K6483T steering idler arm for my 92 GMC K1500 truck because the original parts have worn out and the truck was starting vibrate badly . After replacing both parts and getting the front end aligned the truck rides as smooth as it did when it was new . I would recommend these parts to anyone who is looking for a heavy-duty product and is not afraid to take their truck off road.Andy
 I had recently purchaced a truck and , was doing research on seat covers ... I heard good things about Coverkings quality ... so , I took a chance . After a couple of weeks , I was notified that my seatcovers had shipped ... there was no tracking available ... about a week later , another email ... this time , they were double checking if I had ordered the correct covers ... -LRB- My toyota did have a few seat options -RRB- as there are no returns on custom seat covers ... even though I was VERY specific in my original order , I verified the order as correct ... two more weeks passed ... nothing and , no tracking to fall back on so , I emailed them inquiring about my order ... and my package was on my doorstep the next day ... they fit like a glove !! Neoprene seat covers are a little pricey but in my opinion , worth the wait !!!!
 This seller sold and shipped just as requested . Packaged well and arrived when it was scheduled . However , this Stant product did not fit my 2002 Honda Civic as should have and needed additional rubber O rings to seal off coolant system . It could be that the radiator was aftermarket .
 Works great . Being first time user , however , did not know the rubber seal washers can be removed to fit the radiator spout . Wish there was some basic instructions .
 Some of these Stant adapters are expensive so order only if needed . Also , requires the use of Stant cooling pressure tester 12270 .
 This item is overpriced but fits and works perfectly with stants pressure checking device . Fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty .
 Before installing the new LED tail lights we had weak lighting on the service truck we operate . After several near misses with drivers not seeing our turn signal we decided to try LED tail lights on one truck ; they work so much better and brighter that we have ordered enough to outfit the rest of the truck . With the expectation of fog in the winter months we expect our drives to be safer on the roads we have to travel .
 It is a good car floor . I bought it for my Corolla . It is bigger a little , but its quality is very good .
 As I said in my other reviews I really am thrilled to have the items I need and can depend on
 I bought this to replace the POS universal O2 sensor I bought earlier , and boy am I pleased ! Perfect fit and application , and HEY ! No more ck engine light !
 I previously ordered the wrong oxygen sensor so make sure when ordering that you know which plug you have . My plug was the older design so I ordered this Oxygen Sensor to replace my wrong purchase . So let me tell you about this O2 sensor the Denso 234-4052 is great , and I am very pleased . This oxygen sensor gave my truck a big boost in power and it runs like new again . I am very happy I had no idea that a simple sensor like this would effect my truck so much .
 This oxygen sensor was a perfect fit in my 92 4Runner . The connector was the same and the sensor has a long reach like the OEM one it replaced . The wire is a little longer , but otherwise , it worked as advertised .
 The item was very easy to install . The plug was an exact fit . However the wires were a bit long and had to be tucked in so it would not get burned by the exhaust . My guess is there is more then one application for this . So the wires are one size fits all.My truck runs a lot more smooth since replacing this part . 172 , XXX miles and still running strong !
 great quality exact fit . the wires are a little longer but the plug is exactly the same . quick and easy fix if you have a code reader/eraser .
 I have used several of these batteries to replace old batteries in APC UPS units . Some have been installed for over 6 months and they perform as well as the old batteries did . When I was replacing one APC battery , I pealed back the APC label to discover it was actually a B&B battery that they had just slapped their label on .
 This battery works great on my emergency jump starter box . It replaced the original perfectly and was very cost effective .
 A commodity item , but appears to work fine and it matches the old battery in my uninterruptible power supply perfectly .
 Perfect fit and specifications . Got my old UPS running and useful again . Arrived in 4 days from placing the order via USPS standard shipping .
 I bought a pair of these for my computer UPS . The ones that came with the unit lasted about five years . I expect these will do the same . It 's essentially the same technology as your car battery , so unless there 's an internal defect , there 's not much to go wrong .
 I have an old CyberPower CP585AVR that I got in maybe 2001 or 2002 , and I know even though you are supposed to change the battery between 3 and 5 years , mine finally failed in 2012 . I tore the UPS apart to see if I could ID the battery -LRB- CyberPower was NO help in finding a new battery -RRB- and dug up the MFG and item # info . Then found it here on Amazon ... Ordered it , and it showed up within a week -LRB- not critical need , am reworking my home office right now anyway ... -RRB- . Hooked it all up , buttoned the UPS back up and plugged it in . I let it charge for about 4 hours before hooking the computer back up to it , Now my UPS works like brand new . Great way to save a ton of money , and keep from choking up the landfills any further .
 Description of the product was accurate and battery is currently functioning well -- although I have had it for only a week . Delivery time was better than promised .
 The battery was shipped very promptly ahead of time . It is identical to the battery it replaced , at almost half the cost . Time will tell if it will last as long , but I am pretty sure that it will .
 I looked all over for a battery for my PC power backup . I found this one on Amazon . It was what i was looking for and it was cheaper than others i had looked at . It shipped fast and fit my backup perfsctly . The brand name was not the same but it Is a good replacement .
 It 's a battery . Aside from it 's general squarishness , and dark color scheme , it has performed perfectly , except that we have n't had a power failure to test it.I sometimes lay awake at night , and wonder if the $ 40 I spent on this battery will improve my life somehow.It is pretty green , in that it stores energy , and does n't currently consume much energy , although a significant amount went into it 's creation I 'm guessing.If you need this type of battery , have at it .
 These appear to be identical to the batteries that came with my UPS . So , no problems , not much to say . If your UPS is like mine , pay attention to how the old ones are connected as you take them out . It 's pretty easy , but you could get confused if you did n't pay attention to how they were connected .
 It went in the box with no problem . I was very please to see this old back up working again . Not a bad price either .
 Took a risk and it paid off . I bought this for my 2003 3500 with a 5.7 and it worked great . Nice bumper brackets and great directions . Easy to do installed in about 7.5 hours with little to no help .
 This product installed in no time and looks and shift awesome . . Dresses the car up a little . Good bye!Thanks
 I Bought This Item For Me , It 's Fit On Mustang 'S 1987 TO 1993 Manual Gear ALSO LX 's models , Really Nice Design With Chrome Stick And White Shift Nob , It Contain 's -LRB- 5 -RRB- GEARS AND -LRB- REVERSE -RRB- , And I Really Like It .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 Shipping was fast and everything was in order . I am always scared when ordering from 3rd party but i was not disappointed , plugged afm in checked with scanner everything back to spec . I highly recommend buying from this seller .
 The utility trailer I tow , is level with this straight ball mount . I found I needed to put a little more weight forward on the trailer to stop the &#34; chucking &#34; -LRB- up and down clanking -RRB- that I noticed when the weight was centered on the trailer .
 Seems to be well made , but have not tested with a load yet . I get a little concerned when parts that bear weight are two piece , flat welded , but the welds do seem very solid .
 main reason i chose this brand is because of it 's quality . i use it to make my own tire inflation system using a scuba tank rig without having to drag the tank around from tire to tire .
 My wife used to complain about static shocks . Touching her after I got in the car when she picked me up resulted in zaps and loud complaints from her ! I attached this to our car and no more static arcs and no more complaints!This item is 25 '' long by 11/16 '' wide and about 5/32 '' thick . The grommet hole is about 7/16 '' D. I easily attached it with a SS bolt to a hole in an existing chassis bracket clear of moving parts , using a star washer to bite into the steel to make a good connection . My car is a 1998 Honda Accord . The strap is much longer than needed and can of course be trimmed.This item is much more reasonably priced than similar items which have an OEM photo and a professionally produced marketing description . I have n't tried any others but it is hard for me to imagine how this can be improved on . Of course , now we get questions from people wondering what is hanging under the car , but that is to be expected ! It 's well worth it .
 If you have Nylon seats covers in your vehicle , then this item will keep you from being zapped ! Works great . Just use one of the existing holes on the frame , make sure you clean the area with a wire brush to make it shiney and attach it with star washers and stainless steel hardware . Works great ! WARNING ... be prepared for everybody in the world to tell you that you have something dragging underneath your vehicle .
 before the static strap You got zapped Everytime You got out of the trailblazer so bad at night you could see the orange spark now no more of that it is nice and long its bolted on the side of a cross memberPETE
 Perfect ! Like it came out of a time capsule . This fit on my vintage Ford with perfection ! Gates is a quality product .
 This product accomplishes it 's goal of getting rid of static from sliding in and out of fabric seats in our car . We recommend it highly to anyone with a similar problem .
 My Subaru has always gave me a static shock when I would leave the car and then go to close the door . Is it caused by the static built up from me getting up and out of the car ? Probably . I went back and forth on trying this for years but always thought of it as `` Snake Oil . '' I saw a parade of police vehicles go by one day and noticed that all -LRB- must have been 40 police vehicles -RRB- had them . That convinced me to give it a try . I found an easily accessible -LRB- and long enough -RRB- bolt under my car that I could use and the whole job took under 5 minutes .6 Month follow up
 This product works as expected when installed properly , -LRB- attached to the frame of the vehicle . -RRB- You may have to be a little creative on the installation - I installed on a 2011 Honda CRV and I used a couple of tapped holes on the frame . I drilled another hole on the strap and attached to frame after purchasing a couple of metric bolts with flat washers and lock washers . Be prepared to be told many times by well meaning people that you have something hanging from your vehicle .
 True , it seems like everyone wants to tell you something is hanging from the car , including my mechanic ; drives my wife crazy , especially while shopping !! They mean well . It does what it states and yes the car does seem to be less dirty . I see these a lot when traveling up in Canada . These were very popular in the states in the 50 's , along with curb feelers and brody knobs . I think the rubber straps are best as the metal type corrodes , especially with road chemicals . If you have a raised vehicle , like a truck , get at least the height of the truck plus about 8 '' as it must rest on the ground when stopped , and best if it drags while going slow . Very durable . Be sure you bolt it to a metal part that goes to ground , and use a star washer if you can ; meter the contact point to the battery NEG -LRB- - -RRB- to be sure it is grounded . If you connect to an insullated part , painted surface , or plastic it will not work at all . Do n't be surprised if you meter the strap and it does not zero ; it is carbon impregnated but is not like a wire . Do n't accept it if it is shipped curled as it must touch the ground well ; the wind will lift it while driving fast . I prefer connecting near the front and no reflector . Work carefully . If your wife complains too much , take it off , or do n't put it on her car .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 Matts just as described , nice fit , nice thickness , nice everything , fit my BMW 325i just perfectly , will buy again , thank you very much !
 This was one of the only bed caps I could purchase . The plastic is not as thick as the bedliner , but its ok . I think its good enough to protect the bed rails . I gave 4 stars because it fits very well but the stake holes did n't line up . It was ok because I just cut the needed piece out on the bed caps and installed my anchor points over it . Had to cut with a small knife . The anchor points covered the cut plastic and stake holes completely so it was n't that big of a deal . The 3M tape is pretty strong and thin , so the cap mounts more flush to the body . There is some excess plastic towards the truck cab end , but not very noticeable . The cap protects about 2.5 inches on the inside of the truck bed rail . With the bed liner , there 's still some metal showing , but not very noticeable -LRB- about .25 '' -RRB- . It would have taken about 10 minutes to install , but I had to cut the stake holes out so it took about 40 minutes .
 Very pleased with the fit and finish of this product . It was for my neices car . I would purchase this product again . In fact I was so impressed with this , that I bought 2 more for my truck and car . Also bought them for my parents .
 I like these gloves very much . They are light , fit very well , and very comfortable . You do n't loose very much feeling from wearing them . 85 % cow hide leather , 5 % nylon , 5 % aeroprene , 5 % syn leather . Lining 100 % polyester . All the protection on the knuckles and fingers is foam based and flexible . I have not taken a spill on them yet but they should do the job nicely . Made in china . You always get what you pay for . But I think these are a good value . They are much more expensive at my local stores .
 fit is very good , offers great protection -LRB- at this price point -RRB- . only complaint would be that alot of black -LRB- dye ? -RRB- transfers to my hands -LRB- from the inside of the gloves -RRB- , I hope that this diminishes with usage .
 These gloves are awesome . Since the first time I put them on they felt really good . The padding is perfect and so is the fit and just by looking at them you can tell that they are very well made . Worth every penny .
 These gloves are really comfortable - they mold well to your hand and have a natural curve to the fingers that works for riding . They are pretty good at blocking wind , but my hands still get cold at any speeds above 30-40 mph .
 This lower 02 sensor for my 1996 civic was direct fit and works . I have no complaints and everything came in the box with what it should of .
 Great oxygen sensor . I prefer these over the Bosch sensors . Not saying there is anything wrong with Bosch.Made in Japan , so you know it will last a long time .
 its been about 3 months since installation . installed like its suppose to . i think denso is a quality product for hondas especially .
 Bought this for waaaaayy cheaper then what dealer sells it for , Denso is what they sell too ! Install in seconds and easy clip to the OEM plugs .
 I ordered this for my husband to wear . He wears it so our 10 year old daughter can hold on to him securely while riding on the Harley with him . It works great and she can easily hold on !!
 I purchase this brakes pads , because I was mad about the dust brake that the oem brake pad left on the rims.This Pads are noiseless and clean.Recommended 100 %
 Oem replacement at a great price . Beats the dealer hands down ! Cord length is a little longer than expected for an accord .
 I finally gave in to buying this O2 Sensor for my 96 Accord . The code it kept giving was that there was a Heater Circuit Malfunction.Replacing it was easy . . Here are some steps that I came up with ... 1 . Removed the 4x 10mm bolts holding the heat shield surround the catalytic convertor and push the cover aside . -LRB- This is to give it more space -RRB- 2 . Took a 7/8 '' wrench and LOOSEN the sensor . -LRB- Do n't remove yet -RRB- 3 . Removed clips holding the wire to various parts of the underbody by means of pliers .4 . Removed the connector from underneath the car . The button to release the connector was stuck on mine , so I had to press hard .5 . With the wire nice and free , I can finally continue to remove the sensor off the CAT .6 . Install the sensor with the anti-seize packet -LRB- copper looking packet -RRB- onto the threads , not the sensor itself ! A light coat goes a long way7 . Tighten snugly -LRB- No need for overkill -RRB- and route the wire back to the connector .8 . I used zip-ties to keep the wire from dangling .9 . Clear up any codes or unplug the battery.Simple job . Took me 20 mins . Simple plug and play . It 's a Denso , you know you can trust it ! Quality product .
 Item took about 2 weeks to arrive in Canada . This is a genuine Denso part which was exactly like the factory sensor in my '98 Accord V6 .
 Took it to local car shop to install . Great price and no more `` check engine light on '' . YAY ! There were no complaints . I have had this in my car for a month now , so far so good !
 Great product to save $ $ $ from buying Honda 's factory -LRB- denso -RRB- sensors . It fits great and works just as well . They are made with quality and should last a long time .
 Excellent product , very easy-to-follow instructions , great website support.Performed flawlessly in the mud when used for the first time .
 The picture makes the steering wheel cover appear pretty and a little pastel , but in reality the colors are vibrant and they pop against the fuzzy black . When you take it out of the box there is a very STRONG scent to the steering wheel cover , but a little fabreeze and in a few minutes it was gone . :--RRB- I have a mercury tracer -LRB- aka ford escort -RRB- and it fit snuggly . If my steering wheel were any bigger I fear it would n't have fit . -LRB- I think the diameter of my steering wheel is about 18 '' -RRB-
 First off , I did not order this through amazon ... I got it at Dollar General for cheaper - 8 dollars.I have a 2005 Chevy Trailblazer and this cover was a very tight fit . I have no idea how big my steering wheel is though , so that 's not the company 's fault - I should have researched more first . That being said , I DID get it on my steering wheel . First attempt failed . It just was not going on . My husband and I literally had to stretch it a little first . He held it , so did I and we just pulled , lol . After doing that I tried again . Still had to work it a little bit but it did go on and now is very secure on my steering wheel . It looks nice , I like the feel of it , especially that I dont have to grab a cold steering wheel now -LRB- cold here in Vermont ! -RRB- I def . recommend this cover , but if you have a Dollar General Store nearby check there first .
 This was purchased for my daughter 's Ford Ranger which has a 14.5 '' -15 '' diameter steering wheel . It was packaged extremely well and in retail wrapping . It had easy to read instructions that worked great . Just take it slow and stretch it a little for a snug fit . If I remember right , they packaging indicated it was for a standard steering wheel 14.5 '' - 15.5 '' and I believe it would work very well in that range . The material and craftsmanship was great , and I think it will last a long time . It is very comfortable to grip as you are driving .
 i bought this for my wife 's Ford Focus during Christmas . She loves it so much . It keeps her steering wheel nice and the fit was not bad at all . Recommend definitely
 This product is mostly as expected . However , I could not find a size in the description , and it turned out to be too large to fit my steering wheel -LRB- size 14.5-16 .5 inches -RRB- . I would love to find it in a smaller size -LRB- 14in -RRB- .
 I got this steering wheel cover about 3 weeks ago , and I just love it!Yes , it has a strong smell , but to me , it smells like a new car ... and so darn cute ! Fit is nice and tight , too.I keep petting the fur the entire time I 'm driving.I want to get the accessories , but I 'm going to have to cut a chunk out of the corner of the driver 's side floormat - Vibes have a `` foot rest '' that is clunky and in the way of any but their own Vibe mats . The floormats I saw in Kmart -LRB- only $ 17 for a pair of front mats -RRB- that are part of this line are pretty sturdy , and I hope it does not fall apart when I cut that corner out - I 'm afraid I will ruin the pink binding . Gon na try , tho , and sew/glue the raw ends.I also like that the hearts are embedded in the fur and do n't make bumps under your hands .
 I bought this for my Truck , and did n't read the info and its not for Chevy Trucks so I gave to my friend who loves loves loves it ! Fit on her Honda Accord great , and she loves the design - These are sold at Auto Zone also for 19.99 - Ca n't beat the Amazon price ! : -RRB-
 It was exactly what i wanted , at a very reasonable price . Also shipping was extremely quick , am always pleased when i buy from amazon.com .
 Great product !! I love my steering wheel cover . It 's very pretty and extrememly functional -LRB- no burnt fingers or hands on hot steering wheels -RRB- !!!!
 Made my car smell like new!A bit hard to put on the car . . at least for a girl ... but hey it 's on!It looks great !
 This is an excellent price for a great deal ! If you do n't like freezing steering wheels in the winter or blazing hot steering wheels in the summer , you should definitely buy a steering wheel cover . I did and I am so much happier , no more driving without hands on the steering wheel because of the temperature !!
 I bought the seat cover along with the steering wheel cover for my mom 's car , and she loves them ! They fit perfectly too .
 Its much prettier than it looks like in the picture ... Very fast shipping , overall a great product .
 A bit large for my steering wheel . It does make it nice as far as not gripping a cold/hot wheel when driving . Very colorful .
 I ordered the steering wheel cover and matching seat covers for my daughter 's birthday . She loved them both !
 Easy install , nice life , firm brake , great stopping distance doing wheelies and off road . It 's hard to come by quality like this
 I needed some locks for heavy-duty trailers that use 2-5/16 '' Bulldog couplers . I had previously had bad luck with Guardian locks , which were more expensive , not as well made , and not backed up by the manufacturer.These Master Lock coupler locks not only appear to be much better locks , they come with a limited lifetime warranty from Master.This lock fits the Bulldog/Hammerblow couplers and is a very reasonable price . Fortunately , I can not say how well they resist thieves ' attempts to steal the trailer , but they will certainly provide a substantial deterrent.I bought mine in October 2008 and they did not have a rubberized coating nor a keyway cover . They have a chrome finish that appears to be excellent . Despite being in the weather all winter in Indiana , they still look and operate as if they were brand new.Edit , 1 January 2012
 Although the packaging says its a 379DAT , and looks somewhat a little different that what is pictured , what I received was the black rubberized version , not the chrome rubberized finsh as depicted . But , a Masterlock is a Masterlock . So if you 're like me and just need a lock that 's going to sit outside on your trailer anyway , then it does n't really matter .
 Great peace of mind for an affordable price . Locked onto our 30 ft. trailer with no hassle . Looks like it would fit most anything . The polish finish is attractive and Amazon 's price beat the heck out of our local RV dealer .
 Lock is solid , heavy and appears to be well built . The action on the lock is smooth , and it 's protected with a rubber cover . The lock fits fine on my ball hitch.I must say a motivated thief could probably take care of this lock with a sledgehammer or pry bar , but as a basic lock it should be fine . If you are seriously concerned about your trailer , pair this product with another secondary lock .
 These locks were exactly what I was looking for . They are were versatile enough to fit several different size trailers , yet came at an affordable price . The quality is what I would expect from Master Lock , heavy duty but not too bulky .
 They have updated the picture and it does show the lock as I received it . It fits and locks my Haulmark trailer and boat trailer both without any issues , both have 2 '' balls . It serves it 's designed purpose well . It gives me some peace of mind knowing that someone ca n't simply back up and drive off with our boat or cargo when we are on trips.The unit feels fairly robust but sadly the keys are weak . I found if I was n't careful the metal key bent when using it to get my setup installed and removed . To assure I did n't have a key break I made a copy and have been using the stronger copy key now . My particular key had a weaker spot due to a deep cut in the pattern of my lock so this may not be an issue for you .
 Got two of these , for 7K and 10K trailers.With the 7K , I have to pull the receiver latch back to make room for the lock , but with the larger 10K trailer , it goes right on as the latch mechanism is farther back.This lock will not stop someone with a sledge hammer where you ca n't hear them.The difference between this lock and a more expensive one is probably a few whacks compared to a few more , so why spend any more money than you have to.This , plus a set of wheel locks -LRB- trailer tires a VERY EXPENSIVE -RRB- is about as much as you can do .
 This lock is functional , but it does not feel very sturdy . Obviously a lot of the construction is plastic , but the inner metal portion does n't feel very solid either . I have n't tried , but it seems like you could pry this off with a crow-bar . Some of you will note that this type of lock is usually meant to discourage -LRB- not prevent -RRB- a thief . In this aspect , the lock met my expectations . Still , I ca n't see someone being overly discouraged by this lock.As far as postiives , I like that the key hole has a cover , and after using this for about a year , I have n't noticed any fading or discoloration.Buy it , if you like , or consider a more expensive -LRB- and more secure -RRB- option . I 'll keep using it , but I would n't buy it again , if given the opportunity .
 I had a nightmare and went searching for a lock for the small trailor we have . Amazon had this listed and I bought one . It put my fears to rest . Very easy to understand and use . Secure lock . Great price . Very satisfied with product . Has worked very well . Highly recommended .
 I use this in conjunction with a tire lock and a master lock on top of the coupler . The idea is to make the premise of stealing my camper as difficult as possible . This lock seems to be well built and does fit well into the coupler but it is a little loose . This is a solid , heavy unit but I do n't think anything is perfect . I would suggest using as many locks and deterrents as possible .
 Hubby was looking at Gorilla Coupler Locks for our boat trailer , but after reading some negative reviews I did some searching and found this lock . Seems well-made and is simple to use . Great price , too .
 How safe is my trailer ? Ca n't say for sure , even if I hired an armed guard to protect it someone could still get it . So I feel like this product does exactly what it says it does and is very easy to use so I give it 5 stars . In reality it is just a deterrent I suppose . How much effort would it take to crowbar it off ? I do n't know but I believe it will keep the honest people honest and I do feel better when it is locked on .
 I was in need for a locking device to secure my travel trailer while being stored . In surfing the web , and after great consideration in quality and price , I decided on the Master Lock 379DAT Universal Trailer Coupler Lock . I purchased it and once it arrived , it was very simple to install . It is a very sturdy and dependable lock to insure against theft . I would recommend it strongly as it a good deal for the price.Master Lock 379DAT Universal Trailer Coupler Lock
 I have used the old cast iron trailer locks for years . This seems much better . I am a little concerned about it being made of plastic . It would appear that a good hit from a large hammer might destroy it . However , it 's nice that it works smoothly and does n't rust .
 I looked at a few cheaper options but I 'm really glad I went with this . The moment you pick it up , you know it 's not something that can be easily removed or bashed off with a hammer . This is a solid , hefty device that I know will protect my trailer . It fits great and will not come off .
 It may be hard to believe how many trailers get stolen because some thief pulls up , hooks up , and is gone . With the lock , they ca n't hook up to the trailer . This is a must for travel trailer owners .
 This hitch lock looks good and I expect will foil the casual thief . It seems to me an aggressive thief could pry this lock off , but of course I have not tried it . It fits a little loosley in my 25/16 '' hitch but does it 's job.My main complaint with this lock is removing the insert that fits into the hitch ball area as it slides backwards to release the lock . Almost every time when taking this off we have ended up with nasty grease on your hands from inside the hitch ball area . I highly recommend using disposable plastic gloves when removing . Obviously a learning curve to pay attention to this messy situation.I do recommend the lock and would buy it again , just be aware that it can be messy .
 The master lock 3495AT class 3 is outstanding . It fits nice and snug in my Chevy Silverado receiver . It is strong and sturdy .
 THIS UNIT IS COMPARABLE TO LOCAL UNITS THAT ARE A BIT MORE EXPENSIVE . VERY SIMILAR TO REESE UNITS OR THOSE SOLD AT UHAUL FOR MORE MONEY .
 The engine in my 2000 Ford F-150 Supercab started dying frequently , the dreaded `` check engine '' light came on and I did not want to take another $ $ $ trip to the dealers service department . So I do a little research on OBD and bought an Actron CP9135 OBDII AutoScanner at an excellent price . Plug it in , retrieve the `` P1507 '' code , which translates to `` Idle Air Control System Underspeed Error -LRB- Ford -RRB- '' . I check the IAC sensor and discover it 's not plugged in right . I fix this connection and the problem disappears ! If you have a modern -LRB- post 1996 -RRB- vehicle and you do a little of you own auto work -LRB- turn a wrench now and then -RRB- you need this OBD box . Actron makes an excellent product at a very good price . -LRB- If you have an check engine light on - you need a OBD box ! -RRB-
 I bought this becasue my Ford constantly pops it 's Check Engine light . Considering the visit to the dealer is around 3/4 of a bill each time , I figured this would equal two trips to the dealer.It does a nice job of reading the codes and resetting . It also does a nice job of monitoring the sensors . What it will not tell you is exactly how to fix your problem in many cases . I am an ex-service manager -LRB- from the pre-techno era -RRB- and reasonably accomplished mechanic . Even I have to do research after collecting the code . Determine WHY you have a particular sensor reading . Different things can trip the same sensor.This is a well built tool to help you in your diagnosis . It is not the automatic answer machine some people may assume it to be.I think this tool should sell for under a bill . That detracts one star .
 The Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner with its on screen definitions allows the user to determine why the `` Check Engine '' warning light is on . It also lets the user know if the onboard diagnostic computer -LRB- OBDC -RRB- has collected enough data to allow the vehicle to pass inspection . After the cause of a fault has been corrected , the vehicle must be driven long enough for the computer to log sufficient data . Bringing a car for inspection without complete data in the computer will result in the car being rejected -LRB- at least in Massachusetts -RRB- . The Actron CP9135 is no longer being sold by the manufacturer . Newer models with more capability are now available - but they are much more expensive . I am very happy with my purchase . It provides me with the information I need to maintain my cars , and I was able to buy it through Amazon.com at a reasonable price . The CD which accompanies the scanner contains a wealth of information about error codes , but it is not used interactively with the scanner . The Actron CP9135 has no computer download -LRB- or upload -RRB- capability . Upgrades require a chip replacement . Whether or not these exist now or will be available in the future I do not know.In summary , the Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner is a good buy if you want better insight into your vehicle 's diagnostic status , and you like having your own tools . In eastern Massachusetts any AutoZone store will check your error codes for free , so owning your own scanner is a luxury , not a necessity .
 Autozone loans these out for free and runs your car through one of these for free , but I think it 's great to own your own . Mechanics charge like $ 60 to read your computer code , and another $ 60 to erase it . It 's better to just do it yourself with this lil machine . Takes less than a minute to erase your code !
 good scanner but does not retrieve codes for Brake -LRB- ABS -RRB- or Air Bag -LRB- SIR -RRB- systems .
 With the blend of features and the price point of this unit , you will not find a better deal . Assuming your looking at these reviews you probably fall in to two main groups . 1 . Someone who is having issues with their vehicle and 2 . Someone who is really into cars or working in automotive towards being a mechanic . If you fall in the first group and just want to know why the check engine light is on , you can go to a major auto parts chain like Advance or AutoZone and they will tell you why in an attempt to sell you the parts to fix it . No sense spending money on a scanner if thats all you want . If you want the power of knowing and not have to go out of the way then consider a pocket scan which is cheaper . For most people you will need to subscribe to Alldata or Chiltons online , or buy a book like Autodata 's diagnostic trouble codes to solve some of the problems with your vehicle . The scanner wo n't do it for you or put it in laymans terms . This scanner is more for group 2 , this does the i/m readiness test for emmissions as well and is a solid entry level scanner . If you work in the field I would suggest getting a unit with enhanced obd capability if you can afford it .
 The dreaded `` check engine '' light came on . Rather than have the garage check out my car , replace a lot of stuff and charge me major bucks , I decided to buy the Actron CP9135 OBDII AutoScanner . The scanner indicated an oxygen sensor problem . I reset the error and decided to have my car evaluated professionally , if the problem returned . Many weeks later and the `` check engine '' light has not come back on . I think I got a bad batch of gasoline . The Actron CP9135 has paid for it 's self and it 's very easy to use .
 I had a check engine light problem with my car . I purchase the meter and it was able to determine the problem via the code . I was able to fix the problem with 1/4 of what the dealer charges . The meter saved me hundreds of dollars . Highly recommend it !
 Overall I like the Actron CP9135 . Easy to use , fast access to the codes that your car is producing , and let 's you know if you 're ready for the emissions test . Of course now that I have it , I 'm sorta wishing I had a model that allowed the next level of diagnostics - either allowing real time monitoring -LRB- CP9145 -RRB- of the conditions or a snap shot -LRB- CP9175 -RRB- capability which provide more background for diagnosing the problem . I guess it 's all detective work - and the code itself is part of the puzzle - but more information is better . Still - for the money the Actron CP9135 does a nice job of getting to the codes , and erasing them if need be . So for basic capabilities - this is a good unit . For more advanced diagnostics , take a look at some of the higher end units .
 I am surprised that the other reviewer of this product actually expected the code scanner to fix the problem , My advice ? Read the product description and you 'll know all it is a DIAGNOSTIC CODE SCANNER '' and not a ` DIAGNOSTIC CODE SCANNER PLUS MECHANIC IN A PLASTIC BOX '' . It 'll help you if you want to repair your own vehicle .
 Works great on my BMW as well as my Chevy . The scanner works quick and is intuitive to use . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a similar unit . I think Actron makes some of the best mainstream OBDII scanners on the market .
 NO battery required . No extra plug adapters to figit with or lose , just a simple , easy to use plug and play code reader for your vehicle . Price was great and I need not look up the code description in a book or on a CD-ROM , instead I instantly know why the darn light is on again and after repair , rest th light to pass inspection . No more black sticky tape to cover the CEL Woo-hoo ! What I want to know is why vehicle manufacturers do not build this simple tool into the vehicle itself , cost would be $ 20 or so , easily absorbed by the huge price tag paid when new . A solid light that says check engine ? `` Come on ... thats so 80 's man ... This is the new millinium ! ''
 I had a cracked air intake hose that caused the `` check engine '' light to go on , but a couple days after I fixed it . I was n't sure if that was the reason , and if it was , I did n't want to take it to a dealer just to clear that code.This did the trick . Very easy to use , gave me the code so I could check what it was . Once I found out , I knew it was the cracked hose . Cleared the message using this unit , and it never came back . Had I taken it to a mechanic or dealer , they 'd probably have told me it was some other problem and I would n't have know if they were telling me the truth or not .
 Good product.Not so hot documentation/User manual.Somewhat hard to read in bad light -LRB- ie
 Have a 2003 Ford F150 that started missing and as usual the Haynes Manual is about as useful as a sack of marbles on the steps of Angkor Watt . Ordered this code reader and got two messages ; both saying in effct that the number three cylinder is missing . Odered a replacement coil from Summit and with a minimum of grimy knuckles the beast is purring like a kitten . I like this tool ... but electronic ignition systems will never be as reliable as 1950s technology . Detroit is making it harder and more expensive to do simple home repair . Good tool , bad auto-motive design ! Baaaaad !
 My Actron CP9135 immediately showed the problems -LRB- 2 -RRB- I was having with my Cadillac . My `` service Engine Soon '' lamp was on and it showed the EGR valve was defective and I was getting a misfire on cylinder # 4 -LRB- turned out to be a coil pack -RRB- . Saved me a bundle of money over taking my car to the dealer for repair.Thanks !
 The Actron AutoScanner is a great product . I have a 2000 Ford F150 which recently showed a `` Service Engine Soon '' light . I hooked up the scanner , that I recently bought from Amazon.com , and it immediately showed that the MAF sensor was faulty .
 It does exactly what it is advertised to do and is extremely easy to use , even by an old codger like me . I am very happy with the performance of the tool and its fair price . Highly recommended !!!
 I bought it because two of my cars threw codes . The BMW cost me over $ 100 for the dealer to read , tell me they could n't find anything wrong , and reset ; I used this scanner to verify that the other car 's code was n't significant , delete the code , and it has n't returned for over a month . It 's already saved its purchase price . Simple to use , inexpensive , and does the job .
 Here is the short version of my story . My teenage son complained of his check engine light on . Knowing that it would be at least $ 100.00 to take his car to the shop , I purchased the Actron CP9135 . In no time it said the vehicle had had 4 random misfires in the cylinders . Knowing this was rather unusual , I asked my son if he had run his car out of gas . Bingo ! Problem diagnosed . I cleared the codes , and the car is running fine . Well worth the money .
 Convenient , easy to use , does exactly what it says , explains what the codes mean , says what it 's doing.Exactly what I needed , best price I could find .
 We were frustrated by the check engine light coming on frequently , sometimes staying on in our Toyota Sienna . Buying this scanner gave us a description of the problem . The shop manual gave us a translation and suggested we start by replacing the air filter . This cured the problem . Total cost for scanner plus filter was about the cost of taking the car to a mechanic . If you are frustrated by the check engine light in your car , we can strongly recommend this product as long as you are willing to translate the cryptic description on the scanner and do a little mechanical snooping . Why do n't car manufacturers build this scanner into their cars instead of giving us the check engine light ?
 This will bring up any engine codes and clear them accordingly . I have n't found anything that could n't be done with the pocket scan though . The only difference I have noticed is that this one is bigger and costs more .
 This baby is saving me a fortune in diagnostic fees from my local mechanic . Feels fairly sturdy and has a nice display . Price was right too . Probably has more features than I 'll every use though .
 This tool already paid for itself in the first week i got it . it 's simple and user friendly , i 'm happy i bought it .
 this scanner is very simple and easy to use . i used it right out of the box with no problems
 I am a shadetree mechanic who likes to work on my cars on the weekends at home . Some time ago I bumped into a `` check engine '' light in my wife 's 97 Odyssey and the Honda dealer chrged me $ 60 just to read the code . Since I was in a hurry I paid for it and for the Oxygen Sensor related to the failure , a total of $ 300 . So I decided to buy this scanner and it has turned out a terrific product , I am now charging $ 20 bucks to read codes on friends cars and it has already paid for itself twice . No more paying the dealer for this stuff .
 I received the item as agreed and in the time stated . I have used the item and am very satisfied with the purchase.Thank you
 It is really an amazing tool which can tell you the monitors ' status . After you driving to the emission test station in your limited lunch time , waiting for a long time , you will not get a `` rejeted '' cause you know exactly your car is ready or not .
 Purchased after borrowing friends code scanner -LRB- cheap off brand -RRB- that gave back codes that were not on list and others that looked like hexadecimal numbers . This gave me back codes that led me straight to the problem . Friend came over a couple of weeks ago with a missing cylinder and it hit it right on . Yeah that 's what it 's supposed to do , but when you have a bad experience with others it 's rewarding to find something that works right and enables you to save $ 100s over what a dealer or repair shop would charge .
 This is a specific item requested by my son for his 50th birthday . It was opened and used right away and it solved two warning light problems on his car . It is a handy , small easy to use gadget ... worth the price !
 the actron scanner works better than newer products . its a must have for the do it yourselfer or anyone else who wants to know why the checkengine light turns on or if the car will pass the smog test before you pay to take it .
 After 3 errors codes in three months on 3 vehicles and about $ 120 dollars this things is easy to use and tells just what you need . Hardest thing was finding the mating connector . Should pay it self off in no time .
 A very good investment considering that I discovered that the price automotive shops charge to use their computers is exactly what I paid to buy this item .
 I just ordered this item from Amazon to be used on my 1995 Dodge Neon ... However , I have been searching in Product Description What 's in the Box , and have noted that the Actron CP9135 comes with a CD Software ... But theCP9135 Do not have any visible PC -LRB- Serial RS232 -RRB- conector ... It is true that this Actron CP9135 is Firmware Upgradeable - Anyone knows how to connect and perform this upgrade?Thanks in advance !
 Works great . Straight forward operation . Just plug-in and read the screen .
 A great dignostic tool with features of those selling for twice as much . Very user friendly
 The inline six cylinder engine in my 2002 GMC Envoy with 80,000 miles suddenly began to run rough and the check engine light came on . I thought it might be a bad tank of fuel or a loose fuel cap . The light would remain lit at slow speeds , and at highway speeds it would flash . The problem persisted after a tank of highest quality fuel was consumed with a tight fuel cap . I purchased an Actron AutoScanner from Amazon.com . The scanner informed me that cylinder one was misfiring . I knew the original spark plugs should be replaced . Each cylinder has its own ignition coil . The ignition coils need to be removed to install the plugs below . Each coil is attached by only one bolt . While removing all of the coils I marked the cylinder one coil . I replaced all of the ordinary worn plugs with premium Bosch Platinum + 4 plugs . I installed the coil from cylinder one on cylinder two and the other coils I installed randomly on the other five cylinders . I started the engine and it did run better due to the new plugs . The engine still ran rough however and the check engine light did remain lit . The Actron AutoScanner then informed me that cylinder two was now misfiring . Bingo ! I purchased a new ignition coil from Federated/Ficher Auto Parts for $ 60 . The GM dealer price fore the same part was $ 130 . I bolted on the new coil and my troubles were over . The Actron AutoScanner performed excellently . The scanner protected my small bank account from the dealership service department . The scanner minimized the time I spent diagnosing the issue . I stored it carefully away for the next time .
 Product works as advertised . Very satisfactory , if all you want is to see what the `` Check Engine '' code is and clear it .
 Arrived as expected -- used it on two vehicles told me what I needed to know -- used google to see other reactions to codes I had gotten -- gave me a start point to repair
 I purchased the OBD2 code reader to help diagnose the check engine light that appeared on my 1997 Toyota 4Runner . The reader was extremely easy to use -LRB- just plug the connector into the vehicles diagnostic port -RRB- and not only gives you a code but the problem -LRB- in my case a misfire on cylinder # 4 -RRB- , so I can isolate what repairs need to be done . I am very pleased with the performance and the price I paid at Amazon . I recommend this tool to any home garage mechanic wanting to do their own diagnostics on any vehicle 1996 and newer .
 I bought this scanner because my nissan 's check engine light went off and on over and over again . I went to an auto store to have them read codes . They read the codes for free , however would NOT reset the light for me . I can now reset my light and also check to see if it is in what is called the `` ready '' mode for me to get it inspected . Turned off light , got it inspected , and I am good for one more year ! I have also reset about 5 of my friend 's vehicles for them . Great product and great price !
 This is a perfect scanner for those like me who are n't car fanatics but would like to take a more active role in understanding their car . This unit displays code descriptions along with the codes themselves , eliminating the need for a manual and making this a self-contained unit . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 This scanner paid for itself the first time I used it . Protect yourself from auto garage ripoffs ! I have even helped friends and frankly everyone who needed it to get back at all the auto garages which have ripped me off over the years ! It 's great to know how your car is doing without paying someone else $ 80 to do it . Just plug it in and it is very easy to understand and use . Do n't bother with the included software .
 Even though this is a discontinued item , it still has all the needed features at an extremely affordable price . Easy to read LCD and setup instructions . I tried it on a 1998 Audi , a 2000 Ford Ranger , and 2002 Honda Accord and it functioned flawlessly on all 3 auto 's .
 I bought theActron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner with On Screen Definitions for OBDII -LRB- Post-1996 -RRB- Vehiclesbecause the cost of paying a mechanic to use his scanner to identify a simple problem and then paying full price for parts and labor got to be pretty annoying . Shortly after the AutoScanner arrived the Check Engine light in my 2003 VW Jetta TDI came on and I sprang into action . Operation of the device turned out to be pretty intuitive and in short order I knew that one of my glow plugs had stopped working . I ordered the parts online and in a few days I had replaced all four , operating on the premise that when one was gone the rest could n't be far behind . Bottom line
 I purchased this scanner when , within a week three of the cars in our family had the Check Engine light illuminate . Since the light was intermittent in all three cars I wanted to find out what the problem was -LRB- or at least narrow it down -RRB- before taking them into the dealers . Intermittent problems are a nightmare for repair techs since they ca n't always duplicate the problem.The scanner does exactly what it says it will do . I 've now used it on a Subaru , a Volkswagen and a Miata and it worked fine on all of them . It gives the trouble code reported by the computer which turns on the MIL . It also gives a text explanation of the code and if the code is manufacturer specific it tells you that as well.I 'd recommend this scanner to anyone interested in discovering the reason their check engine light comes on .
 If you 're like me , you hate paying 70 bucks just for your mechanic to run a diagnostic on your vehicle . I say that you 're better off using your money and picking up one of these things . Sure , you 'll probably still have to take your vehicle to the mechanic after you find out what 's wrong when you use this unit , but at least you 'll know what 's wrong . Heck , what if it 's something that you can fix yourself ? Either way , this unit is great . Buy one .
 Item was received in short time . It worked as advertised . Fixed my truck and I 'm very happy .
 I was having constant problems with my service engine light coming on in my 2000 Saturn . Took it to 3 different service garages -LRB- including Saturn -RRB- over a period of 3 months and they all managed to find something wrong , and charged me for it , but eventually it came back on in all cases . Purchased this scanner from Amazon for only $ 72 including shipping and immediately put it to work . It pointed me to look for a shorted wire somewhere in the circuits for 3 different emissions systems and sure enough that 's what I found . Fixed the problem for less than $ 1 with a little electrical tape and some flexible plastic conduit to protect it . No service engine light since . My guess is the problem I found was what caused the light to come on in the first place . But the pros could not figure it out .
 THE SCANNER HAS JUST ARRIVED IN EXCELLENT CONDITIONS . I AM GOING TO CHECK MY CAR AND I WILL SEND YOU A FEEDBACK TO SEE HOW IT WORKS.I HAVE ALREADY CHECKED MY CAR WITH THE SCANNER . IT WORKED VERY WELL . I AM VERY SATISFIED BECAUSE I THINK I MADE AN EXCELLENT SHOPPING ABOUT THIS ARTICLE.Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner with On Screen Definitions for OBDII -LRB- Post-1996 -RRB- VehiclesBEST REGARDS , LILIAM
 Folks this was such an excellent purchase . The cost of the purchase was list then wht the dealer was charging to check the problem . Solution $ 3.00 worth of new holes . Also , I have the tool . Now when I go to the dealer for a problem that I can not fix , I know they can not hit me with the smoking mirrors . The product was delivered timely and in mint condition .
 The actron cp9135 auto scanner diagnostic code scanner with on screen definitions for obdII vehicles was just as I had hoped it would be . Perfect in every aspect and easy to use . thanks
 I have been using the $ 40 OBDII tester from Harbor Freight and Tool for the last 8 years . It was time for an up grade and something easier to use . The Actron CP135 is being discontinued by Actron ... but like many products you get a good price when that happens ... If you know how an engine works and its perphirals ... MAP sensor MASS air flow sensor ... EGR sensor etc. then his tester is invaluable and it works very nicely ... you can even reset the the check engine light -LRB- sometimes referred to as the MIL indicator ... from government termonolgy -RRB- ... if you need help give me a shot...dlepsch@embarqmail.com $ 1.00 per question -RRB- the beauty of this tester is it has all the codes stored in ROM -LRB- except for the manufactors proprietary codes ... all manufactures have them -RRB-
 I am happy with this product , it does what is is advertised . I recommend it .
 i was very pleased with the product and service will use this service again
 Do n't pay 30 to 100 dollars to have your check engine light diagnosed . This does everything as advertised .
 I went into the local Auto Zone and saw this exact tool for 149.00 dollars . I got this one shipped next day for 115.00 ! It worked as advertised and I sent out email to all my friends telling then to contact me if their engine light comes on !
 I use my 98 Honda accord very lightly to drive to the train station five days a week . Two years before I spent $ 1200 to take care of check engine light problem and passed the inspection only to get the check engine light back in few days . For this year inspection the repair shop adviced to spend another $ 1000 to take care of the problem . With this product I reset all the codes , confirmed the light is coming back after about 25 miles of drive by testing twice . So I reset the codes , drive to the inspection station which is about 10 miles and passed the inspection . My repair shop told me the ODB systems were not matured till 2000 and the cars from 96 - 99 probably have lot of false alarms . In my case the car is old and have 150000 miles it has a blue book value of $ 3500 . I dont want to spend thousands of dollars every two years on a car that dont have that much value . The car is running fine , I will not spend money on repair till I have problem driving it . I 'm going to use it with normal maintenance untill it lasts . This product saved me $ 1000 now - which is exactly why I bought this for .
 Well made ; reads , then displays both number code and translation ; erases service engine light ; valuable for removing minor sensor defect triggers that could prevent annual state car inspections without significant expense by vehicle owners .
 I am completely satisified with my purchase of the CP9135 OBD scanner.It seems to be exactly as advertized .
 Indicated there was a problem in the emissions system . I added some fuel injector cleaner and 2 days later , the light was out .
 I have been a service advisor for 3 decades and this is the most simple and easy to use scanner i have ever used !!! fantastic product and great software for dtc 's to load on my desk top
 I bought the tool to see why my light came on and to reset it to get an inspection sticker . I looked up on several web sites to see what tool was recommended . This one was noted in consumer reports as a best buy at double the price ! It by no means has all the bells and whistles and there are models with many more readouts however this one can give you the code number then explains it in english right down to what cyl . might be missfiring or where an injector my be messed up.It then can reset the codes with one push of the reset button.Great tool great price and Amazon had it to my house overnight ! Ordered it at 2PM and it was at my house by noon the next day .
 Read out my OBDII error code with a one-line description and allowed me to reset it . No problem !
 I wish I bought this thing sooner . It would have saved me from being ripped off by these `` mechanics '' . The check engine light came lit up on my wife 's 1998 CRV . I used the scanner to check the code , which came back as P1456 . Initial investigation of the code stated an EVAP leak or leak in the gas tank . Upon further investigation , this code can be caused by a loose gas cap . The gas cap was old and stopped making the clicking sound when you close it . I replaced the gas cap for $ 7.89 and erased the code . It has not come back since . I know I would have been charged alot more if I took it to one of those `` mechanics '' .
 Just buy it ! You ca n't go wrong with this . It will save you time AND money . My `` service engine '' light came on yesterday and I plugged this little baby in and it told me right away I needed to add coolant . In goes the coolant ... done . WORTH EVERY PENNY ! Ladies ... easy easy easy !
 A great deal.At this price if you use it once to reset your alert/alarm , it has paid for itself . I have a new diesel truck and I get those nuisance lights which drive you crazy because you have no idea whether they are real or not . So far I have used this thing three times to perform resets of misleading sensors.I did have to send back the first one they sent me because the characters were chinese . But they shipped me the new one first and a box to ship the old one back . They were also very quick to ship .
 Recently my check engine light came on in my 2002 Toyota Highlander . This has been the third or fourth occurance since purchasing the vehicle as new . The Auto Scanner accurately diagnosed the code and saved me $ 89.95 in diagnostic fees at the dealership . The service writer still tried to pressure me into having the diagnostics run , but I stood firm and refused the service . Having the scanner is a real confidence booster when taking your vehicle in for service .
 This product does exactly what it says it will do , and at the right price
 Easy quick . Hardly a need for the book or the software . When you look up the code/description on the PC , it gives you the same info/no more no less .
 Product is great ! I have to travel a good distance to go to a GMC dealerfor the warranty on my Hummer . With this I can determine if it 's really necessary to travel 11/2 hours to go to the dealer . Easy to use , read and understand .
 I had the Check Engine light come on in my 1997 Honda . I bought this to see why . The O2 sensor reported bad . But I reset the MIL light and it has not come on since . If I took it to a shop , they would have sold me a new O2 sensor and labor $ 200,00 or so . I 'm ahead $ 150 .
 Bought this AutoScanner to use on our daughter 's Kia . Check engine light kept coming on and it would cost us $ 40 plus everytime at the mechanic 's . Does a great job and is easy to use .
 This scanner has already paid for itself 5 times over . My BMW loves to display the Check Engine Light for small faults in sensors and a typical trip to the dealer just to check the codes costs over 50 bucks . With this tool and Google , I read my codes , determined it was an emissions problem -LRB- faulty vacuum hose -RRB- , and reset the light . The process is quick , it works just as advertised , and it is a must for any weekend mechanic looking to save some cash at the dealer with code reading . The OBDII port plug is easy to use and foolproof . I have n't even needed the accompanied CD software , as the internet has had all of the answers I 've needed so far .
 I constantly had a chack engine light on my 2003 Dodge Ram and could n't figure out what was wrong as the truck ran great . I plugged in the auto scanner and had 2 codes that helped me fix the problem myself without going to the dealer . It helped that I am a mechanic and know my way around cars fairly well . This unit will NOT fix your car for you . What it will do is send you in the right direction to correct the problem yourself . Goodluck , and watch out for dealerships who will go out of their way to sell you expensive services you do n't need ! Always get second opinions before spending alot of money !
 The Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner worked great without much effort . I did n't even need to look up the codes since it gives the description of the codes on the screen . I highly recommend this if you want to know the reason why your check engine light is coming on . It can also save you from a mechanic telling you that you have a major problem which may just be a result of a bad sensor .
 I saw this deal last week but hesitated because the new car we got has the CAN communications network . It is still OBD II , but talks to the scan code reader with a different protocol from older cars . Do n't make me explain it ; CAN stands for Controller Area Network . I called Actron before purchase and the CSR told me most CP9135 's were CAN-compliant -- they had that firmware and hardwre change -- but there was no way of knowing before purchase . Again , he said most would work on CAN-type vehicles.I pulled the trigger last week and received the code reader this morning . It works on both our 2002 Ranger and 2006 Mazda6 . The Mazda6 is the CAN vehicle.Neither vehicle is throwing a code right now , but I have played with the modes and the device seems to be operating properly . I 've wanted one of these for a long time but only just now decided to get it.It 's funny that Actron makes no mention of the CAN capability with this unit . The manual and box are silent on this feature . They do sell more expensive units where they tout the CAN-compliant status , but not on this one . For $ 65 , this seems like a great deal.No guarantees , but I think someone wanting a code reader that is CAN-compliant would be safe in buying one from Amazon as long as they are in stock . I suppose the worst that would happen would be the hassle and cost of sending it back if it happened to be one of the few early ones.I am happy with mine .
 Actron seems to be a company that makeshigh quality diagnostic equipment . This autoscannertool is very affordable and excellent value formoney . Works very well and is pretty ruggedas I had hoped . The only problem is that fixingthe vehicle based on the diagnosed code isNOT always helpful , sorry . Repairing your car based on thesecodes requires a good understanding of auto repair.For example
 I used to take my car to the mechanics and they would hook it up to their diagnostic machine . If they diagnosed my car and I did n't use their services , the fee was $ 50 . Otherwise , if I used their services it was a free diagnostic but I had to pay for the repair . Now I can self-diagnose my car and instantly know what is wrong with it before shopping around for the repair . I used the Actron CP9135 today when my air conditioner was not blowing at all . I had forgotten that I purchased this a month ago and I called my husband to ask him if I should take the car to our mechanic . He told me to go home and hook this up and see if it can tell me what is wrong with the air . After a dozen or so tries to get the air on , I went inside and got the Actron CP9135 and hooked it up . I then turned the car on and the air worked fine and no error codes were reported . I am not sure if this is true , but my husband said maybe it reset the cars computer ? Who knows , but it did save me a trip to the mechanic and it gives me peace of mind to know what is going on with the car . I am going to keep it in the glove compartment for future problems.Update Dec 20 , 2007
 This tool is one of the best I have seen and used . It is so user friendly and even tells you righ in the scanner what the code number is and what the code means . This item is priceless ! If you own a car you need to own one of these . I have an Audi TT , which made me skeptical that this tool would do an accurate job of reading the diagnostic codes . The other reviews I read were all about domestic made vehicles . But ; no problems whatsoever ! it read the codes and erased them easily . You can also check different sensors throughout the engine to make sure they are working properly . This tool diagnosed my faulty air mass meter with a P0172 code = System to rich.I can not speak highly enough about this code reader !
 I have researched quite a few Scanners of differing brands and models . I purchased this one because of a good price and good feedback . It is more then I expected !! It does nearly everything that the outrageously expensive ones do . Operation is very straight forward with all controls positioned properly . `` I LIKE THIS SCANNER !! ''
 I just got the scanner today in much faster time than I expected . I have a 1996 Geo that has the check engine light on . I plugged in the scanner and it found two codes . It was able to erase one but the other one wo n't go away , so that part needs to be replaced or fixed -LRB- P0758 Shift Solenoid B Circuit Electrical -RRB- . This scanner saved me time , money and trouble . I just assumed it was an O2 sensor since it was never replaced and the car has 125K miles on it , and I was going to buy one and put it in . Glad I did n't . I highly recommend this scanner for everyone . Just plug it in and it does the rest . Very user friendly !
 For less than $ 100 shipped , this saved me what would likely have been a $ 250 trip to the Rover Dealership . If you are the least bit tech savvy it is easy to take the code the scanner gives and search for it on the web for your car and find likely faults and remedies . Even if you do end up needing to take your car in , at least you know what you are dealing with and if the mechanic is being straight with you .
 I was to say the least a bit leery about their claims . It proved to be a great purchase . All my friends want me to check the codes for their check engine light .
 Reads the code -LRB- s -RRB- , defines the problem -LRB- s -RRB- and turns off the light.IT WILL pay for itself the first time you use it.Seems to be well-built with quality components . It does n't need to be any fancier than this . It does the job it 's supposed to do , quickly and easily . If you can navigate to this web page then you can use this doohicky.It will PAY FOR ITSELF the first time you use it.If you live in California this is a MUST HAVE !! I can not emphasize that enough -LRB- literally , it wo n't let me underline it -RRB- . It will pay for itself THE FIRST TIME YOU USE IT.You 'll get free meals/beer from your friends and relatives when their `` check engine '' -LRB- `` service engine '' , etc. -RRB- light comes on and it 's time for their smog test.IT WILL PAY FOR ITSELF THE FIRST TIME YOU USE IT.Even in states like Oklahoma that do n't require a smog test and the auto parts stores `` loan '' them out -LRB- for a hefty deposit -RRB- , it 's still worth it to have your own.Did I mention it 'll pay for itself the first time you use it ?
 I love this product and it has come in very handy . I am more likely to fix the car myself with the information this scanner gives . I received it faster then expected too . thank you
 I feel much better and safer driving my eight year old high mileage car now that I have this thing in my trunk . Now when my check engine light goes on , I can see what 's wrong and report it to my mechanic , who can tell me whether I can drive it home or if I have to have it towed .
 My 02 Intrepid threw a code which lit the `` Check Engine '' light -LRB- actually a little yellow engine -RRB- . Again.For less than what it costs to have a Dodge dealer read the code , this did the trick.I erased the code and all is well .
 CP9135 Works as advertised . Entry level `` home mechanic '' scanner with useful features . After I purchased 9135 that I discovered it was a discontinued model . I should have opted for CP9180 which have additional features including `` live data '' playback option . I still have Actron timing-gun and multi-meter -LSB- huge -RSB- from the 80 's and their products have never let me down . Good solid product with reliability to boot . Hope this Chinese made product is as good as the others I have purchased in the past 20 years .
 Two of my vehicles were throwing codes . Local retailer would pull the codes for free if I got an oil change , but never needed one when I was there . Purchased the unit online and within a few minutes of opening the box , had the codes and two days later had purchased the parts and fixed it myself . Overall probably saved myself a couple hundred dollars . Since then I 've pulled codes for some coworkers who were so appreciative they paid me $ 10 . With the money I saved originally , this seems to be putting money back in my pocket . I highly recommend this product . I only wish the packaging would have included a storage case , but I 've since purchased a small plastic case at Harbor Freight to keep it in .
 this scanner works just great to view your car every once in awhile , and my friends also , i 'm glad i have it , so if i have problems i 'll know the right info on fixing the problem , or having it fixed instead of finding out from a shop that i have a high cost problem and taking theirword on it , now i have proof !
 This autoscanner has already paid for itself twice over.Your garage will charge you 120.00 for a diagnostic test.This test takes less then 1 minute to do.With the autoscanner not only can you do it yourself . . but it automatically explains what the code is . . and if its something that really doesnt matter you can clear the error code ... Great product !!! buy this . . it will save you a bundle in diagnostic charges . .
 It 's simple to use , and since I have n't had/found any code problems with the cars I 've tried it on ; I can only say it has worked `` perfectly '' .
 Does what it is supposed to . What more could I ask for . Fast delivery to me and at a competetive price .
 Using the scanner and the computer CD I am able to have peace of mind that nothing serious is going on with my car or truck . Some codes can be a cause of concern while others can be ignored . With the scanner tool I now can tell which is the ones to worry about and have peace of mind . Saves me money by not having the vehicle checked by the service department and charged more than the scanner cost . Only takes about 10 seconds to run the scan and shows instantly what the code means . Great tool for the mechanic to have in his toolbox .
 I had thought about buying the least expensive OBD II on Amazon . I bought it for my daughter 's 1995 Volvo 850 GLT . It has an onboard computer system that will show you the codes . It is very difficult to turn the Check Engine Light off . I replaced the heated O2 sensor and just wanted to turn the Check Engine Light off . A reviewer had said how easy this model was to use and read . I am glad I sent the extra money . It was `` easy '' to read and to use . Thanks for putting those reviews on Amazon.Yours truly , A Happy Customer
 I have two cars and between the two of them I will have at least one check engine light yearly . The codes were simple to read and understand , and even easier to clear the codes . Being a novice mechanic , the diagnostic codes in this device will serve me well . What it does n't have will probably mean I should take it to the mechanic anyway.It 's a good tool to have in a tool kit , plus is relatively inexpensive.I could not get the CD to work however . But it appears to be not completely necessary .
 I purchased this to use in attempting to diagnose check engine light problems I have and it did well as a code reader and eraser however if true diagnostics are needed and live information I recommend upgrading to the one that has all of that available.I will be upgrading soon , however no regrets with this one , it did all I needed , gave the code and general cause . erases codes easy too which in some cases might solve the problem or at least allow you to rescan it immediately after the first time the light comes on again so you can home in on the original cause of the problem at hand as other codes will set behind it after a short time , a sort of chain reaction of the first and its affect on the engine fuel and ignitions system .
 I purchased this Acton scanner 2 years ago when our older vehicle was repeatedly showing its MIL -LRB- Malfunction Indicator Lamp -RRB- . I was able to clear the code immediately . When the MIL illuminated again later , I was able to track down the problem -LRB- O2 sensor heater trouble -RRB- and correct it by reseating the connector . Later , I used the scanner to diagnose which cylinder was misfiring . By tapping on that cylinder 's fuel injector , I was able to correct the misfiring . Again , the Acton cleared the MIL display.My mechanic uses a more sophisticated -LRB- and much more expensive -RRB- OBD scanner in his day to day work , but for someone who does occasional maintenance on his own car , this tool is worth the $ 89 investment . If you paid more , you paid too much .
 Seems to be everything they said it would be . Works fine and I am happy with the performance .
 I have used the scanner since I received it and I am very pleased with it.I live on the Big Island of Hawaii and it is reassuring to knew what has turned on my check engine light without paying a big bill to have it read . I find many things that turn on the light are not immediate action required items
 This scanner is well made and exceptionally easy to use . The display is large and easy to read . The scanner comes with a long cord that connects to the computer for ease of use in tight spaces . There are no batteries so it is always ready to go and you do n't have to worry about damage from corroded batteries .
 Easy to set up and use . Instructions are straight forward and device works well in determining why the Chcek Engine light is on . No problem with clearing the codes to turn off the light . Just make sure the car key is in the on position , but the engine is not running . I recommend this product .
 My check engine light was on when I went the first time for my emissions test . I did n't realize that I automatically failed . The code showed some sort of leakage . After researching the code online , I refilled my car with gas . Cleaned my gas cap thoroughly . Made sure the cap was nice and snug . And then used the AutoScanner to clear the code . I drove about 20 miles and back to the emissions center , and passed . No dealers involved . w00t . Two thumbs up .
 This is an easy to use inexpesive product , especially when you couple it to getting the Amazon credit card . Instead of shelling out over $ 100 for my mechanic to tell me the check engine lite was a nusance lite , I can check the status and clear the lite myself and keep up with any problems that may be lurking . Best thing I 've bought for my Jag in a long time .
 This item does exactly what I was looking for . I wanted to be able to read the trouble code that showed and be able to erase it so I could either fix the problem myself or see if the situation would duplicate itself and was just not a one time glitch . I do not like being at the mercy or repair shops or even going to a place like AutoZone who will read the code for you but not erase it unless you purchase repair items from their store -LRB- which is only fair -RRB- . I am very satisfied with this purchase and find it hard to believe that others would not be as well . Plus , it is about $ 50 cheaper here on Amazon than at AutoZone or Advanced Auto Parts . Ca n't beat that !
 This is a great product , it does exactly what it 's supposed to do , at a reasonable price , with an easy interface . But I think people need to understand that this is n't a box of answers . It 's a diagnostic tool . I was a professional automotive technician , I grew up working on cars , and I received a formal education in automotive technologies . The OBDII system is pretty complex , and can point you in the wrong direction . This is in no way the end-all be-all car diagnostic machine , but it 's pretty dang useful to have in the tool box . For the price I paid I got exactly what I was looking for .
 This tool is a must have , that is if you dont want to get taken to the cleaners by your auto repair facility , be it the local garage or worse yet , the dealership ! Knowing whats wrong before you leave your car with the mechanic will not only alleviate fear of the unknown but also show you how honest your mechanic is . He does ` nt know that you already know what the problem is ! His diagnosis should be at the very least related to or exactly what the scanner is telling you . Iv ' e read the average cost of a scan when you bring your car in is around sixty dollars , so it will pay for itself in less than three uses ! Very easy to use , I would give it 5 stars but I cant use it on my 89 chevy van . Can only be used on vehicles 1995 and up that are OBD2 compliant .
 I bought this because my car failed Mass state inspection due to emmisions sensors being `` not ready '' . My car was garaged for the winter and the battery drained . This reset the emmisions sensors and the OBDII test returned `` not ready '' . Instead of just driving the car and hoping the sensors were reset by the next time I brougt it in for inspection , I decided to get this code reader to check them first . I found they were n't being set , and ended up having to take my car to the dealer for a software update first -LRB- recall -RRB- . Once the recall was done , I used the code reader to check when the sensors were reset . After a few days they were all reading ready , and I brought it back for the final inspection . Since then I have used it several times to read codes for coworkers that had their check engine light on . I would highly recommend it . I do agree with another reviewer that the software that came with it to look up the diagnostic codes was not much help . The reader itself had the same information displayed under the code .
 Easy to use . My car frequently has the CEL for engine misfires . I took it to the dealer and they said as long as it 's running OK , do n't worry about it . Now when it happens , I can clear the light myself , for free !
 I would have given this five stars , but mine was dead on arrival -LRB- DOA -RRB- . Operating these devices is very simple . You just plug it into the OBDII receptacle under your dash and it should instantly display the opening menu . Mine did not , so rather than return it , I removed the four assembly screws and opened it up . I was looking for a cold solder or disconnected wire . What I found was that the processor chip was simply not seated in its socket . I gently pressed it in and closed the case . Problem solved.This unit is a good value overall . Of all the code readers to choose from , this one has the ideal features for a home user and it is hard to beat for around $ 65 . Do n't let the fact that mine was DOA deter you . These things are very simple devices , and an unseated component is one of the more common causes for this sort of out-of-the-box failure for any electronic device . I would not have made it part of this review , but for the hope that it might save someone else the hassle associated with returning items through Amazon .
 There 's nothing worse than having that `` Service Engine Soon '' or `` Check Engine '' light come on . This scanner can give you some idea of what is going on under your car 's hood . Easy to attach connector and simple navigation screens . Too bad it ca n't tell you how much the repairs will cost you !
 I purchased this for my husband 's birthday . He was delighted with it and it helped him diagnose the problem with my son 's car .
 Item was delivered in timely manor with no problems and item was in good working order .
 After researching testers on consumer reports to find one that had the most bang for the buck . They suggested this model because it had been discontinued . It was a great price considering if you go to WalMart or even Autozone they have cheap testers but without any significant features like erasing error codes . Amazon had lightning fast shipment even though I shipped it ground , I received it in one day . I guess that is due to the fact I live in houston and it shipped from dallas.Opened the box plugged it in to my 2000 explorer got the reading wrote it down then erased the error code . My check engine light then went off . Now I have all my friends asking to use it.Thanks Amazon great experience .
 It does what I need it to do . Great little tool . There are more sophisticated tools , that do more specific diagnostic jobs , but they are much much more money and one could not justify it unless you were a professional garage.I highly recommend this unit for the weekend mechanic .
 Within a week of getting the code scanner , I threw a CEL . It turned out to be nothing . It would have cost me $ 65 to have the dealer tell me that . Do you think I 'm a happy customer ? Yes .
 I have a VW Passat , this scanner is very easy to use and accurate . Gives the same information I got from a auto repair service . They charge so I almost saved the cost of this the first time I used it .
 You could pop into Auto Zone every time an error code comes on . . or use your Actron OBDII scanner to quickly diagnosis what could have been an expensive problem choice at the parts store . It is a mobile mechanic in a box . In today 's electronic car repair it is an essential .
 This code scanner is very easy to use . The instructions were short , to the point and got me up and running in 10 minutes .
 The scanner worked fine , although it reads out a generic code . When I went to Actron 's website and signed up for `` lookups '' which go into more detail , I found what I was looking for . It was very detailed and helpful . However , subsequent attempts to enter the `` lookups '' at Actron 's website proved frustrating , after I had paid for them .
 If you are a tinkerer or a professional mechanic this tool is a must have for owners of 96 or newer vehicles . Youre blind without this information and can only guess at what is going on with your car . I keep it in the trunk of my car so when ever the check engine light comes I know instantly what the problem is . - tast
 If you have a car that throws consistent `` Check Engine Light -LRB- CEL -RRB- '' warnings or a car that has an intermittent CEL , you will want to have one of these on hand . Also , car dealers are not the most trustworthy so if you take your car to the dealership for repairs , you will want to have some idea of what is going on before you talk to them as 9 of 10 will lead you astray without pause or guilt . Also , the dealer will be charging you up to 2 hours labor just for hooking up a similar piece of equipment to your car to see what the computer tells them , then they stack on another price to check it out manually.Lately , I have found that having this equipment along with my car 's repair manual has saved me over 2k because I can now diagnose my own problems -LRB- to a certain point of course -RRB- and find my own method of repairs whether it 's self-repair or other businesses outside the dealer.Purchasing this item will help you immeasurably and you wont regret it . Just keep it in the trunk and you 'll be prepared for whatever diagnostic you need to do .
 With 4 cars in the family , this code reader is the perfect tool for the job . Easy to use , just plug it in and it reads the code , tells you what it means , and gives you the option of deleting the code . The biggest problem you will have is finding out where in your car the plug is .
 I ordered my ACTRON T9135 and it arrived promptly like most things from Amazon . I did a little research and this model is now discontinued , hence I think the substantial discount on the price . Nonetheless , my vehicle is an older truck -LRB- 1999 Lincoln Navigator 4x4 -RRB- and I did not think it would be an issue with having a discontinued model and I was right.I received my scanner and quickly hooked it up to my truck 's computer -LRB- service engine soon light was on -RRB- and I was able to read 4 error codes . I was experiencing a very rough idle and I hesitated taking it to the dealer or Midas -LRB- more expensive than the dealer -RRB- where they wanted $ 100 bucks to pull the codes and turn light off , crazy stuff I though and I hate having the `` ripped off '' feeling.I do n't consider myself a mechanic , but rather a very occasional Saturday mechanic , but I like to some tinkering with stuff , so I was not too afraid to try and troubleshoot this one on my own -LRB- I always learn something when I take this approach -RRB- . I must say that having the code and a brief description of the error was a great little feature to have built right in to the unit . Other scanners do n't have the built in description of the error code , but rather a website you can reference the code . That 's is fine , but there is something to be said for instant knowledge , right there and then on the scanner 's screen.I took the codes back to my laptop and did a little more research using the forums that come up when you Google around . Two codes indicated I had two malfunctioning oxygen sensors and given that my truck as almost 140K miles , it seemed logical . I went to my local auto parts store and got a couple of downstream O2 sensors , btw I later found them to be about 20 % cheaper on amazon.com , but while the problem got better when I replaced them , I still has a rough idle . The other two codes made reference to a `` lean mixture '' condition and after doing more Google searches I found that I probably had a vacuum leak or a dirty MAF . I turned out to be a broken vacuum hose that runs from the PVC valve to the top of the engine . I replaced the hose and the car runs like new ! I erase the codes again and I have not sent the service engine soon light come on yet.Keep in mind that the scanner will likely not give you the fix , but rather in most cases point you in the right direction , you will have to research a little to resolve the issue . Nonetheless , I could not have solved the problem without it . Spend the money and get the tool , you will feel empowered and not so helpless when you see the service engine soon light . The scanner 's screen display menus will help you along , they are very helpful and you will likely not need to even read the manual . It 's very intuitive and no batteries required , it will get its power from the cord once you hook it up to the car 's computer.Good luck.LegFlexSeattle , WA
 I purchased this just to figure out codes set by my wife 's Buick . When it snows , it has a habit of setting a code for the traction system , even though no trouble is ever found . After a few trips to the dealership , I decided this would quickly pay for itself ... it did!If you need just a basic scanner , this is it . I think the only difference to the next model up , is the next model is battery powered to keep the code onscreen when it is unplugged from the OBD connector . To save the extra money , I can easily write down the code -LRB- s -RRB- , if needed , on a piece of paper -LRB- grin -RRB- .
 I bought this one because of my car 's engine light was on . I had a professional scaned the code and received an ambiguous malfunction message . He said it would take certain amout of time to check every sensor related to the system that message was pointing to . It would be fairly expensive . I decided to purchase this product to see if I can narrow down to certain sensors to reduce the repair cost . This one does the same job that professional OBD does with the same message . But I got the three error codes this time . I searched the internet and found out the answer . It was just a loose pipe which triggered the sensor . I believe I have saved hundreds of dollars . The software came with the machine was totally useless . Do n't even bother to install it . All you need is the internet access and the error code if the message is not clear enough to you . I am very happy with this wonderful tool .
 The tool is easy to use and takes up little space in the tool box . This tool could have saved me hundreds of dollars in repair bills over the past year if I 'd had it . On one `` repair '' alone I spent over $ 400 for unnecessary repairs . All that was needed was for the trouble code to be deleted and all was well . I had a transient MIL code that required no service . However , auto shops do n't make much money on deleting codes so they had to change parts unnecessarily.In another case I paid a dealer nearly $ 100 to check a MIL code that turned out to be nothing more than a faulty gas tank cap . It will be a great money saver on future MIL codes .
 Bought the reader a month ago , use it regularly as I 'm still fighting trouble codes on my 2000 VWThe code descriptions are very basic , you could easily find them -LRB- descriptions -RRB- online or at an Autozone , so now I think it would have been a good idea to buy the smaller , pocketable model , with the very basic features , thus saving $ 30 and storage space in your car.As of the reader itself - it works perfectly , menus are intuitive and convenient . . the only reason I 'm giving 4 stars - my personal doubts if extra functionality worths extra $ 30 and a bigger size .
 I am not a professional mechanic but have found this tool very easy to use and understand.More importantly though , this thing has already saved me several hundred dollars in repairs and diagnostics costs . My 2000 Infiniti I30 has had an intermittent miss for several years and I was n't prepared to replace all of the ignition coils at $ 70 per coil . The Autoscanner gave me a code for the # 6 cylinder misfiring so all I had to do was replace one coil . Car runs like a champ.You will easily recoup the cost of the Autoscanner in one use .
 Owned this `` scanner '' for many years now , works great to reset or read codes , with definitions , fast . No it does not have the diagnostic capabilities of professional scanners like the classic Snap-On MT2500 or the Modis , but it 's also a fraction of the price , plus it 's faster and easier to use . I reach for this working on all OBD2 cars before I break out the old Snap-On `` Brick '' . Other reviewers keep mentioning that it wo n't tell you EXACTLY what the cause of the problem is , and truth be told it will NOT install replacement parts , or even change your oil for you - it 's a code reader , not a magic device . It 's a tool that will help you in your diagnostic process . If you 're an idiot that just changes parts when the little screen says so , this will not transform you into a brilliant technician .
 simple instructions to use , good features , easy on screen menus ... looks good
 Received scanner today and all looks and works as advertised . Not advertised is that once you open the package and start playing with this thing , you will see a small sticker on the cord letting you know that you are now being exposed to lead ! How much more would it cost to make a thing without lead in it ? I , for one would pay a little more to not be living with heavy metal contamination ...
 The only reason i gave it only 4 stars is because i 've only used it once . But it was easy to use and informed me of the error codes . Great product and cheap too.UPDATE
 this is an excellent product , quick and easy to use , a great value , i used it right out of the box the day i got it .
 If you are looking for a OBDII code scanner , this is a great buy . It does everything I expected it to do , read codes , read monitors , and resets them .
 This scanner is just what I needed . It is very easy to use for finding out why your check engine light is on and to erase it once you have your repairs completed . It is well worth the money .
 Plug it in , turn the ignition to on , and in about 10 seconds you 'll be able to see the codes.Press a couple of buttons , the check engine light goes out.Everything should work this simply . Will easily pay for itself with a couple of uses .
 This was my original review : My Actron CP9135 did not work . Tech support told me to try another car . I did . Still nothing . They told me to replace a fuse , but it still did not power up . They told me to return it . I did , along with invoice showing I was well within the one year warranty . That was three months ago . Last week I called and emailed to follow up . Still nothing . Actron got my money and the product . In some places , they call that theft.ADDED MUCH LATER : This is an amazing story
 Have you ever felt like your auto mechanic was `` Mr. Wizard '' ? All the way down to the bad attitude ? Only to find he has a doo-dad sitting somewhere out of eyesight that tells all , like a crystal ball ... Well for a reasonable price you can get your own crystal ball . It might be able to predict the future and track flying monkeys but it can tell you very quickly why the `` Check Engine '' light has come on . Big or small you know what might be waiting for you when you go see Mr. Wizard . Sometimes you might even be able to track down the problem yourself and cut the cost to fix it.I would not go to Oz without mine !
 Saved me a trip to the mechanic . I had a one time glitch from a sensor that set the check engine light . What a mechanic would have charged to reset that light is probably half , or more , of what the scanner cost . If I use it one more time , and I probably will -LRB- my truck is like middle aged -RRB- it will have payed for itself . The only negative thing I can say is that the software that came with it is pretty much useless .
 Why 5 stars?It was an obscure Temp . Sensor problem , that had already cost me $ 275.00 , -- solved by a $ 25.00 part change and the ` investment ' in my own `` Actron '' Auto Scanner . If you are a `` shade tree mechinic '' get one of these things , . If you make a living with your tools you have to get a `` Actron '' . Either way do n't hold back you 'll get your money 's worth on the first repair .
 I bought this because my wife 's car is always running its check engine light and I never know what 's wrong . Every time I brought it to her dealer it cost me as much as this tool . I wish I had this thing two years ago , I would have saved myself 200 bucks .
 I say Ha ! to the repair shop that offered me a 75.00 fee to put my brother ` s car in their machine to diagnose a check engine light . With this tool and a service manual I found a small vacuum leak that put the check engine light . A worth wild investment and easy to use . As long as there are computers in vehicles I would never be without one .
 If you have an older vehicle and you even use this once , you 've gotten your money 's worth . I have used this scanner on both of my vehicles and have saved a lot of money from not needing autoshop diagnostic testing because this unit has been quite accurate in pinpointing problems which I have repaired myself . I have had this for a few years now , so you may look for a newer model , but Actron is the way to go .
 Owning this tool prevents the engine light from coming on : - -RRB- The tool was exactly as described.It helped calm my daughter at midnight when she came in paniced about her light . The gas cap was not on tight . We all slept well : - -RRB- I used it when I purchased a used car.Otherwise , the four cars in the driveway have yet to require its use .
 I had a check engine light on . the dealer wanted 150 $ to hook up the diag . Bought this diag . Turns out all I needed was a new gas cap . It paid for itself the in about 2 mins . A must for your tool box these days .
 I bought this for a `` Service Engine Soon '' light that came back on after I went andhad some work done on a 1999 Saturn . I hooked it up and read the same codes thatwere supposed to be fixed . I used this to clear the codes and 250 miles later stillno SES light . Awesome.I hooked up to a 2000 Mustang as well . No codes present but I wanted to test and it linked up . Im sure it will come in handy on this car too.This model even tells you about the other engine sensors . The system says `` Ready `` so I should be good to go to pass emissions tests . Peace of mind there.Any codes you get , just use the internet and find your answers there . You mightnot be able to fix it but at least of an idea whats wrong . Plus , impressyour friends by checking their cars too.Ordered it late Sunday night and had it by Friday . free shipping
 I bought this to decypher the jumble of codes and to make repairs to the system before going for a smog test . In the past when the `` check engine '' light was on I had to take it to a shop and the cost was always at the maximum allowed by law , like $ 500.00 . This little tool does exactly what it is supposed to do
 This is a no frills device that does exactly what the box says . I was able to pull the code from the car , diagnose the problem -LRB- in this case , replace the thermostat -RRB- and then reset the codes . The repair cost me less than $ 20 . I am not sure how much a automotive shop would have charged but I am willing to bet I came out cheaper . And that was the first time I used the scanner .
 The scanner works great and is easy to use . Screen is readable and code results were right on the money . The user manual was easy to follow . I estimate this device has already saved me over $ 200 in auto repair labor cost .
 I kept having the same issue with my VW Jetta 1.8 T . This was nice to be able to clear codes but also to know when my emissions statusses where ready so I knew when to take it in .
 This has been great to use . It is clear and easy to read and the on screen instructions walk you through erasing codes . Great tool at a great price .
 I had never used a code scanner , though this is the way to troubleshoot a car or truck nowadays . No more seat-of-the-pants shade tree mechanic-ing with today 's cars . I had knocked a hose loose when I changed the air filter on my 2003 Toyota Highlander , and the check engine light came on . I checked what I had done , and re-connected the hose , but the light stayed on . The last time this happened , the Toyota dealer charged $ 90 to shut the light off . For only two-thirds that price I got a tool that I can use again and again and shut the light off myself . Out of the box it took only two or three minutes to read the basic instructions , plug it in , read the codes in plain English , and hit the reset button . No more Check Engine light ! Could n't be simpler . Highly recommended !
 This scanner is ideal for the weekend mechanic , and works fine with my 1996 Saturn . Without a code scanner , even if you identify and fix a problem that triggers the check-engine light , the computer will remember the problem and you wo n't pass your state emissions inspection -LRB- unless you wait a few weeks -RRB- . With this scanner , you can identify the issue , fix it , and clear the code from the computer 's memory.I almost bought the cheaper CP9125 , but found this one on Amazon for less than the local store wants for the cheaper one . I 'm glad I bought this one . The on-screen English translation of the error codes is worth the difference in price . With the cheaper tool , you have to consult a CD-ROM . Also , when you clear the error codes , the computer resets its `` ready for inspection '' status until you have driven the car for a while . This scanner will check the status and save you the trouble of going to the inspection station only to find that your car is n't ready . The CP9125 does n't check that status.If you are a hard-core mechanic and need real-time or playback engine data , go for one of the higher-end scanners , but this one is ideal for general weekend-mechanic work .
 This product works fine and has already saved me the price of the unit . Fairly good detail on the codes .
 I borrowed this exact unit from a friend and then bought my own -LRB- for much less than he paid two years ago -RRB- ... ` nuf said .
 Good easy to use OBD-II Code Reader . I bought this unit because both my cars had their Check Engine lights on . The dealers & autoshops in the area wanted $ 80 just to read the codes so this little unit paid for itself the first day I had it .
 The most stressful part of getting a check engine light is not knowing the cause of the problem . This AutoScanner addresses that quickly , easily and best of all essentially `` free '' after the first several uses . It is sad how many auto service centers charge as much as $ 50 just to diagnose ; a.k.a. scan the computer . Some part supply stores will scan for free and I applaud them . However ; it is a good feeling to be able to scan and clear your own or your neighbors vehicle at any location because of it 's portability.This model is particulary useful because it gives the text definition of the code without having to reference a table or run to the internet .
 seems to work well does give a general description of the fault , have not tried the CD yet , did give as a Christmas present to my son-in-law he ca n't wait to use it on his cars ...
 Just as advertised great price and it saves me a lot of time . I think that every garage should have one .
 Still working like a champ , even after 5 years of daily use . My father is a mechanic and uses this daily to read OBD2 codes and loves it . I know it 's not available here anymore but if you ever come across one , you will know it works well and holds up well .
 Easy to read display , nice description not just codes . the case is built very well . I do wish it came with a protective bag but will not mark it down for that .
 I have used this many times on different types of cars and it is very easy to use . It has already paid for itself many times by saving money and time .
 This product worked easy and quickly right out of the box . It saved me a lot of money when I needed to diagnose my car issues and erase error codes . Great price and product that paid for itself after its first use . I lent it to a friend who also got a lot of use out of it . Overall very handy product .
 Bought this to use on an Audi A6 . Have used it a couple times , works great . Would recommend for anyone who likes car gadgets . This beats having to go to the dealer or auto parts store to figure out why the pesky check engine light keeps coming on !
 Works well and easy to use . Comes with everything you need . A must have if you plan to do your own work on your car .
 This little gadget has helped both hubby and several of our friends un-needed trips to the dealership or a mechanic to hook up to a diagnostic machine ! Worth the money several times over !!!!
 this scanner works just like they say you have everything you need to scan your auto . WORTH EVERY PENNY !!
 A little on the small side and cuffs are tiny for a bad weather glove .
 Had a check engine code of P0420 related to the function of the catalytic converter on a 95.5 Tacoma 2.4 Ltr 2wd automatic pick up truck . Since the truck had 163,000 miles on it I decided to replace both the up stream and down stream o2 sensors with Denso OEM type sensors to see if that was the problem . After soaking the extremely rusty nuts in solvent , I used an easy out to remove what was left of the nuts . Surprisingly , the mounting studs were still in good condition . I bought some new metric SS nuts from the local hardware store and replaced both sensors . It 's been 2 weeks now since clearing the CEL and the code has not returned . Both sensors were perfect fits , came with gaskets , and plugged right into the connectors with no problem . The sensor -LRB- 234-4153 -RRB- referenced in this review is the down stream one . The up stream sensor is a 234-4162 . I would recommend this product to a friend and it was the best price I could find anywhere.JW
 Purchased this product and it was delivered quickly and is exactly as advertised and just what I needed . My CEL has stayed off and this was just what I needed to fix the code P0420 on my Toyota 4runner . According to what I have read these sensors need to be replaced every 80k miles or so . Great price and great product !
 Price was great , do n't pay dealership prices!Simple fix , saved hundreds doing it myself and had satisfaction of doing it & knowing who wrenched on my truck .
 This oxygen sensor is an OE replacement for my 1999 Toyota 4 runner . It was shipped to me in Canada very quickly and in great condition . Very easy to install . Wire is a bit longer than the original but with a couple ties it eliminated the wire from hanging . After install I turned on my truck and my engine light was off . I 've heard that you have to drive around a bit for the error to clear but that was n't the case for me . Very satisfied . Whatever you do , do n't get a sensor through a mechanic and have them install it ... you 'll be throwing your money away .
 The sensors fit and works great so far . My only minor complaint is that the pig-tail for the connector is probably three times longer than the stock or OEM sensor and required some harnessing to keep it up and out of the way .
 I bought this for my 2000 Toyota 4Runner -LRB- w / California emissions -RRB- . The price was outstanding and Denso is the OEM . The shipping was fast and it works great .
 Wow , amazon just destroys the competition . They are really crushing the local auto parts store . Combined with free shipping thru prime , you ca n't lose.I bought these after my catalytic converter got stolen . I bought a used one from a junk yard , but my car was throwing off errors . The errors led me to believe I had to replece the O2 sensors . Replacing these fixed the problems .
 2000 Toyota Tacoma ExtCab 2WD V6 3/4LI 've been running on EBC green -LRB- do n't know if they are the same now as in 2008 -RRB- since 2008 . Instantly noticed better braking for less pedal , seems to brake harder exponential to pedal pressure a bit . I 'm ordering the second pair now , probably change them in another 5K miles . Do n't worry about the mileage , think of the safety.BE SURE TO BLEED BRAKE LINES WITH NEW FLUID WHEN CHANGED ! I think these trucks suck in air over time . The original factory delivered cost me a $ 3500 crash . Stupid me , believed the service writer when he said `` They all do that . '' Never again . Used a MityVac and did the bleeding myself . It 's getting spongy again ... 66
 My 2000 Vette needed a new surge tank , plastic dried out and cracked . Picked this up , installed it in no time with no issues . Works and looks great .
 I was surprised at how fast their response was . The parts are on the bike already and look reafly good
 Check engine light came on in my 4runner and after diagnosing , I found that faulty oxygen sensors were to blame . But which one was it ? Front or rear ? At 180000 miles , why not change both . So I started my online search for price hunting and Amazon was the cheapest by far . Oxygen sensors came relatively quickly and packaged nicely . Installed and I was off and running . No more check engine light and my gas mileage improved as well . There 's not much more to say about oxygen sensors . They either work or they do n't . And this one worked perfectly !
 Performs as expected . Also mfg 'd in the good ole USA ... would recommend this as a replacement for stock . I also bought their QuietFlow Muffler and this is from the same QF line . Really cut down on the cabin drone ... straight pipe was just too much for me ? This product solved the noise issue right quick !
 Ordered this pump after my old Hobbico pump died . I was going to order another Hobbico but saw this one and knew Sullivan makes quality products and ordering it here on Amazon was $ 5 cheaper than a major online hobby shop . This pump is quick and quiet . Filled my TRex 600N tank faster than my Hobbico ever did . I 'm running this pump on a 3S1P LiPo since my 12V gell cell died a couple of years back . Easy mounting and I changed the wires over from the small thin wires and put some nice silicon 14G -LRB- I think -RRB- with a Deans Plug to match my LiPo . Loving it so far .
 Infinitely cheaper than stock!The quality looks reasonable . Does n't look exactly like stock . I 'm assuming it 'll hold up . My stockers were completely thrashed , so they 're not bulletproof either .
 It 's a plastic pig ... what do you want ? The lei did fall appart within 10 minutes but it was easy to repair with a needle and thread in another 10 . She dances well !
 This is a good looking and sturdy Texas Rangers license plate . If the team were as quality as this plate we 'd be playing next October . At the listed price it 's a steal . Enough baseball puns ? Good .
 I purchased a similar chuck at a local tire store . It was a piece of crap . The internal parts were junk . I was skeptical at first whether I would be trowing a lot more money at the same piece of junk . NOPE ! This one is completely functional right out of the box , well after you screw on the appropriate hose adapter.I totally recommend this Power Tank Clip-On Chuck over ANY of the others being offered on Amazon or for that matter anywhere .
 I cant remember ever not knowing or having the Dupont compounds around . . I ca n't even imagine not using this product . . And if youre thinking about the turtle wax or mequiars . . I would put the dupont miles ahead when it comes to working out scratches or bad marks or dull paint . . jGreat product . . Just get ready to use some elbow grease or these new found spinning drill machines . . Would recommend to anyone . . Will always use it
 We 've used this product for years for many things . Especially good for cleaning and polishing storm windows when they get sort of old glass looking .
 Good representation , received quickly and the product works well . Am using to take scratches out of Acrylic Sink and it 's working well . I 'm very satisfied .
 This is my first set of Hawk brake pads . I 've read great reviews about them and decided that I had to try them on my Jeep Cherokee Sport . Since installing them I 've had great performance . They stop great , make no noise , and create minimal brake dust . I 've tried other top names in the past and these are by far the best in my opinion . I would definitely recommend these .
 The Quick Connect worked well . The connectors simplified the repair of my central vacuum . Connectors were good quality and arrived quickly .
 This piece is a cheap and easy way to ad some more horses under the hood.Easy to install , I did it in like an hour but I have a good set of tools , even a torquemeter for the correct adjustment of the bolts . Remember that in a vehicle you have a correct force to every nut and bolt.I did have to buy two extra bolts for the final adjustment , I felt it needed longer ones with the spacers.The performance of the vehicle is increased just the bit that that engine needs for hills and off road action .
 I was a little worried about ordering because the picture is no where near what the product is . I knew by the manufacturers part number that it is what it was supposed to be . There is a right hand and a left hand shock and they came from different suppliers . The both arrived on time and were a match . All 's well that ends well .
 Got these for a Nissan Pathfinder with 160k . Installed them myself . Great dampening ratios . Valving offers comfort while maintaining control . Good quality construction . I really like the ride and handling these offer . I was worried that they 'd be too stiff/harsh . Not the case at all , they are perfect .
 Nice material . I got the beige color , looks good in my car . Easy to put on .
 This tool makes wiper arm removal and installation a snap . I have used it a few times on my 1966 Vette . No worries about scratching the arms or moldings . Works great .
 Timken . I should be able to write that one word and you know it is good , because it is . Great AMERICAN made quality . Well worth the price . No problems in a year of use . Use this brand of bearing at my job too and we all love them here as well too .
 runs a litte tight in the face if you have a full face not to bad tho id say overall great helmet
 I was a bit nervous ordering an motorcycle helmet `` sight unseen '' . I did try on several Z1R helmets at local shops for sizing but non of them had the `` ace '' in stock . I own a Kawasaki Vulcan so the the racer style `` full '' helmet is just not for me . However since this is my commuter bike I wanted more protection then a beanie half-helmet . I really wanted a full-face shield . Most 3/4 helmets have optional snap-on face shields or small flip-down sun visors . The `` Ace '' is the best of all worlds.Pros : Full-face shield that actually covers your entire face and features a nice gasket to seal out stray drafts . The shield has only two locking positions , fully closed and fully open . Not a big deal as it will stay put in between locks as well . The vents are small but seem to work fine for florida weather . Again it 's a 3/4 helmet so plenty of air gets in under the face shield so you 'll need a pace mask in colder climates . The helmet is well padded but not uncomfortable . The padding does a great job of blocking the wind and engine noise , even at highway speeds -LRB- 70mph -RRB- , but does n't hinder hearing . The padding is designed for wearing glasses so prescription or sun glasses side frames do n't hurt your head . The neck padding seals well , so no stray breezes up your neck . Visibility is excellent . I can see as far as my peripheral vision goes normally . Unlike other companies Z1R makes smaller shells for smaller sizes . This means my small does n't look like I stuck a bobble-head doll . Though the photos do n't show it , the shell is very aerodynamic . This keeps wind noise and buffeting to a minimum . The chin strap is covered with soft material and is about as comfortable as you can get from a chin strap.Cons : It 's a bit heavy but considering it 's almost a full , all it needs is a chin bar , it 's not unbearable and not as bad any of the `` modular '' I tried . Riding with the shield up does cause a whistle but does n't aversely effect the aerodynamics . There is a steady breeze that blows up from under the face shield but it 's not distracting and you wo n't need to wear sealed riding glasses . However if you live in a colder climate I would get a good lower face mask to keep your mouth and nose warm . Rather boring styling , you wo n't look cool no matter who you are or what you ride . The photos do n't show the overall shape which is very much like a full helmet with no chin bar . I bought it for safety , not looks.Conclusion : If you need a good helmet for everyday use , that offers great safety , is quiet , comfortable , and wo n't break the bank this is you 're helmet . It 's gotten great reviews on other motorcycle websites and I can see why . The size chart is right on . Z1R makes helmets that fit slightly more oval shaped heads so if you have a round head best try one on at a local dealer first . I bought mine from Amazon because the local dealers did n't stock it and to special order would have cost me $ 40 more . Mine was delivered very quickly and was exactly as described .
 Good for original replacement for my Honda HR-V 1.6 Vtec 2001 , no more engine error P0135 , improved fuel economy . I recommend , but the installation It 's no easy .
 item as expected . deffinatly a good idea v.s. the full price parts.fyi , if you decided to remove the power , or reset the ecu in any way other than clearing the code with a programmer . CLEAN THE THROTTLE BODY !!! took me like 6 hours of searching and trouble shooting to figure it out . a dirty throttle body will stop the motor from running at idle .
 I would have rated this 02 sensor five stars except for the wire splices supplied with the 02 sensor . Very difficult to crimp the splices tight enough to keep the wires from pulling out of the splices . I have ratchet action crimpers that are made for standard butt splices with the plastic insulation on them . The splices supplied with the sensor are just un-insulated aluminum tubes that you slide heat-shrink tubing over and shrink after the crimps are completed . You would be better off to go to any auto parts store and buy some red heat shrinkable butt splices to use instead of the ones supplied with the kit or solder the wires and cover the solder joint with heat shrink tubing . Other than that , I put two of these in my wife 's CRV and have been driving around for a month and no check engine light . I am getting better fuel mileage and the engine runs smoother . I have used Bosch universal sensors before also and they work ok but have a wire connection set-up that is worse than these . For the price , you ca n't beat these and they have very good easy to follow wiring instructions .
 I got a check engine light a few weeks ago with the O2 sensor code -LRB- P0420 -RRB- and bought two of these to replace the stock ones in my 2001 Toyota Celica GT . I spliced them to the wiring without much problem at all and now my light is turned off and my car idles better . I expect to see improvement in fuel economy.Perfect fit , easy installation , quality part , good price.Worth it .
 this product works and fits my 98 civic ex cat . remember it didnt come with a connector it comes with heat shrink , medal connectors and the lube
 excelente y a tiempo . puedo volver a comprar con ustedes el articulo me gusto y me sirvio de mucho . gracias
 great product and a OEM replacement for the stock integra sensors . my MPG went up 3-4mpg , but it might also be due to my recent oil change . otherwise , works great !
 Why get the stock connector and pay four times as much . If you do n't own a soldering iron get one that 's 60w . The O2 sensor will work in exactly the same way .
 I have purchased this product twice , the first time I intalled on a 1000 cm3 1SZ-FE engine and it works fine , just like the factory sensor . The second time I installed on a 1500 cm3 1NZ-FE motor and I had the same result , just like factory sensor performance
 Excellent product but a little tricky to mend with the old sensor plug -- this is the price to pay when getting a universal replacement . At first , I did not match the wires correctly and got a check engine code but w / trial and error got it right finally . After that coupled with a new Catalytic Converter it performed great at the smog test station .
 Looked up this part on a local parts store website , it was almost double there for what i paid to have it shipped to me , it also fit just fine , I have a a 2000 toyota corolla , it was easy to find on the car and easy to replace .
 After a long search this part turned out to be a perfect fit for my Japanese domestic model 2001 Toyota Estima -LRB- called the Previa in the USA -RRB- . Five days after my engine warranty expired my engine check light turned on -LRB- go figure -RRB- . As I 'd just bought the car used , and since my salary is low and I 'm trying to pay my Japanese bills in yen during the worst dollar/yen exchange rate in history , I decided to search online for a DIY cure . Since the car has an OSDII connector my first thought was to purchase a good middle-quality OSD reader from a USA vendor -LRB- they do n't sell them here -RRB- so I could read the engine code . Such readers are standardized and supposed to work in ALL CARS MADE SINCE 1996 , or so said the advertising . When it arrived I tested it , and although the connector is IDENTICAL , the reader kept giving me a `` can not connect '' error . After much online searching I found that Japanese domestic cars do not use an OSDII connector , they use a PHYSICALLY IDENTICAL but ELECTRICALLY INCOMPATIBLE DLC3 CONNECTOR -LRB- the capitol letters are there to show my annoyance with the car manufacturers for creating `` standards '' that are anything but -RRB- . Fortunately the vendor I bought the reader from gave me a refund for all but the return shipping . A kind car mechanic had the correct reader , tested the car for me for free , and gave me the code , P0155 . An online search found that it referred to the Bank 2 Sensor 1 O2 sensor heating element . Now came the search for a replacement part , which was an almost as difficult task because there are many available and their prices vary widely depending on whether it comes with an original connector or not . It 's very easy to get the wrong one . However , the Denso 234-4209 sensor in this review was a perfect fit for my 2.4 L Toyota engine , and the locations for both sensors are just under the hood behind the radiator so getting to them was easy . I bought two at $ 36 each plus a split socket and a thread-chaser . The Lisle 12100 split-socket is a must , the Lisle 20200 thread-chaser is not , unless you 're sloppy with the insertion . Both tools are well made and inexpensive . Two tips
 DENSO sensor working great , as DENSO parts always do for me ; order was sent to mein less than 3 days ... I am very satisfied with all aspects of thetransaction and the part itself .
 I have a Lexus ES300 and I wanted to save a few bucks . The shaving of cables and fusing together with the existing connector was easy enough , but as I was doing it I honestly just said to myself that I 'm an idiot for not paying the extra money and simply snapping the new one in . Considering the work I had to put into it and the fact that you still need to wrap the cables in more electricians tape -LRB- which I did n't have -RRB- to bind them together after you heat shrink the individual cables together , I should have just bought the sure fit.Additionally , I was troubleshooting CEL -LRB- Check Engine Light -RRB- codes and I 'm not sure my old one was bad ... so when I cut the OEM connector off , I was a bit gutted that I will never use it again as a backup . Ends up this sensor was NOT the problem , it was coils ... so I just cut a perfectly good sensor because I was too cheap to buy the sure fit . Live and learn ... and share on amazon ; -RRB-
 This O2 sensor worked first time in Lexus IS300 , do your homework , go on-line and check several discount sources for your vehicle . Generally , Japanese sensor for Japanese vehicles . The Bosch sensor as recommended by Miami parts dealer did not work in this application . The Denso heater resistance was more than 10 ohms , close to original . The Bosch heater resistance was less than 3 ohms . Definitely will-not/did-not work here .
 My 2001 Lexus IS300 has four oxygen sensors and so far three of them have been replaced with this Denso sensor model over a period of two years and they are all working perfectly ! A Toyota/Lexus performance shop -LRB- not a dealership -RRB- in Liberty , NC , installed each for the minimum one hour labor charge . So basically , I bought this aftermarket sensor from Amazon * and * had it installed by someone who knew what they were doing for less than what the Lexus dealership wanted for the OEM sensor alone .
 Great price and installed with ease . Used for a Bank 1 Sensor 2 -LRB- B1S2 -RRB- install . Check engine light is gone !
 The O2 sensor is the same model number and manufacture as the local branch of the big chain auto parts store . The price at Amazon.com was $ 28.00 and the price at the auto parts store was 52.00 . You have to clip your the plug from the old O2 sensor and attached it to the wires of the new O2 sensor . It came with a diagram and crimping connectors . The instructions were simple .
 My car is a 2000 Lexus ES300 . The check engine light came on and the OBDII diagnostic codes were 1150 & 1155 . Toyota wanted $ 206.00 for the replacement Denso oxygen sensor -LRB- Air-Fuel sensor -RRB- to correct it . Ouch ! I searched Amazon for a better price and WOW ! They listed a ` universal ' replacement for the exact same OEM part number ! Hmmm ... OEM for $ 206 ? ... or a universal for just $ 30 ? Well , DUH ?! ... I went with the $ 30.00 universal 02 sensor . That turned out to be the very best option because these sensors often fail in pairs . BTW
 Skeptical at 1st b/c it was sooo cheap ... Worked like a charm . 1,000 mi later still working.Be mindful of the Wiring Directions though ... Mine came with instructions for Dodge/Mitsu which uses different colors than my Acura . Thread chaser and socket tool came with this combo as well . Look around for the package deal . You will need both of those tools if you do n't already own them .
 This oxygen sensor fit perfect and works great . It shut off my check engine light . Awseome.would recommend this product to anyone needing a oxygen sensor
 Its been more than 2 years since I 've installed this O2 sensor on my IS300 and have had no problems since . What a bargain . I bought an O2 sensor socket wrench and installed it myself . It did take a bit of elbow grease to loosen it and some patience to splice and reattach the wires . The total price was incredibly inexpensive . With a little bit of DIY and not having to visit the dealership I must have saved well over $ 200 .
 I pruchased this sensor for installation on a 2007 Toyota Yaris . This univeral sensor saved me about $ 200 . The instructions were clear and instalation was easy . The main point to keep in mind when purchasing this is that you will have to reuse the old connector from the old sensor . I was happy with this as the money saved was well worth this .
 it buys east product and until now it has worked and it is very well of easy installation which facilitates the handling to the people of little experience .
 Three drop down menus and one click tells me this does not fit my car.That cost them a sale , but saved me from buying something thatwould not work . TYVM , you have my respect
 I bought this O2 sensor in January 2010 for my 2002 Tundra . It has been working perfectly ever since . Keep in mind , this is a universal replacement part and does not come with the connector plug for your vehicle . Be sure to keep your old O2 sensor with the connector intact . You must salvage the connector from your old O2 sensor by cutting the wires between the connector and sensor . Crimp the new O2 sensor wires to your old connector and you 're good to go . The crimps and instructions are included . If you are handy enough to replace your own O2 sensor then this little exercise should be no problem for you .
 Great packaging with everything you need to splice the wires and install this into your existing harness . Installed it in a Suzuki swift -LRB- UK -RRB- 1.5 L vvt car . Look no further ... . Denso rocks .
 I replaced all of the O2 sensors on my car with these . They worked great and saved a lot of money . The best way to connect the metal connectors to the wires for me was with the end of some vice grips . They made the connections super tight !
 This thing works with in my 1999 Camry , Replacing it is easy , save 60 % by comparing to the OEM one . Get back more MPG after fixing the code . But I still get the code from time to time , Resetting it and it 's gone . NO sure if it 's the DIY cabling or the car . But I would recommend you to get the one that has the cable already connected . If you get a Sensor failure code , make sure you fix it asap . otherwise you are wasting gas .
 I bought this o2sensor for my eclipse gst due to my car would n't pass smog . So far so good it did the job I passed smog the only reason I did n't give it a five star it 's cuz I had to wire it to my plug which it was n't hard . You have to do that to most sensor . So overall it 's a good sensor
 Installed on a 1999 toyota camry solora v6 -LRB- 1MZFE -RRB- . Had code P0135 -LRB- bank 1 sensor 1 -RRB- It been about 3 wks now since installed and no problem . Not sure why another reviewer said you can not replace just one sensor . At half the price this is a great buy .
 i did a system scan found that i need to repair the o2 senor downstream . this came on time , well seal , and with all adapter parts , just had to strip the end of my original 02 senor and adapt it to this one , reason being it does not come with a connector . other that than 6 months usage and car is running much better .
 Replaced the original oxygen sensor on my 1996 Miata with this unit and it worked flawlessly.The wire colors were the same as the OEM sensor . The original sensor was probably a Denso too.If you do n't mind splicing the OEM connector onto the new sensor , buy this and save $ 100 . My check engine light stayed off and my car passed the emissions test .
 On a Honda discussion board I frequent , we talk about various Oxygen sensors out there , and we 've found that the Denso sensors work like original equipment . Everyone has trouble with the Bosch sensors . Best avoided.This sensor ships with heat shrink tubing , metal barrel crimp connectors , and anti-sieze for the threads . It was nice of Denso to include everything in the package.Properly heated the tubing will ooze a bit of clear `` goo '' to seal off the connection properly . Staggering the connections , I was able to slip the original sleeve over the four splices properly.I replaced the rear sensor on my '97 CR-V , and I did not know that the old sensor 's connector was so easy to get to . If you follow the old sensor wire up to a grommet in the chassis , simply pull that grommet out and tug the wire gently , and the connector will come right out.The ' 97 - '01 -LRB- first-generation -RRB- CR-V with the B20B4 or B20Z engine uses the same sensor upstream and downstream , although if you order the versions with the original connector , the rear sensor is at least 50 % more than the front . Strangely enough , we need an upstream sensor for our craptastic 2002 Malibu , and it is the same 234-4209 sensor . So , we 're ordering another !
 I replaced a rear sensor in a 1999 camry 4 cyl with this sensor to eliminate a check engine light failure . It was easier than using an identical replacement because the cable ran through the floor pan under the driver 's seat . By using this I just cut the wires underneath the car , spliced them with included splices and heat shrink and added a layer of self-sealing rubber tape to protect and waterproof the splices . No more check engine light for about $ 30 . Update
 After removing the original sensor that had failed , I installed this one , using the original wiring/plug . The wiring for the original one seemed a little short , so I installed this one with 1 '' more cable - you ca n't do that with the OEM replacement.I chose the Denso over other brands , because that is what the original was . The sensor body is identical to what was removed.This was a fraction of the cost of a ready-to-install sensor , but it was well worth the effort to do a little work.The only criticism is that the shrink-tubing provided to seal the splices seemed to take longer than I expected to shrink down . I used a Bic lighter , as I have done with other shrink tubing . It just seems like it took a long time to tighten up.It 's been in a month now , and seems to be working just fine.A note when measuring to cut the original wiring
 I still have yet to find a cheaper place to buy a 4-wire denso O2 sensor than here at Amazon . I never thought I 'd be buying car parts on here , but if they want to sell it , I 'm happy to buy it.I replaced my Celicas sensor with this universal one in about 15 minutes using a socket I already had . The check engine light I had previously has disappeared & my fuel economy slightly improved . This is the same brand that most japanese manufacturers use as OEM equipment , such as Mazda , Toyota , Nissan . I 've used Bosch universals in the past & this one is equivalent , but less expensive than the Bosch 4-wire counterparts .
 I bought this product last week it works great ! I wish I would have paid the few extra dollars to get the direct fit ones . All in all the the directions were great . I would recommend buying the O2 socket and tread chaser that is offered when you buy this item , both cost me about $ 25.00 at the local auto parts store . I would recommend this item to anyone who wants to save alot of money . Oh and get a can of PB lube to get the old ones out .
 This was an original Denso that I ghad to splice it and connected the original connectors to it . It was very easy and afetr 2 weeks now , no problem at all .
 Great little product and had very little problems . Was able to jack the vehicle up and simply cut the old oxygen sensor off and put this one in . The only thing I was n't too crazy about was trying to manage all the heat shrink tubing . Instead of that , Radio Shack has some translucent yellow 22-26 gauge butt splices that worked great . A couple of things though : Gently twist the ends of the butt splices onto each end of the stripped wire BEFORE you are ready to crimp it down . Sometimes the little hairs from the wire prevent you from getting one end on , after you have already secured the other end . If you twist them in advance before crimping , it will smooth out the end ends of the wire so that when you 're ready to make the final crimps , they slip right over the wire.Other than that , I saved a ton of money . Great product . This was for Bank 2 Sensor 2 . This link might also help :[ ... -RSB-
 My '00 Toyota Solara -LRB- V6 engine -RRB- had a P0135 check engine code on . I use this to replace the defected OE Denso oxygen sensor -LRB- Bank 1 , Sensor 1 -RRB- . The instruction is clear so that I can wire it without any problem . It works just great !
 Universal Oxygen Sensor went in easy and worked great ! Installed on a 1999 Tracker with California Senors , saved $ 250 . over factor sensor .
 Fast shipping , great price and I could not have gotten it for any less anywhere else . I recommend this company
 a great product at an excellent price . Cant beat this price , i have tried and this is the best price for a high quality sensor .
 The wire does n't come with a connector . It does come with a splice kit that you will need a crimp tool to use . The wire was a little short but it worked once installed .
 Worked perfect , yes you have to splice your old connector on , I soldered mine.The GM one says it uses the wires to sense the outside O2 and not to splice the wires so I was concerned but the Denso sensor apparently does n't work that way . Cured my wife 's rich running and trouble codes at a fraction of the cost of OEM , N/D is a good brand.Do your homework and know what your buying ... seems a lot of reviews by people that bought the wrong part for the wrong sensor , this is the one that goes before the Cat ... FRONT
 I bought this part on Amazon for around $ 45.00 . It was $ 108.00 at Advance Auto Parts and other locations . There are four sensors on my 2001 Toyota Tundra . Two before the converter and two after the converter . This one is one of the before the converter sensors . The after converter sensor are cheaper . I replaced all four sensors for under $ 160.00 . It have cost me several hundred of dollars if I would paid a mechanic to replace them for me . The parts were OEM parts and better than half the cost . I also received them in just a couple of days after placing my order . They were packaged very well also .
 Good price for 4 wire sensor , but a bit more work than a custom fit unit . Be sure to save the wiring from you 're old sensor . You need it to fit the universal one . Wiring 's not very difficult with supplied crimp connectors and shrink wrap insulation . Only other tools you need are a cheap wire stripper/crimper and a wrench to remove/replace the sensor .
 Wiring matched my Miata wiring , all the splicing materials included , with good instruction sheet -- all around better than the Bosch universal .
 This the same O2 sensor that is on my toyota.It being a `` universal '' fit there are extra steps installing wire plug.Product did work perfectly after installation .
 I give this o2 sensor 5 stars . bought it for 50 % less then any autopart store near me . instructions made it easy tofigure out what wire goes where . I soldered the wire instead of using what it came with . Installed rest codes worked great : -RRB-
 Came fast and in good condition . I have not used the bulb yet but , they look good and like somthing I can use .
 got these for work about 3 to 4 months ago , been using them alot , i recently put both the t45 and t47 3/8ths ones in the center of the case in the pic , thru hell on an ingersoll rand titanium 3/8ths . the one i bought off of here also about 3 to 4 months ago . i recently broke teeth off of both of those , i know for a fact they are n't spose to go on impacts , and the fact that what i was using them on was the torx that hold the seat belts and the actually seats down are sitting at about 150ftlbs or more , and are loctited originally , so putting a super strong 3/8ths on a torx and hammering the crap out of it , recently i had a chain of land rovers that needed the camera wiring replaced part of a warranty issue , and you have to remove most of the interior , including the seats and center console , as well as rear head liner and tail gate area , BUT , anywas , i had to have done about idk 15 of them , and used to remove and install these torx on all those , and i chipped teeth on both of them ... the snappy lady said she could most likely get them warrantied thru snap on because they have links to Lisle , and so i 'm good . i was n't mad to begin with , we break torx off all the time on jags and land rovers because they use alot of torx , i have lisle , one guy has blue point , the other snap on , the other matco , and we all break them constantly , and it does n't help most of these companies sell out stuff to snappy an matco , so these are a cheaper set price wise , but quality i was very happy with , they have received a beating and done quiet well . good all around set , used almost every one on a land rover at one time or another , and works well . company i dealt with shipped quickly and packaged nicely so all around great product and service .
 OK , it 's only a bunch of Torx bits . But ... They come in a nice case so that you do n't have to root around for them in your toolbox , the sizes are stamped above each bit so you do n't have to find the correct one by trial and error , and it 's a very complete collection . Very good to have if you if work on your car yourself because the auto makers are using the Torx fasteners more and more . I bought the set because I needed a # 4 Torx bit and found that the entire set only cost me about $ 15 more than that single bit .
 You ca n't go wrong with Painless . The wire itself is plenty long . Ca n't really say much other than that . 5 stars !
 nice covers and they fit my daughters `` NEW '' Beetle ... nice fabric/neoprene , easy to wash ... shipped on time , and well packaged . .
 I have purchased no less than six other exhaust pipe speaders for less money.Every single one of them worked marginally at best , and I broke every one ofthem in either the first or second use . I have used this tool many times nowand it has worked flawlessly everytime . I purchased the range extenders forthis tool , and they work just as flawlessly . This tool was well worth the money , I only wish I had purchased much sooner !
 If you 've never removed those rubber exhaust hangers without this , you can not truly appreciate the frustration and time it saves . Only problem I 've had is that the rivets tend to get loose . Tightening the rivets up is as simple as setting it on the vise and giving them a wallop with a hammer . May have to replace them , or just weld it someday , but it has taken a beating and owes me nothing . One of the most valuable cheap tools in my toolbox .
 2000 Sienna check engine light -LRB- Code P0136 -RRB- came back on again a few hundred miles after replacing the O2 sensor with OEM part -LRB- made by Denso too -RRB- . I was skeptical first as the image was different than actual piece but took a chance because this direct-fit sensor is much cheaper than Toyota part . Received sensor has same OEM quality except cable is little longer except you 've to position the rubber boot . Instruction is clear . It 's been 4 months and no check engine light . It should be noted that this Denso 234-4623 is O2 sensor -LRB- near catalytic converter -RRB- , not A/F Ratio Sensor -LRB- near engine -RRB- as titled .
 I installed this last weekend , and it turned out the Check Engine Light in my 2000 Sienna . It comes with a small packet of no-seize paste , so you do n't need to provide your own . The plug and the wire are identical to the original , including the grommet that seals the hole in the floor through which the wire goes to connect under the passenger seat . On this Amazon page , by the way , the two customer images are correct , and the Amazon image is not . As the customer images show , the sensor wire is long , and the required grommet is already mounted on it . Note also , as another reviewer has said , this is an oxygen sensor , NOT an air/fuel ratio sensor . A universal oxygen sensor might have worked , but installing this one was a lot less trouble , and it DID work -- not a given with the Sienna 's strict computer . Excellent OEM replacement . Added 13 Mar 12
 I rarely post reviews , however find them invaluable when searching for products to purchase . I have to say I have read horror stories of people purchasing specific Denso o2 sensors but received the wrong part . I was a bit skeptical at first , but received the product fairly quickly and was the exact part I requested . Very pleased with this transaction and increases my confidence in ordering online . Part is installed on my vehicle and no more check engine light . Could n't be happier .
 arrived on time , well packaged , very good product , perfect fit , now I can only hope in the course of such good quality time with .
 Got these struts to put my neuspeed lowering springs on and they feel great ! Ca n't attest to their longevity as I 've only had them on for about a month , but the ride is much improved even being lowered !
 Shopping online for quality shocks and struts at an affordable price for a 96 Honda Accord EX I found what I was looking for at Amazon and Just Suspension . I consider KYB a quality product and the price was affordable with the shipping included . What a great deal and a bargain , satisfied and happy !! I would n't hesitate to do business with these two companies again.Thank you , Ellis
 The suspension lift was easy to instal and only took 30min . The torsion blocks took the drop out of the front suspension and my truck , looks and rides level . Great Product , no noticeable change in the ride , or steering .
 Good quality product , it says though that this is for a 1998 Chevrolet K1500 which it is for the most part accept that the shock extender brackets are not for a 1998 , had to fab some brackets up , other than that , a good quality product from ReadyLift yet again .
 parts are certainly as strong or stronger than OEM . However on my vehicle it only raised 1 inch , that is enough to clear a 285/65/18 nitto trail grappler which is a 32.8 '' tire . the rear end is still a little higher than the front so its not a exact leveling kit.ride quality did not change , it still drives as it did with OEM keys .
 This product arrived in an extremely fast time which was great !!! Due to the heat i didnt want to install this myself so I commissioned an auto shop to do the work . They tell me they had to remove alot of parts in order to install the lift kit which made it a bit more difficult than the instructions showed . Im not really sure because I didnt stand over their shoulder watching them . They may not have been familiar with this type of upgrade . Nevertheless it was installed and the product works as it is supposed to . I have no complaints with it except it might be a little pricey but once you get over that hump its a good product . The truck sits as it should now !!!
 This kit would fit many cars . There were all I needed for my 2005 Freestyle plus lots more . Lots of different diameters and thickness orings . Much cheaper than buying from a Ford dealer .
 This product , as with most Denso products , is practically the Toyota OEM replacement sensor for a tiny fraction of the dealer price . Be careful however , and take a close look under your hood before buying this . Some Toyota models use an A/F sensor instead of oxygen sensor , and that is Denso part no 234-9010 . The connectors are different as well , and that is evident from the pictures provided by Amazon for this part . Denso included plenty of anti-seize , and this part was a cinch to install as expected otherwise .
 Be careful when taking the advice of the Amazon feature that tells you whether or not the part will fit your car . I have a 2001 Camry 4-cyl 2.2 L and was informed by Amazon , Autozone , and Advance Discount Auto Parts that this was the sensor my car needed , but that was not the case . What my car needed was an Air/Fuel ratio sensor found here : Denso 234-9010 Air Fuel Ratio Sensor . My car was bought brand new in Florida , so I had no reason to believe that it was up to California/New York spec and required the Air/Fuel sensor , but it did.The easiest way to determine what works for your car will be to take a good look at the plastic electrical connector on this O2 sensor and the one that I provided a link for above , then compare it to the connector for the one that is currently on your car . Then buy the one that matches your car 's . I went through the hassle of ordering this O2 sensor and attempting to install it only to find out that it did not fit . Then did some research and realized that I was advised to order the wrong part . Save yourself some time and money , and go check that connector before ordering.I 'm giving this a 4/5 star rating only because I was misinformed of its compatibility . I feel bad in doing so because it 's very likely that this O2 sensor is perfectly fine but I ca n't really determine that .
 Denso is the OEM provider for lexus/toyota and this part for my IS300 was the perfect replacement part . Install was quick and easy , i recommend spraying the old O2 sensors with PB Blaster a couple times beforehand and make sure the engine is at ambient temp before you start . Took me 20 mins with PB blaster and a cresent wrench to do both B1 sensors.Cheapest price on the internet !!
 Check engine light on , this sensor did the trick . Go to advance auto , they will read the code for free . Order the part from amazon and save more money . Easy fix , you can even buy a oxygen sensor SOCKET on amazon . I recommend also purchasing the socket to save time . You may need to use a piece of pipe on your socket wrench for more leverage , the O2 sensor can be hard to break free .
 Bought this form my 95 ' Lexus SC300 . They are a perfect fit and look like made of high quality . I believe they are OEM replacement . The connector matched up perfect so no cutting or splicing . Comes with anti-seize packet as well . Well done Denso .
 I am very skeptical of aftermarket replacement parts since working for different OEM dealerships for over 25 years , nearly 20 years with Toyota alone and a Toyota MDT since 1998 . The first thing I look for during a diagnosis is aftermarket parts . They generally do not work . Denso is the OEM supplier for the Lexus IS300 , but even the factory part has had several iterations due to problems with original part . This is a plug & play part . The only difference I found was a harness loom to secure to the the frame rail that was very easy to switch over . The waveform was perfect and the heater circuit voltage is spot on .
 This was a perfect fit into my 2003 IS300 Sportcross . The only disasppointment was it did n't include the one-time-use clip to hold the wire to the inner fender .
 EBC are my favorite brake pads . Work great , low noise and dust . Great Product for the money and quality that you can count on .
 This was not only a great deal , saved $ 175 off the list price it does what the manufacturer says and SAVES GAS ! at least a 10 % savings in gas ! Goes on very easy , if you have deck bed you need to cut out a section for the clamps , be careful not to cut into the bed lip . Shipped in 2 days !
 very happy with this product , fits well . wished I had went with a different color , the black really shows lint . my error for not thinking ahead .
 This is one of those items for a motorcycle that you hope you never need , but if you need them , nothing else will do . The cables are well made with the clamps firmly attached . Having the Velcro on the bag is handy for easy storage . A good product , but , hey , they 're just jumper cables.John
 I bought these jumper cables approximately a year ago , but I did not have a chance to use them until today . The cables were a good length , worked without any hitches , and fit back into the carrying bag afterwards . I strongly recommend these .
 Not much to say about these . They 're quality jumper cables , the length is convenient , they come in a nice little velcro bag , and they work gud . I accidentally ordered 2 but I 'm glad I did . One for the trunk and one for the garage.Jumper cables - have them .
 I purchased these after I saw a co-worker in the parking lot in need of a jump , and knowing that my car is 10 years old , I figured it would be a smart investment . Thankfully , I have n't had to use them yet , but I 'm a third-year college student living on my own . I feel safer having emergency materials like this in the back of my car . The bag is handy , and there 's still room afterwards to shove directions on how to use them that I printed from somewhere online . Another co-worker mentioned this brand - saying that they get the job done and last long if you take care of them .
 Product looks heavy duty and durable and was almost half the price of similar and lesser items .
 Though I have not yet had to use them , the product has a compact size and is great for those rare emergencies when ones battery dies . Perfect for carrying and stashing away in your car .
 I have had this nearly two years on my car and it makes a significant difference in the throttle response and how quickly my turbo spools , also its the only C.A.R.B. approved CAI for my car . Sounds great as well .
 I have owned this intake kit for a few months now . I bought this intake kit in an effort to increase power and remove a breathing restriction . After installation , I noticed a more responsive motor . The engine has a noticable reduction in lag during acceleration . I ca n't speak about it 's HP numbers or it 's fuel efficiency benefits , but I will say that it feels different . Better than before . The filter is washable and reusable . Other filters are oil based and that oil can go down the stream and damage the MAF sensor . You wo n't have to worry about that with this Dry flow filter . I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 At first I thank sports exhaust manufacturer because a good voice and good Adih for 4-cylinder car in the end I would advise those who want high sound and also a good performance to buy the product .
 fits like a glove , looks nice , easy to install took about 5 minutes , makes my car look great , better than ever
 Came in in a timely manner and was flawless !! Sounds great and i get a ton of comments on them !! And for the price it cant be beat !
 I attached 4 of these swivel hooks ot my pickup crossbox and use them to help secure rafting and camping gear in the bed of the truck . They were simple to install , fold out of the way , and our quite sturdy . -LRB- I put the T-cleat style keepers on the outside of the truck bed as they look nicer -RRB-
 This item was a perfect fit . Although i did have to cut of the tabs to fit it in my V6 . From what i have read that is pretty common . They came right off and everything was perfect from there .
 Great resource for anyone restoring and maintaining a Pontiac GTO , LeMans , Tempest ... has pretty much all the information you need to get basic to major repairs and overhauls done .
 I priced this item locally at my automotive part stores and on line . This had the best price by far . Once I installed it , the issue went away . There was also a noticable difference in the performance and fuel economy .
 Product as described , Shipping time average , Shipping cost -LRB- Pricey !!!!! -RRB- After I ordered I found another Dealer with shipping costs Half what I was charged . I `` ll look elsewhere for my next order .
 Install was a breeze and they ride great . Arrived on time and best price I could find them for . Great buy ...
 Works great and was a great deal , will not hesiate to buy again in future if needed . Very quick del .
 Works as intended . Have them on for over a year now with coil-overs and still holding strong . Gives a nice ride also .
 The product was exactly as shown . The directions were good . It took me about 30 minutes for the change.I will purchase from Amazon.com again.Thank you.Richard
 I have a '92 Honda Civic LX , and I was trying to get it to pass SMOG . Since I live in Cali , I had to replace my intake -LRB- Which was literally a rubber tube and a random air filter that some guy put inside the car before I bought it . -RRB- I went to the Honda dealer and they asked upwards of $ 170 for the intake system ... I did a little homework and found this AEM Intake -LRB- Which is also CARB certified ! -RRB- for less than half the cost . Installation was a breeze ; I did it myself -LRB- and I do n't know much about cars at all . -RRB- Not to mention , my car now has more pep in its step -LRB- roll ? -RRB- and the engine sounds great . Do n't pass this up .
 I put this on my 98 Civic EX , and the results were great . The sound is much more than I expected , and I am very pleased . I did , however , have to cut one of the tubes that ran from the bumper up to the factory air box . Love the product , great fitment , great looks , great sound . Would definitely buy AEM again .
 Love this buy . Nice quality short ram intake fits perfect . Low cost parts with a great sound and function . Does what it is supposed to do .
 Performs awesome . Stays super clean due to not having any oil to attract dirt . Sounds mean ! Only running dry flows from now on .
 Great product , great enhancer . Easy to install with instruction guide . Love the idea to be able to clean filter when dirty .
 This intake installs into a Honda Civic D15B7 or D15B8 motor in under 30 minutes . The performance increase is immediately noticable and it makes the motor sound awesome when opened up under load . The best 104 dollars I ever spent on my car . This is a must have if you have either of these motors.The only negative thing I have to say about this product is that the instructions ask you disconnect some part from the coolant system and for this style short ram intake , that is not necessary , at least not on the D15B7 or B8 motors.Excellent product for a reasonable price . And it 's CARB compliant to boot .
 this product was not like the picture . anyways 5 stars the reason for that it come with 3 carb stickers the aem sticker you see on the picture when i received it was yellow and black dont get me wrong it the real deal just a newer model and the filter is red not black it is on my 98 civic ex 1.6 L the intake is a nice shiny chrome like car rims . it gives your car a different tone too .
 The price on this AEM intake was fantastic . I was in need of a replacement for the knockoff intake that came installed on my car from the previous owner . After looking around this was not only the best price but the fact that it was AEM was a big plus as I have purchased their intakes for many of my vehicles for double the price and have always been satisfied with the quality .
 First of all the shipping was great . It qualified for free super saver shipping which quotes 5-8 days and I got mine in 3 . So I ripped it out of the box and went straight out to my car -LRB- 1996 Honda Civic EX Coupe -RRB- . It had almost everything for a smooth transplant . The only thing that is weird is the placement of the air hose nozzle . Because of the weird placement I had to go out and get a 2 ft length of tubing to prevent kinking from the awkward placement . That however only costed me about 86 cents so no big deal . Anyways I got the old intake out and put the new one in and fixed the hose problem in about an hour -LRB- took longer than it should have due to me not having the proper tools to do this project -RRB- . When I turned on the car I did not notice much difference . However when I revved the engine up I noticed a huge difference in the sound . It gives the engine a much more throaty growl than with the stock intake . On the road the performance is not much different unless you floor it ; nothing changes about the regular driving except for the noise . However when you put the pedal to the metal the car just shoots off . Much better acceleration and the top speed goes up just a tiny bit . The cherry on top is the really cool noise it makes when you are gunning it . All in all it was worth every penny , just be prepared for the possibility of minor changes you may need to make for instillation .
 very good product and I liked the price since I bought one before from a different site for almost double .
 Work great no issues at all . cheaper than replacing stock airbox . arrive fast and was able to have it install right away
 Great intake ! Looks clean , sounds great ! Installation was pretty easy , just had to find a spacer to fit it on the intake manifold . After that , it was a breeze !
 The product is a great addition . Better idle , has a good tone under medium-high throttle , and pretty easy to install . One downside was the rubber grommet for the O2 sensor I believe was slightly bigger then hole in the pipe . I had to go to home depot and pick up a pack of them for like $ 6.00 . Found one that fit perfectly so it was OK . Install would have taken about 30 mins without the trip to HD . Good product so far !
 I spent quite a bit of time evaluating options for the truck bed liner . Choices are : Drop in , Spray on -LRB- line-X or Rhino-Liner -RRB- , or Bed-RugDrop In liners have some very cool cargo management features that I like , but cargo will slide easily , not good if you are always hauling a lot of materials and tools , great for loading and unloading . They protect the bed to a point but damage from sand and friction can damage the bed underneath . Think of it like putting slip covers over your seats and having them end up wearing the seats anyway , not a good thing.Spray In liners are permanent . They create a non slip surface that is way better than stock . It is expensive though . I moved some appliances right after getting the truck and scratched the bed up pretty good . Does n't take much with the crappy paint they use now a days to limit VOCs . -LRB- but do n't get me started on environmentalists ... -RRB- Bedrugs come in two different model and you can do partial or the whole thing . They are very light weight , have deep foam that levels out the bed . It is designed to resist stains and can be easily cleaned . The perfectly molded sides zip to the bed cover and everything is attached with industrial Velcro . Cargo does not slide and the resulting surface is soft on the knees . I got mine thru Amazon complete for under $ 336.84 delivered . -LRB- model BRQ04SCK -RRB- Installation was pretty straight forward , I zipped it together and left mine in the sun for a few hours to warm up prior to installing , letting it conform some to the bed . Then it was a simple mater to mark locations for where the cargo tie downs come thru . There are two ways to install . You can remove and re-attach to the outside of the cover , or what I chose to do was to make a small incision with razor blade from back side and simply slide cover one edge at a time . This minimizes installation time and makes it easier to remove cover when necessary . Other suggestions not in the instructions would be to place the Velcro tabs on the ribs instead of the valleys on the tail gate and head wall.Sorry I did not take any pictures of the install of the rug or the F-1 as both were done quickly with only minor complications and are well documented on the internet by the manufacturers.Just got back from 1000 mile weekend trip to deliver a huge load of furniture for my son moving out of the dorms into a house . BedRug worked great to protect stuff , minimize pad wrapping . We also picked up a full size refrigerator , Washer and Dryer for $ 200 and moved it . This is a case where the BedRug may not have been the best choice as the feet of the Washer and Dryer want to catch . Fridge was on wheels so not much of an issue , but power lifting the washer was a chore.Here is what it looks like completed :[ ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Keeps tools and gear clean , stable , quiet and undamaged . Easy on knees when you have to get in the bed to get things . Cleans up nicely . Velcro mounting makes it removable . Closed cell marine foam backing is custom heights to provide smooth bed over contours of metal bed floor . Velcro mounting so you can carefully remove if you need to power wash the carpet or take it out for other reasons . I 've put these in two trucks and ca n't imaging using anything else after my experience - see customer photos .
 I was skeptical . Are you ? Fear not . This thing is an incredible product . Spent 90 minutes putting it in . I was very tentative . But this thing fits better than the proverbial glove . What a great product ! It really looks almost like a very smooth putting green . Just a little more coarse . Feels great and very very light . I am astounded at how good it looks . I put it in a Silver Crew Max and the BedRug looks like a great color match . I had a friend helping out so if you do it alone , probably two hours . Very impressed so far . It 's been in a week or so now . I have seen complaints that BedRug does n't send you enough of the velcro like material . I had plenty . Go for it ... Local dealers quoted me $ 450 and $ 75 to put it in . Skip that stuff . It 's very easy .
 First off , install was a breeze . I love everything about this liner except for the fact that it bubbles up -LRB- Understandable though since its `` carpet '' -RRB- and has a few gaps . But I also had gaps in an OEM liner I had too . Other than that its great . No longer bangin my knees upon the rivets and bare metal of the bed . Its also holds cargo in place better than anything I 've had before . The plastic liner I had in my last truck though good in its own way , would slide everything around the bed even with normal driving , The Bed Rug does not do this . Another huge reason in getting this was to further protect the cargo from getting `` hurt '' by the bed . I run a party rental business , and often times I have rental items in the bed that need to be more protected . All in all I 'm very happy with this purchase , It fits MY needs perfectly .
 No review that I read mentioned anything about insulation or sound deadening qualities of the BedRug . I have a 2007 Colorado WT Regular Cab Pickup -LRB- Yes , the least expensive Chevy commercial truck -RRB- with a 6 ' bed covered by a Veer 180 shell , with shell and cab windows removed and joined together with a flexible neoprene gasket
 Just bought a 2013 Ford F-150 Raptor . It has a 5 ' 6 bed . I wanted protection that looked good as well as functionality . The bed rug gives me both . I admit , I am lazy when it comes to installing after market products on my truck . I was gon na have my 4 wheel dealer do it for 75 dollars . After reading the reviews here and watching the youtube instructional video I decided to install it myself . Being in Texas in January we had a 76 degree day so I laid it in the bed of the truck and let the sun heat it up for a couple hours . Great idea as another mentioned . It fit perfectly . As I said I watched the video that bed rug produced on YouTube , followed the directions and in a couple hours -LRB- I took my time -RRB- I had what looked liked a professional installation . It was even fun doing the install because it was so easy . No tools required except if you want to remove and reinstall the tie down hooks . I just cut a slit with a razor blade . Much easier . As for being waterproof ... The material is but like another reviewer said , it does have some corner areas that water can and will get thru . Is it a big deal ? Not in my opinion . I remedied that by installing a BakFlip G2 on my truck so no water issues at all.Sense the install I have added a bed cover . This bed rug is so comfortable , you could camp out of the back of your truck with the addition of nothing more than a sleeping bag . This is one of the better purchases I have made in a long time .
 Shipped on time . Packaged well and came with extra velcro for installation . Able to install myself but would have been great to have an extra set of hands . Product looks great and works fantastic . No longer need to worry about anything sliding around in the bed -LRB- groceries , packages , items being hauled , etc. -RRB- . Just what I was hoping for .
 So I got my new 2012 F150 . I really wanted a nice bed liner to protect it and the things I put in the back . I 've had slide in and spray on liners before . I was leaning towards a good spay on but wow they are up to around $ 500 + for a good one now . I looked on amazon and found this Bedrug . I read the reviews and watched several YouTube videos . I talked to my wife and she did not like it but it 's what I wanted.It arrives in a few days in a large box but its not too heavy . I take it out and its in a couple of sections . Just follow the instructions and it is a easy install . It took me around 45 minuets but I took my time . It fits just perfect . I just cut a slit in the fabric for the tie latches.What I like :1 . It 's soft . Easy on the knees .2 . Looks great ! 3 . Holds everything in its place4 . Will not scratch cargo5 . Durable -LRB- so far -RRB- 6 . I can install myself and take it out when I want to sell it . -LRB- Held in by industrial Velcro -RRB- My wife and kids now love it ! So does everyone else that looks at it . Now I have not really had a chance yet to put it though some hard work with rock or dirt so time will tell on that but carrying around bikes and camping gear it as been perfect ! I keep a tool box loose by the tail gate and it never moves . It 's not tied to anything.Bottom line
 I purchased a bed rug for my 2005 f150 super crew . It looks great and cleans up even better . I do n't haul rock or a lot of dirt if I did I would have purchased a spray on .
 WOW !!! This is way better than any of those spray in bed liners . It fits like a glove . Very easy to install .
 We bought a used 16 ' heavy duty tandem axle trailer and learned the hard way that the ball coupler was no longer locking down on the ball . I researched ball couplers from the Tractor Supply , Harbor Freight , and a few other places . This ended up being the best deal . We had it welded on the trailer and have tested it on numerous trips , including 8 125-mile trips moving my son 's household and shop . These were loads that required a 2500 diesel truck to pull . No regrets . And if you wish to paint the coupler , it seems to hold the paint well too .
 i used this sleeve for my wire looms under the bonet , my car is a heat producer and that cause many wires to be replaced recently . i had to find a solution which was this item.i have used to cover the injector harness , oxygen harness , A/C harness , and other engine sensors ' harnesses . the car performance is better as i used to have irregular behavior which i sued to relate to heat , now they are all gone
 I use it for my Japanese home bakery machine , almost everyday.The bakery machine only requires 350W , but I bought 1000W transformer , so it has enough power for the machine sometimes runs over 8hrs , depending on what kind of bread you make.The transformer is very easy to use , infact , the instruction is just a couple of sentences long . I have been using it for a month now , everyday , no problem . No heat is created , too.Good thing is that I can always take this back to Japan to be used with American appliances.It was a bit difficult to plug in the appliance at first . I do n't know if it 's just me , but I really had to push it in.Good Item , very reliable , highly recommend !
 If you have electronics which require 100VAC input , this is a must have . Do n't listen to your friends who tell you the 120VAC outlet works just fine . It 's not true . I had other Japanese domestic electronics which used on the 120VAC outlet . Yes , they worked for some time -LRB- like a year -RRB- and then died . I know it should have lasted for longer than a year if I used it at 100VAC source . 20 % Overvoltage and constantly stressing your equipment is NOT a smart idea , especially if you are running expensive gadgets.Anyway , I got one of these from this seller is because either the local stores mark up the price -LRB- I got quoted $ 85 + tax ! -RRB- or the online stores charge high S&H ; -LRB- the 1kW step-down transformer weights about 20lbs ! -RRB- . So I found this seller . They sell at a discount already . PLUS , the S&H ; is only $ 7 . The sub-total is much lower than what the next cheapest seller would charge . Packing is good . It 's basically 100 % the same packaging from manufacturer.This unit is Made In China , but rest assure that you 'll get quality product . The manufacturer is a good one , and the transformer is tested to be reliable AND stable.Recommended !!
 Pretty good ! Works as advertised . The 100V plug seems a little odd but * does * fit our rice cooker ; it took a bit of pushing though at first . It 's getting easier now.Reasons for 4 instead of 5 stars : - The 100V plug * is * somewhat odd -LRB- although it does work -RRB- - Instructions for switching the fuse were not included with the unit . There was no paper in the box , nor was it printed on the box as support suggested . However , support did explain by e-mail about how to do this.Please be aware that the voltage `` switch '' is just for the input voltage . Do not plug your Japanese appliances into the 117V plug ; only the plug on the right is intended for this and the voltages are different .
